 I really liked that this pump was designed by doctors and had a soft breast cup attachment . It is small , lightweight , easy to assemble , take along and clean HOWEVER ... The suction is NOTHING like it described . It is OK for occassional use , but not if you 're returning to work . It is too slow and painful.My suggestion is to spend the extra money on a good Medela pump - it will save you time and money - which are worth more than anything to a working mom .
 Everyone is shaped differently , so each woman may have a different experience with this torture device , but I found it so painful that I cried . The `` soft , flexible sheild '' fits over the rigid plastic tube that feeds your milk into the bottle . The hard plastic tube creates a sharp ridge inside the area where the nipple is pulled , thus the pain ! I tried using it off and on for three weeks , thinking that I should just be tough and get used to it , however , the last time I used it , the hard plastic tore me just a little - enough to make me get rid of it ! I would suggest a one-piece model -LRB- and First Years makes some , as do other companies -RRB- as an alternative to this kit .
 I registerd for this pump b/c of the great price . I had my baby in January . In Febraury I began using the pump and then after a 2 weeks there was no suction . I sent it back to First Years and they sent me a new one . I used the second one three times and there was no suction . I later bought a a better pump . If I had known this was such a horrible pump I would have never registerd for it . IT 'S A WASTE OF MONEY !!!
 If I had to do over again I would have bought something else . After a few uses it would stop releasing the suction and I 'd have to turn it off and back on again at a lower suction level to get it to release . Also , the suction was okay for the first few times , but now it does n't work well at all . 20 minutes of pumping and I only get about 1 - 2 ounces out of it . The couple times I got more than that was when I was REALLY engorged . Do n't waste your money . Buy a better pump .
 This pump takes forever express any milk ! &#60; br / &#62; I was completely engorged & it still took over 45 min to pump 1 oz . ! &#60; br / &#62; Try the Medela Harmony manual pump instead . It works 100 X better than this piece of junk !
 This pump worked really well , for about a month . Then it just stopped working right at all . What a piece of junk . I ca n't believe I paid $ 40 for it . I ca n't believe I did n't read the reviews on it before buying it . Never again .
 I wanted a pump for occasional use and so I purchased this pump for the job . I thought it would be quick considering it was electric , but boy was I wrong . It does n't have a speed control , only suction control . It pulls so hard and is very slow in its process.It took me 1/2 an hour to get 1oz of milk ! Then to make matters worse when I was finally done , I was so sore it was really hard for me to breastfeed my baby.Of course you ca n't return an item that is for personal use , so the $ 39.99 was money down the drain .
 I am sorry but I have very bad experince with this pump . I 've received this pump as a gift and when I came from the hospital with my breast engorged I 've decide to give it a try . It worked fine for about 5 minutes than the milk stopped dripping into bottle and filled the top part of the pump and got into the motor . I called customer support for First Years -LRB- they are extremely nice and helpful -RRB- and they send me mailing label for free return . In five days I 've received new replacement pump . That one worked for two days and end up just the same way as the first one . I 've called again and they offered me replacement again . I 've asked if that is normal with those pumps and I 've been told that I am probably producing too much milk -LRB- thank God for that :-RRB- and this pump is not suitable for me . However they are still replacing it AGAIN ! Frustrated enough I called Medela Dealer and I am enjoying my new Pump in Style advanced . If you are serious about breastfeeding for a while do n't even bother with those cheap pumps . They are very frustrating . I know that over $ 200.00 may seem a lot but if you consider how much are you saving on formula it 's a great investment .
 I bought this pump . I could n't figure out why I was not getting any milk . It did n't work well so I never used it . My sister borrowed it because she was visiting . She said that it just pumps too slow . I now have a double high end pump . I tried this little pump again to see what it was like . I still did n't get anything -LRB- I usually get 4 ounces per breast -RRB- . In addition it hurt when it was turned on . If you were trying to pump at work like I do everyday , you would have to leave this thing on continously in order to pump enough for your baby .
 I bought this pump when I had latch on problems and my milk wasnt coming in . The doctors recommended I get a breast pump to help establish my milk . I looked at all the pumps and wound up buying this one because it was more affordable . I used it for two weeks and just gave up and bought the Medela Pump In Style which was VERY expensive because I felt it just wasnt doing the job . After using the Pump In Style , I got a noticible amount of milk the first week I used it . This pump , I thought , was more comfortable than my Pump In Style but it seems it can only be used for occasional pumping .
 I bought this pump because I did n't not feel it was necessary to spend a lot of money on a breast pump ... well with these breast pumps you get what you pay for . This pump is horrible !! It broke down within 24 hours of use and the motor and everything died !! My breast were engorged for 14 hours until my husband went out and found an Avent manual pump for me . Not only was this pump of poor quality , it took forever to get out 4 oz of milk and it made a lot of noise and it hurt to use . Unfortunately , I threw my receipt away and was unable to return it to the store . Mothers , do yourselves a favor and invest in the higher grade breast pumps , in the long run you will be better off .
 it works okay , but it does n't keep a good suction on the breast all the time . the valve gets clogged too easy and the motor is LOUD . i can imagine what my co-workers must think when they walk past mt office and hear it !
 When it was working it worked fine , no problems with fit , pain , volume etc. . Within 1 week the pump stopped working . Opened it up and freed the pump up then there was no suction . Dissassembled the diaphragm part of the pump to clean the valves , got some suction but not enough to use . Overall very cheap components , $ .99 electric motor , cheap pump system etc. . It 's amazing others have had them run as long as they do . If you buy it keep the receipt for your warranty .
 if you 're serious about breast feeding , and you plan on doing it for at least 3 months , just break down and buy the most expensive professional one . it 's very simple . you get what you pay for .
 This is the worst pump I have ever used . It did not pump properly , it would take me 10-15 minutes to get 1-2 oz with the product on high . Also it made me very sore . If you want a pump in this price range buy the Evenflo Comfort Select . I also used the Medela single deluxe Battery/electric pump . The Evenflo and Medela worked similarly , the medela was a bit smoother.I am disappointed that Babyrus even offers this product . They are supposed to be the specialty store in baby products , and they are selling such a bad product .
 I purchased this pump hoping to be able to use it after I went back to work . The first time I used it , it took twenty minutes to pump 1/2 ounce . This was using the maximum suction setting . After 1 week , the suction no longer even worked , and I had only used it 1-2 times each day . I phoned the company and they are sending a refund -LRB- that 's the only saving grace -RRB- . Do n't bother buying this pump - go for the Ameda Purely Yours or the Medela Pump in Style if you plan to pump more than a couple of times a week .
 Terrible breast pump and its not even me using it . The breast pump has no sucking power and takes forever to get an ounce out . I would recomend spending some money and getting a breast pump with enough strength to get the job done . I learned the hard way since my wife through out the box it will cost me a bit more . I 'll sell you this one for a dollar . lol . . thats about all its worth . Marc in Miami , FL .
 PUMPING IS NOT SUPPOSED TO HURT !! I registered for this pump because I thought all pumps were the same and did n't feel the need for a very expensive pump . Boy was I wrong !! This pump caused EXCRUCIATING PAIN !! Not only that , this pump is VERY NOISY and DID NOT EXTRACT any milk . I can say this with certainty because when I realized how painful this pump was , I went to a lactation consultant and rented a hospital-quality Meldela pump . -LRB- Which , even though it is more expensive , it is still cheaper than formula -RRB- . What a difference !! I was pumping several ounces right away with absolutely NO pain . IF YOU ARE SERIOUS ABOUT BREASTFEEDING , IT DEFINITELY PAYS TO BUY A QUALITY PUMP AND THIS ONE IS NOT IT !!!
 I thought it was just me but when I lent my breast pump to a girfriend to let me know if it was all in my head , I was happy to hear that this breast pump had the same effect on her . An aweful stinging on the nipple that made it impossible to pump manually afterwards . This pump does not work for me . OUCH !!!
 This product is terrible . The motor died after one month . My nipples were terribly sore after every use . It took much too long to express the milk . I ALMOST GAVE UP ON BREASTFEEDING BECAUSE OF THIS PRODUCT . Buy or rent the Ameda Purely Yours breastpump . It is a superior product .
 Received item in good time . Assembled it according to instructions . Tried it . Nothing happens . It turns on ok but that 's it . No real sucking action and no milk coming out . Buy a better one instead .
 I bought this pump when my daughter was 6 weeks old . By the time she was 12 weeks old , it had already stopped suctioning . I only used it for the occasional pumping . I would n't waste my money on this !! When I called their costomer service number they tried to tell me that it was no longer under warranty , which is a bunch of crap ! I had it well under the 90 days but they said that it is only covered for 30 days . It is a total waste of money !!!! I hope that someone can learn from my mistake . I would n't even give it one star . I wish I could have given it no stars !!!!!
 Worked once . Expressed 2oz from each breast @ a rate of 30mins per breast . Next day ... what ? Could this still be the same unit I used yesterday ? The suction was totally non-existent . The neck of the plastic that fits into the hand held motor unit would not stay in place properly . O-ring must have ruptured or something . Would not create a vacuum unless I pressed plastic neck into motor unit with all my might . You 're supposed to be relaxed when pumping milk ! Yea , right . I hope I can still get my money back ...
 I bought this item baecause it was the least expensive electric breast pump . BAD IDEA ! After I took it apart , sterilized it , and then put it back together it DID NOT work . I returned it and got another one thinking that one just had a problem . NO ! The other one did the same thing . I DO NOT recomend this product if you plan on sterilizing it .
 Because of budget constraints I bought this pump . It worked great when I pumped if my son did n't nurse completly at some feedings . When I started back to work and had to pump every 2-3 hours the suction started to fail . I broke down and bought a better pump . This one gave a little pain at the beginning , but I got used to it . It is also fairly noisy . Not a good thing when I am having to pump at work.If you are going to be a frequent/exclusive pumper , break down and get a better pump .
 I bought this pump because I recently had my first baby . I was never able to get more than 2oz . at a time and I was lucky if I got that . I tried to use it for 2 months before I got so irritated with it that I just gave up . Anyone considering this product should either buy a more expensive one , or see about renting one from their local hospital . This pump is a HUGE waste of time and money !
 I found this pump on a sale rack -LRB- there were 2 of them -RRB- and they were so cheap I bought both of them . The first one I tried lasted 1 week . The second one lasted 2 weeks . I was pumping once a day . The suction would no longer release on both pumps . I do n't feel so bad because I did n't pay that much for this product but hope to save you $ 39.99 by writing this review .
 This pump caused me to have a lot of pain not to mention bleeding . It took five min . to get one oz and half of it was blood . Even my lactation nurse told me that this pump was no good . If you need and electirc pump I think you should save your money and buy the pump in stlye or rent one from the hospital . If you do n't need to pump often , buy the Avent manual pump . It works well . Although it is a pain if you have to pump on a regular basis .
 I purchased this pump for the occasional use . I am a stay at home mom but wanted the freedom to go out for more than 2 hours every once in a while . After using this pump 15-20 times over several months , milk started leaking through the battery chamber . It lost all suction after that happened . I called the First Years to send me replacement parts or a replacement pump and they told me that it was beyond its 90 day warranty . THEY WILL NOT BACK THEIR PRODUCT EVEN IF THERE IS A FACTORY DEFECT !! I am very dissapointed in the company as well as this pump !! I will not purchase anything else made by the 1st years -LRB- if I can help it -RRB- , and I HOPE THAT THEY DONT GET OVER ON YOU TOO ! *** What a waste of money ***
 I bought this pump the end of July when I went back to work . It worked wonderfully for about a month and then I did n't touch it over the holiday weekend and Tuesday back at work it was worthless . I was leaking everywhere at work and there was nothing I could do about it . I sat at work all day engorged and in pain because this worthless pump just stopped after about 5 weeks of use . If you are considering this pump DON `` T BUY IT !!! It will be the biggest waste of $ 40 , I really should have read the reviews !
 I got this pump after having tried the the Advent ISIS thinking it would pump faster and more . . the ISIS was a joke , i could manually express more milk that that pump . . I thought this one would be better since it was electric and at first it was okay . but after about 3 weeks , the motor sounded as though it was going out and the amount of milk pumped was n't enough . there is n't enough time in the day to nurse my son AND pump enough milk for when i go back to work . I 'm definately going to look into getting either a Medela or just renting one .
 I purchased this pump to use for an occasional relief of engorgement since my daughter is strictly breastfed . -LRB- I had been using the Medela Pump in Style that I had borrowed from my friend but had to return b/c she had her baby -RRB- Well , I got an occasional use all right ... 1 TIME !!!! I used it once w/out any problems . The 2nd time , the milk backed up into the unit . I cleaned it all out and now it sounds like it 's sucking but it is n't . Very frustrated !! I thought I 'd buy this one b/c the price was right for the amount of times I 'd use it . If you ask me , I do n't think 1 time is worth the money I spent . I would NOT recommend this breast pump to anyone .
 I got this as a gift for my baby shower -LRB- I registered for it . . not knowing anything about breast pumps -RRB- . The first time I tried it , I got less than 1 oz . after about 20 minutes . I figured it was because it was my very first time pumping . The next time I got about 1 oz . after doing 10 minutes on each side . Eventually I would get 2 oz. , but only after doing 10-15 minutes on each side . Some days I would get nothing . . even though I would pump in the morning each time after my daughter 's first feeding , which was what a lactation consultant recommended . And after about 3 months of pumping a few times a week , it stopped working . I finally got smart and got the best . . the Medela Advanced Pump in Style -LRB- even though a lot more costly , it was well worth it . -RRB-
 I recieved this pump as a gift after the birth of my second daughter . I figured , that once I returned to work , it would come in handy . My daughter was born almost a month ago . I have got to say this was the worst thing I ever recieved . The first few times I used it , it worked great . Actually better than the hospital grade one I rented with my first daughter . But after a week of using it , it seems to get stuck on the nippple . I have to literally pry my breast out of it . The motor seems to just suck and not release . I do n't recommend this to anybody looking for a easier , but inexpensive pump .
 I bought this pump because of the price and I thought an electric and battery operated pump would be the best to use because I would not have to do it manually . It worked out great the first month I used it , but when I started to pump more it started to mess up . The pump always got clogged and it caused a lot of problems with pumping out the milk .
 I registered for this breast pump because of the on-line reviews claiming it to be comfortable and inexpensive . I recieved it at a shower and was thrilled . I took it out of the package and had it ready to go in my bag for the hospital -LRB- in case I needed to pump there -RRB- . At the hospital , my lactation consultant said that none of her patients have ever had luck with this breast pump and if I did , come back and let her know . Well , 4 days later , I was home , completely engorged , my baby could not latch on , and the pump simply did not work . I tried for at least 30 minutes on each side and maybe got one drop . To top it off , it hurt . I had to go to the local babies r us store and buy another pump . Although the repalcement pump was about 40 dollars more , it was well worth it because it worked . It is now , my new best friend , Medela . The good news about the faulty pump is that the company did take it back .
 I bought this breast pump after having my second child . I was able to borrow a Medela breast pump with my first child , but had to buy one of my own after my second . I chose this one because of the price . It is very difficult to maintain a proper seal to get proper suction . I knew I had plenty of milk to pump out , but this product could not seem to get at it . I was able to borrow another friend 's Medela pump and had no problems , so I definitely knew the problem was THIS breast pump . My advise -- spend the extra money and get a Medela .
 This pump is a huge waste of money ! It has poor suction and takes an extremely long time to express milk . I tried to use this pump a handful of times and could never get more than an ounce of milk . I recommend the Avent Isis .
 This is the second First Years pump I bought . I will never buy anything from this company again . The first pump lost suction and I am still waiting on replacement parts for that one , thankfully we bought the warranty from Babies r Us so that is being sent in as soon as the 90 days are up . I bought this pump since the price was right and knew I wouldnt be using it long . It can be painful , it does not mimic the sucking of a baby nursing , it is more like the machine they use to milk cows . Plus since you dont have a steady suction you lose your milk supply .
 this pump only worked for one month , i only used it about ten days of the whole month it worked . it lost power . it took forever for me to get one ounce . it was better for me to use my own hands and i got more milk out for sure . do not waste your money on this pump , it comes out to be more expensive than the others since you have to go out to get another pump .
 This pump was given to me as a gift . I had been using a hospital grade pump for a while because my baby was a preemie . She has since helped me to establish a good supply and I would use the hospital grade pump after each feeding & would get a good amount of milk in no time . This pump does n't compare . I will be purchasing another pump .
 I purchased this pump after the one I originally had stopped working . I am very disappointed with it . I have a good milk supply established and have been pumping since my baby was born but I was unable to get any milk at all with this pump . I had been using a manual pump before I bought this one and got better results with it .
 I was using the medela pump in the hospital and once I got out I had to get my own , I thought I would save a little money and buy this one . BAD IDEA !! This pump is so painful my nipples were cracked . You are safer manually pumping.The way it suctions to the nipple is very painful . I suggest the medela it may mean a little more out of your pocket , but in the long run you will be alot more satisfied .
 I had originally purchased the Evenflo pump and was disappointed because it kept breaking and then the motor started to go after only 2 1/2 months , so I brought it back and decided to try this pump instead . I put it all together and my first reaction was OUCH !!! The automatic suction/release is a great idea but this also has small bumps in the shield that hurt when using it . I also kept losing suction with the shield being so flexible it kept bending at the neck . Needless to say , it took me 3 days to pump one 4oz . bottle , so I will be returning this product .
 I bought this pump for my second child , I wish I had n't . It is painful and difficult to use . I got more milk expressing by hand . I never got more than an ounce in 20 mins . I tried adjusting the settings but it never got better . I gave up on this pump after 8 weeks of trying . I wish I had bought a Medela instead . Because of health dept regulations , the store can not refund for it . So now I have a pump I ca n't use , and still have to buy a new one .
 I thought this would be good for occasional pumping . However , it leaves my nipples really sore . I can only stand to use it every few days . I then tried the Medela brand , oh my , it 's so much better . Spend your $ 40 much more wisely !!
 I do n't plan on returning to work , so I wanted a pump to use only occasionally . After using this pump for less than 2 weeks , it completely lost ALL suction . And it did n't work very well even before that . It could take 10 minutes to get 1-2 ounces . Thank goodness Babies R Us allowed me to exchange it . There was no way I wanted to exchange it for the same product . I was able to get an Avent Isis & I LOVE it ! I initially assumed electric would be better , but the Isis hand-pump works SO much better ! Do n't waste your money on the Natural Comfort pump .
 After the first time I used the pump the adapter stopped working . I called First Years and they asked me to send it back on my dime . I asked them what to do mean while . They suggested using batteries . I tried that for a couple pumps but the batteries had to be changed after every pump . This was the biggest waste of money . Purchasing this has taught me one great lesson . Do you reseach before purchasing something of this great importance . I have since thrown the peace of trash in the trash . I never sent the adapter back to First Years . To do so would cost me another $ 10 after using my Fedex employee discount .
 I am a first time mom and had no idea how breastfeeding would go . After being home for a day or two I started using this pump just to see if had enough milk and to give my nipples a rest . I developed a breast infection and I truly believe it was due to this pump . It is terrible and it takes forever to get an ounce of milk . After having two infections in a two week period my Mom purchased me the Medela pump in style . It is a completely different experience . I have not had another infection and is not nearly as rough on my breast at this pump was . I also know someone else who used this pump and developed breast infections . She switched to the Medela and has n't had anymore problems .
 I used this pump once a day or less and it stopped working after about 6 weeks . While it was working it worked well and I liked being able to have one hand free while pumping .
 This pump is a worthless piece of junk . I received it as a gift and it broke after a few uses . -LRB- Even when it did work it was woefully slow , and single pump action is just a waste of time - go with the double ! -RRB- The customer service people were helpful , and I sent it back . They sent me another pump which broke again after several uses . The problem was with the suction mechanism - it kept failing . The second time it broke they were less helpful and tried to tell me it was my fault the interior mechanism was failing . Did I know I was only supposed to boil the plastic parts ? Please , how insulting.I finally broke down and bought the Pump in Style , which , $ 300 price tag be damned , was SO worth it . I know it seems expensive , but really , the money could n't be better spent . If you plan to do any more than occasional -LRB- once per week -RRB- pumping , buy the Medela . I got mine on e-bay for $ 100 including shipping .
 I bought this pump because I became painfully engorged when I got home from the hospital . Well , that was the only time it really worked ! I had to turn it way up to get proper suction , and even then it takes at least 20 minutes to get 2 ounces . The breast shield , with its massage bumps , is painful . And the valve does n't always release to let the milk collect . I had to break suction every other minute just to keep it from flooding . And the noise ! It sounds like mooing . Do yourself a favor and do n't bother with this pump .
 This pump sucks !!! Well actually it does n't . It takes me 1/2 hour just to get 2oz . You get what you pay for , do n't waste your money . A good hospital grade pump is still way less then you would pay for formula !
 Well I bought the First Years battery/corded powered brest pump for my girlfriend after reading the reviews on this web site . We have a manual powered pump , yet I decided to buy a powered one , because her arms often get tired after a short period of time pumping . I bought this product because of the price , and the one our two good reviews I read on this site . This pump was a waste of money . It hurts her while pumping , it 's loud , the disc is made of a soft material as opposed to a hard material . This makes it hard to apply and stay put - it bends a lot ... you get what you pay for - you want a cheap product - you 'll get cheap quality . I will spend the rest of my life trying to get First Years back for this one - just purely based off of principle ...
 IF you want to bleed and hurt , buy this pump . It took over thirty min to get one oz . Do n't waste your money !!!
 This pump stopped working after only two days . I pumped twice and on the next try , the suction that the pump is suppose to give to the breast had stopped working . I 'm mailing it back now for a refund . It 's terrible .
 I should have headed other reviews suggestions . I have acid reflux and purchased another pillow by leacho -LRB- the Leachco Boomerest Angled Body Pillow -RRB- Leachco Boomerest Angled Body Pillow , Ivorythat was FABULOUS . This one however is too puffy & hard right away and leaves you with a cramp in your neck when you wake up . Not comfortable
 The Grow to Sleep gives great support for sleeping comfortably during pregnancy . I like the elasticized middle portion for adjusting for the most comfortable position . What I do NOT like about the Grow to Sleep is that the 2 ends of the body pillow are too hard to use as a comfortable pillow . The pillow filling is tantamount to what is in a $ 5 drugstore pillow . I slept with my head on the end pillow portion about 2 nights , and kept waking with a stiff neck from the rock hard stuffing . I ended up taking off one end and just using the rest of the pillow -LRB- J shape -RRB- instead . This has worked well ... but I would recommend saving yourself the extra money this pillow costs and just buy a cheaper J-shaped version .
 I bought this pillow bc I really did n't see one really bad review on it . When I got it I was so happy , but than came putting the pillow covers on which was not fun or easy by any means . But with the pillow covers on , it makes the pillow shorter , which if your a long tall person , its hard to stretch out and even be in it at all . So I just took the covers off completely , which gave me more room . But the main problem was the pillow for your head was the same thickening as the other side which make your head sit up too high , and made my neck hurt . If the pillow on one side was not as thick where my head could lay and be even with my spine , I would be more than pleased . So that 's how I feel about it all . Now the pillow sits on the floor next to me , I 'm hoping I can find another use for it , since I put so much money into it .
 The pillows were hard , it was great for in between the legs , but not for comfort on the head , I couldnt use the pillow for my head .
 I am very dissapointed with this product . I have frozen over 100 bags of milk . Some where they were laid out flat some where they were n't . I realeased the air out of all the bags . I have begun using this milk and I put it in the fridge the night before . 7 out of the 12 bags I have thawed have leaked . This is very upsetting to me . It is important to me that my son gets breastmilk and when this happens I have to supplement with formula as I do n't always produce enough . I have concerns of contamination therefore I do n't use a bag that has leaked . This company should be ashamed .
 I used about 800 Lansinoh bags to freeze breast milk . I wanted to make sure I had enough to last until my 2nd baby was 1 with going back to work . While I made this happen , I am very dissappointed in these bags . At least half of them leak . Does n't matter which way they were frozen -LRB- standing up or laying down -RRB- and does n't matter how we defrost them -LRB- in the fridge , on the counter , or in warm water . -RRB- At least half of them leak . I did not overfill them and they were treated like gold in their own freezer . If anyone finds a milk bag that does n't leak , LET ME KNOW as I have another on the way !
 this is a dumb product . you ca n't pump into it and you wind up having to pour the milk from something else into this - its a mess everytime . i spilled everytime , until i decided not to bother .
 I am so frustrated , disappointed and annoyed with these bags ! I strictly pump for my daughter and worked hard to build a good supply so that I could stop before the year is up . -LRB- My freezer has , I 'd say about 3 gallons of Lansinoh bags -RRB- . I have begun rotating the older milk out , defrosting milk from November and December ; I have lost over 40oz to date and just had 2 more bags leaking from the seams . Take my advice and look into the Honeysuckle brand , the free coupon I used to buy them early on was worth learning about the quality of this brand .
 I 've pumped and frozen for two children now , for a year and a half each time.With my first , all the bags I froze worked just fine . However , the Lansinoh bags we have in the freezer have all leaked when thawed . I have used them according to all the directions . They 're not over-filled or bumped around , they are just shoddily made . They seem fine for refrigerated milk that is n't frozen , but every bag we 've used from frozen milk has leaked . It 's an awful mess . Even if Lansinoh offered me new bags , it would n't help , because it took so long to build that freezer stash of leaky bags that ca n't be replaced .
 I received these bags as a gift while my baby was in the NICU . I have never had a problem with them leaking while thawing milk ... most of the time the bags would n't get to the freezer . Several days ago , at 2 AM , I was transferring milk from the bottles I use to pump into bags . Before I had even zipped the bags shut , there was a puddle of milk on my counter ! By the time I managed to get the milk into another bag , I lost more than an ounce!I 'm glad that I did not waste my money on this product , and certainly will not be purchasing it myself .
 I 'd say about 1/3 of my bags leak . I 've lost so much bmilk thawing out the baggies ... enough to make any mom cry after all that hard work . I loved the bags going in b/c of the double ziplock on the top . I could n't be more disappointed with this product now and will never use it again . It does n't matter if we froze them flat , froze them `` fat '' , froze in clumps with other bags , or froze them individually . Leaks , leaks , leaks . it does n't matter if I thaw slowly in warm water , in hot water , at room temperature , or thaw in the fridge at it 's own pace . Leaks , leaks , leaks . So very disappointing , especially after investing in a deep freezer to hold everything .
 I 've defrosted about 5-6 Lansinoh bags thus far and 3 of them have leaked . I let the bags defrost in the fridge overnight in a ziplock bag upright in a bowl now . I also started double bagging the milk so we 'll see how double bagging works . I also have been using Medela bags and have defrosted about 30 bags with NO LEAKS !! I will spend a little extra to get Medela from now on -LRB- although ... with my double bagging technique , Lansinoh ends up being more expensive than Medela -RRB- . Spend the money on Medela fellow breastfeeding moms !!!!
 So I 'm currently taking care of my 4th kid so I know a few things about freezing milk . We 've packed a freezer full of milk for 4 kids now over the past several years.Problem with these bags - when dunking a bag of frozen breast milk into hot water to thaw it out - the bags rip - a small hole will inevitably leak out milk . Its happened about 70 % of the time out of the last 30 bags I 've had to thaw.Absolutely ridiculous . How hard can it be to make a milk storage bag ? The plastic needs to be thicker .
 LADIES , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! I have lost anywhere between 5-20oz every morning when I come to find my frozen milk has leaks in the bag . It isnt just in the seems ro corners either but rather all over the bag . It is rediculous the price you pay just to lose the most precious thing you can give your child . VERY dissatisfied
 I exclusively pumped for 9 and a half months and was able to freeze 1500 oz . I used tons and tons of these bags and will NEVER use them again . I ca n't believe how many of these bags have leaked . It is unbelievable . Medela bags are definitely the way to go . Do n't waste your money buying Lansinoh bags . You will be very disappointed .
 I ordered these bags as a change from my usual because the reviews I read seemed good , and they are definitely more affordable . However , they keep breaking !! Not when I fill them , but after they come out of the freezer , no matter if I let them thaw on the counter or place the bag in warm water , they leak . I am utterly frustrated as this has happened several times ! The contents of these bags are like liquid gold , and I ca n't afford to waste any milk ! Last night I placed a bag from the freezer into the refrigerator and this morning I opened the door to find my milk dripping all over the fridge . Ugh !
 My son receives donor milk and whenever we see Lansinoh bags we know they will leak . It does n't matter if they were frozen flat or upright or if the are stuck to other bags . If you have already frozen milk in these bags , when you defrost them , sterilize a container with a lid , rinse the bag well before placing it inside and let the bag defrost in there . At least then you know you have untainted milk in the container even if the bag leaks .
 These Leak !!!!! After having a low milk supply and putting and incredible amount of work into pumping and saving milk for later , just to find out that I would loose all the milk I saved due to leaking . HORRIBLE . Worst ever . Do not purchase these . The seam comes apart after freezing and as the milk thaws it leaks out . There is no point to these bags if they will not do there job . Very unsanitary and incredibly frustrating to loose your hard earned milk . Please dont make the mistake I did .
 I have froze over 200 ounces of BM in these bags and now that I have started thawing out milk for my son 9 out of 10 leak while thawing out . I have lost so much milk it is sickening ! I spend countless hours pumping every day . I have not just wasted money . I have wasted TIME , emotion , and precious milk for my baby . DO NOT BUY .
 Like so many other moms , I have had terrible leaking problems with these bags when they thaw . I 'm on my third child now using the bags and this is the first time I 've had this problem over the last 3.5 years so I 'm not sure if the quality is worse or I just got lucky with the other two kids ... either way , I have been feeding my baby pumped milk soley since birth and as I start to wean from pumping and need to supplement with the frozen milk I 've stored , I 'm finding 8 out of 10 bags are leaking and I 'm losing the precious milk ! I 'm having to thaw in the fridge inside a ziplock bag ... not sterilized , but I 'm trying to reserve as much of the milk as I can . This is really unacceptable and Lanisoh needs to address this problem !! The hard work to save precious breast milk -LRB- not to mention pain , in my case -RRB- is met with such a devastating end ... definitely crying over leaked/lost milk ...
 They truly leak a little bit and make a mess . not something I recommend for first time breast feeders . I prefered to pump into bottles and pour into ice cube trays . Each cube is an ounce , once frozen store in zip lock freezer bags
 We have twins and are having frozen breast milk shipped to us via fedex twice a week on a combination of wet ice and freezer packs in a styrofoam container -LRB- Insulated Shipping Containers , 13 3/4 '' x 11 3/4 '' x 11 7/8 '' ; http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ZJSH3I/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_6 -RRB- . The bags were not overfilled and were frozen flat . We found out early that some bags do not hold up well so I ordered every single breast milk bag I could and kept track of how they did -LRB- I am a scientist -RRB- . Here are the results from worst to best -LRB- NOTE
 I just threw away 7 ounces of milk because of a leaky bag . Like others have reviewed , two bags just sprang leaks at the seams . One bag had a small hole and the other had multiple holes . I 'm very careful with my milk stash . After I threw those 7 ounces away , I almost lost another 4 but noticed the water got a little cloudy when I went to turn the bag over . I 'm hoping water did n't seep in but I couldnt afford to throw another 4 ounces away !! Horrible product and now I 'm worried about the rest of my freezer stash !
 They leaked . Of the 20 or so bags I 've defrosted , 3 have leaked . Terrible ! I have had to work so hard to pump extra for my son , and losing those three bags meant he had to have formula while I was at work this week . I will NEVER buy them again !
 I would not buy these bags . I have WASTED my hard work in pumping milk . These bags leak . Find another bag !
 These bags are of consistently poor quality - I bought a few boxes of them , and stored quite a lot of milk in the freezer - now as I thaw or defrost them in any possible way - most of them leak before you can pour milk into bottles - what a waste .
 These are horrible bags ! They have holes in 1 out of 4 bags . You spend all that time pumping only to lose a ton of breastmilk because of the holes . Additionally , you have breastmilk just flow everywhere.I would give it zero stars if I could .
 I used the Medela storage bags for my 1st son and never had an issue . I bought the Lansinoh bags for my 2nd because they were a better deal and held more milk . So far , 5 bags have had a leak out of a package of 50 . I defrosted them in the fridge and would find milk all over the fridge because of a tiny leak in the bottom of the bag . I now defrost them in a small bowl just in case - hate to waste any liquid gold ! I also splurged for some Medela bags and am using those instead of finishing off the Lansinoh bags . Save your money and buy Medela !
 Very frustrating that my milk is wasted when the bags leak upon defrosting , even when defrosted in the refrigerator . I used the olde bags with my first child , the ones with the pouring handle . This new brand is horrible .
 Title says it all , these leak when you defrost them . Incredibly frustrating . Go with Medela , which have never leaked on us .
 While I was pumping and storing breast milk I really liked the bags . They were easy to fill , had the double zipper , and seemed durable . They also stood up well in my First Years storage container for the freezer . HOWEVER , now that I am starting to defrost the breast milk I worked so hard to pump and store , I am finding one in three -LRB- 33 % -RRB- bags leaks . The leaks seem to always happen on the bottom seam - the seam that was designed to allow the bags to stand up as you fill them . I now defrost the bags UPSIDE DOWN in a glass bowl . I have to wait until they are fully thawed in the fridge , because I ca n't run water over the ones that have leaks -LRB- blow outs really ! -RRB- . I sure wish they were more durable . :--LRB- I have over 100 bags left frozen . Had I read the reviews on Babies R Us before buying them , I would have bought the more expensive Medela bags . I would not rec . these bags .
 I 'm pretty protective of my milk ! It 's like a treasure for my baby and when I saw it leak into the warm water I was thawing the bag in , I was not happy !
 The bags that I have been storing milk in get holes on the bottom . Do not waste your money on these bags !!
 These bags are horrible ! I 've returned back to work and have n't been pumping very much milk so I 've been relying on my frozen supply . . It 's very disappointing that my frozen milk are getting wasted due to leaking bags while defrosting . Out of 3 bags I was defrosting tonight 2 leaked .
 mom n ' dad ... do not buy these type of bag . . i bought it , its big n ' look good , but when i freeze the milk its crack the bag open ... 7/10 bag i used is cracked open ... best bag i used so far is the Medela ...
 It seems that every time we thaw the milk in these bags they have a hole in them and we end up wasting a lot of the milk . It sort of defeats the purpose of freezing the milk if you are going to lose half of it ...
 In my experience with these bags when I go to thaw them in the fridge half the time when I go to get it out it is all over the fridge because the bag leaked . I now thaw them in a cup so I do n't lose any more milk .
 Surely Lansinoh must have some idea how much time , sacrifice and emotion goes into each and every ounce of breastmilk a mother pumps to store for her baby . Why on earth would you sell us something that leaks so badly ?! I exclusively pumped breastmilk for 9 1/2 months to feed my daughter because we were unable to nurse . I stored tons of milk in these Lansinoh bags in the freezer . If only I would have known before it came time to actually thaw the milk , how crappy these bags are , I would have switched to another brand 9 months ago ! Probably about 75-80 % of these bags leaked along the seams -LRB- many in multiple places -RRB- while thawing . Now that I 'm on my last stash of milk today and have 99.9 % weaned from pumping , I 've spent some time crying over my sink as the last few bags of milk for my little one spout fountains -LRB- that I ca n't quite capture into a bottle -RRB- out the bottom AND side seams and run down the drain . Yes , thanks a lot , Lansinoh , for making the last few remnants of liquid gold -LRB- that cost me so much emotionally already -RRB- cause me more stress and tears once again .
 I am very disappointed with these storage bags ... I used Medela storage bags with my first child and had no problems . . With my Second child i had an ample milk supply and because the Medela bags are a little more expensive i switched to the Lansinoh bags . Now that i am thawing them to feed my daughter i have to throw away 2 to 3 bags a day because they start leaking . . I have tried different methods of thawing to see if that made a difference but no matter how i thaw the milk the bags still leak . . You get what you pay for . . Be careful moms spend a little extra money but buy a better product ...
 I had the same problem mentioned by a previous reviewer . These bags leaked when I defrosted them , and I had to pour out the milk because of contamination concerns . About 1/2 of the bags I defrosted ended up getting thrown out !
 My son is now eating through the 2000-ounce freezer stash of breastmilk I pumped for him and stored in these Lansinoh bags . The first 25 bags I used were Medela bags , and those thawed beautifully . The Lansinoh bags have been quite a mess . About half of them leak from pinholes that form along the bottom gusset . To save all that milk I worked so hard on , I now have each bag sitting in a glass in the refrigerator so it can catch the milk as it leaks out . Sad.For my next baby , I will either use Medela bags , or make milk cubes . Milk cubes would allow greater control over how much milk to defrost at once , anyway .
 I should have checked the reviews before purchasing TWELVE 25-count boxes ! I would have seen that others had issues with bags leaking at the seems and I would have purchased a different brand so as to not waste all of that nourishment and hard work !
 Bought this laminated baby bag from seller . Bought product as new . The bag included a changing pad prepackaged and placed within baby bag . When we opened the changing pad there were blood and fecal stains ! Yuck . This is a biohazard . Went to return bag for a replacement and seller/amazon will not allow replacement . That is okay , will return and get refund ... not sure what else we would find if we got another bag from this seller .
 The thing you are likely to use most is the nail clipper . But it is very blunt !!! And the special cover on the clipper makes cutting the nails impossible , unless baby 's nail is very very long . If I wait until the nails are long enough to cut by this thing , my 3-month-old would have scratched his face and head . I end up buying a new baby nail clipper with a big handle and magnifying glass from nearby pharmacy . That worked much better .
 a package of useless junk ... it comes different from what they show me on the web ... it is something &#34; American red cross &#34; labeled bag , totally different from the pic . Then i check the price for the &#34; red cross &#34; grooming kit , it is cheaper than what i paid ! Amazon sold me a cheaper item with a higher price , it is cheating . I would not bother returning it , last month of pregnancy . Do not buy it !!!
 After toting all the pieces up stairs , all excited to put it together , my 2 year old daughter was even helping . Get to step 1 where you slide the first 3 pieces together and holes are missing for the pegs to go into . Holes were missing just on one side , is n't that what quality check if for ?? We will return this for the same bed and hopefully get a FUNCTIONAL bed .
 The aspirator has no suction power and only irritated my son . The nail clippers are not sharp enough to cut a newborns soft nails . I use my own Revlon clipper especially since I am comfortable with the feel of it already . The thermometer is sooo ... slow , I get make an educated guess faster . The case is cute and I am sure the medicine droppers are ok ... have n't needed those yet . But all in all , I threw half of this kit in the garbage .
 The one star is for the bag it comes in . You can take these things along with you ... but honestly , how many of these things will you really need ? Maybe just two of them , the nail clippers and the bulb syringe ... I have the set , given to me as a gift . I say , just buy these things separately , it 's cheaper and then go out and buy a simple bag to take along with you ... it 's more practical than buying this whole set ...
 I loved this stroller after I bought it ... it was lightweight , fit through standard doorways and folded easily , with little effort and was comfortable for the kids . Within 2 years , the plastic connector between frame and handlebars broke , causing the left side to collapse -LRB- no injuries -RRB- . After mailing for repair , I was told it could n't be repaired and Maclaren would either destroy it for me or mail it back as is . They offered a ` discount ' price on a new one , which incidentally was higher than web retailers . By the way , they even gave me the name of web retailers where I could purchase the item for less than they would offer . Terrible customer service.I have found other reviews of wheels falling off another model while strolling -LRB- multiple reports -RRB- and a similar review of the twin rally model with the handle connector breaking within 18 months of use .
 These work , but they are more difficult to use than competitor 's . They are wider , so they 're sturdier , but it makes it more difficult to push down to get the cabinet/drawer to open . Also , if you have used older versions , the holes to screw these in do n't match , either on the latches or the catch . Also , they are so long , little hands can pry the cabinet open far enough to get inside unless you put the catch so far back inside that then it 's in the way of whatever you have inside the cabinet . We think the child safety cabinet latch by Prime-Line are a much easier and equally effective solution .
 I installed these on 6 of my kitchen cupboards and they are terrible . They are real flimsy plastic that warps when you tighten the screws . One broke in a week and the others keep going out of alignment so they hit the door and stop it from shutting.I bought one made by Parents Magazine and it is excellent . It is strong , has adhesive tape to hold it in place while installing the screws and folds down for when you do n't need them anymore but might have more children later .
 I usually do n't take the time to write reviews , but this product is so bad I had to . I just do n't want other parents to buy and waste time installing . For the most part , they do n't latch at all ... and even when they do , they warp in 5-10 openings/closings of a drawer . SO DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT . IT IS JUST A GIANT PIECE OF ____ . PLEASE DO N'T BUY'EM .
 We bought this and the first time we tried the opening the drawer these broke . We then replaced them , but just to watch my 16 month toddler to open and break the latch on his first try . Very disappointing . We had to replace all the drawer latches with another brand . Do n't waste your time .
 These are a waste of money . We bought them thinking the adhesives would be good enough for installation and it does n't even adhere for more than 5 minutes . The latch is long and awkward , so not even sure how it works given the angle when opening the door .
 I could n't even get these installed on my archaic cabinets or drawers ... grrr . I guess 20 years ago cabinets were actually made out of solid wood !
 We tried using these latches on various drawers and doors . They never worked well . Our two-year old found she could still get by them if she opened them quickly . They do n't seem to grab well and are very difficult to install .
 Very lightweight and cool looking , but the engineering needs ALOT of help . The wheels get stuck and do n't turn very well and it is a bit too wide to get through doors . I am going to unload on ebay .
 The adhesive for this product did not keep the corner covers on . My daughter saw it and ripped it off the first time she saw it . Even if it did work it only comes with enough adhesive to use each corner cover once . This was a waste of money .
 This product was horrible and a waste of money . The double stick tape did n't work and they fell off before my daughter even started to crawl . I would not recommend this product .
 We were giving this monitor as a gift since we have a two story house , with the thought that we can have one parent unit in our room and one downstairs for when the baby is sleeping . Well , it is great for downstairs , because I can hear him all the way in the kitchen at the lowest volume setting -LRB- the unit is in the livingroom -RRB- , but the one that is in our bedroom is SOOOO loud that even on the lowest setting , we still have to wrap it in several towels to keep it from not rattling us from a dead sleep everytime the baby rolled over ! Even after we put several towels on top of the child 's unit , it is still excessively loud . I contacted the company and they said there is nothing that can be done to adjust the sound levels .
 I am so upset with this monitor . Last night I woke up to my son crying bloody murder because he had been waiting for who know how long for me to go feed him . It took so long because my monitor died on me once again . I have the monitor on at night only for a total of maybe 6 hours . I put a new battery in it on Sunday night . Last night it was n't working anymore . This is unacceptable to me . I count on the monitor to hear my son and this failed .
 This is the worst item possible for parents of an infant ! Waking up to the loud horrible static noise this thing makes was extremely unsettling . I tried everything possible to eliminate the static , but to no avail . I recommend everyone really research monitors , they are one of the most important baby items you get .
 I am currently looking for a monitor for our second child . We bought this one for our first child 2 years ago . We thought we were buying quality , but this thing started getting more static at 3 months ... then -LSB- just like the reader from MA -RSB- it stopped working completely . What a waste of money !!
 No problems with sound . The problem with this monitor is when you use it with the battery . The monitor does not work when the battery is low but power light stays on until the battery is completly dead . There is hours between the two . I realized this after I thought my son was sleeping for an hour long nap . I was outside pulling weeds - monitor in hand . When I opened the door I heard him screaming like never before . He looked like he was probably crying the entire time . The power light was still on . I left it on to see how long it would stay on . 3 more hours . Major false sense of security - very disappointing .
 As other reviewers said it is not easy to open and is poorly designed . I ca n't believe that they have not put a product on the market that does this function .
 This lock works good for a little while , then the push mechanism breaks . It may or may not break completely off , so it could still work even when it breaks . I 've gone through two of these already , and they only lasted a few months before they broke .
 Terrible is the best word I could think of to describe the product . I installed this unit and tried it out . The release button was very difficult to press but I figured that would be good for keeping my daughter out . I wondered however why they designed the button with solid , stiff plastic . If I bend a plastic spoon , does n't it just snap in half ? Each day it seemed to be easier to use , which was surely a caution flag right there . Well two weeks later I found out , yes indeed , it does just snap in half . I contacted the company and they agreed to send out another lock , however warning me that they would only do this for me one time . That 's all you need to know really . Surely they are aware of the suckularity of this product . I reinstalled it and it simply broke again in two weeks . I do not possess super-human strength . I am not misusing the lock . It is just a terrible design . Solid plastic as the lock release ? Turns out you can bend solid plastic approximately two time a day for two weeks.Buy this product if : A -RRB- You do n't intend to use it . Then it 's awesome.B -RRB- You find a pack of 50 of them for $ 3.00 .
 This product fits only a very limited type of cabinet . It needs to be screwed to the FIXED part of the cabinet , and not to the door itself . So it wo n't fit a two-door cabinet , for instance . It is also too thick to fit on most drawers . Unfortunately this is not indicated anywhere on the box . And what 's more the picture used on the box is very misleading because it looks like a two-door cabinet.We could not find a single place in our house where this would be useful -- complete waste of money for us . It feels very much like a rip-off . And besides , as everyone has written , the mechanism is very hard to open . Manageable for me , with my big fingers , but difficult for my wife . If you have fingernails , forget it .
 These look like they would work , but the only way they will fit on your cabinets is if you have the kind that the doors are flush with the rest of the cabinetry . Our cabinet doors sit out from the edges of the cabinets so this product will not work as the lock goes on the cabinet itself.Can ' t say how the lock works itself as I was not even able to install them .
 Worked for a couple of months , then stopped locking . now the just hang there . Have to find another way to keep the kids from pinching fingers in the lazy susans
 The lazy susan cabinet lock installs easily and provides an external lock to keep your rotary cabinet from turning . Note that to be able to lock the cabinet the lazy susan door is held between a plastic `` backstop '' and a front lever . The backstop allows the lazy susan to open in only one direction , and -LRB- depending upon how it is installed -RRB- , the backstop can block about two inches all the way around the circumference on the outside edge of the shelf . I had to remove anything along the outer edge of the top shelf for the door to be able to open . I installed this product on a lazy susan that is opened 5-10 times daily , and it lasted three months of careful usage before the lever snapped.Despite the drawbacks , rotary cabinets are a quick way to break a finger , and I was not able to find another product that fit the need . The safety first lock does the job , and I am buying another replacement until my 1 year old loses his obsession with the cabinet .
 When installing this , one of the screws sheared right off . I was only using a screw driver , for pete 's sake ! So now I have an embedded screw in my cabinet that will never come out because it sheared off almost at the level of the wood . Darn , it that was frustrating ! I collected my wits and moved the whole device down about half an inch and tried again with new holes . I used my own screws that I found in the garage that were very similar . This time the screw did n't shear off but I could n't get the screws in the cabinet all the way , even though I had drilled pilot holes . I wo n't blame the product for that , but it is something to consider . Finally my husband came home and used ALL of his strength and got the screws to go in all the way . So now it is functioning . It holds the lazy susan shut pretty well , no wiggling or anything . Opening it is a little bit of a pain , but if it were too easy it would n't be child proof . But I stand by my number of stars due to the partial screw still stuck in the wood .
 This was one of the only lazy suzan cabinet locks I could find . Installation was relatively easy , but the way the product installs it only allows the lazy suzan to open in one direction . Not a huge issue , but something to note.The lever is difficult to disengage with one hand and it broke after 121 days of use -LRB- 30 day warranty -RRB- . In any event , I could never find an alternate product anywhere else - so I guess there 's not much option .
 It is a useless lock . You ca n't install it if your cabinet door lies over the frame of the cabinet . It works only if the door goes in the frame , which is not the case in the most models . Useless , useless , useless , useless .
 I agree with all . For the 5 months that it worked it was effective , hard to use , and then broke .
 Installation was pretty easy , be sure to place it well above the shelf otherwise it will bump into everything near the edge.Any holes in the cabinet are hidden when closed . A plus with a rental home.Unlocking it can be a problem as many other reviewers have mentioned . My son ca n't unlock it , which is great , but my wife ca n't either . I always know what the problem is when I hear cursing coming from the kitchen including the phrase `` I hate this # & * @ing thing . `` The other downside is the tab on the inside that wo n't allow but one direction of travel . My kitchen has two lazy-susan cabinets and one is blocked from full rotation buy part of the structure . I had to choose between using only half the storage space and leaving it accessible to my toddler.If I can find some other style of lock for this I will but that instead . I would suggest that to everyone else as well .
 Did not fit for corner kitchen cabinets at all . Disappointing that it did not work for what it was designed for .
 Our 2 year old and 1 year old love to play with the lazy susan . This lock was great until it broke . The push tab broke off and now the lock is useless . This is the 3rd time we have purchased this lock , unfortunately there is n't much else out there on the market to protect our babies fingers from being pinched in the lazy susan . We will not be purchasing another one , I guess we will have to come up with another device . . stay tuned , we may be millionaires some day !
 We have the same problem-the lock lasts a few months -LRB- its hard plastic , so it is n't very forgiving -RRB- then we have to replace it . We looked at some other options too , but they would require drilling into the front of the cabinet and trim and I do n't want to do that . As it is , the last one just broke a week ago and I 'm frustrated at cleaning up flour , etc. so everything sits in a tub on the table . If you do n't mind replacing it often -LRB- order a few to start with-for $ 3 you can always sell them later if they do n't get used -RRB- , then this is a decent buy !
 I have about an inch and a half of space between my lazy susan and the adjacent bank of drawers . If I install this lock , the base of it will block one of the drawers from opening . It also means that I would have to drill into the formica trim on the cabinet . I 'm returning it .
 I bought this product to use on my large lazy susan bottom cabinet . There is no way to install it on the bi-fold door . Tried many different locations to no avail . Do n't buy unless you have a normal cabinet door .
 I was hopeful when I ordered these cabinet locks , as my daughter has been actively invading our corner cabinets lately , and our best deterrent previously has been a rubber band stretched between the cabinet knob and the knob of the nearest drawer ... Hubby the engineer 's analysis is that these latches will only work if your lazy susan cabinet doors are the old-fashioned type that are one solid piece . If you have the modern type that hinge in the middle these latches will not work . I 'll be honest , after looking at the latches for quite a while I 'm not sure that they would even work on the older style cabinets ... Anyway , these are n't worth returning , because it would cost me more than they are worth to send them back . I guess I 'm going back to rubber bands for a bit until I can track down a set of the magnetic-key style latches locally -LRB- I 've been told they usually work . -RRB-
 The locked worked well for a while although you have to push the tab in rather forcefully to allow the arm to swing . However after a few months of operation the locking tab broke off , I suppose from fatigue from pushing it over and over again.I will be looking for another solution , I wo n't buy this version again .
 Pretty easy to install - took less than 15 minutes . The build quality is very poor . The whole assembly is made from very cheap and flimsy plastic , and considering that you 'll be constantly putting pressure and twisting the mechanism to unlock , there is no doubt in my mind that it wo n't last long . Personally , I found the lock very hard to open . I often times found myself having to use two hands and fiddle with it just to unlock it . After about 5 tries I was frustrated and used enough force to pull the screws out of the cabinet . I just installed the Safety 1st Tot-Lok and it works great - I know they are a bit more expensive but I 'd recommend it over this product any day .
 Are you kidding me ? These are nothing special just a little plain pouch you could literally sow yourself . Plus it has velcro so stuff can get inside it is not very sealed and you want diapers to remain a little sanitary at least I do . Any cosmetic case that size such as Ju Ju Be Be quick for less money has more function such as pockets and wristlet ect . This is nothing . I seriously ca n't believe people buy these for that much . I would not recommend it for this price .
 I recieved the tubing with the off-white connectors on one end , and the raw edges on the other . This was my third try at purchasing replacement tubing on Amazon , and I just keep getting the wrong thing and having to deal with a huge hassle . I usually go to Amazon for everything , but there seems to be a screwup in their system regarding these tubes . Really irritating !
 I just called Medela and they are sending me new tubing free of charge . The fabulous customer service rep was great about specifying what type of tubing I needed replaced . Easy as pie !
 I ordered 2 sets and they were n't the right tubing . I did purchase my pump prior to the date listed , but this did not fit correctly and when I tried it , a piece of my pump broke . Now I have to buy a brand new pump b/c mine is ruined .
 I followed the advice of the previous poster and called the Medela 800 number -LRB- 800-435-8316 -RRB- . They are shipping me a complimentary set of tubing today !
 If your tubes gets liquid/condensation in them , just run the pump with nothing attached to the tubes until dry . This is how Medela says to dry the tubing . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I actually got the advanced in style pump used from a close friend but was told I should order all the replacement parts new . After reading these reviews I also called Medela 's 800 number -LRB- told them I got it as a shower gift & accidentally melted the tube in microwave -RRB- and they 're sending me a free pair ! Of course , after a slight lecture that the tubes do not need to be sterilized . Thanks to all the Amazon reviewers for this tip and saving me the $ !!!
 This product does the job but it is not the original tubing that comes with the Medela products . This tubing is thinner -LRB- lower grade -RRB- .
 The same 800 number the others called , then pressed 0 . Very cool ! Thanks for the suggestion !
 The product I received -LRB- two sets of two tubes -RRB- did not appear to be new . As these tubes can harbor dangerous bacteria , I was disgusted to find that the tubes I received were not in original Medela packaging , -LRB- but rather in generic plastic bags -RRB- and appeared to be used . One package had a short , fine dark hair which could be human or animal , and the other had a few longer dark strands of hair that were definitely human . DISGUSTING . I gave them one star only because zero stars was not an option !
 I called Medela and asked how I could get tubing made by them for the first generation Pump in Style.They sent them to me for free -LRB- including free shipping . -RRB-
 I took the suggestion of the other reviewers that said they got these free and I have a pair coming to me as well from Medela ... Save the money and call their 1-800 number and get a free pair ...
 Followed the advice of the other reviewers for this item and called 1800-435-8316 . They 're sending it to me for FREE !
 Per other reviewer 's suggestion I tried calling the Medela 1800 # -LRB- 1-800-435-8316 -RRB- and was told at first that they sell the tubes for $ 10 . I tried again the next day and got a different operator and she sent them to me for free . So just try again if you are n't successful at first getting them for free ! By the way , do n't mention that your pump is used -LRB- if it is -RRB- , they will give you a shpeel on FDA regulation and not send you the tubes .
 I , too JUST called the 1-800 number -LRB- I ended up pressing zero because it takes you to local dealers -RRB- and spoke to a rep. She said they would send it out free as a one-time courtesy . Do n't waste your cash !
 Just call Medela and they will send you the replacement tubing - brand new - for free -LRB- including shipping ! -RRB- What a fantastic company !
 Thanks to all the other wonderful reviewer 's advice , I too called the 1-800 Medela number and they are sending me a complimentary set , especially for my machine . Great way to save $ 10 .
 I tried this pillow while nursing my twins , hoping it would make things easier . I used it for about a week before switching back to the boppy . I felt this pillow was really expensive and it was so big . I had a hard time getting ready and adjusting . I was much more successful popping the boppy on to my lap and then double nursing the twins .
 I am so disappointed with this product ! It is definitely better than the boppy though . It angled my daughter perfectly , it is a great idea but the quality was so cheap by the second day it had completely fallen apart . The zipper was `` zipped '' but yet was coming open in the middle and when I went to exchange it they told me they could n't accept it because it had breast milk stains on it . Luckily I learned how to nurse without it , but I 'll never see that money again . I would n't buy it , it 's only something you 'd need in the very beginning and then it would just collect dust anyway ...
 I 'm not sure if I 'm more bummed out by the pillow or the cover , but I bought this cover so I 'd have something to use when my babe barfed ... or worse ... all over my pillow . When I washed the cover some of the inside stitching started to come unraveled . Then when I tried to put the cover on , good god , it was absurd . It actually makes me want to ditch the whole pillow . You need two hands , a good 5 minutes , and a lot of patience to stuff the cheap foam ` pillow ' into the cheap case and zip it up . Mine is still all crooked because after at least 5 full minutes of wrestling with it I just gave up.Oh , and this pillow does NOT have the new velcro buckle . The buckle is the normal style and not as adjustable as the covers for the deluxe pillows .
 This did not fit as pictured in the photo . The standard walker used by my mother has a corner brace that prevents the hook from attaching , so the basket it useless for her purpose . Save the packaging and try the basket after assembly so that you can return it if necessary ; I did n't , so we are out the money and ca n't use the product .
 This product does n't fit all walkers . Would not work on mine . It requires that the front bar of the walker is straight across . My walker has an outward curve . Nothing in the specs said anything about this limitation . Also it was a bit of a hassle to assemble . It 's now in the junk pile and I built my own from a heavy duty cardboard box .
 You ca n't see exactly how this basket fits from the only picture . More pictures should be shown . This basket fits well on the walker with only 1 cross bar . It might not fit on walkers with 2 cross bars . The basket is slanted , not straight up-and-down . So the bottom rear edge of the basket sticks backward into the area of the lower cross bar . Even more importantly , since the bottom rear edge sticks backward like that , the walker can no longer be folded flat . This makes it difficult to fold it and put it in a vehicle .
 As first time parents , I was worried about SIDS . This product helped ease my nerves . We use it during ALL naps and bedtime . I sleep with it next to my bed so that I can hear my son at all times . The light on it is just bright enough to serve as a nightlight for me when I have to get up and tend to him . The signal lights are great for notification while we are watching TV `` a little too loud '' . If we ca n't hear our son crying or struggling , we can `` see '' him . The battery portability and long range is great for roaming in the yard while baby in sleeping inside . The privacy feature helps to eliminate those disturbing cordless phone interruptions . This product is my connection to my son when I 'm not RIGHT next to him . As a paranoid mom , I sleep better knowing that I hear my son 's FIRST cry or struggle . The adjustable volume lets you hear what you want !! A must for paranoid and worried parents . My mother has the cheaper version and battles static all the time . We never have that problem !!
 I have had 3 of those monitors and each has broken down in one way or another . Sure you can call Fisher Price or Mattel to have it replaced but their policy on replacement parts -LRB- monitor or receiver or cords -RRB- is non existent ! They guarantee for one year from the date of purchase not from the replacement date . Graco is a better company and a better monitor .
 If you are planning on using this monitor with batteries ... forget it ! It zaps battery power within weeks -LRB- and I only used it during naptimes -RRB- ; therefore , now I can only use it when both units are plugged in , which severely limits the convenience and choice of locations throughout the house in which to use it . It also does not work when using a cordless phone -LRB- which is all I have -RRB- due to signal interference . The alarm goes off and takes forever to stop -LRB- even after the phone has been hung back up -RRB- . So if you forget to turn it off before you answer the phone you 'll wake the baby up anyways from the sheer noise of it . I am thouroughly disenchated with this product !
 I think Fisher Price has overblown it on this one . Lets just get the basic I can hear my baby from far away rooms in the house problem solved and forget signal lights , code-scrambling and alarms . If I were you shopper , I 'd buy the basic transmitter-monitor product and save the dough . That being said - we own this one and it works just fine and has lasted in a durable way for many months . Fisher Price does have the basics down but appear to be abusing the line-extension approach to marketing its products .
 I really like this monitor . It is extremely sensitive and does n't have an annoying hum like some less expensive monitors . The homes in my neighborhood are pretty close , so I really appreciate the privacy feature . I highly recommend this monitor .
 I am very disappointed with these sheets . They will wear like iron , of that I am sure , but they feel like they are made of iron ! I bought 2 sheets for my grandchild 's crib . When I opened the package , I threw them in the washer -LRB- that 's what I do with new baby things . -RRB- After washing , they are as stiff as boards ! I ca n't imagine an infant being comfortable on these sheets . The bad thing is I 've washed them so now I ca n't return them ! I would n't recommend these crib sheets .
 I bought this carrier before my daughter was born and she at first did not like , I thought she may when she got older ? I have been trying it now that she is 4 months , she is a average weight baby and yet it cuts off circulation to her legs . My husband had her in it with her facing out and I looked at her legs after only 10 minutes and they were literally purple ! She does n't like it , it is horribly hard to get her into , and after seeing what it did to her legs there is no way she is going back in . DO N'T BUY THIS AT ALL !!!!!
 This product is less expensive than several of the others . Now guess I know why . It is very difficult to put on , let alone get the baby into it . My baby screams every time I try to put her in it . Once she 's in , I am so uncomfortable wearing it , I feel like screaming . It 's currenly sitting in a pile to sell at our next yard sale .
 -LSB- ASIN : B00013278Y Infantino Euro Rider in Khaki and Black -RSB- Irrespective of the color and pattern , this product can easily turn dangerous when a buckle unlatches unexpectedly . I gave my daughter one of these for her baby shower . When she used it for the first time , she realized that the major buckles that secure baby did not lock . My granddaughter almost landed on the floor.This is not an isolated case , as I read on the Target web-site that several mothers had similar experiences . Beware .
 I received this as a shower gift . After my son was born , I tried putting him into this when he was a month old . This was too big for him . He screamed both time my husband and I tried to get him into it and when we got him in , it was too large for him . My husband and I both a harder time getting him into this carrier . I definitely would not recommend this carrier if your child is on the smaller size .
 We bought the Infantino carrier , hoping to save money . Big mistake ! This is the most worthless , most uncomfortable carrier around . If you want a carrier , spend the extra money on one of the better brands - Snugli or Baby Bjorn . We ended up buying a Snugli , and we love it . I will never again purchase an Infantino product .
 This product did not work for my baby 's cradle cap . Her hair fell off more when she started using this . Organic coconut oil works better and cheaper I think in moisturizing the scalp and removing the flakes with fine tooth baby comb .
 My daughter did n't really have cradle cap when she was little but at 13 months her scalp was really dry and a bit scaly like cradle cap . After doing some research I decided to try this product . It sounded great , but it really just did n't work for us . Maybe it 's because she has some hair now -LRB- although probably not as much as she should -RRB- , but the cream did not make the cradle cap go away . I was better off just rubbing some olive oil on her head when I have her in the bath . I just hate doing that because her hair looks greasy all the time . She still has a bit of a problem , but now it 's more just dry skin on her scalp as opposed to cradle cap .
 i bought this product desperately for some remedy for my baby 's cradle cap , but i could n't wait so I ended up using the old trick of dousing her head with mineral oil and combing out the scales with a small tooth comb that came in her grooming kit and rinsing it off in her bath . I used the mustela foam shampoo , but SPARINGLY . I realized i should n't wash her scalp too often with shampoo because that just dried up her scalp .
 I put this product on my baby 's scalp and left it overnight just as the instructions said . After 5 applications in a row with each bath , there really was no difference . A gentle scrub with a toothbrush had the same effect .
 Bought this product when my son was only 8wks ... he 's now five months . Have seen no real improvement in his cradle cap , and have given it ample time to work . I like how the product is more creamy than greasy and has no real fragrance . Just disappointed with the results . : -LCB-
 My family purchased this stroller becuase it was promised to be a state-of-the-art side by side stroller that was carrier compatible . It seemed to be the best alternative to the tandem strollers . We were completely fooled . Once you put the carrier on the one side it basically spills into the other seat ! My son was so cramped ! The safety belts are complicated and you have to open and close them 75 times or oil them to get them to open/close easily . The carriage basket is way too small to store any sort of diaper bag . Also - buy a cup holder . There is no where to store a beverage for the parent . It is however light and WILL fit through doorways . In saying that , if I had the ability to return this stroller/carrier and get all of my money back I would do so in a heartbeat . Spend your money elsewhere .
 This is the only side-by-side double stroller that has the option of attaching an infant car seat while leaving the other seat available for another baby/toddler , and it is very lightweight ... This was my dream come true UNTIL I actually tested it in the store!The stroller is incredibly flimsy . It shakes and wobbles -LRB- without a baby -RRB- and was n't sturdy . It seemed to me like a piece of plastic junk . I was VERY disappointed in this stroller.I tested the other higher end double strollers - Peg Perego and McClaren . My recommendation/choice ? Go with the McClaren Rally Twin or McClaren Twin Traveller ... it 's slightly cheaper than the Peg Perego and about the same price as the Combi . It was very sturdy , folded compactly and was overall my favorite - my daughter really enjoyed her test drive in it too . The only thing I did n't like about the McClaren was it does n't come with a snack tray for the kids .
 After months of research , I thought I was purchasing the best double stroller out there . I wanted something that was light weight , 5 point harness and had snack trays . This stroller has all of these items , but it handles so badly , that none of that matters now.Here is what is aweful about this product : Terrible steering.Very rickety movement.The front snack trays are made of rubber which allows kids to push it.Oh , did I mention that you CAN NOT steer this thing.Straps are hard to buckle . Pads on the straps are a joke . We never use them.I wish I would have bought the MacClaren . No snack trays , but excellent handling . Do n't waste your money on this .
 My overall impression so far is negative . The dresser does not scream quality . As of now I can not even put it together because one of the rear panels that was shipped is ~ 1 inch longer than the rest , so that with it installed I can not put the dresser together . Without it , I am afraid , the dresser might be unstable . I ordered the replacement -LRB- themdbfamily.com -RRB- , so if/when it arrives I will update this review.Quality-wise it is nowhere near the Davinci Kalani crib . It is the same price so I wonder if it is due to the lack of regulation . It is hardly more wood than the crib . We were debating between Kalani dresser and Roxanne and went for Roxane because of its smaller size.Drawers
 I bought this chest of drawers because it went with the 3-in-1 crib we had already purchased . We were happy with the crib . Not with this chest.I 'll go ahead and say we did n't even finish unpacking the box . I opened the box -LRB- which arrived from Amazon in great condition -RRB- and saw some flimsy cardboard-like pieces , on top . I could n't figure out why my drawers needed a backing like you get when you buy common book shelves . That could n't be right so I found the instructions and discovered that this `` backing '' was in fact the bottoms of the drawers for this chest . I am not exaggerating when say I had doubts that these drawers would hold simple infant clothes and blankets . So I did n't even finish unpacking the pieces.The color of this chest was great , the drawer fronts looked fine . But I had no confidence that the chest would perform the function for which it was created.So we sent it back , went down the street , and bought a chest from a local retailer . Sure I paid more this way , but I 'm happy with my decision.If you simply have no other option -LRB- I 've had little money to spare many times -RRB- , go a head with this chest of drawers . But if there 's any other way you can put a little more money towards something of higher quality , do that.This product is n't worth the money they are asking for it .
 We own two Recaro Young Sport car seat and for the past year we have noticed that on both seats the foam liner on either side of the head rest is crumbling apart.We notified Recaro about the problem and how it may be a safety issue.Their resolution to this problem was to send us two replacement foam liners and instructionson how to hot glue them -LRB- Yes , they want us to use hot melt glue -RRB- in our home . I am not makingthis up , I have email correspondence from Recaro North America customer support stating thatthey will not take the seats back and that the only thing they will do is send us some foam linersand have us do the work on our own.This is suppossedly a high quality german car seat manufacturer and when I read their resolution to this issue I was in total disbelief . In essence what their telling us is that yes you do have a faulty head rest system and we should do the repair on our own >> On such a safety conscious industry this hardly seems like a proper method of repair especially since it 's hot glue and we 're not experts at taking the seat apart and doing the repair reliably.DO NOT BUY RECARO CHILDREN CAR SEATS!I am in the process of submitting a child safety complaint to the NHTSA so they can take action on this manufacturer.I hope this helps those that are trying to decide on finding a safe and reliable children car seat.Oscar
 I bought this seat because it was one of the few that would fit in the narrow rear seat of a BMW convertible . And yes , I did also buy it because of Recaro 's racing history . But in the end , it did not live up to the reputation of the name.The materials , fit and finish are mediocre . The materials feel cheap and you can see the backing at the seam edges . The real problem comes with the fit and finish of the plastic . Because of a large seam between the bottom and the back , the yoke -LRB- the piece of metal connecting the two belts with the center strap -RRB- gets stuck . It can give you the impression that the belts are tight , but they are not . This is very dangerous in case of an accident . The other problem is the A-lock -LRB- the center strap lock -RRB- . Due to loose tolerances , the center strap gets stuck between the lock and the edge of the lock . This prevents the lock from releasing when you need to loosen the belts . Now you have to struggle to release the belts trying not to hit the poor kid stuck in the seat . Plus that the center strap gets fraid .
 I read a ton of reviews and was impressed with the feedback of the Recaro Young Sport almost to the point of suspicion . Are these folks so blown away that so many 5 stars are given for a product as subjective as a kid 's car seat ? Many of the reviews were generalized and not helpful to me making up my mind based on facts from current owners . I wo n't claim they seemed like paid-for marketing because I do n't know how that can be done , but I do wonder . I did actually make the purchase and it arrived today . The first thing I noticed was that there was no `` cushy '' foam in the back and only about 1/2 '' in the seat . All I could feel was the hard plastic behind the fabric after I removed the instruction manual . So much for `` energy absorbing foam '' the other top seat makers flaunt ... . there is none here ! 2nd , it does not recline as mentioned . It has a base with a 1-2 degree tilt ... thats it ! A recline to me is 20-30 degrees at least . I have yet to take my daughter for a long road trip in this disappointing , highly hyped car seat and maybe never will .
 It is rediculous they would put something like this out for sale . You can not see a darn thing around you . A waste of money . We ended up sending it back because my son could not see anything .
 This carseat is not stable and unsafe . It can be rocked by hand and if your child leans too much it can tilt on it 's side . What would force from impact in an accident cause . A latch would help tremendously . We were disappointed as it looked comfortable and read well as a safe seat . NO matter how we worked the straps it could not secure our 3 year old.Unfortunately return was a poor experience . IF you want to try it purchase only one seat at a time -LRB- if you have two cars -RRB- you pay return if disatisfied . We will return to other carseat companies that stand behind customer satisfaction and security . Safety first , Eddie Bauer 3in 1 keep up the good work !
 I bought this to use for my barely two year old , weighing 30 lbs . Four months into the seat the styrofoam on the headrest side piece has fallen apart inside the fabric , so when I removed the cover the styrofoam was all over the place . I ca n't believe the safety of the seat is not compromised , and have found many many reports from other parents of the same exact thing happening to them ! I feel there should be a recall on these seats , as I am now out $ 200 and will have to run out using a babysitter to buy a Britax -LRB- I guess ! -RRB- . I did so much research on this seat and am so disappointed that so many other women 's complaints were too buried for me to find in my research . I would not have bought it if I had known of this issue , and the customer service has been awful !
 Do not buy this ! First time I ordered it the chest came in broken and banged up in many places , so I sent it back and requested a replacement . the second chest arrived in OK -LRB- not excellent -RRB- condition . After spending some time putting it together -- several of the screws and screw holes were defective -- it looked pretty good . the chest is very pretty and would be great if it was used as a display item only . Here is why : -- The lid is way too heavy and when it slams down , which it does , it is so loud that my , far from shy , 2 yo son burst into tears -- it is very deep , my son who is in 97 % in height could not get the toys from the bottom of it -- And most importantly , the edges are super sharp , my son scratched himself several times in the first -LRB- and only -RRB- day of playing with it
 I like the sounds and the cute stuffed animal but it stops after 45 min ! I need something to go all night . I live in a small house so I need to drown out the noise my 3-year old makes . Just make one that does n't turn off !!
 We were excited to get the Sleep Sheep after reading all of the positive reviews here . The sheep itself was cute and very easy to operate . We used it several times a day for naps and bedtime and it worked great ... for about three weeks . Then the sound started to cut out , and eventually died entirely . I thought it must be the battery so I changed the battery . No change.The sound would work for a few seconds , or sometimes even a minute or two , and then would cut out unexpectedly . We found the sound worked better on some settings -LRB- the whale noises -RRB- rather than others . Sometimes if we fiddled with the volume , we could get it to work for longer . Other times , nothing we did could get the sounds to play for more than a second or two.After a couple of weeks , we just gave up . I was really disappointed , because otherwise we thought it was a great product .
 The 45 minutes timer is a joke . And it is VERY quiet . Very cute , but far from perfect . I would recommend investing into any radio with white noise selection , an iPod dock or a cd player would be a nice bonus , as your kid can use this radio even after he/she outgrows the light sleeper phase .
 The problem is that I do n't want it to stop at 45 minutes . I would rather have the option to stop NEVER ! At least , to leave it going for at least eight hours . Because sometimes , when it stops abruptly after one of its preset number of minutes , baby wakes up . And that 's frustrating . I ca n't believe they would not give you the option to run for a full sleep cycle , basically .
 This item is cute and portable . However , it does nothing to help my son get to sleep . It is effective in helping him stay asleep , until it stops . If it had a continuous function it would be good , but as soon as the 45 minutes runs out , he 's awake . Save your money ...
 This item is a WONDERFUL idea , and the on-the-go model is the perfect size for home -LRB- I do n't know who would need the size of the original , larger sleep sheep - it 's enormous -RRB- and travel , but it has two key flaws :1 -RRB- there is n't a continuous play mode !! There are only two timed options , then the sound turns off . My newborn needed the sound maintained continuously to STAY asleep , not just to FALL asleep . Thus , we would have to keep pressing the button over and over , waking up ourselves when the sound would turn off to keep her from waking up - beyond annoying .2 -RRB- the travel -LRB- `` on-the-go '' -RRB- model does not have the heartbeat sound like the full size model does - why ? Otherwise , the sounds are the same as the full size model -LRB- waves , rain and whales -RRB- . As the heartbeat is a KEY sound to have for a newborn , why on earth would THAT be the sound they substituted out on the travel model for a redundant `` gentle stream '' sound -LRB- could it be to get you to buy both sizes ?!? -RRB- ? I gave it two stars because everything else is so wonderful and it has so much potential to be a fabulous product : -- the sheep is adorable , soft , and it is great to be able to hang it from ANYWHERE with the velcro loop . Plus , it is battery operated , which is a huge blessing -LRB- batteries are pre-installed , and are very long lasting - we did not replace ours over three + months of use -RRB- . -- the way the sound `` machine '' is removable from the body of the sheep is ingenious . This way , you can wash the sheep and reinsert the machine when dry . -- LOVE the volume control
 While I would love to give this more starts , mine broke less than a month after I purchased it . The sounds though are quite soothing to a baby but the durablity is questionable .
 my daughter slept with this for 4 months all the time then it suddenly started making weird noises like the batteries run out . we changed the batteries , but there were n't the cause of the problem .
 I am an expectant mom . I have n't used it yet . I just opened the box . I like the softness of the toy . However , the storybook mentioned on the box is missing .
 Pros : cutecuddlyattaches to crib or infant carseatCons : not loud enough !! -LRB- it 's okay in a quiet room but not out and about , which is what I wanted it for -RRB- wo n't play all night long -LRB- this is what i needed to make it useful on vacation -RRB- all in all it is not useful for what i wanted it for which was 1 . on the carseat and 2 . travelbummer . wanted to love it !
 You ca n't leave this on for more than 23 or 45 minutes . If you could leave it on for more than 45 minutes I think it would help create a better environment for a baby to stay asleep or soothe him/herself back to sleep when s/he wakes after 30-45 minutes . Why not just have an `` On '' setting ? Pretty silly design flaw
 The sounds do n't totally sound like what they are supposed to . Also my 1 yr . old , who loves stuffed animals , wanted nothing to do with it at all .
 This is the worst music/soothiing toy we have purchased.We have many as our daughter loves music and ocean sounds , but this one is horrible , i would not recommend this to anyone . It make for a cute stuffed animal and thats about it .
 I thought this would be perfect for my granddaughter and it was for a few hours ... and then the sound machine stopped working . A waste of money ...
 Very disappointed , do not buy !!! My little daughter loved this thing . We used it every night for 3 month 's until it suddenly stopped working in the middle of the night . We changed the batteries and followed the troubleshooting suggestions on cloud b 's website and nothing worked .
 I was so excited to get this product -- I live in a small apartment , and I was hoping it could stand in for a larger white noise machine . I did n't realize that there is no continuous play option for the sounds !! -LRB- Should have read the reviews first . -RRB- Its either 23 or 45 minutes , and then the sound abruptly turns off - does n't even fade out . The abrupt turn off actually woke my daughter up ! I 'm so disappointed in this , and it would otherwise be such a great product .
 If this had a contiuous play option , I would say this is the greatest baby item ever invented.But it does n't . My baby fell asleep a lot easier with the soothing ocean sound but needed the sound on to stay asleep . We lost several good nights and ruined a few naps before we figured out what was going on . It 's a great idea but we 're just going to buy a sound machine for the baby 's room and get rid of this .
 We owned the original size sleep sheep when my now-5 year old was born , and although we liked the product fine , it was n't a must-have . When my youngest son -LRB- now 5 months old -RRB- started showing signs of colic , we bought the travel version hoping that it would help him to at least rest a little while we were out and about . The product has all kinds of technical difficulties - there 's a timer that 's supposed to allow the sound to play for either 25 or 45 minutes . Does n't work . The machine frequently shuts off after a few minutes , usually right as the baby is about to go to sleep which of course wakes him back up . Also , I often have trouble getting it to play at all and have to fiddle for 5 minutes with the volume knob and trying different buttons to get it to start . It 's not the batteries because we change them constantly . Just a faulty unit , I 'm sure but for $ 25 I expected better .
 After trial and error with soothing and trying to get my baby down for naps and bedtime without crying and upset , I recently purchased the Sleep Sheep on the Go . Reviews had stated that the regular one was a bit large and we did n't feel we needed the heartbeat for my 16 month old . We love the sounds although the Whale recording is a short loop and not as good as we had hoped . The problem is that the one we received does not shut off automatically at the 23 or 45 minute intervalls . It also stopped working altogether and this happened the same day it arrived . I am requesting a replacement but we are disappointed in its workmanship as my baby just loves her Sleep Sheep !
 I got this cute set for my baby shower because I had heard wonderful things about it . The little sheep is very cute , but small in size . The little music adaptor slips in and out of the sheep and sometimes falls out , but that is not what I did n't like about it.The problem with it is that I can barely hear the sounds . You have only 4 choices and even when I turn the volume up to max , the baby can barely hear it . The sounds get drowned by the baby 's kicking and cooing.It 's definitely not worth buying , however , the blanket that cloud b offers might be good as compared to the sheep.I am thinking of using the sheep myself while doing yoga or something to create a calm environment.Hope this helps !
 We love the sleep sheep . Unfortunately its totally useless without an indefinitely play feature . Baby wakes up when the sound turns off .
 I rarely ever write reviews but I felt I needed to this time . Registered for the sleep sheep and received as a gift at my baby shower . My son loved this thing . We used it every night for a month until it suddenly stopped working in the middle of the night . We changed the batteries and followed the troubleshooting suggestions on cloud b 's website and nothing worked . I had to download a white noise app before my son awoke from his slumber . Very disappointed ! Do not buy . Download a free white noise app instead and save your money .
 I wanted to order this as a gift for a new baby but contrary to the purpose and the photos provided , the warning states that it is not for children under age 3 . This makes no sense .
 I was hoping this would be the answer to our prayers and bought the full-sized and the travel-sized Sheep for our baby . Two things that make this not so great for us
 The 7-drawer dresser I purchased has a manufacturer 's flaw , which means the four top drawers do not square . It makes opening the drawers below difficult , but MORE IMPORTANTLY it makes the piece look like a cheap piece of junk , because the drawers angle inward . -LRB- The center vertical piece is about 0.25 inches too short , which is why the drawers dip towards the center . -RRB-
 Thinking that Amazon or DaVinci would have corrected their color labeling mistake by now -LRB- see previous reviewer 's comment about the `` white '' dresser -RRB- , we ordered this dresser for our nursery . As soon as the 100 + lb box arrived , I knew we 'd be sending it back . The box was labeled ` Antique White ' , as a previous reviewer noted -LRB- months ago -RRB- . I did open the box to compare the color of the dresser to the other white furniture we have in the nursery . Not even close . I ca n't comment on the quality of the dresser itself , as I made no effort to assemble it .
 The pink and purple pictured in the Tropical Seas are not accurate . The set is more like stained or lightly painted wood . The purple makes the legs look dark purple . The pink stain makes the drawers look sort of pink , but you call still see the wood underneath . The picture shows even bright color throughout and it 's not like that in person . I am disappointed with the appearance of this desk as compared with the picture . There were no directions for the chair in my box and you have to drill your own holes and get creative to put both the desk and chair together . Not a novice project .
 This desk arrived in a very beat up box . Sure enough , when I opened it , the desk had a serious ding in the hardwood top and two of the drawers were busted . The ad states that this is a hardwood product , but that is misleading . All of the drawers are made with press wood , and the two that were broken split where the press wood was stapled together . Cheap ! Also , the instructions are terribly simplistic and I had parts that were mislabeled . It took me twice as long as it should to put it together because the instructions were so bad . There is also a butterfly accessory that is supposed to be mounted on the back stop , but there was no hole pre-drilled for mounting it , nor was it even mentioned in the instructions . Finally , the pink color is not really pink as the picture shows . All in all , this desk is a poor value and should be priced about half what it is for what you get .
 It 's such a shame , this desk . It is marketed as a `` quality product ... made with sustainable hard wood with a natural finish and stained ... and varnished ... '' . It is hard wood and it is a natural finish stained and varnished , but the problem is the quality . I decided the other reviewers with problems were just unlucky . After receiving this item twice , I think you 'd be lucky to get a good one.The first desk had shipping issues . UPS obviously overlooked the fragile and this end up notices . There was a large hole in the top of the box that had been patched . I later figured out not only had it been patched , but the box top and been removed , the top layer of styrofoam had been swapped end to end and replaced , and quite possibly whoever did this left their box cutter in the box , because there was one loose in it when I opened it . The major damage from shipping was that the corner of the top was hit and basically smashed.On top of that , one drawer front was detached completely . One cleat between the desk top and side was broken in half with one half attached and one half loose . One bag of hardware was missing . Another drawer front was split but still attached . Getting the picture ? The shipping was poor , but that does n't explain it all . So , I sent that one back and asked for a replacement.The second one arrived in better shape . Naturally , UPS left it standing on an end leaning against my window . But , there were far fewer holes in the box . I was optimistic . Here 's what was wrong with this one . Same drawer front -LRB- in the row -RRB- was detached from the drawer . Drawer back of same drawer was also detached . Desk top corner damaged -LRB- same exact corner because there is only cardboard protecting it and just about zero chance the shipper is n't going to stand it on an end at some point -RRB- . A chair rail was broken all the way through . The desk back , the piece that stands as a backstop at the rear of the desk top , was split on the bottom where the dowel hole was . That dowel was broken in half . Also , the finial/decorative pieces were just plain missing . The cardboard container the first box had them in was there , but the pieces were n't in it.On the plus side , no outgassing . Which makes it all the more shameful that they could n't get it right . The desk I 'm typing this at is very similar to the `` Magic '' one in that it 's a put it together yourself thing that weighs a lot and is shipped in a box . It came in the crappiest cardboard an styrofoam that practically disintegrated on contact . And yet , because of HOW it was packaged , there was not a scratch anywhere . The `` Magic '' desk could be a good product . It is let down in manufacturing and packaging . Now our supposedly eco-friendly desk is two piles of trash and a lot of wasted fuel , time , and energy from here to Thailand.If you have a suggestion for a girl 's desk that is made of hard wood and does n't outgas , feel free to add that to the comments since we still do n't have a desk .
 I ordered this because I liked the colors and design in the pictures . However , it came with a missing back-support for the chair and the decoration fish . I ordered a replacement and that too was missing the chair piece . Moreover , the replacement set had colors that were distinctly faded/washed as compared to the first one . The first one also had a repaired joist -LRB- for want of a better word -RRB- underneath the table top . I have pictures that I will upload once I figure out how.The packaging had styrofoam that was aching to crumble . Made a mess at my house entrance . I was sorely disappointed since I had great expectations , having liked the design and colors so much . I wish they would put in just a little more effort . This can be a big seller.I must say though that Amazon customer service is amazingly good . I am a Prime member and the only inconvenience I faced was the effort I put in to repack everything .
 We returned this product . Amazon was great about refunding our money . Fisher-Price customer support was not so great . The belts on the booster were assembled incorrectly and they insisted that 's the way they were supposed to be but the seat was not functional . The woman on the phone was rude and not helpful at all . Also , for a booster seat intended for use through the toddler years it is n't very big . My daughter is n't fat but she is n't a petite baby and she would only be able to use this booster for a few months . The tray was difficult to use . The toy was cute but not worth and extra 20 bucks . After returning this booster we bought a much better one from Safety First and we 're very pleased with it . Do n't waste your money on this booster !
 Be careful because you do n't get what is described . I ordered this one because the description said I would get 2 bonus bottles . I did not get the bonus bottles so I contacted Amazon since , at the time , Amazon fulfilled the order . They said they could only refund the money but if I reordered , I should get what was described . I then contacted the company it was sent from , Greencupboards , but they said they could n't help me as Amazon shipped the item . I returned the sterilizer and reordered . I still did n't get the 2 bottles so I returned it again . Amazon still said that they did n't know what happened . Very disappointed .
 This is an unnecessary bulky item that you wo n't have room for in your kitchen . We could never return it and it just took up room in the kitchen . We never used it , either . We just put all the bottles in the dishwasher . If we had to sterilize something , we used the Medela sterilizing microwave bags .
 I received this product a few weeks ago . The bottom of the potty and the step stool which can be stored underneath are both severely bulged which makes the seat very wobbly . I called customer service and the rep acted like it was the strangest thing and immediately sent out a replacement ... which had the SAME problem . I called again and this rep said that rather than send the entire seat again , he would send little foot pads . -LRB- I was not happy about this option since the step stool still `` pops '' when stood on and I 'm sure my son wo n't like that -RRB- Today I received a package with some random piece that does n't even resemble a piece from this potty chair . I sent an email to customer service -LRB- their phone system is closed at an unusually early hour -RRB- explaining the situation and demanding resolution ASAP ! I 'm just glad I bought a chair WAY before my son is `` old enough '' to be potty trained . I gave it 2 stars because it has a lot of included features that make it stand out from other potty chairs and I think if I got one that did n't wobble I would absolutely love it!It includes a bottle of Johnson 's Buddies foaming hand wash along with a coupon for $ 1 off another bottle . It does have a spot for flushable wipes -LRB- have n't bought any to see if they fit yet -RRB- , and for toilet paper -LRB- which stores in the chair if you do n't want them to have their own roll - a very good idea for young children who like to TP the bathroom every chance they get ! -RRB- The lid removes easily and also replaces easily . I would prefer that it did n't remove so easily , but that may just be me . The boys deflector shield is not built-in . It attaches to the underside of the cushioned seat . It seems to me like it may be prone to breaking with frequent use if the boy is n't gentle with it , but it may hold up better than I think . Girls can simply leave it off.I will update this review when I hear back from customer service and -LRB- hopefully ! -RRB- get a potty chair that my son can actually use!UPDATE
 We bought this potty for my 2 year old and thought it would be a good choice for her . I was so wrong ! There are so many peices which is a blast for my 2 year old to take apart that is n't even my problem . The darn thing is a pain to clean if she is n't sitting on it perfectly and pees sometimes it goes into the bottom of the potty which is n't flat has a bunch of little dividers in the bottom . Its hard for her to sit on correctly its tall and she is in the 75 percentile for height . We do n't even bother with the blue part that goes around the bottom it just adds more height and we took the lid off because it kept falling and hitting her back when he used the potty . I am sorry we paid the money for this worthless potty go with some thing a little simplier .
 The toilet is in three parts , the seat , the tub that holds the pee , and the unit that it all fits into . The pee gets into the very bottom of the toilet and it is very difficult and awkward to clean it up . It 's really gross .
 I appreciate the versatility of this potty and the soft cushioned seat . However , the cushioned seat becomes permanently stained the instant it comes in contact with the smallest amount of poo . It is bound to happen , folks . Very poor selection of materials .
 This is my third son and my third training potty this is the worst potty I have yet . Having three sons we always need the deflector which does n't stay in place even if you do n't touch it , which any little boy will be touching . The bowl sits in an bigger bowl but the sides dont meet and little boys who pee sitting pee into the bigger bowl , which is not easy to get apart to empty , creates a giant mess . Very nice soft seat otherwise a nightmare . Mother of three and all were potty trained early this is not helping this child .
 I do n't have anything good to say about this potty chair . It i so messy and stinky . Somehow when my son pees it gets into every crease and crevice . Pee even gets into the well under the pot as well as outside of the potty too . Even when you clean it after every use it STINKS . The soft foam seat acts as a sponge and soaks up the pee . It still smelss like urine after cleaning it with bleach . While we used this potty my bathroom smelled like a nasty public restroom . My advice would be to by a potty chair with the least amount of seams like the Baby Bjorn products . Beleive me I have tried several different types of potty chairs and rings . 4 in all . So far I like the Baby Bjorn Trainer that goes on the regular toilet the best but if my son was just starting out I would get him the Baby Bjorn stand alone until he was ready to transition to the trainer that goes on the regular toilet . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS POTTY CHAIR . Good luck !
 I bought this potty for my son , and now he is in the process of potty training , I really dont like this seat ... It is just way to small , he is average size 2-1/2 years old ... I gave 2 stars for the toilet paper , and wipe holder but we never use it ... More recommend fischer-price , froggy potty ...
 This seat is hard to clean and the pee leaks into the bottom and all around the sides . Plus the seat cushion gets cracks in the plastic and pee soaks into the seat cushion itself which as you can guess stinks and is impossible to clean.Its going in the trash unfortunately since there are no replacement seat cushions available .
 Looks great . Love that it has a soft seat and lid with toilet paper holder -LRB- and supposedly the seat can go on a `` big potty '' too ? -RRB- . But shield or no shield , pee sprays or splashes out nearly every time my son uses it , either onto the floor or his underwear , or down into the bottom of the potty / NOT into the pan like it 's supposed to ! Just a bad design . And it has so many nooks and crevices it is hard to clean!We have loved this one
 My 3-year-old loves his potty . But if he 's not sitting exactly right , and he 's usually not , then the pee goes everywhere . The removable bucket that is supposed to catch the pee only catches about half of it , the rest is on his pants , and mostly inside the potty under and around the bucket - which is a pain to clean up , and it 's just a really stupid design flaw .
 First on we got was defective and we had to trade parts between the originally purchased item and the replacement to create a good potty for my then 18 month old daughter . Things went well until just before she turned 2 . I guess she has outgrown it -LRB- which should n't happen at 2 years old -RRB- because she needs sit all the way back and have exactly perfect posture to avoid peeing under the seat and down the side of the pot into the base of the unit . She also has to change position when she needs to poop . Its all too discouraging for a child her size -LRB- 27 lbs -RRB- who might just be starting out . She gets very upset when she makes a mess due to the whole production of having to take the whole thing apart and cleaning it . I think the idea of this potty was a good one but the design was just not thought through properly . I would not recommend it .
 I bought adapter for a Graco SnugRide 35 car seat and was very disappointed . It did n't work.I could not lock it in and if I push extremely hard to lock it unlocking is just impossible.I found the way to fix it because I like the stroller very much and a car seat is good but it seems to me that this adapter was not intend to work with that car sear model .
 Lots of blankets are soft , but if you 're buying an difficult to find color like this , you probably want exactly the color pictured . I know I did . It 's not at all the vibrant orange shown ... more like the color of an orange flavored Sweet Tart or maybe a vitamin C chewable ... They should take a new picture .
 I own and love the Revolution stroller . However , I bought an insert at TJ Maxx the other week for $ 7.00 . It looks practically the same with the soft sherpa material and reversible . It may not line the ENTIRE seat but it does the job . It covers him where he sits and it 's also longer for the legs as it drops down just a little in front . So , I 'd have to say that this item must be overpriced for it 's function . You can find something cheaper . Save your money . Look elsewhere .
 I received this stroller a week ago and I am very disappointed . Initially it looked great and I was very happy about my purchase . I assembled the stroller without particular problem but from the first day it was very hard to push like the wheels were stiff or something . The wheels do n't roll properly even in flat ground and it is absolutly impossible to push this one handed -LRB- with my 9 months older -RRB- . The next day I decided to give it another try with my son -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- and it was even worse . The stroller felt like we were pushing a broken shopping cart , it ' s extremely hard to push also with two hands and when we try to turn on the streets only two wheels stay on the ground.In conclusion I loved the features provides on this stroller , the soft fabric and the large seat but those are the extras and first of all I need something with which to bring my kids around easily every day ! Finally , the description says 14 lb but I feel like it is more heavier.In conclusion , I had more than ten strollers since my first kid was born and I have to say this is so far the worst .
 This is an attractive sturdy stroller -LRB- LOVE the UV shade ! -RRB- , unfortunately the rough ride on concrete and arduous opening and closing is a deal breaker for me . It now stays at grandmas.If you really are considering this stroller , I would say it works best for short walks or as an extra lightweight on hand -LRB- stores flat or stands upright -RRB- but I would not recommend it unless you can find a deal under $ 100 .
 I bought a Zooper Hula in 2007 . I can not begin to tell you how sorry I am . You can not access the basket if the seat is reclined at all . The seat does NOT recline flat . . or even close ! One of the handles broke within 3 months and no longer extends ; mind you this is with light usage !! It folds up , but it is very bulky and barely fits behind the seats of my Ford Explorer . The rubber on the handles wore quickly as well . The frame became somewhat crooked from folding and unfolding - which was not often because it was usually kept in the garage ... All of this is irritating , but the stroller still usable until the actual bottom frame of the stroller broke . My son unfolded it from the back of the car and it snapped . Unbelievable - he is obviously not strong enough one would think , but the product is so poorly made that it broke . GOOD RIDDANCE !! As for Zooper customer service - the other reviewer was correct . After sending a picture they said oh well , sorry ... . ie yes its a crummy product and theres nothing we can or want to do about it . Unbelievable . Moral - DONT BUY A ZOOPER !!!
 I purchased a different Zooper stroller after looking at many better known brands , but am posting here as I 've been very disappointed with this brand . Zooper comes with a lot of included `` extras '' - better canopies , rain covers , sleeping bag attachment , it stands when collapsed , it 's fully reclining , etc. . However , the Zooper is rather poorly made . The second time I ever used it , the canopy piece totally came apart , and screws and other little pieced went flying all over my kitchen as I was opening it . Zooper replaced the piece , but I had to pay for part of the shipping . The 5 point harness system feels cheap and uncomfortable . I rarely used the stroller when my daughter was a newborn because I found it easier to put her in a baby carrier . It 's much more convenient than lugging a stroller outside and putting her in it . So in the end , the fact that it was fully reclining was of little use to me . While I wanted the extras like the rain cover and sleeping bag attachment , I 've never used them , even after having the product a year . I live in a city with good public transportation , so we do n't have a car , and so I assumed I 'd be relying on the stroller to get around often . However , when it 's cold and rainy , I would rather take my daughter out well-covered in a baby carrier than put her in a stroller with a rain cover . So those extra features have n't been so useful . And finally , just a few months after purchasing the Zooper , I noticed that the rubber covering on the handles started to wear out and crack . I 've only used the Zooper about a dozen times in the past year , and now , a year later , it 's very worn and cracked . Customer service said they do not replace that piece . In short , I am unhappy with the purchase and the poor quality of this stroller does not make up for all the little extras included with the purchase . I had hoped that this purchase would last me several years and more than one kid . Unfortunately , I do n't think it will last me much longer . I advise you stick with better known brands that have proven they can last much longer .
 I bought this stroller in Waltz model that was made in 2007 . After less than a year of normal use , the canopy started to slide off so my husband had to zip tie it on . Then a few months later the bracket for the foot rest broke off . I paid almost $ 300 for this `` top of the line '' stroller and all I got was garbage ! To make matters worse , I called zooper for customer service and they basically told me `` too bad '' . They wo n't cover any of it , wo n't send me a replacement part . The guy barely spoke English and was not helpful at all . Stay away from any zooper products ! You will get ripped off and pay for something that is going to extremely disappoint you . Graco products are so much better for your money .
 I really like this shopping cart bag EXCEPT that the zipper that holds this bag together -LRB- when not in use -RRB- broke after 2 uses . Since the 2nd use happened after the end of the 30 day return policy AND since I had already used the product -LRB- of course I did ! how else would it break ? -RRB- the seller would not accept a return . BabyAge was the seller I purchased through on Amazon and I DO NOT RECOMMEND THEM . The product of course also was at fault so I also contacted BuggyBagg and after a couple voicemails & emails to them , I did not receive a return call or return email .
 The item was not packaged properly and was sticking out of the box upon arrival . I was very disappointed in Amazon for selling a product in such a way .
 I ordered it , I waited one week , then two weeks , I complained about no delivery , they said it was UPS 's fault for losing the package , they said they reshipped it again , it never arrived . I wound up disappointed , and claimed for my money back.Rather sad .
 This looks like a nice functional product and was perfectly sized for what I needed , however , after researching on Tupperware 's website I found that it -LRB- along with many other tupperware products -RRB- is not BPA free . If you care about such things , as I do , then I do n't recommend this product and would look into all other Tupperware products that you intend to use to feed your family .
 I was dissapointed with this one because the compartments were a little too small . I do n't even use this item for myself . If the bowl was a little deeper , it would work fine ; but I just keep it for the babies when they come over . They do n't like their food to touch each other they do n't eat much so this works out for them .
 Like another reviewer said , the lids are too small for the plate . I just spent five minutes trying to force the lid to close , hoping that I could get some use out of them , to no avail . -LRB- I have another one that I purchased as part of the full set . That one is AWESOME , which was why I wanted two more . -RRB-
 I was really excited for these tupperware dishes to arrive and when they finally did , I realized that the lids were too small and you could n't close the plates . Obviously , they were defected . Amazon was very helpful though and sent me a return address slip so I would n't have to pay for the actual return , but still , what a pain ! I just wanted to use these plates .
 Like many of the other smaller framed moms , I did not find the babysling to be comfortable for either me or my baby . It was much to bulky and in order to adjust it anywhere near my size I had a huge strap hanging behind my shoulder and there was no comfortable way for my baby to rest in it . I would take it out of the box and try it on first before purchasing . If your small framed , do n't bother !
 I was so frustrated after trying to use this sling for weeks . I tried several positions for my 1 month old , and couldnt get a comfortable fit for me or my baby . The cradle position squished her neck and head . I tried the upright position -LRB- her chest against mine -RRB- , but couldnt tighten the sling enough to hold her in . The major problem is the padding , which does n't allow the wearer to tighten it enough . And , I could n't tighen it while wearing it . I had to constantly take it off and adjust it over and over . Overall a huge headache . I returned the thing !
 OK , so it 's better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick , but this sling is the worst one I 've ever tried . There are so many better models out there , like the OTSBH , Maya Wrap , and others too numerous to mention . Essentially , the rails are waaayyy too padded , so it 's uncomfortable for both mom and baby . And it 's sized really strangely . Some of the reviews say it 's not built for a short person . Well , I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and it 's not built for me , either , or my 6 ' 2 '' husband , for that matter . I would look on the web for other slings with less padding , or padding on the shoulder but not on the rails . They cost a little more , but you 'll use them day in and day out . This one will end up sitting under the couch , unused -LRB- according to everyone I know who has one -- they have no resale value on Ebay , either -RRB- . Plus , the dyes used in the fabric stank horribly until I washed it several times . A minor point , but also annoying.My son lasted all of 4 days in it before we both got sick of it.Don ' t waste your money . Spend a little more to get a better sling in the first place.Slings are great , but this one is n't .
 I bought this babysling after reading about it in Dr. Sears ' book . My daughter was 2 months old and fussy ! Nothing seemed to work . I was desperate ! Since the babysling was adjustable I thought it would fit all body types ... not ! I am of average height but on the slimmer side . It gave me alot of shoulder and back pain . I rate this a one star because I found one use for it ... I use it tied around my torso to carry my daughter on my back with the slight support of my hands . Back carrying is a bit tricky so do n't try it alone ! I think baby slings are great but not this one is not for me . If you are slimmer than average , try the New Native baby carrier . It 's portable and comes in different sizes .
 I could not figure out how this thing works and my baby looked so uncomfortable !
 Received as gift , taking it back ASAP ! My daughter screamed her head off every time I attempted to `` wear her '' . She was literally folded in half ! Also , only if you are in your senior years and your -LSB- chest -RSB- have reached your knees , will this carried work for breastfeeding!Also , for people purchasing gifts for new mothers , there is a reason we spend time registering for gifts . We spend lots of time researching the best products , so why not purchase what we register for , not what you think is a better product . The first few weeks are hard enough without having to make unnecessary returns . -LRB- This product was not the carrier I registered for ... was told I picked out the wrong carrier ... do n't think so -RRB-
 My husband ordered one of these for me for Christmas so I could carry our newborn around and still get things done . Unfortunately , he ordered it used and the person never sent directions . So , I could n't really figure out how to use it . I tried it a few times and my son seemed pretty squished in the `` cradle '' hold . He 's only six weeks old . Also , because his weight hangs from one shoulder strap , it put strain on my back and made me feel physically unbalanced . I ended up having to order the `` Snugli '' by Evenflo and we all like that much better . It 's a lot more comfortable . Perhaps I was n't using the sling correctly ...
 I 'm sure this is a product many enjoy , however , I would borrow someone 's after the baby is born to see if your baby will enjoy it . Mine did not . It was hard to maneuver , I felt like the baby was too constricted , and worst of all he screamed when placed in it .
 There are so many other sling out there . Do n't waste your timeor money on this . I hated the padding as it was bulky constricting and hot . It was also impossible to adjust . I got a couple of slings from www.equanimitybaby.com and one from www.peppermint.com and love these . Bottom line , check out the other options , this one is a waste of $ $ $ .
 I think the idea behind the sling is great but it is not for every baby . Everytime our son is put in this he crys or screams . He is an easy going fellow but he has n't liked being held to closely . He wants his freedom and this does n't give much freedom to a newborn . Also , the `` training '' video is more of a promotional advertisement . I had to go to the web site to get more information about how to use it .
 I am 5 ' 5 '' and 160 lbs and this sling is too long for me and my son . We tried it when he was 8 lbs and 11 lbs and you can not shorten it enough . I bought a slingeze size regular which works great !
 My newborn wanted to be held all the time . My arms would get so sore after hours of holding him . Based on a suggestion from the pediatrician , I bought this sling for my 4 week old baby . When I put him in it , he peered up at me for a few seconds , arched his back , then started screaming . After a week of trying I gave up and returned the sling . I think if I had put him in it after coming home from the hospital , it would n't have been such a problem . I do n't think he liked not being able to see out of the thing or having his long legs dangling .
 Every time I hear a parent say that they tried a sling , but baby hated it , or it was a pain , or they just ended up not using it , this was the sling they tried . People who love their slings used a Maya Wrap , Over the Shoulder Baby Holder , or New Native sling . All of which come in great fabric choices and are easy to use .
 My neighbor had the Nojo and liked it so I was going to get one too . I tried hers , but I could n't get it tight enough so my baby hung down too low which did n't seem safe and hurt my back . I thought I could order a different size , but found it only comes in one size . I then read all the reviews here and followed someone 's advice and ordered a from babymoon slings . It fit me better -LRB- I 'm petite -RRB- and was a lot easier to use -LRB- and prettier ! -RRB- . I think it makes a big difference to get a sling that 's not bulky and comes in sizes - I do n't get why they use so much padding in the nojo , it makes it really hard to use with a newborn compared to other slings .
 Neither my husband nor I could live without a sling for our newborn ! We got this one as a gift but quickly concluded that it just has too much fabric , which makes it difficult to position the baby properly and securely without `` drowning '' her in it . And the shoulder pad is huge -- ca n't get it to sit right on my shoulder -LRB- and I 'm not petite -RRB- . We then got a Maya Wrap , but either we 're not `` advanced '' enough sling-users or it 's better for bigger babies . Too little padding . -LRB- This is beginning to sound like the three little bears ... -RRB- So now I have an Over the Shoulder Baby Holder , which is just right ! Baby fits in it perfectly , the fabric is much lighter , and the shoulder pad gives me support in the right place .
 i bought this sling when i had my son and he was never able to get comfortable in it . We both suffered whenever i tried to get us positioned according to the instructional video . i am only 5 ' 3 '' and this sling is HUGE and bulky on me . No adjustments i tried made it fit properly . Just way too much fabric .
 The carrier is a great idea , however , it is too bulky for me . It is not that easy to figure out all the different ways to use it and felt uncomfortable around my shoulder and neck.My baby was premeture and at the time I bought this was about 7 lbs . He was not comfortable in it and his head never seemed to be in the right position . It covered his head and left his body all twisted.I was very disappointed .
 I thought this would be an excellent item to have . I was wrong ! This is the most cumbersome thing I own and my son sweats like crazy in it . There 's no support for the baby 's neck or back , and I always feel like he 's about to fall out of it . Unless you 've got really strong shoulders or a feather-weight infant , you might want to skip the infant carrier thing completely . Save yourself time and money on this - I would n't buy it again !!
 I had heard such great things about this sling , but when I got it I was highly disappointed . It was very warm to wear -LRB- which I guess would be okay if I lived in Alaska -RRB- and difficult to maneuver baby in and out of carrier .
 Does n't mean it 's the only way to `` wear '' your baby . The padding in the railing was a double-edged sword . On one hand , it 's comfy ; on the other , you ca n't get the darn thing tight enough . I like my baby to be snug against me and I ca n't get this one tight enough . I love the padding on the shoulders though . My husband uses this one since he 's bigger and doens ' t need it to be as taunt . I use a Kissasling , and the three of us are all happy .
 Ok I have 3 kids . And tried this with all 3 . One was a premie , another is oversized for her age . And it worked with NONE of them . I am a plus-size person myself which may not have helped . In the 7 years we 've been trying to use it I 've never been able to get myself and/or my kids comfortable in it.We tried again today with my youngest -LRB- 3months -RRB- and I 've given up forever . You can never seem to get it adjusted right , and it 's a big production trying to get it there . By the time you have it on and baby in it you 're both very frustrated and you still have to tweek it.I never felt secure with it and the kids did n't like that most of the positions they have a huge `` padded rail '' of fabric in their faces . There is almost no way for them to have access to their hands either so if you have a tactile learner this will totally fail and frustrate them.My advice , try things on in a store and pick out something . It took a lot of trial and error , and my husband and I have our own carriers because we wanted different things . He just wants to hang out and go for walks type stuff , while I needed to be able to do some basic chores . I hope this helps !
 Seems like a good idea , right ? An easy way to carry your baby w / as much ease as say a handbag.But the geometry does n't work . My baby was contorted , bent in this thing such that his chin was forced hard against his chest . $ 30 -LRB- or more -RRB- for a product that is some fabric and a couple buckle rings . Oh yeah some foam rubber too.In short , I wish I could give it less than 1 stars . I ca n't believe that smart people actually think this is a good product idea .
 This sling is NOT `` one size fits all . '' My husband is very tall and has a big frame and this carrier does not fit him . It is n't comfortable for me and I 'm average-sized at 5 ' 7 '' and 140 lbs . The straps are uncomfortable and dig into me.Our son HATES being trapped in this monstrosity in any of the positions and screeches until taken out . We 've tried the carrier occasionally since he was born and he 's now 4 months old and the reaction has n't changed . He looks as if he is n't being supported properly when he 's in the sling.This is , hands down , THE worst baby product we 've encountered . Spend the money to get a Baby Bjorn carrier which is comfortable for both my husband and myself and has enough support so your child is secure and well-positioned . My son has NEVER reacted badly to the Baby Bjorn , as opposed to his desperate screams to get out of the horrible `` Dr. Sears '' sling
 This is the WORST , WORST baby product I 've ever bought . My daughter hates it . She is so balled up it scrunches her head into her chest . Do n't frustrate yourself by trying to adjust this thing with a squawling baby in it . I am so disappointed because I was hoping to find a way I could be mobile while breastfeeding .
 This is a great product but it is just too big for me . If you are 5 ' 5 '' inch . and below please do not get this cause it will look like a sack on you . My baby was terrified and looked uncomfortable in it . She cried everytime I put her inside . Practice makes perfect but eventually my baby & I got tired of using this .
 I recived this sling as a gift for my now 2 year old son . It was really difficult to use . I could not tighten the shoulder strap enough to feel my baby was secure . Im a Attachment parent so I despratly wanted to use a sling after 2 weeks of frustation i gave up I Bought a Taylormade baby sling instead it is wonderful and I still carry my 2 year old in the sling to this day so save your time and money and do not buy this sling !!!
 I love Dr. Sear 's books , but this baby sling is much too large ! I am a slightly small framed 5 ' 5 '' woman . My 6 ' 5 '' husband wears this sling just fine . But , for a sling to work for YOU , it MUST FIT properly ! I finally bought a sling that fit me when my son was over 1 year old . I could n't believe what a difference it made and felt so sad that I had n't tried a different sling sooner . My son loves sitting in it on my hip and brings it to me whenever I am working in the kitchen . Try the Rosado sling or any other brand that comes in sizes and buy the size that fits your body ! You will really be able to enjoy the baby wearing experience that Dr. Sears recommends so highly !
 It is unfortunate that Dr. Sears endorses this product , as I and several friends have found it to be the most uncomfortable sling . The Maya Wrap and the Over the Shoulder Baby Holder are the other two I have and I LOVE them . This one has three basic problems :1 -RRB- It is supposedly one-size-fits-all ... ONLY if you need a large or above .2 -RRB- I found it difficult , if not impossible , to adjust after baby was in it ... the rings are grooved , not smooth .3 -RRB- The fabric is not wide enough ... it does n't feel as secure as the others - I know of one woman whose baby fell out onto the kitchen floor with this sling -LRB- not hurt , but still -RRB- . I CONSTANTLY bend down to pick things up while wearing my nearly 2-year-old in my other slings and he has never fallen or slipped enough for it to be a problem . I even tripped going up the stairs this evening with him in the OTSBH - he slipped , but stayed in.Do yourself a favor and get a better sling . Maya Wraps can be less expensive . Do a search on either sling name to find them . LLL groups often sell either or both as well .
 I have used a dozen or so slings and find them to be wonderful , lifesaving , essential to babyhood . But - there are many better slings available . The first thing you should do is look for a local distributer of the Over the Shoulder Baby Holder . She will show you a selection of fabrics and show you how to wear it . She may even show up with a baby or toddler in one so you can see how to use it , first hand.Dr . Sears is a great guy - writes good books , has a nice pediatric practice , is a good speaker , and advocates `` wearing your baby '' . Sadly , the NoJo does a disservice to many parents who want to keep their baby on them . It 's too long for most people ; it 's the length of the size `` large '' OTSBH . I have only met one mom who could n't fit the regular size OTSBH , and most dads fit those as well . The NoJo just isnt ' comfortable either . As an experienced sling user , I tried a NoJo briefly with my 3rd child and it was n't comfortable for me ! I just couldnt ' get it to work.Save your pennies for a better sling .
 This sling was extremely uncomfortable for me ... even when my baby was a newborn and only 7 pounds . I am 5 ' 5 '' and slender so that may be part of the problem . -LRB- As I see that other petite/slender people found this sling problematic . -RRB- I had a lot of back and neck pain with this sling . I currently use a Maya Wrap -LRB- which is unpadded -RRB- which is extremely comfortable even though my daughter is now 22 pounds . The Maya is also less bulky , since there is no padding . I also have no problem nursing in the Maya .
 I bought this for my 8 week old daughter , we are planning a trip to Texas and did not want to take the heavy stroller ... I tried her in the sling , she got very hot and because of that she got heat rash all over her face and neck -LRB- she was only in the sling for about 10 minutes -RRB- !!!! I did not like all the padding , it makes it to bulky ! On top of all that it gave me a back ache !! If you are serious about a sling I would choose the Maya , it is a thinner material , and is not bulky at all . That is what I ended up buying , and my daughter loves it and so do I.
 I love Dr. Sear 's books , but this baby sling is much too large ! I am a slightly small framed 5 ' 5 '' woman . My 6 ' 5 '' husband wears this sling just fine . But , for a sling to work for YOU , it MUST FIT properly ! I finally bought a sling that fit me when my son was over 1 year old . I could n't believe what a difference it made and felt so sad that I had n't tried a different sling sooner . My son loves sitting in it on my hip and brings it to me whenever I am working in the kitchen . Try the Rosado sling or any other brand that comes in sizes and buy the size that fits your body ! You will really be able to enjoy the baby wearing experience that Dr. Sears recommends so highly !
 I bought this sling at a garage sale and liked it , but realized soon afterwards that what I liked was not THIS sling , but slings in general . I tried them all and the BEST is the Maya Wrap sling , which is so very beautiful -LRB- do n't you think the Nojo sling is kinda ugly -RRB- and very versatile -- I 've used it as a sling , a blanket , a dog leash , a harness , and a belt . I have two and love them both . The Nojo sling can not be adjusted well since the padding gets in the way , and can not be packed away easily . Use this sling if it 's your only opportunity to sling , but shop around if you can !
 My daughter is 40 days old . As soon as I laid her in the sling and had the sling in carrying position I could see that she was very uncomfortable.Contour of your stomach is not FLAT but CURVED . It tilts my daughter 's spine SIDEWAYS when she is lying flat in the sling . It 's just not a comfortable position for the baby.The video teaches you how to carry the baby in different ways . However , they are useless if the baby is an infant and ca n't support her neck on her own.Besided , it is BULKY and HARD to use . I am returning it .
 I joined La Leche League right after the birth of my son . They strongly pushed getting a sling for nursing and attachment parenting . So I bought this NoJo Babysling.I felt like the biggest idiot in the world because I could n't seem to use it . My son hated it . He would scream and arch his back and push his arms and legs out . He could n't stand the smashed positions that the sling created -LRB- no matter HOW it was worn . -RRB- It was impossible to breast feed using the sling . With larger than average breasts , no matter how low or loosely I wore it , you simply could n't position a baby in the right place.To top it all off , it was frightenly unsecure . If I made it tight enough to hold my son from tipping out , he was MISERABLE . If I made it low and loose to try to nurse or to try to make him comfortable , he would fall right out . It was dangerous . I could n't take my hands off of him for a second , totally defeating the purpose of a baby carrier.I finally gave up and bought a Bjorn . He LOVED the freedom of the Bjorn to move his arms and legs around -LRB- and to SEE -RRB- , and I loved to finally have my hands free . I 'd never waste money on a sling again .
 I tried this sling upon recommedation and hated it . My son screamed and fussed . He was uncomfortable and so was I and he was n't about to take time to find the `` right position '' . It just was an awkward contraption .
 This sling was extremely frustrating for both my husband and me ! I thought my poor baby 's neck was going to break trying to get her comfortably situated . I found it to be very bulky and akward . I was very disappointed as I really wanted to wear my baby right away . Now I have to find a different product that will work better for me .
 I bought this thinking that it was the best sling in the market . From the moment I tried to use it , I could not get it right . I tried the different ways that it suggested but it was alwas very uncomfortable . I tried putting the baby inside of it and he always looked to be in a very awkward position . One half of his body was twisted one way and the other half was twisted the opposite way . I just feel bad that I was unable to return it . It was a complete waste of time and money .
 I registered for this sling , and was thrilled when I received it as a shower gift . I could n't wait to use it . When my son was about 3 weeks old , I tried to put him in it . We both instantly hated it . Its far too bulky to use with an infant , and it does n't adjust small enough to fit my frame -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' and FAR from skinny -RRB- . I kept it , thinking that my son would eventually fit in it , and perhaps as he got bigger I 'd be able to wear it . WRONG . I wish I 'd brought it back when I could still return it . My son is now 11 months old and we still ca n't use this sling . There 's no way he can sit in it securely . He hates being held but ca n't walk yet so I was really hoping we could use this , but it still does n't fit me , and my 24 pound son is n't held safely in it . He can wiggle his way out in less than 3 seconds . I 'm expecting again , and hoping I can find something much better than this for this baby .
 After reading all the great reviews on the sling I decided to try one . We both hated it . Maybe because I 'm 5 ' 1 and my son was eleven pounds when he was born made it more difficult . I kept trying to make it work for us but after 6 months I gave it up . I ended up giving it away . It 's not one size fits all . If you 're short , think twice on this .
 This is a great product but it is just too big for me . If you are 5 ' 5 '' inch . and below please do not get this cause it will look like a sack on you . My baby was terrified and looked uncomfortable in it . She cried everytime I put her inside . Practice makes perfect but eventually my baby & I got tired of using this .
 This was the worst purchase I have ever made . The video and booklet are a joke . You ca n't tighten it enough because of all of the padding and my son was sweating because of the padding . He arches his whole body to get out because he feels so balled up and it is in no way secure . He always feels as if he is going to fall out . I put him facing forward and his legs were so scrunched up that he started crying and I 'm sure that after a while his poor little legs would have fallen asleep . When I put him facing inward it feels as if his body is going to slip right down and fall to the floor . It 's a strain on my shoulder and in no way discreet for breastfeeding and I am only a C. Besides he was sweating the whole time he was feeding . I highly recommend the Bjorn . Well worth the money and although the A and B tabs do n't look secure they are . The only problem is that the Bjorn ca n't be used in winter because it is so snug -LRB- which is great for safety -RRB- so I use the Easy Comfort Plus carrier for cold days so that he can wear his snowsuit .
 This is by far the worst sling I have ever tried ! The padding is bulky and hot . It is impossible to adjust . Total waste of money . I bought a pouch from www.equanimitybaby.com and it was perfect ! easy to use and very comfy . The bottom line is there are many other options out here besides this peice of junk . If you ca n't use this sling , its not you , its the sling !
 First off , let me say this is a very cute set . However the stitching started to come undone after one wash . The stripped fabric is VERY cheap , not what I would expect from a $ 200 bedding set . It pills and fades after just one wash , very disappointing . I am sorry but I expect more . Only buy this set if you are willing to replace it after a couple months of use .
 I ordered this mattress because we got a bassinet second-hand that was supposedly larger than most other bassinets . The fit was perfect HOWEVER , the mattress had been folded in half for shipment . It had a huge fold in the middle of it and would n't lay flat . After leaving it out of the box for 2 days , the mattress was mostly flat but there are still creases at the edges and I can only place it into the bassinet one way or else it pops up in the middle . I contacted the company and they simply instructed me to leave it flat and it would resolve itself . If I had more time before the baby comes , I would definitely return it . Which is a shame because it 's really a nice mattress other than the giant crease in it from shipping ... It would be so easy for the company to ship it a different way to avoid this problem but they do n't seem like they plan to do this anytime soon so please beware !
 This is suppose to be a 16 X 32 mattress . It is not . It 's actual measurements are 15.75 X 31 . Needless to say it does not fit properly , which is a safety issue . I 'm very disappointed.I attempted to return this item but ran into issues huge isses with the seller . The seller was extremely slow at responding to emails and never refuned my money -LRB- dispite having mailed the mattress back to them -RRB- . My money was finally refunded when I had involved Amazon.com . I wish I did n't purchase this.NOTE , in my original feed back I left the seller a 2 star rating . However , I have since changed that rating to a 1 star . The reason for the one star is due to -LRB- 1 -RRB- the continued difficulty in getting my refund ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- because the seller contacted me after leaving 2 stars and offered me free sheets and a 10 % off coupon if I changed my rating . I find conducting poor business and then later bribing customers to give you a high rating to be extremely unethical .
 No where does the description give a SIZE for these things . I assumed wrong . I got 2 Blue -LRB- no red -RRB- that are called hot/cold combo which is fine , but the plastic is very thin -LRB- think cheap ziplock bag -RRB- and do not look very durable at all . Each pack is about 5 '' x 6 '' so much smaller than I thought based on photos .
 The product I received would no way keep my casserole hot or cold . They were only about 4 x 6 in . in size . Very disappointed in them especially for the price . Buyer beware !
 What I thought I ordered were inserts for the pyrex to go carriers . I needed a new hot and cold pack set and based on the photos , that 's what I thoguht I ordered . What I received were tiny ice/heat medical packs which are not what I wanted . No point in trying to do a return . Very unsatisfied that they could n't fulfill the order properly .
 I thought that these packets were going to be larger and more sturdy - they are like the ones you would get at the pharmacy to use for sore joints or swollen hands , not for keeping your food warm or cold . I was very disappointed .
 The Hot & Cold Gel Paks I received were not what I thought I was getting . They are flimsy plastic and can easily be punctured . They are not separate paks one for hot and one for cold . These are blue paks that can either be frozen or placed in the microwave . All in all I am not satisfied with the Prince Lionhearts Gel Paks .
 I purchased these to replace the hot pack from my pyrex portable . You get two packs in a set that can either be frozen or heated . I heated both to replace one pyrex portable hot pack.I returned these to Amazon because they leaked . When I heated them in the microwave -LRB- following the instructions -RRB- they expanded and the plastic seam separated allowing the gel to leak out the side .
 The first time I attempted to warm the Pak it burst ! I set it for 3 minutes as there are no directions included with the item . Very disappointed !
 I purchased this thinking it would be so handy since the baby will constantly drop the pacifier . The water container is way too small and the spray does not spray enough ... it only wets the tip of the pacifier , not nearly enough for me to feel it 's clean enough to put it in his mouth again . I 'm gon na get the wipes for emergency cases , rather than use this product .
 I do n't know if the one I received is missing a piece or is just defective , but the sprayer is really loose and leaks in my diaper bag .
 Two stars cause of the idea wich I think is good , but mine came broken where the spray goes mine is plastic and broken -LRB- wich in this pic shows metal -RRB- so the cap does not stay put causing it to leak , so is going back
 I really did n't need it . . feeding rice cereal through a bottle was more of a pain . I just started the feeding process instead . product was fine .
 Pediatrics recommend that you do not feed infants cereal through the bottle due to the possibility of choking . The nipples are still too large for even older infants and babies to maneuver without choking . It 's just not worth the risk . If you choose to utilize , please , please WATCH them carefully and NEVER leave them alone !!!
 Unbelievable leaks and spills . In spite of adhering to the directions `` DO NOT FILL BEYOND THIS LINE '' , bottle constantly leaks and spills . Particularly when you warm the bottle . If you do n't mind frequent dripping then purchase , if you do n't have time to change your baby due to being drenched by leaks do n't buy them . They are horrible portable bottles as well .
 This photo album was a disappointment - it is strictly for infants up to about 1 year of age - not appropriate for the 2 year old I had in mind . Not enough pages for photos . Textile inserts that were not advertised . Would be great for infants but not for me !
 Ok product for little bottle -LRB- 4oz -RRB- . Formula did shift from one cell to another , which defeated the purpose of the pre-measuring option . I eventually gave up on the option and bought a thermos to hold hot water and pre-measured formula into each bottle - it was a lot easier in the end .
 I ordered this item and was shipped something that seemed like a knockoff . The lid barely stayed on and ended up opening all over my purse . If I could return it just for the principle of doing so I would . They should also reimburse me for my new diaper bag . The only thing worse would have been spilled breast milk .
 I purchased this dispenser and was a little upset to get the pink one . They should give you a choice of colors , I have FOUR boys !!! The color did n't matter for long because the silly thing cracked and broke within one week of gentle use . The plastic is just too hard ! I much prefer the Avent dispenser . It 's a much better plastic and the formula does n't seem to shift as much .
 the only feature of the product anyone cares about is the ability to separate the powder - and keep it that way.it could not do that.failure , my friends .
 I really feel this product was a waste of my money.The dispenser I purchased had compartments that only held 2 scoops of powder formula , which made a total of 4 oz bottle when added to water . Unfortunately , my baby outgrew 4 oz before she reached 3 months , making this dispenser useless to me.I also had trouble getting the power out of the compartments . When I attempted to empty it into a bottle of water not all of the formula came out . The shape of the dispenser prevented it from emptying completely . The lid should be somewhat rounded to direct the formula out the hole . Instead it is flat , trapping powder contents before making it out the hole . Shaking & taping the dispenser did n't help.I bought another dispenser similar to this one that works much better . The inside dividers are removable leaving it a cup . They say it converts to a `` snack cup '' , but I fill it with dry formula & scoop it out as needed . It works much better than this dispenser & will be useful a lot longer !
 Each section only holds enough formula to make a 4oz . bottle . The formula also moves from one section to another .
 We received one of these and two of the Munchkin -LRB- 3 compartment dispensers -RRB- . Both my husband and I HATE this one so much that we actually avoid using it . When we are holding our baby and trying to shake the formula out into a bottle , it often ends up spilling onto the counter because of the flat lid . The opening on our Munchkin dispensers has a slightly funnel shaped lid that lets the formula slide out with minimal tapping . ONE STAR for the fact that it has 4 compartments instead of 3 . The Sassy dispenser would have been a waste of money , had we purchased it ourselves . Get the Munchkin dispenser instead .
 This thing makes me think that man never reached the moon.With all the intelligence in the world , why ca n't anyone come up with a good design for a formula dispenser?Please read my review on the Zo-Li dispenser as well to see what I mean.I bought this based on other people 's reviews and thank god it 's only $ 6 , as it has a lot of flaws but it gets the job done - you just always have to be careful and wide awake when using it.Here are my gripes :1 -RRB- The plastic it is made of is really hard and whenever I open the spout or the lid , I am this close to getting slivered .2 -RRB- Formula definitely can transfer into other compartments when moved around in diaper bag as there is a gap between the lid and the dividing walls . Imagine workstation vs enclosed office .3 -RRB- When you are half asleep as most moms are , and you accidentally have .001 of an inch of the spout open into the other compartment when pouring , the contents of the other compartment goes pouring in as well4 -RRB- It is really hard to open the lid , which is not good because of problem no. 1 above . I am not kidding , my thumb is getting tiny blisters from opening the lid of the spout .5 -RRB- The spout is round but the bins are pie shaped - and we learn this from kindergarten when we play with sorting cubes - triangles do n't go in circles . Therefore , formula gets caught in the corners and it takes a lot of wiggling before everything goes out.The only thing I like about it is that I have been able to handle it with one hand and am still using it until I find something better - and it 's not the Zo-Li .
 Did n't keep powder separated and made a huge mess trying to pour all the powder from on compartment into a bottle because of where the spout is . You have to shake it a bit to get it all out then you have powder leaking from other sides , pain in the neck ! Not to mention it is hard as heck to clean . I will stick to using recycled baby food jars for my formula !
 The dispenser is made of cheap plastic , as soon as I put on the sterilizer it melted .
 The color shown on the computer and the color the border actually was is very different . I wanted to send it back but found out it would the cost be half of what I bought the item for to send it back for shipping and handling . Im very dissatisfied and will not be shopping amazon anymore .
 I bought these bottles thinking they would be nice for my babies , but they were n't . They leaked everywere and my babies would choke on there formula . I bought the special fat nipples and everything , nothing worked . I hate them . I deceided to just use my older daughters old bottles , they did n't leak and the babies did n't choke on there formula .
 I registered for these bottles so when i recieved them as a gift at my shower i was so excited . My son came home from the hospital at almost four weeks old and immediatly i noticed he choked on the formula because it just seemed to pour out of the stage one nipple when held upside down . Not to mention they leaked all over him . I would not recommend these bottles to anyone .
 When these things actually work , they 're great . No doubt about it . The problem that I keep running into is the amount of leaking that these bottles do . I mean , they literally leak everywhere . I get more formula on my 3 month old son 's clothes than I actually get in his mouth . I assumed that the bottles warped around the ring because of so many runs in the dishwasher , but after reading some of these reviews , I 'm not so sure . Though there are much worse bottles out there -LRB- Parent 's Choice -RRB- , I still ca n't honestly recommend these bottles to anyone . Take a pass . You can thank me later .
 The stroller is great , but the brake is already broke after 4 uses and the stroller tipped over with my 13 month old daughter . But the stroller did move over gravel very well .
 This rain hood is a great concept but the cheap plastic tears easily with normal use . Ours lasted about a week before the Velcro ties ripped off . The corners should be cloth , not plastic , in order to withstand stress . Otherwise , it protects your child nicely from both rain and wind and fits snugly over the Expedition stroller .
 I was looking for carriers but , I could n't find any that were `` cheap '' so , I got the cheapest one and it was very uncomfortable and my baby 's a jumper and she likes to move alot so . I threw that one away and got this one , but , this was really tight on my and my baby but , she would keep still . I tried adjusting the straps but , nothing quite worked . I think I should just continue my hunt and maybe I 'll just get an exspensive one , because this one just did n't fo it for me .
 I am 5 ' 4 '' and rather large chested and this pack including the mommy straps fits me GREAT ! I bought this packpack after my son and I decided to take advantage of the beautiful area and go hiking . Well day # 1 seemed ok I was very comfortable with the pack , though it was very hard to get on and off alone . I hike alone with my son and it was n't convenient for me . My 6 month old son is 17lbs and 28 '' he seems comfortable in the carrier EXCEPT for the fact that the straps cut into his shoulders and thighs . I love that the pack has leg straps VERY NICE , but I do n't like that it hurts my baby . Also when my son does fall asleep he leans on my neck and that hurts me alot . He trys to fall asleep when he 's not lying on my neck but the board inbetween him and I seems to hurt his face and head . His arms kind of just hang there he does n't really have anything to do with them -LRB- except the occasional hair pull of my pony tail -RRB- . I would not tell anyone i know to buy this PLUS I am going to return mine to the store . What I need that this carrier does not have is padded straps for the baby , adjustable height -LRB- for baby seat -RRB- , somewhere for my babys arms to go , I would like the baby to be comfortable , but also sit away from me a bit so that he 's not lying on my neck .
 I ordered this for my 11 month old son . My biggest complaint is that he sits so far forward that when he falls asleep he lays on the back of my neck . Very uncomfortable ! The weight of the carrier does not shift well when putting it on my back . Also , the top seam along the back looks as if it is very stressed and might tear soon . I do like the way the weight is distruibted on my back and shoulders . I am planning on returning it and buying the KELTY TOWN backpack carrier .
 The cups measure about 2.75 , 3.25 , and 3.75 inches in diameter . The colors are similar to the picture , but mixed up . -LRB- My cups/lids are
 One of the few things I have returned . Cheap , both in price and quality . Lids did not close on two of the containers .
 The cups are very small , they look big in the picture but the are n't . it is ok for dry snack like cherios but still you ca n't really add too much.I wish they were bigger and it will be fine because the plastic is actually very nice and heavy duty .
 I did n't even get to use this pad . It fell apart in the washer the first time I washed it . The vinyl in the back ripped to shreds on the delicate cycle ?????? What 's up with that ? What good is it to have a mattress pad that you ca n't wash ? TOtal waste of money - I am taking it back today !!!
 Was able to use this mattress pad a few times but then it fell apart . The seam that connects it came completely undone and it is not repairable . Very disappointed .
 This product did absolutely no good for us . It made it difficult if not impossible to tighten the lap belt sufficiently and the result was the lap belt got pulled up , instead of the shoulder belt being pulled down . That can be fatal !
 This seat belt adjuster is no replacement for a federally certified booster seat . This adjuster does not keep the child correctly positioned in the adult seat belt system . If your child has outgrown their car seat , spend the few extra bucks and purchase a belt positioning booster . It will make the ride more comfortable and SAFER for your child .
 Notice how this product pulls the lap belt up so it is across the child 's waist instead of low across the child 's thighs and solid hip bones . You do NOT want the lap belt to his the child 's soft stomach area in a crash . There are a ton of booster seats out there these days that fit every vehicle seat imaginable and pretty much every size/shape of child from 30-120 lb . There are also special booster seats for short adults . Buy one that is designed to properly position the shoulder belt AND the lap belt in a crash !
 These `` fitted sheets '' did n't fit my crib 's mattress.I tryed to return them , but they did n't answer me.My mattress is a standard size , so I do n't understand.I am not satisfied at all .
 After washing once -LRB- per the manufacturer 's instructions -RRB- , this item was unravelling at the seams and was covered in fabric pills . I doubt that it is going to withstand much more use . Meanwhile , the Carters waterproof pads that I have leftover from my daughter 's infancy are still in great condition.I would highly recommend that you purchase the pads from Carters instead . They are clearly far more durable .
 i was in the store and saw this unit and it was advertised as `` meeting new standards '' or something like that . i had already had one by the same company , however , i thought that i would replace it because this new and improved version was taller -LRB- it sat on the top of the mattress -RRB- . so , i purchased this bed rail for my 4 year old and it was n't too very difficult to snap the pieces together . however , once you get it together , getting it to fit properly was IMPOSSIBLE ! it would have been easier had my husband been at home , but he was n't , and i figured , how hard could it be ? well , let 's try VERY HARD.first , i had a BIG problem trying to get it to fit between the rail/frame and the mattress -LRB- there are two `` arms '' that fit underneath the mattress -RRB- on the bottom bunk bed . but after a lot of time and scraping of the wood frame , i was able to get that done.THEN i had to try and push the sides down tight enough on the mattress to make the arms lock -- all the while , the thing kept falling over -LRB- hence , the second person being helpful -RRB- . this , i was unable to do.MOREOVER , i thought that had i actually been able to lock the thing properly , how long would it take for me to change the sheets ? realizing that i do n't have that kind of time , energy or patience , i returned the darned thing . interestingly enough , the clerk did n't even ask me why -- apparently two other people had just returned the same thing -- oh , and by the way , do n't think that once you get this thing together that it will fit in the box again , because it wo n't . it locks in two places , and you ca n't disassemble . AND its pretty awkward getting it back in the car -- sorry , the bitterness still lingers.i would n't advise that anyone purchase this device -- there are better products on the market that are easier to use/assemble .
 I found this item very cumbersome . When the rail is in the down position it is dangerous to young children playing in the room . It 's a pain to put up and down and it lasted about a week before one of the hinges broke . Definitely not worth the time or the money !
 We bought it and it broke . One of the elbow joints came off . Plus it says it folds down , sure but only halfway making a nice ramp for my boy to climb on . Not safe . It is going back ! We also had it collapse but figured that problem out rather quickly . Still a hunk of junk !
 This bed rail is the absolute worst . It does not lock properly . When you throw all your weight on one side to push it down to lock it , it will lock . But once you go to the other side to lock it , the first side pops up and unlocks . It 's like a comedy routine . You may get it to seemingly lock on both sides , but one side will unlock at some point on its own.Also , this rail sits on top of the bed , so your blankets get pinned down on one side . If you were to use 2 rails , you could never get the covers up . The rails also sit in several inches , so a single bed gets very narrow.This product is unsafe , and with serious design flaws . Save yourself the frustration of putting it together , wrestling with it , and returning it .
 We purchased this bedrail about a month ago and loved it until last week . I love the security it provides for my daughter 's bed . When it is installed properly , it is very sturdy . However , I noticed some threads coming out of the netting on the top rail last week . Now , we have about a 4 inch hole in the seam of the netting . The material is too flimsy to sew up , so we will have to throw it away . My daughter is 2 1/2 , only 25 pounds and is not a climber , so the material just came apart from normal , everyday use . I 'm very frustrated that I will have to go out and buy safety rail # 3 . -LRB- The first one was made by Evenflo and was not tall enough to provide protection from falling off the bed . -RRB-
 I agree with the person who wanted to throw this thing against the wall . The first and only night I used it , it fell down three times and my daughter was n't anywhere near it . It woke her up everytime . It is also very load when you are locking it up which is not good if your child is a light sleeper . This is a horrible product and I am disappointed that Toys R us has such a little selection in this area .
 I have had this bed rail for about a month now , my son is able to kick it away from the bed during the night . He has fallen out of bed twice , getting caught in the rail that is supposed to protect him . This morning he fell off the bed , fell inbetween the bed and the rail , hit the trash can with the side of his face cutting his lip and tongue ! I am calling the manufacturer immediately , dangerous product !
 Do not buy this bed rail . . I figured it was more expensive than the rest , so it should be better . It is the worst . . one side does not stay in the locked position . It is horrible !! DO NOT BUY !!!!
 Sorry Safety 1st , but this is the worse product that I 've ever purchased from your otherwise great brand . Ours broke before our daughter even had a chance to use it ! We were practicing how to raise and lower the bed rail , and one side just broke off from the base . It 's supposedly follows the new safety standards ... this means that the rail clamps to the TOP of the mattress -LRB- as opposed to just being sandwiched between the mattress and box spring -RRB- . But that new standard means that you lose some inches of bed space , and if the rail is going to break off , it 's not safe anyway ! I read the prior reviews and thought maybe some of the other parents were n't using it right or were just being too picky . But I learned my lesson . As a pediatrician and a mom , I would NOT recommend this product .
 This is the WORSE product ! We put it together as instructed , placed baby in bed for the first time and the side rails fell down . The manufacturer said this `` sometimes happens '' and could wait 2-4 weeks for a replacement sent to us . We will never buy another Safety First product .
 I purchased this product thinking that it would be not only safe , but help my daughter to make a nice transition from the crib to her big-girl bed -LRB- since the rail sits on top of the mattress , it would prevent her from getting stuck between it and the mattress , and would also make for a smaller sleeping space , more cozy , like her crib -RRB- . I set it up and put her on the bed . It took my nineteen month-old one shake to get it to collapse . I thought for sure I did something wrong , so I checked everything , and relocked it . Second try , it collapsed again . I returned it and got a different model that is simpler , and amazingly enough , actually works .
 This is not at all what I expected . I thought the locking mechanism would make me feel safer , unfortunately it can unlock unexpectedly on it 's own . The rail has never fallen or caused any injury , but it 's very difficult to manuver and even though there is a window on each side that shows when it is `` locked '' it will not necessarily stay that way . I have taken the time to read all of the directions . I locked the rail by pushing each side until only green showed in the window . I even pulled it several times to make sure it was securely locked , only to come back later and find that it somehow moved into the unlocked redzone . The base of the rail does n't anchor to the bed in anyway . It 's only held in place by the weight of the top mattress . When you fold it down to the side it 's so bulky it 's always in the way taking up space and creating a huge obsticle on the side of the bed . I have had problems with every product I 've purchased from this company . Safetly 1st is a name I will never trust again .
 This guardrail sits on top of the matress so there is no worries about the child getting stuck between the matress and rail . The problem we had was setting it up . It did not stay in position . We shook it with some force and it kept coming out of position , then when we shook it with very little force it stayed.When our 21 month old went to sleep , he woke up 30 minutes later screaming . The rail had fallen down again and scared him!Took it back to Babies R Us and told them what had happened . They just took it back and credited my card with no questions or comments .
 This item is very awkward to set up and use . Never was able to get it to lock properly and finally gave up in frustration . It may be a very safe product but when it is unusable it is not safe at all . I returned mine to Toys R Us on a Tuesday and was not suprised to find out that 3 others had been returned already that week .
 I purchased this bedrail a few weeks ago -LRB- brand new -RRB- and used it for the first time last night . And today ... it broke ! With little force applied , the hinge connecting the screen to the foot under the mattress snapped , exposing a sharp plastic piece and leaving enough area for my 2-year old to fall out of bed . Safety first , although nice , was WELL AWARE of the problem and knew the specific issue I was explaining before I even finished describing it . I asked why there had n't been a recall if this was a known problem and I was told that it was a relatively new product , that there had n't been enough complaints yet to warrant a recall , and that there had n't been any SERIOUS injuries reported . Parents beware !!
 This is one of the FEW bedrails that can be used for a toddler bed . Meaning , that it works for a crib mattress inside a toddler bed . The other bedrails required a box spring and mattress and we are transitioning to a toddler bed , not a twin bed , etc. ... This device does clip FIRMLY on a crib mattress , however , it takes up so much space on the mattress itself that it hardly allows room for the toddler to roll over . Also , it is TOO TOO long ! I do n't know what they were thinking . This thing covers almost the entire length of the bed . There is no where for our little one to climb in . The worst part is that once you clip on the bedrail -LRB- which works well for crib mattress -RRB- it is so heavy and bulges out that it tips the mattress to it 's side and almost flips over . I know how hard it is to find a bedrail for a toddler bed when most bedrails are made for box spring and mattress -LRB- twin bed -RRB- , but I 'm telling you this ... It 's not worth the time to purchase it , put it together , install it , hate it , try to break back down to get it back in the box -LRB- which you ca n't do , because some of the mechanism 's lock in place -RRB- and return it to the store . My husband thank heavens is very creative person and can build almost anything . So , he looked at toddler beds and came up with his own idea to build the rail . We have the 3 in 1 crib . Crib , to toddler bed , to head board only that supports a full size mattress . For the price of this product ... add another $ 10.00 - $ 20.00 and just buy a toddler bed that will fit your crib mattress and it will be the PERFECT transition bed for your angel . The railings are removable on the toddler beds and you will be surprised to see the prices are not that high . Toddler beds will last up to 50 lbs or 5 years of age . Try Walmart.com , Target.com and Babiesrus.com You decide ... : -RRB-
 This is probably one of the worst bed rails I have ever purchased . It broke the first night we used it . The joint popped out of the bottom elbow piece . The locked postion also opened in the middle of the night and scared our 2 year old daughter . It takes up too much room on the bed and is dangerous when you have it in the down position . I ca n't seem to find the kind of rails I used for my 7 and 4 year old boys . This rail is going back to the store asap . Do n't waste your time or money on this bed rail !
 I bought two of these for my son when he moved into his big boy bed and was instantly frustrated upon removing it from the box . My husband , an engineer , easily figured out how to set it up , and explained it to me , however the first time I tried to put it down , it broke at the elbow . My husband then had to jimmy a way to get the elbow back in . The second one did the same . Once secured , there is nothing that will get it to move , but it takes a long time to get it locked into place , even when you know how to do it . Although I do n't have personal experience , there must be a better product out there that is both safe , easy to use , and does n't break easily .
 I bought this bed rail with the thought that the bed rail being on top of the mattress would be safer than the type that attach next to the mattress . This bed rail is definitely safer in that aspect . I had no problems with getting the rail to lock into position ; in fact , I thought that part was simple . My issue with this product is that the rail sticks out so unbelievably far from the bed when it is in the `` down '' position , I am absolutely certain that my son would have whacked his head while playing on the floor near the bed . I 'll stick with the Evenflo rail-I just wish I could find the same one that we have for my daughter 's room .
 I was fairly happy with this bedrail until I discovered how unsafe it can be in the down position . My toddler quickly figured out that he can use the bedrail as a makeshift ladder . As I was making the bed , he climbed onto the bedrail and fell off before I could reach him . He hit his face and jaw on the rail , which caused a nasty bruise . DO NOT leave this bedrail in the down position -- very dangerous !
 In the past week , we purchased two Safety 1st bedrails and both broke ... in the exact same location ... the FIRST time we tried to lower the bedrail . The part that broke was the factory-assembled plastic rail `` arm '' . Upon our first attempt to lower the bedrail , the arm piece above the `` elbow '' pulled out from the elbow joint and could not be reinserted . In addition to this product defect , we also found the raising/lowering mechanism to be overly complicated and cumbersome to maneuver .
 I hate this bed rail . It does n't stay locked like its supposed to . It also smashes the mattress down which ca n't be very good for the mattress . I had it less than a week and the rail came out of the foot support . That part came assembeled and is impossible to put back in . I 'm going to try and return it -LRB- do n't have the receipt !! -RRB- Buy a simpler , product !! I wish I could find the Elmo bed rail that my daughter has for her bed !!
 This was the only rail carried by the two stores I went to . Concept and assembly - ok . When I tried to lower the rail so my daughter could get in , a piece popped out . I ca n't say what piece -LRB- on the elbow , I think to help lower the rail -RRB- . This part was already assembled when it came out of the box so it was impossible to push it back in . Back to the store it goes and I 'll just use the one I had with my first daughter . It does n't fold so I 'll just have to put it in the closet during the day .
 This bed rail broke within the first week of use . The `` elbow '' joint which allows this rail to fold down , broke . It could not be fixed . Safety 1st sent a replacement . The replacement has now broken at the same joint after 3 weeks of use . This rail has to fold down in order to change the sheets because the design of this product has the rail fit down on top of the mattress . Anyone with toddlers knows the sheets have to be changed OFTEN ! I 'm now shopping for another bed rail
 This railing decreases the size of my child 's bed significantly .
 Subject should say it all . This guard is almost impossible and extremely frustrating to use . If you need to sneak out of bed quietly you can forget it . Go for something simpler , this thing is a real pain in the neck .
 When i first bought this rail , I had trouble getting it to lock into place , it 's a big pain . It kept collapsing and I was afraid that my son would get hurt . Finally after trying for 30 minutes to get it to lock it staid in place and kept my son from falling.I bought a second one because my son has new bed that is placed off the wall and I wanted 2 rails . The second piece would not lock in place at all . When it finally did I found out it does not fit with a thicker mattress . I have to bring it back.I would not buy this one again , too big of a chance it collapses . I checked it every nite to make sure it would not collapse.Sandy
 This is the biggest piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- I have ever bought . U must know that once u assemble the piece of doodoo u ca n't disasemble it . So what if you want to return it u just ca n't . Plus its not secure at all since my 21 pound daughter moved it . -LRB- ... -RRB- . Yes the side comes down but its a -LSB- hard -RSB- to work it . I just have one thing to say to Safety 1st , you people do n't know the first thing about safety . Dont buy it please dont buy it .
 This bed rail is such a pain . Once you manage to get the bedrail attached the sheets do n't move . You can move the one side of the sheet without the bedrail but trying to put a comforter or blanket on is a pain . I had to use a little baby quilt on my daughter instead of her new `` big girl '' one she got with her new bed . It is also very cumbersum to take the side up and down . We read to our daughters ever night and my older daughters rails come down in a snap . This new one is very difficult and the bad thing is you ca n't find the old kind anymore .
 I do n't care what other reviewers say , but this bed rail sucked !! I used it on my sons toddler bed since it seemed to be the only product that would accomodate that type of bed . It took up so much mattress space that my son barely had room to sleep in his bed . And it would constantly come unlocked . And if I buy another bed rail for our next child it wo n't be a mesh one cause they get too dirty . I ca n't remember if this cover was removable or not , if it was I 'm sure it would have been a pain in the a ** to remove .
 I just purchased 2 of these rails for my 18 month old 's bed . -LRB- He 's crawling out of his crib -RRB- I was able to put them together easily , however when I folded the sides down they both broke . My husband was able to fix one , however if it broke on the 1st use I do n't think it will last for long . I would never recommend this product and I am very disappointed in the Safety 1st brand . I will be returning this product tomorrow !
 I bought this for my son 's toddler bed before I read any of the reviews . I ca n't say that I like this rail very much , but I gave it two stars because I think it would be terrific when my son moves on to a big boy bed .1 . This rail sits too far in on the bed making the bed very narrow and not allowing any room for my boy to roll around while he is sleeping .2 . When the rail is folded down , it takes up too much room on the floor making it impossible for my son to climb into his bed when he 's tired .3 . The rail is about the width of my son 's bed so when he wakes up , he 's trapped in his bed and then I 'm afaid that he 'll try to climb over the rail and fall .4 . I broke the darn thing when I was trying to pull up the rail so that I could fold it down and I am by no means a strong woman , fortunatly my husband found a way to fix the blasted thing.But , all in all , I think it will be a good rail when it is used with a full size bed . My son has a 3 in 1 crib so I might as well adjust the toddler bed into a full size bed so that we get some use out of the rail .
 I bought this rail from Bbiesru 's store , I put it together fit the mattress perfect 4 '' -10 '' you only press 2 blue handles on front and pull up and folds down for easy access well I folds down two or three times and i placed my baby in the Twin bed he 's 6 month but he does n't like his crib and I was happy !!! the rail was folds down then when I wanted put up ... one side fell down !!! I was very angry and my baby laughter Now I do n't want any more this rail is the WORSE thing , I 'm looking for another one .
 This rail is a pain in the neck to lock in place , once it 's there it stays put but we bought it with the idea of being able to change the sheets easily by dropping the side . Big mistake , once it 's off it takes all of my husbands strength to put it back on again . We have a reasonably thick mattress , say 10 inches , so if you have something thinner than this you might consider it , otherwise do n't bother . We 're taking it back ...
 I purchased 2 of these for my toddler son transitioning into a big bed . The box states for mattresses 2-10 inches thick . If your mattress is thicker than 4 inches , do n't buy this !!!!! I tried calling the company , who was not much help . Do n't bother with this junk !
 After reading about the Sure Position Bedrail , my husband and I purchased it . When we got home and were ready to asseble it , the directions indicated that it could not be used witha toddler bed . Had I known , or if the box indicated this , I would have made another choice and would not have had to return the item and shop around for another model.PS - the rating is not on the product as much as it is on the availability of info regarding the product
 I was definitely disappointed in this product . The rail is n't long enough and it smashes the mattress . I still had to use other things like a chair and pillows to keep my child from rolling out of the bed . I will be purchasing a different one very soon .
 This isnt THAT bad of a product , if it was the only one available I would reccomend it . But I have bought 2 of them now and I prefer the `` especially for toddlers '' over this one . -LRB- I think that is the brand -RRB- The reasons for my opinion are :1 . Because it sits on top of the bed , it takes up too much of the mattress . Some people like this feature and say it seems more secure , but I think it is just as secure as the other one that has a strap that locks under the entire mattress . This one takes up a good 2-3 inches of my sons bed ! 2 . Although not impossible to put together , it did require more effort than the other one . The other one needed no tools for assembly .3 . It is cheaper - usually people think cheaper in price means cheaper in value , but this is not the case.Trust me on this one . I have had both brands and the especially for toddlers brand is a better buy . If that one isnt available , fine - buy this one .
 We originally purchased two of these bed rails for our twin daughters . We have now returned them THREE times due to the fact that they keep breaking at the elbow -LRB- mind you , these have been three different rails that have broken in the same way , not the same one breaking three times -RRB- . When they are assembled and on the bed they 've worked okay ... occasionally the lock slips a little , but never enough to make the rail fall down . Unfortunately , this is the only rail available at our local store to fit our thick mattress . However , now that I have to return this again , I will be searching to find something better .
 I purchased this rail today for my daughter 's crib that `` converts '' into a toddler bed . Everything on the outside of the box looked great , until we got home , put it together and put it on the crib . There is only about 6 inches of space for my daughter to climb in and out of bed . Also it sits in about 3 inches which significantly reduces the amount of sleep space . After playing with it for awhile , I decided to look over the instructions again . It states in the warning section that this rail is only for a bed with a box spring and mattress and is not intended for a crib or toddler bed . My question is `` WHY DID N'T IT SAY THIS ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE BOX ?! ''
 Hey guys , buy one online at onestepahead.com - it 's $ 39.00 and is WAY better that this one ... just as safe !
 I appreciated the added safety measures . However , the rails take up too much space on top of the mattress . They are not at all easy to use , difficult to lock and when disengaged they stick out about a foot from the bed making them unsightly and difficult to make the bed . A better `` mousetrap '' need be invented .
 I did n't have this item 24 hours before I returned it . It was fairly easy to put together but hard as $ % @ to flip down . It was also much too big for my daughter 's bed and I am having flashbacks to how hard it was to take the darn thing apart so I could shove it back in the box and return it . It 's no wonder that Walmart already has it on clearance . It 's a poorly designed piece of garbage . Do n't waste your money .
 This product is very secure , but it is difficult to get the rail up and down . It was impossible to fool with everyday when trying to make the bed , so I returned it !
 I bought this bed rail and returned it the next day after fighting it for 30 minutes . My husband and I would get one side locked and the other side would pop out . A few times we got both sides to lock , and then would push on it as if were my son rolling against it . Both sides popped out every time . I had read the mixed reviews and thought I would try it because it is the only one Toys-R-Us or Babies-R-Us has . I am going to keep looking or just use pillows to cushion my son . I feel he is safer with no rail than with this one !
 I bought this bed rail -LRB- unfortunately , before reading the reviews here on Amazon -RRB- at a local discount store . I used it hesitantly one night . The next morning I tried to lower it to make the bed using the instructions provided and the bed rail broke beyond repair at the elbow , in the exact same place others at Amazon are reporting theirs have broken . This is an obvious defect . Additionally , the one night I did use it , I locked it into position several times -LRB- until the green lock symbol showed , as instructed -RRB- and this bed rail unlocked and popped up off the bed at least 5 times . It did this when my husband `` locked '' it , too . I did finally seem to get it to lock , but was worried about it all night , since it had unlocked so many times . If it breaks this easily and I ca n't be sure whether it is truly locked or not , I sure wo n't trust it to hold my kid safely in bed . I took that bad boy straight back to the store & got my money back .
 I purchased this rail thinking it would be wonderful . One of the ones I bought broke at the elbow like others are complaning about . I went to return it and did n't have the box so I was unsuccessful . It also sticks out from the bed so far that when it is down I ca n't carry my toddler to bed and place him in while asleep . I am to short to do this and I am 5 ' 5 . I hope you will have other choices when you go to the store .
 I am EXTREMELY disappointed with this rail and will return it asap . Bottom line
 Short and to the point , do not buy this gate . It does not live up to its name or promises . The gate does not fold down very well and is rather difficult to get to stay locked and in the place that best fits your bed . It is sturdy but that is its only plus . I am looking for its replacement and will return it as soon as I do .
 I am very disappointed with this rail and plan to return it as soon as I can find another . I 'm very frustrated that this seems to be the only rail sold in the stores around me.The main problem with this rail is that it does n't stay in the locked position . In the past couple weeks of using the rail , it has only stayed in the locked position all night , maybe twice . Even when I use all of my weight to push the sides down so that the little silver ball is down and the window shows green , it still pops up . I ca n't imagine what to do differently .
 This product is a nightmare . I think this is Safety 1st 's answer to new federal product standards for bed rails , but the product is not only unwieldy , noisy , and cumbersome to operate , it is defective . After using it begrudgingly for about a week , one of the support legs popped out of the base . This connection should never come apart ; the leg support and the base are joined together before the product is shipped . We tried to put it back together , and once my husband did get the two pieces back together , they popped apart again the following day.The new rails are designed to accommodate thicker mattresses and to sit atop the mattress rather than rest against the side of the mattress . I located an older Safety 1st Portable Bed Rail at a local Toy 's ` R ' Us that works fine ; it is a much simpler design and very easy to operate . It rests against the mattress side and still rises about 7 inches above the top edge of the mattress . However , I believe these rails are no longer in production , so search now at local stores before they are gone forever .
 THIS BED RAIL DOES STOP THE KID FROM FALLING OUT OF BED AND IT ALSO TAKES UP ABOUT SIX INCHES OF THE MATTRESS , COMPLETELY PREVENTS YOU FROM MAKING THE BED WITH OUT TAKING IT OFF AND THEN YOU HAVE TO TAKE IT OFF AGAIN AT NIGHT TO UNTUCK THE BLANKET . YOU WILL ALSO HAVE TO BUY MATTRESSES MORE OFTEN BECAUSE IT SQUEEZES THE MATTRESS IN ORDER TO LOCK AND AFTER ONLY A MONTH OF USE MY SONS MATTREESS HAS A PERMENANT INDENTATION . I HATE IT AND NOW CANT FIND ANY OTHER SINGLE BED RAIL THAT DOES N'T LOCK ON TOP OF THE MATTRESS .
 We bought this bedrail for a vacation home and thought it was great at first . I realized I did n't like it sticking out so far from the bed when it was folded down , but could live with it . The second weekend we used it , my 2 year old and his cousin , also 2 , were climbing into the bed by stepping on the bedrail because it stuck out so far , and the side popped out of position , never to go back in . As far as I am concerned , this product needs to be rethought by the manufacturer . There should be some way to fix it when it pops out . Definitely would not reccommend it . To make matters worse , Babies R Us would not return it becuase we no longer had a reciept .
 My son has n't even slept in his new big bed yet and I already do n't like this contraption ! It 's so cumbersome ! It takes a college degree just to lock it into place and a whole lesson in rocket science to fold it down . I see no way to keep the bed looking nice and made when my son is not sleeping - and I ca n't even begin to think how terrible putting sheets on the bed with this thing will be . I 'm taking it back tomorrow ! I 'm not even going to bother trying it out . I 'm already frustrated ! I 'd probably throw the thing out a window if I had to keep it ! What ever happened to the bed rails that just folded up and down flat against the side of the bed !? It was n't all that long ago I babysat a boy who had one - where have they gone ?
 I bought this bed rail because I liked the fact that it secured on top of the mattress . I felt this was a safer alternative to the bed rails I have used in the past that slide out from the mattress making it possible for children to become lodged in between the mattress and the bed rail.This product was very simple to assemble and seemed sturdy until I tried to put it on my daughter 's bed . After locking it into position , all it would take is a simple nudge and it would disengage.I am very disappointed in this product and would not recommend purchasing it .
 I can certainly understand that some of the negative reviews come from a misunderstanding or inability to install the rail correctly . We also had this problem when we first set it up . We had to try several things before we figured out how to lock it properly . Once we had it locked we loved it ! Two nights later I tried to lower the rail to tuck the sheets in and one side popped out . It is hard to explain what piece , but basically it was a section that was supposed to help the rail lower and it was already assembled when it came out of the box so it was impossible to push this particular piece back in from where it popped out .
 This bed rail BREAKS and is a danger to your child . It works like large jaw that bites the mattress . It can be tightened at the top of the mattress and at the bottom . The bottom connection is what breaks . Its mechanism includes one of those metal press-in buttons . On one of our bedrails , the metal button ripped off ! On the other , the housing for the metal button pulled out of its socket . Neither can be fixed . Neither can be secured in any way that will keep your child safe . Do not endanger your child with this flimsy contraption .
 First of all Safety 1st 's claim that this rail is for mattresses up to 10 inches thick is WRONG ! We first tried it on a new mattress for my son -LRB- 9 inches thick -RRB- and there was no way this thing would fit . After repeated tries we finally tried it on a thinner , older mattress -LRB- 6 inches thick -RRB- and it took my husband leaning with all his weight repeatedly for this thing to fit ! Forget about having to go thru this everytime I need to change the sheets !! Bottom line
 I bought this bed rail looking for a convenient way to secure my daughter in her bed . She is moving into the twin from her crib . It was convenient and easy to assemble , however upon installation the rail poped up and unlocked itself . The directions call for you to push down on the rail until the base locks and the top guides show a green locked icon . After doing so I noticed the red creeping back into the window and then after about 3 mins . one side completely onlocked . I returned it and grabbed another , thinking it was a one time flaw - but the second one did it as well . I was really disappionted in this bed rail , it had me sold on the touting that their `` no gap '' system was better than its competition . However 0 for 2 tries is now a waste of my time and money . I will be selecting from another line .
 I bought this rail 2 weeks ago for one of my two year old twin boys . After finally getting it put together , I had quite a bit of trouble figuring out exactly how it fit onto the bed . About a half hour later I positioned it onto the mattress , and pushed down on the rail till it `` locked '' into position . This worked fine for about 3 days , until the pressure from the rail caused the mattress to indent . After each passing day , the mattress grooved in more , and I had to apply more pressure to the rail to keep it `` locked '' in place . Needless to say , this rail went back to the store because I did n't want to ruin my mattress ... Unless I terribly misunderstood the directions , this rail is not worth the time or money !!!
 I bought this gate to put on my bed for nights when one of my kids -LRB- ages 3 and 1 -RRB- crawled into bed with us . The assembly went fine and I did n't have any trouble securing it to the mattress . Within the first hour of my one year old sleeping next to the rail , she slammed her head against the not-padded metal pole that runs along the bottom of the bed rail . How can Safety 1st make a product that goes on top of a child 's bed and not pad the metal pole ??? My active sleepers would hit this rail every night . I had to line the bed rail with pillows to avoid future injury . In addition , we had the same trouble as many others when the plastic piece popped out of one of the legs when my husband tried to put the rail down to its unacceptably protruding down position and we were unable to get it back in without it popping right back out . This rail is going back to the store , even though we threw out the box .
 I completely understand why there are so many negative reviews for this bedrail . The first problem is that it takes up about 6 inches off of the mattress . The second problem is that to lock it in place you have to significantly squeeze the mattress . -LRB- After continued use this will definitely damage the mattress . -RRB- Third , it takes a lot of effort to put it up and down -LRB- for changing sheets , etc. -RRB- . I am going to return this and look for another bedrail .
 This bedrail does not work if your mattress is thick or if you have a bed with a large wood frame that surrounds the mattress .
 If you are in search of a bedrail you will quickly be dismayed by the limited selection available at the typical chain stores . Toys/Babies R Us carry this one in the store , and where I shopped in RI , it was the only choice . So home it came . And back it will go . I do not wish to fiddle with the loose hinges and cranking sounds that push the mattress down , -LRB- creating a slope for my 2 year old to roll down -RRB- when I am trying to quietly put my son to sleep . It takes up 6 inches off mattress space and does n't even have the decency to provide padding . Not to mention the fact , that once you do figure out how to `` fold it down '' the thing protrudes out from the mattress a good 4-6 inches , not only looking ugly , but creating a place for the child 's LEG TO GET TRAPPED during daytime use!Ridiculous . product . One Step Ahead has one online , on sale at this writing .
 I registered for this vest in Blue on my Amazon Baby Registry . I was excited to see that one of our friends had bought it for me . Unfortunately , when it came in the mail , it was the ORANGE vest -- not the blue one . I called the company that it was purchased from to let them know of the mistake -LRB- Baby Age -RRB- and they claimed the order was for the orange one . Meanwhile , I 'm looking at the order information on Amazon.com and it shows that the blue one was purchased for us . Now I 'm stuck with an orange vest that I ca n't return b/c the company will only credit the original credit card holder and not issue a gift certificate.The vest itself seems all right . I do n't think it 's any more than a vest with a lot of pockets , which could come in handy for anyone -- not just Dads.But if you want the vest in a color other than orange , beware that it 's likely you 're apparently going to get an orange one .
 We 've had this chair for one month and it already squeaks when we rock in it . The seat cushion has sucken in and we are lighter folks , too . It 's quite crammed and if you 're bigger than me , over 5 ' 3 '' and not petite , it 'll be quick uncomfortable . That being said . I might have considered something else that would have eliminated the $ 40 Target Shipping Price . These reviews made me think it was worth it ... quality is just average but not worth this big price tag . Definitely shop around !
 This diaper cover looked cute in the picture-but in real life it is NOT cute at all . The colors are odd and are not true to camo . I was very disappointed .
 These are nice and thick , but the serging is n't durable at all -- mine came off after the first wash . Other less expensive flannel wipes from other companies have been much , much more durable .
 I like to use these in my wipe warmer , They are thin and easy to clean . My grip is that they are very stiff , even when soaked . No matter how gentle I am when wiping a face or bottom , I feel like this cloth is too rough . I prefer an organic cotton to this flannel wipe .
 I bought these thinking that I could cut out my wipes also , but so far , I have n't used them . They do n't work well dry at all , so I would have to have some form of a system to keep them wet , and with a toddler running around , that is n't too practical for us . Great quality though !
 I have a particularly small child . She was 6 lbs at birth but completely healthy . I purchased this item in hopes to get some relief for my sore nipples . The product is bigger than a bottle nipple . It 's to wide and sticks out to far . It gagged her so she would not use it . I 'm sure it probably works for some people but I had a Medela Nipple shield with my first child that covered all of the areola and was a better fit . This one is bulky . I may have ordered the wrong size so I would say contact a lactation consultant or your hospital 's doula for help . The one I used that worked -LRB- 4 years ago -RRB- was given to me in the hospital . I had to order this one online since we are military and stationed overseas . I did like that the baby gets more skin to skin contact with this item ... so if your child is n't a petite little one ... they may like it .
 I bought this at the recommendation of a nursing consultant because my baby would n't latch on properly . I knew I was wasting my money when I purchased it , but decided to go for it since it did n't cost much . This product is what it is - just a little piece of plastic . It did n't work any miracles for us with breastfeeding , and it did n't help my baby latch on at all .
 When my milk finally came in I was 8 days postpartum after a c-section . My daughter was born 9 lbs 13oz and was hungry , so we had to bottle feed during that first week after the first day , although I tried to latch her on every 2 hours religiously . She never latched and woud scream and cry or fall deeply asleep at every attempt , from day 1 . I started using these after my milk came in and she still showed complete latch refusal . She had no problem latching to the nipple shield and took to it right away.I had an abundant supply of milk . I would soak through breast pads in a couple of hours . After 1 week of using this product she had lost 1 1/2 pounds . By the time she was 3 weeks old i nursed every 2 hours for an hour and she still was losing weight . We stopped using the nipple shields and started bottle feeding . I rented a hospital grade pump and it turned out my supply was so low I could only pump about 8 oz a day , even when pumping for 20-30 minutes 9 times a day . 4 months later i still pump a minimum of 3-4 hours each day , and bottle feed but my supply has never been adequate and save about a week when my supply peaked and her demand was about equal , she has had formula every day of her life.I have read and been told many times that this product CAN decrease milk supply -LRB- not that it does for everyone so please do n't leave a dozen comments saying that it did n't do it to you -RRB- and I KNOW that it decreased my mik supply . I had an abundant supply until I started using it .
 My son has had poor latch issues that have made BFing difficult and painful . I had hoped that this shield would help but it is so big and bulky that he ca n't latch on at all with this thing . My baby is n't a small baby either . He was 12 lbs at birth -LRB- 11 now -RRB- and is very healthy . So for us this was a waste of money and I ca n't recommend it all .
 The hospital lactation consultants really pushed this item . Know that this is detrimental to your milk supply . The baby can not successfully compress the sinuses around the nipple if he latches on to this shield as he will suck more like he would a bottle . It took me 5 very long and frustrating weeks to wean my baby from this thing . That was time I could have spent enjoying my baby rather than fighting with him . Giving him whole , natural breast milk is extremely important to me or I would have given up and just went to formula . A friend of mine gave up on breast feeding all together when faced with the same problem . The same consultants at the same hospital pushed it on her as well.If you have flat or inverted nipple know that you do not need an aid . Your baby knows no other nipple and will figure it out . Once the La Leche League leader in my area told me this , it gave me the strength to go for weaning my baby from it .
 My daughter did n't take to these at all . She got frustrated quickly . These did help with pain while she was trying to latch on but since she would only make a few attempts before she was in hysterics we did n't use them . I am now exclusively pumping and bottle feeding . Works better for us and much less pain for me !
 I find I never use the DaVinci tool and I sometimes will use the Still point inducer . I went through a phase where I had such horrible knots in my back that I was willing to try anything . The DaVinci tool was too awkward to use and place in the right spot & get it to stay . I found the Backnobber II to be most effective for knots . When my sinuses are bothering my skull/head , I 'll use the Still Point Inducer . . but it only temporarily feels good . As soon as I get up from using it , I still have the same sinus pressure . If I was to do it all over again , I would not have bothered to purchase these items .
 I bought this with high hopes but it did n't stick to the table well and anytime my daughter slightly tugged @ it , it came off . Returning it .
 Seems to be good quality , but would n't stick to our wood dining table - I tried wetting the suction and still no luck . It 's been sitting in a drawer since we got it .
 We like the green mat so much that we received as a baby gift over a year ago that we decided to purchase another one . I saw some negative comments about the blue mat & chose to go with the green , hoping for a better outcome . Unfortunately , that was n't the case . Like others have said about the blue mat , the material for the green placement is clearly different now . It 's a much brighter shade of green , but more importantly , the suction cups did n't work on Day 1 . We 've been using our older green mat for months now & the suction cups on that one still work fine . I suspect that , over time , this green one also will begin warping like others have described with the blue version .
 I purchased this in Mar 2012 , to relpace the ` same ' mat I had originally purchased sometime in 2010 . I used to love this product , and was just interested in replacing the original mat because of expected wear and tear . The mat I just received in was SMALLER , constructed of NOT AS DURABLE plastic , and the catch-trough was ALREADY WEAK , immediately spilling anything my child dropped into his lap.I have reccommended this product to countless friends , but will STOP doing so , as it has become an inferior and basically useless product . I would have continued to include it in all baby-shower gifts I gave , but NOT anymore . I would return it , but with return shipping costs/my time , it is not worth it.Buyer Beware -- The favorable reviews you have read are probably based on the earlier product .
 Very cheap . I purchased this item with high hopes . The matt did not even stick to the table . Had to return it .
 I saw this and I thought it would be great . It would keep my daughter 's food off of a dirty table and catch the food that she drops . It does do those things but it is hard to clean . It gets pretty dirty , and in the catching pouch , there are grooves that make it hard to wipe the mess out of . I used it twice and will never use it again . I recommend the Table Toppers - they are disposable mats that you stick to the table and throw away when you are done . They stay in place better , and you can wrap them around the edge of the table so baby will not put mouth on table . I use the mats with a crumb catcher bib from walmart that catches her messes better that this one did . Her lap says clean and clean up is a lot easier . You do not have to worry about putting the dirty mat back into your diaper bag .
 I was given this as a gift and I was very excited to use it out and about . But when we were out in the restaurant they did not stick and my daughter could easily pull it off . Plus when we were all done , I had to try to clean it off as best I could , then put it in my diaper bag-yuck ! I much prefer the plastic disposable tablemats that stick on the table .
 Loved the idea and the look of it , but it did n't work for long . The first use was great . After that my 10 mo old figured out how to pull it up off the table . The suction cups would n't keep it held down . The material kind of attracts dust and crumbs , so once I had packed it in my bag and tried to re-use it , I just did n't get good suction with the cups even after wiping them off . Bummer , because I really wanted it to work . Ended up tossing it .
 I bought this after I went to the mall with my 10 month old daughter and tried to eat in the food court . She does n't have a tray on her stroller so I put her in a highchair but had nothing for her to eat off of that she could n't throw . I searched for something I could put on the table and found this placemat . We used it once and my daughter was flinging the scoop and pulling up on the suction cups-making a mess . The size of the placemat was nice but it had a weird sticky feel to it -LRB- it was washed and never used -RRB- . Then I did some searching and found something that works much better for us-the Twingles Collapsible Stroller Tray . Its a folding tray that you can attach to the stroller or to a standard restaurant highchair . It does n't cost much more than this placemat -LRB- $ 16.95 -RRB- but its so much more versatile . It folds up small enough to fit in your diaper bag or stroller basket . My daughter is happy as a clam if she has some finger food to keep her busy while I 'm shopping but its hard to shop efficiently while handing her bite sized pieces one at a time . So I just attach the tray and she can take what and how much food she wants . It 's the perfect size and it has a lip around it to help prevent spills . When you use it in a restaurant highchair , your child has their own eating space at the perfect level , still very close to the table , without being able to grab at menus , salt & pepper shakers , etc. . I 've only been able to find it at www.twingles.net and www.onestepahead.com . Its dishwasher safe and comes in navy blue or white . Of all the baby gadgets I have , this is the most useful and the one I 'd have the hardest time without . This is a must have for any parent and baby on the go .
 This placemat seemed like a terrific idea for eating out and eating at the table , but it has two fatal flaws :1 -RRB- Even if the table is the kind of surface on which suction cups work -LRB- formica , glass -RRB- , they 're not so strong that a determined toddler -LRB- mine is 17 months -RRB- ca n't peel them right up . The placemat becomes just one more toy to fling around .2 -RRB- The catch trough is easily bent out of shape so that it catches nothing.We 'll be sticking -LRB- pun intended -RRB- with the disposable adhesive mats , future landfill waste that they are .
 The suction cups are worthless . When this arrived , I tried it one time and my son threw the entire meal on the floor within about half a minute . I am mad at whoever designed this stupid thing , let alone decided it was worth $ 12 -LRB- including shipping ! -RRB- . It is still , a week later , curled up -LRB- wo n't lay flat -RRB- and the suction cups do n't stick to anything . More of a toy than a placemat . I am back to the disposable placemats with sticky stuff on the back .
 I usually do not write reviews , but since everyone gave such a high rating I thought that people needed to know the other side before they spent their money . When we go out the only thing that my child does is lift the scoop part up and down until everything on the tray goes flying . The suction cups hold so-so . I think that this is a great idea and a great product for older children . Experiment with your child . If something is in front of them such as a suction cup bowl , do they try to lift it up ? If so this might not be the product for you .
 We had a Kiddopotamuc Tinydiner when my 7 year old was a toddler and loved it . It lasted about two years when I finally threw it out because he did n't need it anymore . When my two year old started sitting at the table a few months ago I rushed out to buy another one . To my EXTREME disappointment , it was immediately obvious that they do n't make them like they used it.When I took it out of the box , it had huge creases and to this day , will not lay flat . I also made the mistake of putting it in the dishwasher . The one I had 5 years ago was put in the dishwasher several times a week and came out looking fine . The one I bought 4 months ago shriveled up the first time I put it in the dishwasher and will not take it 's shape or stick to the table anymore . It 's also only 4 months in and the tray has completely ripped off.I used to recommend this placemat to all my new Mommy friends . Unfortunately , I can no longer do that . It is a crying shame that they had to go and cheap-out and ruin a perfectly wonderful product . I eagerly await another company to step in and make a superior product . My business will be all theirs .
 We have a similar item in green that we ordered about 8 months ago that works great . It lies flat , is easy to wash and keep clean , etc.This blue one however arrived wadded up in the packaging , and has never `` unwadded '' itself . It has been washed in the same dishwasher at the same settings as the green one , but the blue one simply melts or warps and is impossible to use because it wo n't flatten onto the table . Not sure if the material changed or if the different color was made differently , but this product is simply unusable and we returned it .
 This is a piece of junk . The design is flawed in that the built-in gutter acts as a chute , and the food ends up on the floor under my baby 's feet . The suction cups stopped working after less than a month , and two of them even tore off . I wanted a Piggy Platter by Smarty Parent , but they were sold out , so I settled for this Tinydiner . What a waste of money . Now Smarty Parents has come out with a new BPA version of the Piggy Platter that are calling the Kiddy Platter . -LSB- ... -RSB- / That 's what I 'm buying now that the Tinydiner is in the trashcan .
 I thought this product looked great and based on other reviews I had high expectations . It does catch food - but the suction cups do not work at all .
 These are terrible . They do n't really stick onto the table well ; the little trough becomes a handle for the baby to pull the whole thing up , and worst of all is that the material attracts dust & dirt like a magnet , so unless you are just taking this directly from washing it in a sink , it will be covered will debris by the time you want to use it . Just bring some cleaning cloths to wipe a table instead .
 I bought this placemat because the idea of a tray that catches the food appealed to me . However , the tray is extremely flexible . When I used this for my daughter , she would press her body against it , put her hands in it , or bend it and the food would get all over her clothes . This was especially a problem when she would eat messy foods such as applesauce or spaghetti .
 I bought this thinking it would be great , but have been VERY disappointed . The suction cups do n't stick very well -LRB- especially on wood -RRB- even if you wet them first . My daughter is able pull it right off the table and dump the mess on the floor .
 Cute looking but not very useful . My 9 month old daughter just rips it off the table and throws it on the floor .
 Good concept but it does n't have enough suction cups to hold it in place when a curious 14 month old tries to play with it instead of eating off it . As long as your child does n't tug or pull at it then its okay but even just the littlest tug and the mat along with your childs food is all over ! Its more of a hassle to use this thing than it would be to get the disposable table toppers that stick flat to the table ! Do not recommend this to anyone with an active baby ... especially a toddler !!!!
 I bought a pink one of these for my daughter about eight months ago . It 's wonderful and I do n't know what I would do without it . I use it so much , I decided to get a second one . When it arrived I thought it was defective and returned it for another . The third one is just as awful . Unlike the first beloved one , the new model does n't lay flat , does n't keep it 's shape , ca n't be washed in the dishwasher , and does n't stick to the table . I am so sad that they ruined a product that I liked so much .
 We bought this placemat while vacationing in California because we were eating almost all our meals at restaurants . At first I loved the product because my 14-month old son would not have to eat off restaurant tables anymore . Before the placemats , my husband and I would wipe the tables with anticeptic wipes , but the wipes would always end up black with grime ! Like other reviewers , we also tried placing napkins on the table but our son kept tugging them off . We thought this product was the answer , but we found a few negatives with the placemat by the end of the trip.Pros : - The tray caught the crumbs most of the time and distracted my son from playing with the underside of tables which were really disgusting at most restaurants . - The size is quite generous once unfolded . - The weight of the placemat and the rubber material keep it from sliding around . - It 's more environmentally friendly than the disposable kind . - The rolled-up design allows for easy storage in diaper bags.Cons : - The suction cups do n't work on all tables . Many restaurants we ate at had tablecloths which rendered the suction cups useless . - The rubber material is very difficult to clean on the go . We tried wiping it with water and napkins -LRB- both paper and cloth -RRB- at the restaurant at the end of our meals . The cloth napkins left lint all over because of the rubber and the paper napkins just disintegrated . We also tried using anticeptic wipes , they always left a stick film on the placemat . The only way to effectively clean the placemat was using dish detergent and water at a sink , but who has that when traveling?I think we will try the disposable ones from now on .
 We did not like this placemat at all . The suction cups would not stick and our grandson would pull it up and play with it . If you are going to buy placemats , buy the disposable ones with the adhesive . This one did not work at all . We just wasted our money on this one .
 I bought this thinking it would be handy to take to restaurants , but it does n't stick to many different types of tables . I used it about 3 times and then gave up . It 's been gathering dust ever since .
 Not worth the cost . We wanted to save time on the after-the-meal cleanup , but it has not changed . Our 18 month old is more concerned with taking the thing off the table or trying to fold it back up and play with it , than he is with eating his food . It is just more of a mealtime distraction for us!Besides , the suction cup only sticks to one of the textures of our tile topped table !
 we use this with a portable chair that mounts onto the table . When we clamp the chair down over the mat on our wood dining table it leaves marks from the clamps . The chair by itself makes no marks at all , so it must be some type of reaction with the placemat and the wood . be careful ... . have put some heavy card stock in to separate from the table and seems to do fine . other than that it works great . easy to travel with and easy to clean -LRB- if you take it off the table and throw it in the sink ... does n't wipe off real well with a damp rag -RRB-
 i was so excited to use this when i first bought it . i was quickly disappointed . this is a good concept but it just does n't stay suctioned . this ended up being tossed around by my little guy and he would not leave it alone . i ended up buying and using the disposable table toppers and found that they make going out to eat a lot less stressful .
 I bought this thinking it was a great concept . It ended up not being practical at all . It does not stick to many surfaces for starters . I originally bought this for my son when he was about a year old and he was able to scrape it right off the table so all the food on it ended up a big old mess on the floor . Now I decided to try it out with my younger son recently and same thing , ripped it right off the table . Now it sits on a shelf in the closet .
 I got these for eating at restaurants with my twins . I loved that they had the little catch-cup to help keep food OFF my kids and they provided clean-by-my-standards surface for them to eat off of.However , I found that the suction cups do NOT stick if the table is n't either laminant or extremely laquered . If the table has any `` roughness '' at all ... forget about these things sticking to it!Also while it 's great that your child does n't have to touch the nasty restaurant table ... you have to either take the stains and crumbs with you or go rinse the thing in the bathroom ! I have twins & I do n't want to drag my babies to the bathroom in the restaurant to rinse them off before I leave . Even if you do rinse them ... they 're wet and drippy in your diaper bag unless you take the time to dry them . Too labor-intensive for me.It rolls up , which is great for portability . Now maybe I 'm alone in this but I had what I call `` Mommy Brain '' . As soon as I put the things in the diaper bag , I forgot about them . It was a week before I needed to use my diaper bag again ... and discovered that I 'd placed these placemats in there dirty ... and they were nasty after a week to ferment.I 've found it 's just easier to use the stick-on disposible placemats .
 My son figured out during the first use how to pull it off of the table . He was trilled with the little crumb catcher and kept pealing it back to look underneath . He would n't even eat with it . I may just cut that part off with a pair of scissor and see if that works better .
 This thing would not stay suctioned to the table . Period . Took it back the very same day .
 the suction cups work for about 30 seconds . it is tough to get clean if your child eats pizza or spaghetti . i do like the spill cup in front but it just doesnt stay flat . i bought a $ 10 dog food mat at target that works better than this .
 The mat did n't lay flat or stay suctioned to the table . Milk cups repeatedly fell over due to this and rolled off table . It was n't very easy to clean without soaking it everyday . We liked the thickness of it and thought the part the hung over the table was a good idea , but it just made a worse mess when the kids leaned over it .
 Did n't really think about whether the suction cups would work on a porous surface -LRB- they do n't -RRB- so that 's my fault . I 've tried it on our bench top and it 's ok , but because of the way it is packaged/rolled up it does n't lay very flat . My baby can just pick it up and rip it off.The colour of the product received is much brighter than the pastel green in the image provided.Will probably re-sell or give this one away , or just keep it for traveling .
 I actually bought this at Baby 's R US . I tried to use it on my oak dining room table and the suctions cups did n't work . The table has some texture to it , so that may be the problem . I will be returning it .
 I bought the placemat for travel purposes for my 15 month old who loves to self-feed but will throw plates around if they are in front of him . In theory , this placemat is a great idea but the suctions are not strong enough for a toddler ; he had this thing off the table in 15 seconds . Now it is sitting in the closet . I hate wasting money .
 This is by far , the WORST $ 10 I EVER spent . The product comes rolled up and has yet to `` settle '' . The suction cups do NOT work ! Forget about washing it ! NOTHING comes off of it ! It 's completely covered in stains . We 've only had this item for maybe a week and I 'm about to throw it away . Please do NOT waste your money on this item .
 We tried this placemat along with the disposable ones and neither worked for us . This one was just too bulky to carry in her bag ... it never folded back up to the size it was in the box . We also had trouble getting it to stick to tables . The least little bit of moisture or texture and it would n't work . On the rare occasions that we could get it to work then we had to deal with cleaning it . Wipes did n't work and napkins were even worse . Most times my husband or I had to head off to the restroom to try to get it clean enough to take home . It honestly was more trouble than it was worth . We finally just opted for cleaning wipes in her bag ... we clean the heck out of her area of the table and then just let her have at it . When she 's done we clean up her mess.I understand the theory behind this product but it needs works before it 's a real benefit and must have item .
 This toy box was so adorable and had great reviews so we ordered it for something stylish to match our daughters room . It came packaged very well , as everything we get from Amazon is . When I opened the door of the chest , I heard two popping sounds and the sound of what I saw where screws coming out of the particle board and falling . Other screws were already inside the chest . It then became almost impossible to close , as the hinge was also bent . Amazon was great with the return and within 2 days , this toy box was picked up and a replacement delivered . The replacement came packaged just as well , and we were able to open the chest with no problems , but every screw that connects the hinge to the door was loose . My husband grabbed a screwdriver to tighten them but they do not catch any of the particle board . It is the only thing I do n't like about this , and we 'll have to return this one too . I hate to do it because it 's beautiful and made in the USA the product info says , but knowing it 'll be opened and shut multiple times a day , this one wo n't last , and definitely do n't need screws popping out -LRB- that ca n't be screwed in anyway -RRB- that are small enough for a child to put in their mouths and swallow . I agree with another positive reviewer that they wished they did n't skimp and use particle board . A stronger wood and longer screws would make it perfect .
 First off let me just start by saying that this item arrived very quickly but unfortunately arrived damaged . Upon inspecting this item I also noticed that it is very poorly constructed . I ca n't see anyone receiving this item undamaged . It is made from pressed wood which feels almost like thick cardboard . I ca n't imagine anyone being able to keep this for years of use . If it did n't arrive damaged , I 'm sure my son , who is 1 , would have this destroyed in a few days . I would def . steer clear of this product . I liked the idea that this was microfiber instead of painted wood which was what attracted me to it in the first place . I hope I can find a similar but well-made product . Not worth the $ 106 that is on the price tag . More like a $ 25 product .
 I was very very disappointed in this product . From the reviews , I expected a very nice piece , but the actual toy box was very poorly made . I ordered the pink and white polka dot , and the fabric was a really cheap furry fabric that looked absolutely awful . You would have to use your hand to make it all go the same direction to look even halfway decent , and in some areas of the box , it was stretched funny and the polka dots were more oval . The inside is n't lined with anything and is just particle board . I have bought much nicer boxes from Target for less money . I think I 'll stick with those . Thankfully Amazon has free returns because this one is going right back .
 Ordered this box in Tan Dot -LRB- color name -RRB- . Arrived first time with a blue , tan , brown pattern . Returned the item for exchange . Customer service was very nice , paid for shipping and everything , even arranged for pick up . Arrived second time with same color pattern , not Tan Dot . Tan Dot would have been a much more in tune with my other room furnishings . But I gave up and accepted that they do n't know Tan Dot from Blue/Tan/Brown circles.The box itself is great . Very happy with the construction , function , features .
 After trying these spoons for one week my wife could n't figure out why our son was n't enjoying his food anymore . She tried them herself and found out that there is some sort of chemical leaking out of the spoon plastic covering . It gives off a bad taste , possibly toxic . My wife made me taste it too , and writing this review -LRB- 15 min later -RRB- I still can taste that awful plastic taste . These need more testing , or maybe just a lawsuit . At the very least I 'm going to return these for a full refund .
 For some reason there is a divided bowl and spoon pictured , and that what I thought I was ordering . Instead I got some huge spoons that I had no interest in
 As a lifeguard and swim instructor who has worked at several public pools and works with people who have worked at many others , I have found a common theme of these being banned at almost all public pools because , when worn alone , they do not form an appropriate sanitary barrier . If worn with a plastic swim diaper with elastic around the legs they can work quite well . But when they are not they can lead to contamination of the water .
 The little swimmers work just fine but this price is NOT a good price - I found the diapers much cheaper at the store !
 VERY strong chemical smell coming off of these . They do not contain the poo ... it leaks out . Get a cloth swim diaper ! We did and they actually work .
 My husband and I bought this monitor for our baby thinking it would be great . We were WRONG !! We liked how it would hook on the side of the crib or pack-n-play , but the handheld part was awful . We could only put it in a certain part of our house and it had to face a certain way and maybe if someone did n't walk in front of it , it would work . Other than that , pure static . We have since found out that Fisher Price makes better monitors . Do n't waste your money on this piece of garbage .
 I bought this baby monitor at Babies R Us when my daughter was little , and only ended up using it recently because she used to sleep in her play yard instead of her room . It 's too bad I did n't try it out before , because then I could have gotten my money back!The handheld monitor is very annoying , because all I hear is static ... even when there are no phones , television or computers being used . It also stops working for no apparent reason -LRB- when it is stationed in the same place -RRB- and I have to go up into my daughter 's room , change the frequency channel , and risk waking her up while doing so . Several times I have heard a loud static that seems to come from the part of the monitor that stays in her room ... and that 's exactly what happens!I can hear my daughter when she wakes up -LRB- crying -RRB- and I like being able to speak to her over the monitor , but it 's just not worth buying this product !
 Ok , I 'll be honest - we never even got these installed . My dad , who is VERY mechanically inclined and my husband spent half an hour trying to figure out how to even unroll it . Then , they spent another hour trying to figure out how they were going to rig it up so it would work with our stairs . We have the carpet covered baseboards and then a chair-rail like trim . Even with the extra installation kit , it was going to be a HUGE challenge . But , the deciding factor in my sending these back was how hard they were to open . I have elderly in-laws and several different babysitters who were ALL going to need to use these to go up and down the stairs several times a visit . It was just too hard for me to try to remember the 3 steps it took to open them , let alone asking all those other people to do it . I sent them back and ordered an accordian style gate instead . We 'll see how it goes !
 I love the idea , but the implementations of this has some drawbacks ... It is LOUD when it retracts . Very loud . There 's no way anyone could sleep through that noise , not even a sleeping baby.It is really tough to get both the bottom and top of the item to latch.I will be replacing this item in the next few weeks . It just is n't workable for us .
 Using this is too difficult . It definitely takes both hands and a lot of finagling to get the top and bottom lined up and hooked in . I 'm getting a different gate .
 The spring in this gate broke after 6 months of use . I am very dissapointed and out a good chunk of money . Of course its too late to return it . I would not reccomend this gate . The open and close latch on it was a total pain as well . Not worth it .
 This gate is the worst - it can not be opened and shut with one hand -LRB- as it claims -RRB- and the locking mechanisms is so difficult that it works about 50 % of the time and that is after i had practiced ! it brought my mother-in-law to tears while babysitting . stay away !
 I was very excited to order this gate for the top of the stairs as I have a 2 year old and an 11 month , and both are very active . From the review on this site and the ones on other sites I thought I was going to get a superb gate , as I really did n't care much about the slight difficulty in use as long as it protected my boys . This gate has been up a total of three weeks and my two year old already managed to break it which is unacceptable to me . When he wanted to go downstairs as he obviously can walk down stairs fine he would put a little weight by leaning on the gate in the middle . We always nixed this right away so it really did n't get leaned on all that much . So even with just a small amount of leaning on it he managed to bend the top part of the main base about 45 degrees to the inside !!! This now causes the latch of the top bracket to be loose ... you can kind of manually tighten by turning the roll , but today my dog nudged the gate twice -LRB- not hard at all -RRB- with his nose and totally unlatched the top and was able to get through the gate . Very disappointed . Now you may wonder if we installed this right , and be assured we did , used the level and all.After a few times the lock/unlock mechanism was easy to figure out . I can definitely unlock and open the gate with one hand ... to lock it with one hand had to be real lucky , but it is rather hard to catch both the hooks with one hand . As others have stated it is also very loud , but again if it was a safe gate that would not have bothered me.I would not recommend you get this gate unfortunaltly .
 There is no way you will ever get this gate open with a baby in your arms . It is aesthetically well designed and flows well in the house since it rolls up nicely . However , it is not practical for a high/moderate traffic area of the house . We have it covering a large opening from the kitchen and constantly end up with either the top or the bottom hook attached but rarely both.The problem with the install is not complexity but rather precision . I finally got the install right after 3 holes in the wall . It is tricky since you really have to accurately line up the hooks in order to get good tension on both the top and bottom . If you do n't have a level and measuring tape you will end up with a few holes in the wall/door .
 During the first use the top bead -LRB- closest to the pacifier -RRB- got a huge crack in it and will be breaking off soon . Not safe for baby . I dont think my baby even put it in his mouth . If he did it still should n't have cracked ... he has no teeth ! Returning it .
 I loved the look , the feel , everything about this chain until this weekend . I bought at christmas for my son , he is now 4.5 months -LRB- 2 months later -RRB- and teething , puts everything in his mouth and sucks on everything . Well the wetness caused the wood to crack on three beads , I noticed it in time , a small bit of pressure with my fingers and was able to break all three beads into pieces . I am so glad this did n't happen when my son was playing with it , easy to choke on these pieces . If you use this item makes sure to check often for cracks !
 This pacifier chain is great-looking , but it does not hold up to lots of chewing/sucking . My son is 4 1/2 months old and puts everything in his mouth . I checked on the chain after he chewed on it for a while and noticed that 2 beads were cracked ! I ended up having to throw it out since I was afraid the beads would break and become a choking hazard .
 I splurged on this item for my daughter two years ago , but she used it maybe 6 or 8 times , as she never took a pacifier . I love Haba products in general and have always found them to be of really high quality . My son is now 9 mos old and we 've used this pacifier tether maybe 3 or 4 dozen times . I have never seen him chewing on the beads or string , just the soothie teething pacifier attached to the end of it . The other day , while it was attached to his onesie and he was tugging on it , the string gave way , sending beads flying all over the room . He of course put some in his mouth immediately . It looks like a knot hidden within the beadwork came undone , but I 'm not sure . I am grateful I was there and he was not hurt . I notified Haba and the CPSC of the potential choking hazard . Haba responded quickly and professionally by email and phone , including a request that the pieces be sent to them for further investigation . The CPSC called me in response to my online report and told me that because of prior complaints , they have an ongoing investigation into these pacifier chains , and they are sending someone out to interview me and take photos of the pieces before they are sent back to the manufacturer . It is a really nice wooden alternative to some of the other paci tethers out there , but until they figure out whatever the problem is , and if it can be fixed , I can not recommend it to anyone .
 My 8 month old loved this ! I knew he would , that is why I was willing to spend so much money on it . Unfortunately he can easily pull the clip off and he starts to chew on the metal alligator clip part in the blink of an eye . I have had several binky clips with my kids and none came off this easy . I 'm too afraid to let him use it because I 'm too afraid of his tongue getting pinched by the clip . It is super cute and fun but there is a design flaw .
 This is a really neat pacifier chain -- great colors and shapes , holds our child 's interest , makes the pacifier VERY hard to lose , and no worries about the product being made in China . That said , I am sad to report that after only five months of use , the yellow bead closest to the pacifier is splitting down the middle . Our child does put the chain in his mouth a lot , but he has no teeth , so my guess is that there 's an issue with getting the beads wet -LRB- bad design flaw if that 's the case -RRB- or we happened to get an item with a defective bead . In any case , I hesitate to recommend this item without reservation , and would suggest that if you DO order this item , keep an eye on it for splits in the beads .
 The description says that it is 15X33 . This is not true . When I measured it was 11X24 . The picture and description does n't say anything about the underneath being white instead of red . The fitted sheet was so poorly sewn that the first time washing it I 'm sure it would have fallen apart . The fabric was see through . The return process was horrible and I was out restocking fees and shipping costs . Had it been properly represented I would not have ordered it .
 i figured this is something you can go cheap on . how hard is it to make a decent changing pad cover ?! this is poor quality terry , too small for the pad , and already has a hole in the seam after 2 washes .
 I chose this cover for the color and material . I was very disappointed when I put it on the change pad and it did not fit . Our change pad is a standard size by Summer Infant . It did not fully cover the sides and I put something in the center , about the weight of a baby -LRB- I am due next month -RRB- the corners lifted off . It is too bad because I really liked it and had to return it .
 I was excited to find a changing pad cover for $ 10 , but I will be returning this item . The material is SO THIN ! It 's a tad small for a standard size , contoured changing pad so it comes up a bit on the sides which looks very ugly . The purple is a dull lavender , I was hoping it would be a little more vibrant in color . The color I could overlook , but it 's so thin and small that there 's no point in having it . With a coupon I can get a yard of nice minky fabric in the color I want for less than $ 10 and make my own nice thick minky dot changing pad cover . Even if you 're not handy with sewing though , it 's worth it to spend a little more and get something worth having . Do n't waste your time or money on this item .
 This changing table cover was okay . After first wash , it was still okay . Then after consecutive washes , the seams began falling apart . Maybe it was just mine , not so sure . I only have one changing table cover , when soiled , I use the larger/rectangular receiving blankets .
 I bought this changing pad cover because it was really affordable . However , I did not read the description closely enough where it states ` flat changing table cover ' . I have a Summer Infant changing pad that is the standard shape and size and this cover did not fit - it is way too small to cover the pad . Make sure when you purchase this you have a FLAT changing pad .
 Purchased this item for a Serta contour changing pad and it was n't until it was on the changing pad that I realized it did n't fit correctly because it was n't made for a contoured changing pad . I guess I did n't fully read the description so the ill fit was n't that big of a deal . However , the material seems kind of cheap and the terry tends to pick if you catch velcro - from a diaper tab or swaddle blanket - on it . Overall I like the Carter 's and Babies R Us brand changing pad covers much better - the better quality is worth the few extra dollars . I would not purchase this item again , even if it did fit the Serta changing pad .
 This is the worst mobile ever . Looks good but it is incredible easy to get it tangled up and impossible to untangle . What a waste .
 I tried to save money by ordering these but they are terrible . Size 6 is really like size 4 , they often rip , never stay closed and are useless for holding any fluid . Total waste of money ; spend a few more dollars for the name brands , or 7th generation .
 I have 3 children and have used store brand for all of them . I found these for a great price and thought I 'd give them a try . What a waste of money . They leak like crazy and my son wakes up from nap wet and I 've had to change him in the night . Not worth the little bit of savings , I 'm using more diapers a day than I was so its not saving me anything .
 The item is way overpriced at 59.99 -LRB- just a patch of fabric with a couple of nylon straps , and absolutely no structure , stability or style . I did n't get the cheaper `` non-deluxe '' model because it has thick fleece that would get too warm . -LRB- And should n't the thick fleece one be the more expensive one anyway ? -RRB- Unless I missed the french fries , they have some nerve calling this thing a Deluxe anything . The cell phone holder is dopey . It attaches to the waist belt with velcro and droops and looks \ feels lame , so I do n't use it . Playtex , keep your 29 cent mesh laundry bag and useless cell phone holder and put a reasonable price on this mediocre product . Oh yeah , and what 's with the tacky dangling straps - front and back ? I bought this because my son , at 9 1/2 months was 24 pounds and had outgrown the Baby Bjorn -LRB- 25lb max anyway -RRB- . The Hip Hammock claims it 's good up to 35 lbs , but I think that 's for mothers with cast iron necks and wrought iron collar bones . Carrying my 24 pound son in it is immediately annoying and then painful -- and I 'm no weakling . I 've tried every which way and every tension . This is probably only good for people with smaller babies , which defeats the whole purpose . I 'm returning mine and will use the money to buy the neck brace I now need because of it .
 i wanted this carrier for so long , and when I got it I did n't have to wait to long to see how painful is on my shoulders , the pad and the shoulder strap keep twisting all the time even when is already on ; and for some reason the weight does n't goes to your hip , a try it for a month , I try it tight and loose . . and always is your shoulder and neck the ones that suffer ... A terrible bad product . Finally I made myself the `` MAYA SLING '' , it work perfect ! nothing bulky , easy to wear and to carry , no straps , 100 % padded , I used with both of my babies 13 months and 30 month . It is very comfortable and simply . sometimes tecnology does n't do better than simple and old fashioned ... The hip hammock stay somewhere in a box ...
 I was so excited when I bought this carrier that I try it on the next day . But after using it for a mere 15 minutes , my shoulder hurts . I attributed the pain to my old shoulder problem and decided to have my husband try it . He tried it and developed pain on his shoulder as well -LRB- after 30 mins -RRB- . He is stronger than me and our baby is about 20 lbs . My husband said he would rather just carry our baby with his own hands than using this product . Perhaps this carrier is only suitable for smaller babies or for someone that has really strong shoulder and neck . I am returning this and will be looking for a better carrier . Hopefully it wo n't be as pricy as this .
 My nephew 's baby fell out of a Playtex Hip Hammock at the grocery store when the seams broke in August of ' 05 . When they called Playtex to report that the seams broke and dropped the baby , Playtex informed them this product was recalled 2/22/2005 because of failure of the seams . I looked up on amazon and saw they are currently for sale . -LRB- ... -RRB- My nephew loved this item till it dropped his daughter !!! Be sure what you buy is not a recalled item .
 Do n't buy this b/c you think it 's the only hip carrier out there !! I almost bought this and after reading about how DANGEROUS it is and how many babies have fallen out -LRB- product was recalled 8/05 -RRB- I decided to check other options . I found a GREAT alternative on babystyle.com and it is only $ 40 !!!!!!!!! I was thrilled to find a much nicer -LRB- comes in three colors -RRB- and safer hip carrier !
 I purchased the Baby Bjorn which worked really well for us until our baby was about 15 pounds then she became too heavy so I purchased the Hip Hammock since it is for bigger babies . The first couple of times I used it I liked it but then I started getting a pinched nerve in my neck area . I am only 5 feet tall so I had to adjust the straps all the way and my baby is pretty big . I finally returned it to the store since it was n't cheap and we could n't use it anymore .
 We have owned this stroller for almost 2 years now , and my feelings on it have shifted from `` it 's not great , but it 'll work '' to `` Oh , no . I have to use THAT stroller again ! '' . I hate it . It drives like a stretch limo with rear wheel drive , it is a pain to fold , the front seat is uncomfortable and does n't recline much , nor does it support a toddler 's head when napping . The snack tray falls off every time I try to fold it , and the foot rest falls off about half the time . The canopies are a pain to deal with when trying to fold the stroller , and the front canopy is not really big enough to provide much shade . It also can fold completely back so that the child in front can push it all the way back and hit the child sitting in back in the face . The rear canopy is good , though . The basket is almost impossible to access , and if the child in the second row is over 2 1/2 , his or her feet will kick anything in the basket anyway . Also , the rear seat is a pain to install and remove . The actual buttons and snaps are pretty simple , but trying to get the restraints removed from the stroller frame so the the seat can be removed is really annoying . It was OK -LRB- and just OK -RRB- when using with an infant -LRB- in a carrier -RRB- and a small toddler , but I finally bought a new stroller shortly after my son outgrew his carrier . This one is just too annoying to use very often . Also , now that I have a third baby , the button holes that are supposed to hold the rear seat in place have stretched and torn enough that the second seat will not stay in place and slides forward constantly . It is such a pain . I strongly do NOT recommend this stroller !
 I loved this stroller until mine broke . I have only been using it since December , and I rarely use it -LRB- 4 or 5 times a month -RRB- but the ` sturdy ' platform in the back is cracked . I contacted support last week to find out where to get a new platform . So far all I have received is questions regarding when I purchased it and how heavy my kids are . I have a 3 year old girl and a 9 month old and they are not heavy kids -LRB- 30lbs and 19 lbs -RRB- . Still the platform broke and I need a replacement . I was n't asking for anything for free , although many good companies would have been more helpful . So here I am a week later with no solution . Apparenlty timely communication is not their strong suit . In the meantime I am considering getting a different brand of a double stroller so I am not without for any longer . If we would n't have had an issue with the cracked seat and the related support I would have given this stroller 5 stars .
 Do not buy Baby Trend strollers ! I only gave it 1 star because I could n't figure out how to give it none . We have a Safari Travel System and the support bar between the rear wheels completely broke in two after less than 4 months of daily walks on the sidewalk . And Baby Trend refuses to cover a repair or replacement . Only buy if you consider strollers disposable items , because ours is now ready to throw away .
 I have been trying to get a broken sunshade replaced with baby trend for nearly 2 months now . the customer service manager has refused to work with me on this issue and has even yelled at me through emails . i have taken the issue up with the CEO/President of baby trend and have been waiting for a reply . If you buy this stroller it is a great stroller but just a warning ... their email contact on their website does not work and when you call it may take you 9 days before someone even answers the phone i mean 9 work days and also that is calling on redial all day long . in addition , leaving messages gets you no where with this company . They also have no online ordering parts system or via the phone . All replacement pieces must be ordered via a personal check or money order they do n't take debit or credit and you have to send it in which takes weeks and then they hold it until it is processed through . It is not like fisher price , playskool or little tikes , where you can replace a piece over the phone and have it at your doorstep within 3 business days . so please know that it is a great stroller but if something goes wrong be prepared to wait weeks before getting through to someone and then get ready to hear NO in your answer : -RRB-
 It 's bulky , it 's ill-fitting , but it 'll keep kids dry . The plastic is n't high quality and is very inflexible in cold weather . It 's much more useful in warm or hot weather , but then , it 's a furnace . Be VERY careful that kids do n't overheat .
 What happened to the one for single strollers ? I only have one child , but he gets just as wet in the rain !
 As some others mentioned , the uneven ropes are a pain.The crimped ropes made it impossible to even the swing.We eventually just cut the ropes and tied knots to get the desired angle for a safe ride for the child.I would NOT recommend this to anyone .
 Product arrived , attempted to install . Rope lengths are different and since they are fixed/bolted in , there is no adjustment . Swing is useless , sent it back . Pass on this piece of junk , buy the 2 in 1 Snug & Secure swing instead .
 What a waste of money ! I bought this for my daughter 's first birthday and when we got the cardboard off it we found that one side of the rope was much longer than the other . It had been crimped in the wrong spot , there 's no way to fix it . It also is n't long enough to hang it on any tree except maybe a small bush . Save your money for a better swing , this one 's not worth it .
 We loved this swing last summer when my son was under 12 months old . My little guy is a peanut and I thought it would last a while , however , as he began to move around he was able to flip the swing . He was just over a year and leaned forward as far as he could and the whole thing flipped over . Needless to say we took it down immediately . We are now looking into a Step 2 , 5 point harness , toddler swing .
 Purchased this product as it seems it 's one of those quintessential `` toys '' every kid should have like a wagon or trike . However , am somewhat disappointed that we have as of yet , been unable to set it up . The product comes with relatively short rope length that almost guarantees the need to purchase additional rope from the hardware store to hang at a decent height from a practical branch off our trees . Will let you know if my disappointment changes once I 've put worth all the extra effort obviously involved with this purchase .
 I thought I would like this swing but the tray is very difficult to get on . Whenever my son sees this he gets so excited he dives toward the swing but it takes too long to get the tray apart -LRB- two handed motion and still difficult -RRB- . He is comfy and I think safe when he is in the swing , but VERY DIFFICULT to get him out .
 I got this for my 19 month old son . After returning two of them due the rope being so uneven I bought a differnet one . It was not worth the trouble .
 I got one of these today before I read any reviews on them . I took this thing out of it 's cardboard and ran outside to my daughter 's new swingset only to find out that the ropes were crimped IN THE WRONG SPOT on one side ! At first I thought that maybe it was suppose to be like this for some strange reason . I fiddled with it until I was so mad I was ready to throw up ! Then I took a deep breath , counted to 10 and decided to come inside -LRB- slinging the evil thing into the car to return it tomorrow on my way into the house -RRB- and got online to read some reviews . It seems there are other people who wrote reviews with this very same rope crimping trouble . I think there are some major quality control issues with this swing because the majority of the reviews listed are written by happy campers with no rope drama . I 'm not going to buy another one of these because I will surely have a meltdown if the next one is like this one !
 I was so excited to get my one year old a swing , and this was just such a disappointment . It 's meant to hang from a tree branch or pre-existing swing set , which is n't mentioned anywhere in the description . We were going to put eye-hooks in our porch roof , but it actually recommends against using the hooks -LRB- or even really the swing set for that matter -RRB- , due to the potential for creating metal shavings . Considering how many swing sets are metal on metal , it makes me think it must be some awfully cheap not very sturdy metal that they use . Second , we tried roping it around a sturdy part of the trellis since we do n't have any trees in the desert , and it hung about 5 feet off the ground . Much too high for comfort . Then , to make matters MORE annoying , it did n't matter what we did , it would not level out . We tried adjusting the ropes behind the seat like the directions said , and they never budged . Great I supposed for peace of mind once it 's installed properly , but no amount of pushing , pulling , or maneuvering was going to get those things to move . So , it 's since been pulled back down , and will be returned as soon as the holidays are done . What a horrible disappointment.Also note , if you so much as glance at this , you 'll realize that it is NOT a dual restraint system - the tray is just a tray , easily removable , and will NOT keep your child in the swing .
 The swing was easy to install and I did not need extra tools or help . Unfortunately the tree branch was not exactly horizontal and so it was difficult to make the swing horizontal . It was even enough , however , and I put my daughter in . The swing was tilting a little far forward but I could not adjust it . The worst part was getting her out . The tray was near IMPOSSIBLE to undo from its locked position . I guess I did not need to worry about her falling out , I was just wondering if I would be able to get her out at all . I 'll be donating the swing .
 bought this swing for my son when I received that package was in good order I opened the box . One side of the ropes for the swing was longer than the other side . Once I hung the swing -LRB- had to hand with additional rope one side longer than the other the swing set up too far did n't matter which position setting I had it on . I ended up purchasing one a walmart that I should 've gotten in the first place .
 We bought this for our daughter when she was 4 months old . She loved to swing in the reclined position . Our daughter has spent many hours in this swing , and we never had any problems , I always thought it was very safe . We will never use this product again . We were pushing our daughter just the other day in this swing , it was in the upright position as she is now 28 months old -LRB- 23 pounds , well within the limits of the swing -RRB- . We were not swinging her high or dangerously , just pushing her like normal . She leaned forward over the tray , and when the swing swung back , it flipped upside down . Thank goodness we were right there next to her and caught her , I do n't want to even think what would have happened had she fallen headfirst out of the swing . Do not buy this swing ... we used it safely for over 2 years , then out of the blue it just flipped upside down .
 I had bought this swing and returned it the next day . Everyone on the block has the old model of the swing with the t-bar , and that is what I wanted . I put my son who was 7 months old in it , buckled him up , and I felt like he was going to fall out or end up dangling somehow . He had figured out how to get the stationary swing to move when it was n't on , by moving himself forward and backward . Also fisher price thinks the snack tray is a benefit , but it really is n't . You are supposed to feed your child while they are sitting still . What if the baby chokes while they are swinging and eating ? I think the directions even say not to leave your child unattended and to only have food when the swing is still .
 I 'm sure this swing would be just fine if the ropes are not different lengths . And if you have a very short tree . Very short . : -RRB- The swing we received has ropes that are two -LSB- very -RSB- different lengths , and like previous reviewers mentioned , they are crimped so that they can not be fixed . Also , as I mentioned , your tree branch would have to be VERY low to the ground for this swing to work at all . Perhaps it is meant more for use on play swing set structures , but I have seen many of these swings -LRB- or similar ones -RRB- hanging from trees in my neighborhood , so I assumed it would work . Should not have assumed , obviously . Good luck !
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT SAFE ! I recently purchased this swing for my 6 month old son . It looked safe enough at first glance , however it is not stable , even when used with a swing set that provides an even and balanced support surface . My 6 year old daughter was gently swinging my son -LRB- under parental supervision thank goodness -RRB- when he leaned back , suddenly tipping the swing UPSIDE DOWN ! Had I not been standing right there my son would have fallen several feet to the ground as there are no shoulder harnesses for this swing . I can assure you that this swing was installed properly by their every safety direction , but still failed miserably to perform as it should . PLEASE DO NOT BUY this swing ! Look for one that utilizes the shoulder harness feature at least .
 Watch out for it flipping upside down . I have this swing and the Little Tikes one -LRB- both similar design -RRB- , and whilst the Little Tikes one seems very stable in terms of keeping the kids upright , this Fisher Price one has tipped my kids upside-down on a few occasions . When they are swung far back , if happen to lean forward just before they start coming back forward again , this is when it seems to lose balance and leave them suspended head down . Thankfully the safety straps and the tray table HAVE remained in place to hold them in . If you do buy this item , I would recommend you make sure it is mounted high enough so that they did n't hit their head if they end up swinging upside down and freaking out . Supervise . And follow Fisher Price 's caution of having it above a soft surface -LRB- eg chipbark or something -RRB- .
 I bought this swing for my 10 month old . Even though she loves swings we used this one only 2 times . First of all , if your child is more on a chubby side , it will be very hard to put her in or take her out of the swing . Also , there is someting sharp under the little tray . I still ca n't find what it is , but when I picked my daughter out of the swing , something scratched her and now she is afraid to come even close to it . Maybe we just had bad luck , but we are definitly not going to use this one .
 My husband and I purchased this swing for our 14 month old daughter . At first we liked it , but yesterday we changed our minds . Our daughter can unbuckle the belt . We are very concerned about this . If she can do it what is stopping an older child from doing this and getting hurt . Thank God my husband was standing there or she may have fallen out . I called the company and they said they would refund our money after they got the swing . Please if you own this swing , do n't leave your child alone . I am hoping Fisher Price will recall it and do something about this problem . We are going out this weekend and look for a new swing . Please Please watch your kids . I am hoping the company does something about this problem before someone gets hurt . Let the company know how you feel or if you have a problem of any kind let them know . I 'm sure they will do all they can to help .
 I WAS VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PUMP . I 'M A FIRST TIME MOM AND DID N'T REALIZE THAT IN SOME CASES SPENDING THE EXTRA MONEY IS SOMETIMES NECESSARY WITH BABY SUPPLIES . IN THE HOSPITAL I WAS SUPPLIED WITH A MEDELA HARMONY PUMP TO USE AND WAS VERY HAPPY WITH IT , I THOUGHT THIS WOULD WORK THE SAME AT HOME . I WAS VERY WRONG !!! I LIVE IN A SMALL TOWN AND WE HAD A 3 HOUR RIDE HOME FROM THE HOSPITAL . BY THE TIME WE ARRIVED HOME I WAS VERY ENGORGED AND DESPERATE . MY NEWBORN HAD LATCHING ON PROBLEMS AT FIRST SO AS SOON AS WE GOT HOME I ASSEMBLED THE PUMP AND SAT DOWN TO USE IT . NOTHING HAPPENED . I THOUGHT I WAS HAVING LETDOWN PROBLEMS SO I TRIED HAND EXPRESSING AND WAS SUPRISED TO FIND THAT I WAS SPRAYING MILK EVERYWHERE ! THERE WAS JUST NOT ENOUGH POWER TO PULL OUT THE MILK . I WAS VERY UPSET ABOUT WASTING MY MONEY . IT 'S NOT LIKE THIS IS A RETURNABLE ITEM . LUCKILY THE HOSPITAL HAD SENT ME HOME WITH A MEDELA MANUAL PUMP AND THAT WORKED GREAT UNTIL I COULD FIND A DECENT RENTAL . PLEASE LISTEN TO THE LOW RATINGS ON THIS PUMP . I DID N'T AND I REGRET IT . I COULD 'VE SPENT THE ADDITIONAL MONEY AND PURCHASED A GOOD RECOMMENDED PUMP . I ENDED UP THROWING THIS PUMP AWAY AND I CRINGED WHEN I DID IT , IT FELT SO WASTEFUL !
 Folks , I am NOT kidding ! A local TV channel 3 affiliate here in Ohio ran a story the other day about a couple that had one of these that greatly malfunctioned . The new mom interviewed said that the product started emitting a burning smell , and when she looked down at it , she could n't believe her eyes ... the plastic around where the power cord plugs in was completely melted ! Then to add insult to injury , they claimed that Evenflo would take a while to send them back their refund . Perhaps this was a ` fluke ' , but I felt obligated to tell all of you about this . My wife is expecting our first child in August , and we will be looking at breast pumps as well . But not Evenflo .
 I bought this pump before my daughter was born . It worked well , though I had to use the high setting as the lower ones were far too low . Out of nowhere after about two months of regular use the suction just stopped . I thought maybe it was just that I did n't have one of the pieces in correctly but that wasnt the case . Pretty soon it started making a very drained sound . Apparently the motor died . It could have been just a faulty pump and not the line , but I did not have a good experience with this pump . Also , though it is a little more costly it is worth having a double pump . Not only is it quicker , but it keeps the flow up in both better .
 I got this pump about 2 days before my baby was born . He is now 2 months old and my pump went out on me . I have had a constant problem with pump ever since I got it , I would never recommend this pump to anyone who wants to pump for a long period of time .
 I LOVED this pump so much the first three weeks that I bought this . Then I started having difficulty with the milk dropping into the next compartment . Next the suction started to be less each time I used the pump , finally the suction was gone only 5 weeks after purchase . For those moms who nurse and are at work you know a broken pump is devastating . You need to purchase a pump right away so that you can still feed your babe . Well I called Evenflo Customer Service before my purchase , just to make sure that I was going to get a refund -LRB- You ca n't get a refund for pumps at the store of purchase -RRB- since I had a receipt . They informed me that they do not give refunds plus my new pump will reach me within 5 - 7 business days !!! Unacceptable ! This is important to know before you purchase -LRB- NO REFUNDS -RRB- . So instead I called Avent Customer Service . . they give refunds -LRB- withing your 90 days of purchase -RRB- , satisfaction guaranteed and send items within 1 - 2 business days , and so does the First Years -LRB- I 've got my refund from them , excellent customer service -RRB- ... . Evenflo polices and Customer Service gets a BOOOOOOO from me . By the way I using the Avent Isis back to work ... Love It !!!! And no worries about motors dying , noise , and breaking my pocket .
 I used this pump for about two months off and on . It was working okay . It took me one half to one hour to pump about 4 ounces . It also had a few problems with the milk dropping into the bottle . These were not major problems at the time . Then , just when I needed it to pump exclusively it died . It acted like it was trying to work but had virtually no suction . No matter what we did , we could not get it working again . I would not suggest buying this pump !!!
 This pump is useless . It has VERY little power . Just to let you know I got 1oz . in 25 min . I have n't typically had problems in the past getting milk with a pump .
 This pump is extremely weak . There is barely any suction . It is also so loud that there is no way to relax to get let down , more or less enjoy watching anything on TV . I would not recommend this product for anyone who would like to pump discreetly . WAY TO LOUD
 I bought this one , with my first son , and of couse the suction stopped after about two weeks . I have tried 3 other Evenflo pumps -LRB- both electric and manual -RRB- and not a single one has lasted longer than 2 weeks before they lost the suction . Do n't waste your money . It 's tempting because of the price , but read the reviews ! Do n't get stranded in the middle of the night with engorgment and having to send your husband out to find one !
 This pump worked for me once . It 's not necessarily that it lost suction - I still felt suction , but this pump only pumped a significant amount of milk once . The other times I used it , it could draw no more than 1/8 of an oz . I was horribly disappointed , and found myself in a real bind when suddenly faced with a ct-scan and unable to let him nurse for 24 hours . I 'm looking for other alternatives now , and I 'd recommend that anyone considering this pump keep looking , too .
 This pump is terrible . My son is just 2 months , and this pump stopped working . It made me mad .
 This item did not match the exact pump I ordered . It does not have the best suction . It came with the blue button not yellow . The evenflo with the yellow button does wonders , but this one sucks .
 I went through three of these pumps with my last two babies . Two of them worked fine at first but after a while they started to loose suction until they hardly pumped anything . -LRB- The third one had suction problems from the beginning ; I called the company and they allowed me to send it back for a partial refund . -RRB- I am a stay-at-home mom and only pumped for the convenience of having a bottle sometimes , so I thought I did n't need a serious breast pump . But now I am on my third pregnancy and I wish I would have just bought a decent pump to begin with , because now I 'll be spending $ 150 or so and this will probably be my last baby -LRB- plus the money I wasted on the others -RRB- . I would only recommend this pump if it happens to be an emergency and it 's the only one you can get at the store in the middle of the night , because as I said it did work fine at first . Or maybe if you only need to use it a handful of times . My sister-in-law has loved her Ameda so I 'll be trying that one this time around .
 When it actually works , the pump is wonderful . Great suction , very quick . I could get 4 ounces in about 5 minutes . Really , wonderful . And then something called Time passed , and the pump seemed to age prematurely . About 1 month after using it , it LOST ALL SUCTION . Was n't able to fix it , or get a hold of customer service -LRB- my wait time was aparently 20 minutes -RRB- . So , silly me , I got another one . Then , the electric cord stopped working . I had to fiddle with it to get it to run . So I used the cord from my first broken one . That worked , for about 3 weeks . Now it is broken again and no amount of fiddling will make it run . I 'm sitting here at work , my boobs filling with milk -- FILLING I tell ya ! And no f ***** g pump because I chose this piece of crap , twice !!! And by the way , the box says it runs with batteries . It does n't run with batteries . It sits there , useless , with batteries . Do n't buy this pump . Spend more money and get a better quality one . It will be worth your time and frustration !
 I received this pump as a gift at one of my showers , and it has been okay . I rarely need to pump milk since I stay home with my daughter , but it is nice to be able to every once in a while if I need to . This pump is loud and it has to be on the highest setting in order for it to work . Mine does not have enough power on batteries , so I always have to have it plugged in . I am able to get about 8 oz in 15 minutes , but lately I think that it has lost some of it 's power and I 'm afraid it is n't going to last much longer . The good things about it are that it does n't hurt , and it it easy to clean and use .
 My baby is four months old and I have gone through 3 of these already - I would n't of bought the second two , except its the only pump sold with in an hour drive of where I live . It works great for a week or two - then like clockwork the motor burns out very quickly until it does n't work at all . Have tried getting ahold of the company and have been put on hold every time for much longer then a mom of an infant and toddler can wait . Ordered a different brand online when I had to buy the third one just in case , and thank goodness I did because like clockwork two weeks later motor went out and I added another useless piece of plastic to my pile.Would give it no stars if i was allowed to .
 I bought this pump after buying a double pump by first years -LRB- read seperate review -RRB- to take to work . It was small and seemed to work fairly well at home . When it was used on a constant basis it slowly started to lose suction . Then about 6 weeks after using the pump it stopped completely . I was so glad I hung unto my other pump . This is not worth the money .
 I got this a a baby shower gift . It was what I had asked for but I was very disappointed after the first use . I had to keep stopping it so the milk would flow into the bottle . Plus , it was so loud I could n't even hear the TV . Thank goodness I only had to pump a few times or I would have went nuts . I am going to buy a manual pump with my next baby . And I will definitely read the reviews before I waste $ 40 .
 I have used a Medela Pump in Style for two babies , but I got caught in a pinch recently and was forced to buy another pump while out-of-town . Even on the maximum suction setting , this pump barely worked . I had to massage/squeeze my breasts to express any milk . Getting any reasonable amount of milk takes a ridiculously long time and the motor is REALLY loud . I 'm sure I would have been better off buying a manual pump for this occasion . I have a newfound respect for the fine piece of equipment my Medela is ... worth the extra $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 this pump is not worth a cent - the suction is next to nothing . i can express 6 + oz by hand in 15 min , but ZERO oz with this pump !!
 As if being a new mom , working , breastfeeding , and a new baby are n't challenging enough , along comes the Evenflo Comfort breast pump ! I 've used a Gerber pump for 7 mos and when it stopped working I bought this one . It has been a month and a half and I utterly regret it . I pump twice a day and it is horrible ! The rubber seals need to be perfectly installed and even if it works for the 1st 15 mins that does n't mean it will keep working . You have to constantly keep an eye on it , instead of relaxing , if not you will be covered in milk -LRB- as I have often been -RRB- . I normally love Evenflo products but this one falls short of all my expectations .
 I bought this pump for use with my second child . With my first I used a manual which worked well . I thought that with my second it would be nice to try an auto pump thinking , ... I suppose like a man `` more power . '' I figured put some power behind the pump and I could pump quicker and easier . WRONG !! At maximum power this pump hardly has enough strength to pump an ounce in 10 minutes . Also the pump comes with one bottle to pump into that is a very small mouthed opening . The bottle fell in my dishwasher being destroyed ealry on . Of course it was very difficult to find a replacement bottle . Once I did I realized it was more money down the drain since the pump is USELESS ! I quickly have gone back to old reliable , the manual pump .
 This one is a total waste of plastic . I used it once a day and it lasted 7 . I hate evenflo products but went against my better judgement anyway . The motor weakened by the day . IT IS LOUD !!! ALL NOISE NO WORK ! I had to squeeze with the motor at the HIGHEST setting to get just a little.I would get about a total of 4-5oz after 30-45 min . When I called the company -LRB- which has the worst hours -RRB- , they just sent me a bag of parts and said you figure it out . It took 2 wks for them to arrive . Parts made no difference . First they said no return . I said like hell you wont . Then they said only half the MSRP with me paying shipping . I still have the damn thing . Not even worth going to the PO for half the price minus shipping . I ended up with a free brand new medela hand pump from WIC -LRB- if I had only asked from the get go -RRB- . With that one , I got a total of 10oz in 5-10 min . Next time around , I will fork out the money for the electric medelas . Cost more but they know what they are making .
 This is my second evenflo pump . You would think i learned the first time . The inlet where the cord plugs into broke , and it doesnt work with batteries . It lasted three weeks . Also , the milk gets sucked into the motor very easily . Your better off spending the money on a really good one . This isnt for the serious pumper !
 I bought this pump december 12th 2005 after my 3 day old would n't latch on . Well I used it everyday every 2-3 hours and it worked great ! I could pump about 3 oz each breast then it grew to 5 oz but the milk would get caugt in the tube all the time . First the cord started messing up . I had to twist it around for it to turn on and stay on . So I tried with batteries to give the cord a rest but the batteries did n't work . Then the cord stopped working altogether . Finally I got the batteries to work and for 2 weeks . Then one day while I was at work the suction just went from great to poor . I could only pump 2 oz then it went down to 1 1/2 oz . Please spend a little more money for a better quality more expensive pump that will last longer . I would n't recommend this to anyone who plans on breastfeeding for more than 3 months . I guess it is ok if its just for an occasional pump .
 This pump worked for about a week . It kept getting milk sucked into the motor and finaly it just died . I should have known . I bought a meleda single pump to replace it and it works great . I did n't pay full price for this thankfully so I just threw it away .
 I 've only been using this pump for about 3 months now for pumping at work . It seemed to work okay at first as I tried to get the hang of how to use it being a first time mom . As time went by , the unit would make a weird noise and the suction was noticeably affected . I would have to turn off the unit , detach the plastic piece and then reattach and start the process all over again . By this time , the frustration in getting the thing to sound and suck right again and trying to pinpoint what was wrong , made my let down reflex go away . This product is a waste of time , money and a good attitude about pumping . I 'm giving a manual pump a shot , by a different brand and with higher ratings .
 This thing is TERRIBLE . I 've had it for TWO MONTHS & it 's BROKEN already . I just had my first baby in Jan & he was unable to breastfeed . I bought this because we 're a one income family & I did n't want to spend hundreds of dollars -LRB- nor could I -RRB- on a pump . I tried the Avent Isis manual & loved it but after 10 min of pumping , my hands got very tired & after day 3 , one of the parts ripped . So we decided to give this automatic one a try & it 's been terrible . First off , the plastic part that goes over the horn to make it a `` customized fit '' never even fit on the horn right . It 's supposed to fit snugly on the horn but mine was loose from the beginning . Second , it 's NOT quiet like the description states . It 's loud . So loud that if I was watching tv while pumping , I had to turn the tv up really loud -LRB- like 45-50 volume -RRB- & when trying to do this at night after baby is in bed & hubby trying to sleep in next room did n't work out so great . It 's got a battery compartment & AV cord , which I liked . BUT , the battery part went out last night . I tried 3 diff sets of brand new batts & nothin ' . I had to turn it up to the highest setting to get any milk out , which is painful because it 's so high . And finally , it takes FOREVER to get the milk out ... I did n't have any problems getting milk when I used the hand pump ... in 10 min I 'd get 4 ounces or more . With this , I 'd pump 20-25 min & get maybe an ounce one time , half an ounce the next . Not from each breast . TOTAL . Last night , it just dripped ... for 15 minutes ... I finally gave up b/c it was getting ridiculous . Did n't get more than a few drops . And , the milk that did come out , a lot of it ended up spilling out of the horn ... if I sat in any position other than hunched over , I 'd have milk spilling down my front . Which really p * ssed me off . I would reposition constantly to try to get a better fit but nothing really worked . I shelled out the $ for a higher quality one that is set to come in a few days . Do yourself a favor & save your money & time .
 Thinking about saving money ?? -LRB- who does n't in this difficult times ? -RRB- Then steer clear from this pump . Its price may be alluring , but this pump does not work . It is a waste of money ! Unless you are severely engorged and leaking , it takes FOREVER just to get a few ounces . And suction gets worse over time.The reason why I did not give this pump one star , it 's because there are pumps out there that are even worse - like the Gerger pump with massaging action - .
 It 's a total piece of junk and not worth wasting your money . It worked fine to start with ; I used it two to three times a day . Now after about two weeks , the motor is going out . It was also extremely loud ! I wanted something small & inexpensive because this is my last child so I can not justify spending $ 200 - $ 300 on something I wo n't be using again . I recommend Medela instead ; even lactation consulants recommend that brand .
 Do n't be fooled by the price . This pump is horrible . It lost a great deal of suction . It is heavy and loud . Milk flows through the tubing that milk should not even touch . All around waste of money . If you want a good pump get a Lanisoh . I have had no issues with it and can pump for 15-20 min and fill up my bottles and is much more quieter .
 Unless you only intend to pump for a short period of time and only occasionally , I would not recommend this pump for the following reasons :1 . It 's noisy . If you live in an apartment and try to pump while the baby is asleep , you might wake it up .2 . If you lean back into a relaxed position while using it , the milk will not drain into the bottle , and may drip down the front of you .3 . I was not able to get a replacement part when mine cracked . It cracked because I was using an Evenflo glass bottle with it instead of the plastic bottle it comes with .4 . The Lansinoh pump I bought to replace it works much better with the Evenflo glass bottles than this Evenflo pump .5 . It takes a looong time to pump , especially because you have to do one side at a time with this model .
 I opted to exclusively pump instead of breastfeeding as my son had problems latching on . I rented a hospital-grade pump -LRB- the Medela Lactina Select -RRB- from a local pharmacy , but it 's a huge pump that 's inconvenient to drag around with you . This seemed to be a good take-along pump.The upside is that it is easily transported . It does have vibration that helps with stimulation , so it was able to help me get milk supply back when it started to taper off.The downsides is that it 's incredibly LOUD . I would not find this something you 'd take to a place where you want to be discreet . I also have to watch because sometimes the valve does n't open and let the milk drain into the bottle , so if it backs up it leaks out . Mine also will only work if I have it plugged in - batteries do n't seem to do anything.It does have the option of changing the suction , but it almost feels more like there 's only 2 variations , and unless you work your way up to the strongest , it 's extremely painful at first . I also found that it 's easier if you do n't use the silicone insert because it has a hard time creating suction when that 's in place . It also took me nearly and hour to use as it 's not strong enough to really pull milk out quickly.Overall , it 's good if you have another pump that really works and you just need something to get you by in a quick pinch , but if you 're going to only use one pump , I 'd recommend buying something a little nicer .
 After getting an inappropriate email directly from the seller to my personal email , I decided to get rid of the feedback I gave them , but write a full negative review about the product . By the way , Mr. Seller , nobody likes to be bothered at home , even if it is about making amends.First of all , note that I got the item defective . The ring that goes into the top of the bottle was broken , so , I am not sure if the suction of the pump was bad because of that , or because the pump is just not up to par . I did not think that the ring had much to do with it , and if that is the case , then that speaks even worse about the pump itself . Maybe we will try another pump , but very possibly not this one.The little that we tried it , we did not get a SINGLE drop at all.I honestly do n't know how you can get any suction from a battery powered pump -LRB- considering that you do n't use the ac -RRB- , and when you DO use the AC , there is almost no difference at all in suction.Just a bad product . I 'd suggest getting the bigger , more powerful pumps .
 This electric BP is not very good quality . I have an Avent manual pump which works much better . The suction is very poor and takes just as long if not longer than a manual pump .
 The pump did not supply enough suction battery or electric wise . I found myself doing all the work anyway .
 I got this pump right after i gave birth to my daughter . It worked REALLY good -LRB- sucked better than my medela -RRB- but of course , it broke . -LRB- broke after a week because the milk gets sucked up into the motor ... evenflo says it 's from putting the pump together too tightly -RRB- I called evenflo , and the woman was very nice and told me she would send me a replacement motor within 3-5 days . I was very upset , crying on the phone . Pumping is the only way my daughter gets breastmilk . It 's been 9 days , and i still have n't received the new motor . Today , when i called evenflo customer service , the woman was very rude . She told me i was misinformed , and would not get my pump for 7-10 days . I told her i was promised it within 3-5 and she pretty much said oh well . I asked for a shipping label so i can send the pump back to them and get my money back , and she said if i wanted to send it back , i have to pay for it myself.Like i said , the pump itself worked great before it broke , but their customer service sucks . If you want to get this pump , i highly recommend it , but be aware that they do n't last long ...
 I purchased this pump when my first child was born 2 years ago . I was able to nurse for very long which was good because the pump died on me about 2 months later . After my second child was born 8 weeks ago , I was in need of a new pump . I gave it another try hoping the first one was simply a bad unit.I was wrong ! This unit again lost all suction after 8 weeks . At 5 am when needed most . I did some research and foudn that if you wet the pieces it will work again . which it did but the suction was so low -LRB- on max -RRB- it barely did the job . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT ! Even when it is working it has to be on maximum , the low settings are way too low . And it is loud ! If you are pregant plan on spending good money to get a good pump , this one is tempting because of the price but its not worth the hassle or the engorged breasts at 5 am when it breaks down .
 I had this pump for one week when it lost suction the first time -LRB- completely -RRB- . Then I called the company to see what to do ... they told me it needed to be `` primed '' to release a milk blockage . So I followed there instructions and `` primed '' the pump with her on the phone it didnt really work but she told me that the more i used it the better it would get as it worked out the blockage ! So we hung up and I went back to finish pumping ... it went out again ! I called back and was told that the secondariy pump went out -LRB- the one with out the motor -RRB- and they sent me a new one ! It took 3-5 days for me to get it ! Now for me that was unacceptable i cant breastfeed because of personal reasons so pumping is the way i have to feed my son ! So i had to use my friends `` replacement '' pump that evenflo sent her when hers went out a few months before . Now her pump had never been used so it was new ! It worked ... for a hole 3 day then failed in the exact same way ! I got the replacement part they sent me ... it didnt fix the problem . So i called them back . Then i was told that there was no such thing as `` primeing '' the pump . So me breast pumping on the phone with the lady was uncalled for !!!! Then the lady told me that she would just send me the motor side of the pump . It again would take another 3-5 days ! The second replacement pump worked for another week and then went out . when i called this time they told me that they would not replace the pump because there pumps were not working for me . But if i wanted to i could pay to return there broken pumps to them and after they finished there paperwork they would send me a evenflo exchange for a diffrent product of the same or more value and pay the diffrence . I will never again trust another evenflo product with an important job . Please do not buy this you will regret it !
 This breastpump works pretty well at first , however , after using it everyday for 4 wks , it took a pooh on me . I used the plug-in cord , cleaned it after every use , and used the proper parts NOT washed in the dishwasher and it just stopped working one day . We tried replacing the batteries , etc. but nothing worked . I would not recommend this product because it lacks durability . I also agree with other reviewers who stated that it is quite painful to pump with this model . The sound that this pump makes is also really , really annoying . I stopped pumping 4 months ago and can still hear the buzz of it . Overall , pass this one up . Spend the money on a quality electric pump if you can .
 I bought this pump shortly before returning to work because I travel a lot during the day and it is very portable . When I returned my hospital pump my lacatation specialist told me that Evenflo breast pumps can cause serious tissue damage . DO NOT USE THIS PRODCUT !! I have contact Evenflo to get my money back , you should do the same . The Avent Isis is only a few dollars more and much safer to use .
 I hated it ! &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Better to go with Avent or Medela anyday .
 I received this pump as a gift . The first time I used it I got a few ounces from my breasts . After the first use however it was like it lost power and would n't hardly suction anything . I would only get about an ounce each time after that . I know there was more I could feel that my breasts had more milk . I would not recommend this product to my worst enemy .
 I purchased the double version of this pump which included a free carrying case with insulated area for bottles . Since the price was only about $ 44 , I thought I was getting a bargain ... boy was I wrong ! The first thing I realized about this product is that the free bag is too small . The only way you can fit all the parts in the bag is to use both compartments -LRB- regular and insulated -RRB- after figuring out the strategic way to cram them all in . The next thing is that the only way to get your milk to really flow out is to set it to it 's maximum setting . This works OK if you have 15 minutes or more to sit and wait for each breast to empty out and help it pump out by manually expressing the milk as it pumps . If you try to use the double pump , you might as well set a good 45 minutes or more out since the second pump feeds off the first . If you plan to use batteries to pump , the suction only gets about half as strong on max power as when you have it plugged into the wall . THIS IS A TERRIBLE PRODUCT . The worst thing about this is that the milk is always getting stuck in the chamber and consequently getting drawn back into the motor and out the area where your breast is . The only way to make it drop out is to stop pumping and very carefully pull back the flap to the chamber , allowing the milk to flow into the bottle . This pump is horrible and only works half the time . You have to have the bottle -LRB- and only the evenflo bottles work -RRB- tightened perfect for the suction to work and you have to hold it just the right way because the part you put your breast up to easily becomes detached from the pump . If I ever get pregnant again , I will definitely invest in one of the nicer ones such as the Medela one . Stay away from this product ... it 's extremely frustrating and a waste of money .
 I purchased the double model of this same pump . It is not worth the money . Shortly after purchasing it , I had to go and rent a pump from a hospital because this pump was too slow to keep up my milk supply . The valve leading into the bottle gets stuck on both pumps so the milk fills up in the chamber without going into the bottle . If I leave it , it floods the motor and connection tube . I have to turn the pump off about every minute and hit the bottles on the counter so that the milk will spill out into the bottles . This is very annoying . It is also VERY loud !!! I would not recommend this product to anyone ! It was my only option during Hurricane Francis and Hurricane Jeanne when the power was out .
 I bought 2 of these pumps because they were out of the double pump . One pump went out in less then 30 days , so I bought another one . When it worked it worked great . About a week after I bought the 3rd pump the other one went out . I did not have the receipts from those 1st 2 but I called evenflo anyway . They were wonderful they sent me 2 replacement hand pieces no questions asked . When they arrived neither of them worked on high only on low ... and I need high . Do n't buy ... find something else !
 This pump only lasted about a month ... I only pump about once a day , and although it worked great for a while , it did n't last . The motor suddenly began sputtering and eventually the suction gave out ... Nothing I did could fix the problem . Evenflo does not give a whole lot of troubleshooting suggestions . The problem could of been milk in the motor , but the design is so that this is difficult to avoid . I would advise anyone to just spend the extra money in a better pump with better customer support . This one went in the trash .
 Since I was never dead set on the idea of breastfeeding -LRB- I figured we would give it a shot and if it didnt work , no biggie -RRB- we decided to purchase this pump mostly because of cost . I love the idea that my husband and even my parents can share in feeding our first child -LRB- and grandchild -RRB- . However I did n't want to purchase something overly expensive incase breastfeeding wasnt for us . Here I am two months after giving birth about to replace this pump for the SECOND time ! The first one just up and gave out on me one day after not even a months use and thankfully TARGET allowed me to exchange it because it was defective . I brought the new one home and could n't believe the difference , it was like a completely different pump , for the first day or two . It takes me over an hour to pump although because I do have a good supply I wind up with enough milk for two feedings -LRB- 8-16oz -RRB- each time I pump . The time factor started me looking at dual pumps recently because I will be returning to work full time shortly . Thank goodness I did because just last night the second pump craped out on me in the middle of pumping . -LRB- Just imagine how upset you would be if you had to go to bed in the middle of the night with one breast already near engorgment because your pump decided it didnt want to work anymore -RRB- . There is something wrong with the power supply , you have to wiggle the cord and then hold it in place to get the pump to work . Its nosier then you would expect . This pump might work out for the occasional pumper but anyone who plans on pumping more then once a day , bite the bullet , spend the money , and get yourself something worthwile since you are going to be using it for atleast the next six months or more !
 I went to visit my parents for the weekend and forgot a part for my Medela Harmony manual pump -LRB- which is great for occasional use -RRB- . My parents live in a small town , so the pump selection was not extensive . Out of desperation I bought this pump , and it is the loudest , slowest piece of junk I have ever used . I would n't have minded the noise if it had pumped as fast as my Medela Harmony , but it did n't even come close . I hate that I wasted my money . If you only need a pump for occasional use , I definitely suggest the Medela Harmony manual pump , which is about the same price .
 Do n't even waste your time . I bought the single pump , it stopped fully pumping because -LRB- I guess -RRB- I got water in the pump cleaning it . So , I bought the double pump , and it never worked ! My baby is only 4 months and evenflo pumps have never been efficient .
 It was way to slow . In an hour it got about 2 oz of milk out , but after that it did not get any more milk out because it was n't powerful enough to do so . I do not recommend this pump .
 My friend had recommended me to pump this pump on my registry and I got it as a gift , I thought I was all set for a pump . Good thing I had rented a hospital grade pump , so I relied on that for expressing milk . &#60; br / &#62; My baby was n't latching on since he was early , so I pumped his milk . I used this pump when we went to my in laws , so yes it was good for occasional use , I think I used it four times and the milk started to get to stuck in the valve and it vibrates ! If you do n't mind that , then you should get it for occasion use ; I ended up getting a manual pump ; which is the same price , should have just put that on my registry instead ! And I use that on occasional use , in fact I can use it as my husband is driving ! Thank goodness for tinted windows !
 I bought this pump hoping that it would be efficient when I returned to work . However , this is not the case . I was able to express 4 oz three times a day for the first 4 days before the thing broke . My husband and I were forced to buy another one , only to find that the one we found did n't work . It was the same pump too . You are n't able to return these things to the store , you have to return them to the company . I would definately NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 Yet another unhappy customer whose pump quit working after five months of little use . Do n't waste your money on this junk !
 This is the worst baby product purchase yet . Is noisy and had to have another motor sent to me and it still does n't work . You get all the stuff it comes with for only this price for a reason . Very disappointed !!
 I was so happy to have this when I came home from the hospital and my milk had not come in yet , it helped out a lot . After a few months it started to break down , and by the time I purchased a new one , plus a hand pump , I might as well have purchased a more expensive one .
 I will never go out and buy such an important piece of equipment without first checking the ratings . It was great at first , but this pump obviously has a track record of breaking after a couple of months . One day I ended up stuck at work with no breast pump and absolutely no way to relieve my swollen breasts . My Medela works sooooo much better - I will never buy anything from Evenflo again !
 i purchased this pump but am disappointed . the suction is not good and it stopped suctioning in 1 day only . Advice is that go for the costly but reliable ones . medela or ameda
 I got this pump as a gift for my first child . Since this was my first time with breastfeeding I did not know the difference in the various pumps . I am currently staying home with my child and figured I would use this pump for emergencies and when my husband and I wanted a night out . When I got this pump , there were not many reviews posted yet for it and they were ok at the time . I wish I would have seen the recent reviews on this before I wasted my time with this product ! The short version of this is that I had the first pump that I received replaced and both pumps lost suction and jammed up and my daughter is only 5 months old -LRB- and I did n't start pumping until she was a month old -RRB- ! I do n't pump that often either , once a day if that . Sure at first it worked fine and I got quite a bit of milk , but it did n't take long at all before it was a piece of junk . &#60; br / &#62; I called Evenflo and they were not helpful and would not admit that they have had any problems with this product . I am currently researching Medela pumps and am going to buy one within the week . I guess it is true - you pay for what you get ; I was thinking the price was quite low for an electric pump , but have been happy with Evenflo 's other products that I own . They really disappointed me on this one . I would n't waste my time with this pump !
 I bought this pump thinking that I would n't be pumping very often and that the price was right . The price would be right if it were n't for the fact that I actually wanted to use the pump . The suction is n't good , it 's loud , I ca n't get much from it -LRB- I can feel that I 'm still full when it `` done '' -RRB- , and the milk gets stuck in the shaft . It is a pain -LRB- literally -RRB- to use and I am getting ready to buy a Medela pump . You get what you pay for ! I would not recommend this pump !
 Great convenience for powdered formulas - it is now possible to get it all in the bottle . 5 stars .
 My husband thought these would be a great idea for formula and when using them specifically for dumping formula into a bottle it works fine . What I do n't like is the rest of it :1 . The lid threading is just terrible . I actually have to line up the lid and the container in order to secure them together . I think it should work like any other screw on cap and I should be able to start the lid anywhere and the threading should catch . Even when I do line them up , the threading does n't always catch and it can get frustrating .2 . I do n't really like the concept of them stacking for storage because then there 's no place for the lids . The lids stack ok by themselves but not great since they have a rounded top . Stacking a container/lid combo does n't work well either since the bottom of the container is a bit rounded as well making for balancing issues . I would have preferred some sort of nesting storage for these containers and lids .3 . The side spout works fine . I have n't had any problems with it or it 's lid . -LRB- It 's a pop-off lid -RRB-
 It 's important to me that EVERY item I use for feeding my baby can be sterilized . Had I known these are made with cheap plastic that can not be sterilized , I would never have bought them . Too bad because it has the nice funnel-shaped top I have been searching for for easy and more efficient dispensing.Since I do n't care to pay for shipping to return these to Amazon , I decided to give them to the Goodwill instead.If you have an infant under the age of 1 and you sterilize bottles and nipples , good luck using an non-sterile formula dispenser .
 I do like this chair , but you have to be very careful and ca n't leave the child without an adult sitting right by.FOr some reason , say your child is at the dinner table and reaches up to the table to get something to put on his tray ... the entire kitchen chair that the seat is strapped to leans forward on 2 legs . This scared me to death ! We actually did have a fall over occur when I was cooking in the kitchen and had my 2 year old in the chair , with the tray attached . He leaned forward to see his sister in her high chair , and the shole kitchen chair fell over - face first - on the kitchen floor.The center of gravity is off when this is strapped to the chair . I have to be sure to sit next to him at the table with my foot on the chair so he does n't tip over .
 This was a good product for a few weeks and kept my babe warm . BUT ... the zipper does not work well and it broke already . I tried to repair it , but after that broke , the quilting came apart and was too much trouble to fix . I would not recommend this JJ Cole product as I had the same problem with another one we inherited .
 We live in Paris and therefore my toddler spends a great deal of time in her stroller everyday . This product was perfect for keeping her warm through the cold winter months . Unfortunately , the zipper and quilting did n't last the entire season . Also , if you have a Maclaren , the JJ Cole toddler bundle me will be too large . Hopefully they will continue to improve on this product since it is a winter weather essential and there are so few available on the market at reasonable prices . This winter , I will replace the JJ Cole with a more durable -LRB- read expensive -RRB- brand .
 When our oldest was born , we received some door guards as a gift and I quickly fell in love with them . Since our two oldest were born close together and are both boys , they were constantly trying to slam doors on each other . The door guards were an awesome way to prevent finger pinching ! When our youngest became mobile and I could n't find the door guards in our stash of baby safety products , I went looking for new ones . Unfortunately , I could n't find any like we had before , so I bought these from Safety 1st . What a joke ! They are too squishy and quickly broke . I tried using Gorilla glue to fix one , but that only worked to a point . The glue held fine , but the guard no longer fit the door quite right . I definitely recommend the harder door guards -- they still squeeze to fit around the door , but wo n't break when your child slams the door .
 bought two and both tear real easy . . waste of money also they fell off the door !
 We bought three of these about a month ago . We put two on one door , but the door , blown by a gust of wind , crushed and sliced through them . Do not use these if you live in a windy place!We had a similar product from another manufacturer before that was strong and resilient enough to survive a gust-blown door trying to slam shut . Unfortunately , this product is inadequate .
 We normally like Safety 1st products , but this one is terrible . Our son likes to slam doors , so we bought this to keep him from taking his fingers off while we worked to train him to leave the doors alone . He managed to break both guards . They are soft and squishy , so he had fun bouncing the door against the jam -LRB- wrong message -RRB- , and when he slammed the door hard enough they fell off or ripped . We 've had much better luck with the harder ones that stay put , are n't cute or fun , and keep him from damaging himself or the house .
 This is such a wide foam piece that it does not work on my old doors . My house was built before 1900 and clearly these things are going to rip my doors from the hinges -LRB- it did that in my bathroom -RRB- . And seriously , WHY the huge shipping charge ? Do n't bother with these . Go to your local kids shop and ask to try one before you take it home . I will be returning these . Too bad I wo n't get my 19.95 in shipping returned as well .
 We purchased these when our son was about 17 or 18 months old . He was turning into quite the escape artist , and figured out how to open the very tricky doors at our old house . Shoot , some adults have trouble with them . We thought a doorknob cover would at least slow him down a little . These were not a good choice . He figured them out in 10 minutes . So much for the running headstart we were hoping to gain !
 Sturdy , but they do n't grip the doorknobs well enough for an ADULT to open . I try to open my children 's door to check on them at night , and I make enough noise trying to get it open that I normally startle them awake . I 'd feel like an idiot if it were n't for the fact that the covers do n't grip on ANY type of handle , which I 've tried . We have more than one type of door handle in the house .
 These are the worst of the 3 types of knob covers that I have bought . It is very challenging to grip the knob to get it open .
 My toddler figured out how this worked and came off in minutes . It definitely would not keep her out of somewhere she wanted to go !
 Thankfully , I did n't spend a lot of money on them , even though I bought 3 packages , they 're all in the trash after 10 minutes
 I agree with another review . This only works on round door knobs . With other common shapes , agile adults can not even open the door . It 's also difficult to later remove the product from the knob . The Safety First product is easier for adults to use , easier for adults to remove , and keep 2.5 yr olds out of rooms .
 It is impossible to turn the knob unless you have superhuman squeezing strength . I finally used simple hook and eyes on the doors to keep the toddler from opening the door . I placed the hook and eyes high enough so they could n't be reached by the toddler but low enough to be easily reached by an adult .
 I wo n't go so far as to say that my toddler figured out the secret to opening a door by squeezing the tabs , but I he figured out how to completely remove the cover from the door the very first time he tried . So , if they stayed on the handle better , they would actually work . He 's 2 now but was 22 months at the time.My advice
 There are two tiny tabs that are supposed to push in on opposite sides to grip the door knob and allow you to turn it ... but they do n't work . They are too small to apply any real force , and they are not roughed up on the inside , so unless your doorknob is made of a very rough material , they just slide around without actually turning the knob . If you have one of those multiple-sided glass doorknobs , they might work with that , but any normal doorknob is not going to turn with these.The little flap in the center , that 's supposed to give you access so you can use a key or turn the inner set to lock the door is too small to get your fingers into , and the flap is nearly impossible to snap back into place unless you hold the cover and press the flap very hard.Finally , after a very short time , my daughter figured out that the cover is not held together very well and she could just pull on it and it would come apart at the seams and fall off . So it even fails at its dedicated usage ... keeping small children from getting out the door.If I 'd paid any more for these , I would have returned them . As it is , I just threw them in the trash.Don ' t make the same mistake I did ... do n't buy this product .
 This is not a well-made product . We had this set up on my daughter 's -LRB- three-year-old -RRB- door and , after she fooled around with it for a few days , she managed to get it off . I am not sure what a good alternative is , but this is really just a waste of your time/money .
 Required a much deeper throw than is seen on a typical residential knob these days . I am returning the merchandise .
 If they do , buy more . But if they do n't , you 'll feel silly with 16 doorknob covers lying around.These barely work on our doorknobs , but our doorknobs are slightly oddly shaped . I find the tabs on the sides frustrating to use , but that may be due to the odd doorknob shape as well.The one thing i really do n't like about these is that the little tab to cover any locking mechanism has become my toddler 's new favorite toy . He 'll stand there and play with it for ages . I 'm pretty sure that was n't the point .
 These knob covers are easy to install and keep my 2 year old from opening doors . However , they are extremely difficult for adults to open as well ! The grips on the inside of the product wo n't grip my standard round door knobs . I do n't see myself using this product for much longer since I have to remove the entire cover every time I want to open my front door . Spend a little more and get a better product .
 I just ca n't find a good set of knob covers . The lock access for these is so small you only want to use them if you have a push button lock system on the door , or just a deadbolt . They did n't work for us at all .
 We have standard kwikset doorknobs . These are just too deep . They are a good diameter for a smaller knob but way too deep . The rubber grips are at teh very end of the doorknob so it barely grabs the doorknob and 90 % of the time doens ' t work . Also , you can not get your two fingers into the hole to turn the lock b/c he lock is prob an inch deep into the cover.We also got another type of doorknob cover -LRB- Safety 1st -RRB- . It is just as deep at this one but the rubber grips that you squeeze are much larger . So it does grab our doorknob . However , it is also impossible to turn the lock and so we can not use it on any exterior doors.The search continues ...
 Very bad product.It does not have enough rubber surface , so it slides . Therefore , opening a closed door becomes a difficult task.I do n't recomend it at all .
 Depending on the type of doorknob you have , these may be useless . If you have a round , architectural style knob , they 're fine . If you have a much more common Kwikset type knob , they 're much too difficult for even parents , or kids old enough to use the door properly . If you have the need to put these on a door that will require a key or lock with a turnbutton , think again ; they are very deep and you ca n't get your fingers in the hole on most handsets
 Well , we should have known these would n't work . We had similar ones before and they kept my teens in and my toddler could get out . We had just moved and the old ones were lost so I bought these for something fast and cheap . Well , they are exactly like the others . One is fairly easy for the family to open -LRB- 5 out of 10 times -RRB- but one refuses to open for them . They twist and turn and you just can not get it to open . I can normally open all of them and even I had problems at least 2/10 times when I try to open a door . Now for the one they are supposed to be for ... my 22 month old . He can not grasp them to open them like adults , but he CAN and DOES easily disassemble them and take them off . He does it every time and then looks at us , smiles and opens the door . These are a complete waste . Pay the extra money and get the Kidco Door Lock Knobs .
 I 'm trying every door knob cover I can find to keep my 2 year old from running a little too free . I thought these would do the trick , since the problem I have with the Safety First ones are that he puts his little fingers in through the lock hole and pops them off . I was wrong . No one in my house can open the door with these on ! We have standard sized door knobs throughout the house , but these covers wo n't grip the knob . As hard as I squeezed on the tabs , the little amount of rubber inside never caught the knob.It 's such a pity because they seemed to be fairly sturdy and I loved the idea of the lock hole being covered . Better luck next time !
 The plastic is very thin and flexible . The result is that it does n't take much pressure or strength to pop it apart and remove it completely from the door handle . Might work for toddlers , but I have an 8 year-old autistic girl and these are no match for her . We do have some Safety 1st handle covers that use a much more rigid plastic and they 're able to withstand much more pressure and keep her from opening doors and getting into places where she could get hurt .
 We used them on several different doorknobs in our house , but once we put the cover on the doorknob , no one could open the door . The rubberized button things that are supposed to allow you to grip the doorknob are just not rubbery and slip right off . Fail .
 My son is 2 1/2 and had no trouble ripping these door knob covers right off ! Pretty sure a monkey could defeat them . I will say that the actual mechanism for squeezing and turning the knob is good ; he ca n't do that . What he can do , however , is pull the two halves of plastic apart and take the knob cover clean off . But , since these were so inexpensive , I guess I should n't have expected too much . A little home engineering and I have gotten them to work for us
 This is definitely a case of getting what you paid for ! The plastic is really thin and cheap , and took my 2 year old all of 2 minutes to pop the cover right off the door knob . It unsnaps into 2 pieces for easy installation , but unfortunately also makes for easy removal as well . There is a hole in the front of the cover -LRB- to allow access to a door lock/key hole -RRB- but my kiddo realized he can stick his fingers through the hole and , without having to apply much pressure , easily separate the 2 halves of the cover . I will be investing a couple more bucks into something more durable and not as easy to open .
 Do n't waste your money . Unless you have grooves on your door knobs , they just slide on the metal doors and will not open at all.Good luck on your search !
 I purchased two packs of these locks . They took over a week to arrive with 2 day shipping . Besides the delivery issues we had . . I put them on my `` problem doors '' and found that they did not fit on all but one knob that was perfectly round . I decided to leave them on the doors until i could find replacements as i did not want my daughter digging through my closets for another day ... I vry soon found out that they where useless in EVERY way as she promptly removed the cover from the door all together and went rite in ! She is only 2 and a half .
 These worked a little too well at making door knobs hard to open . So well that my husband got frustrated and took them off of the door all together . I may put it back on the basement door when my son starts walking . Or , I 'll just buy a gate .
 There are the worst door knob covers ever . I thought I could save a few cents and buy there but I returned them and had to pay for one of them because I threw out the packaging . We can not open doors with them on because they 're so poorly made . I bought them because I lost the ones I bought at Walmart and so I thought to just buy them on-line rather than go out and buy another set . Save yourself the trouble , these are just plain bad .
 the edges come off , the glue does n't stick . The length is also shorter than most of other Lambs and Ivy wall borders , so I could n't cover up a previous border .
 This stool was not at all what I had expected . It is rather small considering it was designed to help toddlers step up to a toliet . Teh idea was clever , but it needs to be a bit larger and higher in height . I would not recommend this product .
 I ordered the sesame street step stool & got this one I am so mad because my child loves Elmo & I was excited about getting the Sesame St one . It has a sesame st tag on it for $ 9.99 but it 's not it . And I do n't think I have time to return it and get the Elmo one by xmas ughhhh !!!
 nice product but just as easy to buy the generic store brand at a cheaper price .
 I chose this highchair because I heard great things about the Zooper brand in general , it was easy to wipe down , and I just liked how it looked . Well , I am very unhappy with it . The tray is too high . My 8-month-old daughter ca n't use the tray because she ca n't get her arms over the top to reach for her Cheerios . This is a real problem because she 's at the age where she needs to practice picking things up . Also , the tray does n't push in far enough , so it 's too far away for her . I thought I was doing something wrong , but after reading other on-line reviews on this product , lots of people are having the same problem . Zooper is apparently `` aware of the problem '' . Steer clear of this highchair ...
 I purchased this to keep my 2 year old out of our pantry . The first time he tried to open the pantry it popped right off . I checked to make sure I had installed it correctly , but he was able to get in everytime . I have a metal bi-fold door and believe this is why it did n't work for me . I think I would have better luck with a wood door .
 Same problem I had as other reviewer , There are wider versions that work great but this one is not it .
 I have 3 bi-fold doors in the basement I wanted to keep locked so I tried this one first since it was cheapest . It fits the door , but it is not long enough to be very effective . A moderate tug was enough to make it pop off the top of the door . I ordered the KidCo bi-fold door lock next after not being satisfied with this one and it works much better . I have since ordered 2 more of the KidCo locks and will likely throw this one out as it was too cheap to even bother with returning it .2 stars since it does what it says it will do , just not well enough for me to trust it to prevent my kids from getting into the utility closet .
 This worked for 1 day before my two year old got past it . Would not recommend at all . Save your money
 This thing stinks !! Even if you can wedge it over the door , my 2 year old can open the door with no problem almost like it was n't even there . It just pops off . The little locking mechanism is totally worthless and the thing actually works better without it on . Whoever came up with this thing obviously did n't actually try it on an actual bi-fold door . If this is the quality of engineering that Safety 1st thinks is acceptable , sorry , we will not use their products again . As an engineer myself , it is almost insulting .
 This product does n't fit my wooden doors even though the doors are -LRB- barely -RRB- within the 1.125 '' width specified on the package .
 This item probably works well for thin bi-fold doors ; but , if your bi-folds are near or at standard door widths , this product will not open wide enough to work properly for your doors .
 I had something similar when my older children were little and I loved them . I had hunted high and low for a similar product for my toddler and finally found this product . It barely fit over the top of the closet door and sprung off when my son tried to open the door causing him to fly across the room and dent the wall . I 'm glad it did n't hit anyone . I 'm not sure what is different about these particular locks but they do n't work .
 Let me start by saying my two year old is very curious and into everything . We took the knobs off of her closet door and put these on the top . It was a deterrent for a day . On day 2 she stuck her fingers under the door , pulled and this lock popped off the top of the door . It scratched the door up pretty good . She got in the closet within 5 minutes of her bed time . They do not slide well , they seem to get snagged between the door folds and rub off the finish . The second one shattered when she pulled on the door thus leaving sharp pieces of plastic for my 2 year old to play with . I ended up taking everything out of her `` locked closet '' that I did not want her to eat , rip , break , or ruin and left them unlocked.Pros
 This lock is not worth anything it is cheaply made , yes it was easy to put up but no it did not do its job spend a few more dollars and get one that is better than this .
 This product was not a good fit for my metal closet doors - not to mention it was hard to reach that high . If it of lower doors , or thicker doors might work for you , but for metal closet doors try `` Mommy 's Helper Slide-Lok Bi-Fold Door Lock ''
 Even when installed correctly and tighten down it did nothing to keep my 2 year old out of his closet . All he had to do was pull a little harder and it bent and popped right off .
 These locks popped right open just enough for my toddler to still get his finger in the door crack and smash it . Every time I screwed the lock down tight the same thing would still happen . It 's junk .
 This thing is for a small child , it said it was a small diaper bag . This will not even hold one diaper , wipes and a bottle , you cant close it , and the button dont work anyway ... This is however only the second item I have ever had a complaint about .
 The ONLY good thing about this item is that is better than average looking . My 7 lb . Maltipoo CHEWED through the plastic spindley strappings , which are supposed to hold this thing together . I absolutely DO NOT recommend ANYONE buying this for their pet .
 Update - The manufacturer shipped a replacement panel for $ 30 . I then went to the local hardware store and picked up some chicken wire to make sure Bogey does n't remodel again.Our 9 lb Papillon with a bum front leg made short work of this crate after about 2 months of use . I guess once he figure out the plastic was easy to get at , he got after it . He 's not a chewer and he 's been crate trained since we got him 3 years ago . They really need some cross bars to prevent this sort of thing . It 's a nice looking crate but it obviously is flawed.See the proud rascal and his carnage here - http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/B0017IVOZO/ref=cm_ciu_pdp_images_allThat was done between 8:00 AM and lunch.I just hope I can get a replacement for the side panel and find someway to secure the sides so I do n't have to throw this expensive item in the trash .
 First off , this crate looks really nice . It is the best looking crate we 've found.The door latches are also quite effective . Normally our 11-year-old beagle figures out latches quickly and we have to use climbers ' clips to reinforce the door.The problem with this crate is weak welds on the wire on the door . The cage/wire is thin , and therefore where they connect to each other are tiny little `` tack '' welds . Our 11-year-old , arthritic dog destroyed 10 welds in one night ! Once the cage wire comes off of one weld , it 's easy to rip it off of the other ones . Basically , the door is ruined.Do we just have a really bad dog ? Perhaps , but the $ 60 crate we had before this one lasted 11 years with this dog - the latches went bad , but not one weld problem.Second thing ... the wicker came to us unwound on the back . We almost sent it back over this , but given the size of the crate and how hard it is to ship , we decided to live with that problem . The weld problem is not so easily ignored.If you have a quiet , relaxed dog , this will probably work . But if your dog gets bored during the night and starts pulling , you 'll find them with their head stuck in a hole they 've made in the morning.Sorry , good looks or not , this crate does not meet the cut.A fix would be to wind the wires around the top and bottom before welding them . Then , you 'd not be pulling against the weld , but the wire itself.We 've temporarily used large-sized zip-ties to prevent her from getting her head stuck until we figure out what to do .
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM B/C BABIES DO LOVE THE TAGS ON THINGS BUT THIS EVENING MY 4 MONTH OLD ALMOST SUFFOCATED BECAUSE OF IT ! I LOOKED OVER TO HER SITTING ON THE HER BOUNCY SEAT TO FIND THE 12 X 12 BLANKET COMPLETELY OVER HER FACE AND HEARD HER GASPING FOR AIR ! I RUSHED OVER TO HER AND THANK GOD SHE WAS AND IS OK ! I JUST WENT ON THE TAGGIES WEBSITE TO FIND THE BLANKET IS RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES AND IS APPROVED BY JMPA , TIA AND ICPHSO . I AM SURE MY BABY IS NOT THE FIRST TO HAVE THIS HAPPEN AND I WOULD THINK TWICE ABOUT BUYING THIS ITEM FOR A BABY DESPITE IT BEING RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES . THIS ALSO GOES TO SHOW THAT EVEN THOUGH AN ITEM IS APPROVED BY VARIOUS SAFETY ORGANIZATIONS , THAT MAY NOT MEAN THE ITEM IS IN FACT SAFE .
 This cup leaked so much I threw it away . I loved the Dr. Brown 's bottles so I had high hopes for this cup ... I was VERY disappointed !
 I bought the bottles -LRB- made in USA -RRB- , and loved them . But when I saw those cups are made in China , I thought they were far too pricey , so I did not buy them .
 After doing extensive research we purchased 4 of training cups for our infant . They were very highly rated on multiple web sites . He was having difficulty drinking and becoming frustrated . I tried the cup myself and got mostly air and very little liquid . I respositioned the insert multiple times with no improvement . Thinking it was that particular cup we opened the others and tried them . About 1/3 of the time they actually work . The rest of the time you/the baby sucks mostly air . We purchased Gerber brand and a no name brand to see if they were any better . Sadly enough they were . We have used Dr. Brown bottles for the past 14 months . They are great . The training cups are absolutely awful .
 My breastfed son LOVED the Dr. Brown 's bottles and used them exclusively when I was at work . When it came time to try a trainer , we were excited to try the Dr. Brown 's trainer . Unfortunately , it was not what we 'd hoped . 1 -RRB- It 's HUGE , so a large amount of liquid must be placed inside . Otherwise baby/toddler will have to tilt his head at an extreme angle to get any liquid . 2 -RRB- It 's leaky . We 've had lots of leak issues with this trainer . 3 -RRB- If the valve is n't positioned just perfectly , the child sucks and gets nothing but air while the trainer leaks all over the place . 4 -RRB- It 's expensive ! I really wanted to love this trainer , but in the end it did n't work out for us . We finally ended up using a Nuby silicone trainer at first so that my son got the idea of sucking on a soft trainer , then switched to Playtex sippy cups which are excellent ! Sorry , Dr. Brown 's ...
 We hate this cup . The top rim actually has a gutter where milk collects with every sip . Then , on the next sip , the milk drips out from under the lid . It 's awful and a huge pain to clean up . Also , the cup is tall , which makes it unsuitable for infants just starting out . Little ones have a hard time tipping the cup up far enough to get any milk out unless the cup is more than half full . Do n't waste your money on this cup .
 I bought these cups because we had used the bottles and loved them and my son was having difficulty drinking from other sippy cups . They are easier to drink from - because there is n't anything preventing fluid from flowing right out . Even with the valve correctly placed -LRB- which is a trick -RRB- , it dribbles . Not to mention that they leak from under the lid . I have made them the official `` water sippys '' because they make such a mess but I 'm too cheap to throw them away . I may just give in and chuck them .
 These cups are horrible !! At first I loved them because the liquid does flow easily from them - when it comes out . My daughter -LRB- 11 mos -RRB- was getting so frustrated with the cup one day , so I gave it a try , nothing but air was coming out . I keep trying to use them -LRB- we have four and none of them work -RRB- , but about 90 % of the time , nothing comes out but air . then I resort to taking the stopper out and that makes a huge mess . DO NOT BUY THESE CUPS !! I do n't know why I keep trying to use them , they are so frustrating !
 I was ecstatic to find a double stroller cover for so cheap , but it 's very poor quality plastic and has already torn . Does not stand up to the elements , and I 'm quite dissappointed . It fit great though .
 One of the straps ripped off the first time we used it . It fits okay over our City Mini double stroller , but there 's really no way to reattach the strap , which is a pain . Looking at the other strap , it 's obvious that it will come off soon too.What a waste of money . Should have spent more and gotten something that would actually stay in one piece .
 I recieved the item timley , however it was ripped and It could not be used . I thre it away . I still do not have a rain cover . So one star is all it gets .
 I bought this toy two years ago and I was not happy with the weight of the middle piece that lays above your baby 's head . It is basically supported by the balance of three legs and the legs are attached to the cloth mat -LRB- not very securely either -RRB- . I kept worrying the huge , heavy mirrored piece would fall on the baby . I ended up taking it apart and just using the mat and basically the rest was trash .
 This item has one major flaw ... the zipper is cheap and inadequate for this bag . The rest of this bag is really nice , very durable . But the zipper is tiny and it derailed itself the first time I opened it .
 Good points
 I ignored all negative reviews and went ahead and ordered it . It looks stylish and fun for a diaper bag and wipeable to boot!Well , I took it out of the plastic wrapping , the bottom of the bag was un-stitched and falling apart !! Great ! I felt the quality of the bag and was glad it was already torn , because it would n't have lasted more than a few weeks . I was really upset that this did n't work out . I really wanted it to . Needless to say it 's on it 's way back for a refund !
 This bag is really cute but it 's way too small for all the things I need to lug around for baby . It 's okay for quick trips places but not for a long outing . The two pockets on the inside of the bag are too small to really be useful for anything and it 's just hard to keep things organized in this bag . I 'm searching for something else .
 I ordered this so I 'd have a chance to wash my little guy 's blankie . It 's a poor substitute for the super soft and cuddly Little Giraffe blankie that magically puts him right to sleep . This security blanket is thin and not real cuddle-inducing . Kinda disappointing , but then it was less than half the price of the Little Giraffe blankie . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I bought this at Mothercare because COLD expressed milk is vital for my baby . I placed expressed milk in the thermal tote and 20 minutes later when I tried to feed , I noticed that the bottle felt like I just took the bottle out 30 minutes earlier at room temperature . It is 40 ' C here and can not afford to have warm breastmilk when the sun is beating down on us . Perhaps it will work better by adding in freezer packs but the `` 3m technolgy '' should not make you buy more gear to keep the bottles cold . A stainless steel thermos can do the job better.I am disappointed because I depeneded on the Avent label to keep the avent bottles cold ; it failed and too bad I can not return it . Now I will return the Avent diaper bag .
 -LRB- This is extracted from a long review I have written , that outlines ALL the isues I have had with Avent products ... you can read the full review under the Microwave Express Steam Steriliser product reviews -RRB- The Bottle Tote packaging states that it will keep bottles warm or cold for `` up to 4 hours '' . This is more like `` up to 2 hours '' , but even that is dubious . In order to get the bottles hot enough to stay warm for 4 hours , it would have to be boiling water , but if you put boiling water into the bottles , the pressure becomes too much for them to handle , so that 's not an option . I have ended up throwing out the Bottle Tote -LRB- which cost me $ 15 -RRB- and purchasing a mid-size Thermos . -LRB- I put the water of about the right temperature into the Thermos and take empty bottles with me . I even use the Thermos at home , so that I do not have to wait for the Avent Bottle Warmer to hurry up and do it 's thing at 3am ! -RRB- Avent used to be a great company with a great product , and now it seems that they are simply relying on their good reputation of the past to carry them through the future . It 's not good enough . Their products are NOT worth the money anymore , and I strongly recommend that no one buy any of their products . There are tons of very good -LRB- better ! -RRB- products available on the market , and I will be replacing all of my Avent equipment with another brand as soon as I can .
 After searching long and hard for a traditional changing table , we finally found this changing table and thought it was going to work perfectly . Unfortunately , once we opened the package , we were truly disappointed . Between the terrible instructions , the flimsy and damaged pieces inside , we immediately packaged it back up and sent back . Highly recommend saving your time and money and find another changing table that is more sturdy and made of quality materials .
 This looks nice now that the 4 hour assembly is completed . Terrible instructions-really they need someone to go through and re-write them in a way that makes sense ! My poor husband .
 The item listed is for an action bank of Hagrid in a Gringots rail car . The picture is of a Hedwig Key chain . Put up the correct picture and I 'll redo the evaluation .
 During my last pregnancy I had a Snoogle , which worked well for me . The only thing I did not like about it was that it did not seem that durable and definitely would not have made it to this pregnancy -LRB- it was smooshed and since it 's non-washable , pretty yucky -RRB- . I had chronic hip pain fairly early in my first pregnancy and it started again about 4 months in this time too , so I knew I had to find something to help alleviate the night-time discomfort.I did a lot of researching and found that this pillow had pretty overwhelmingly positive reviews , so I went for it . I really tried hard to like it but there were a number of things that made it impossible to use for the long haul .1 -RRB- The part of the pillow that goes between the legs is not long enough . I am 5 ' 8 and I felt like if the `` curve '' of the pillow started just 3-4 '' further down it would have made a hug difference . Also the part of the pillow where the head rests is very thick - if you try to pull the pillow further down so the curved part on the leg portion is actually comfortable the head part becomes ridiculously uncomfortable and the edge digs into your upper back and shoulder .2 -RRB- It really prevents any sort of intimacy with your partner . I know for some that 's probably a blessing -LRB- lol ! -RRB- but I actually like being able to be cuddled with , even in my third trimester discomfort ! 3 -RRB- It takes up a huge portion of the bed . We have a toddler who sometimes makes his way into our bed and there is no way at all that the pillow , dad , son and I can all fit on the bed . One of us has to go and it 's the pillow.If I could go back I would have just purchased a Snoogle again . It was much more comfortable , compact and a lot cheaper - I thought that this pillow would be more of an investment -LRB- if we ever have another -RRB- but since it is too uncomfortable to use the Snoogle would have been much more economical !
 This pillow is not that great . The pillow is not all that full . The cover is rough , and thick , also the stuffing was all over the outside of the pillow . Although I could n't find any holes in the pillow itself it was worrisome . In addition the pillow is not as long as advertised . I am 5 feet tall and it was not long enough for me .
 After reading the reviews on this pillow , I thought this would be the perfect one for me . Although this pillow does provide good back and leg support , there are some major drawbacks that I ca n't seem to overlook . Being pregnant , I often find that I am uncomfortably hot at night . I like pillows that are cool to the touch when you put your head down for the night . Unfortunately , the pillow cover does not have a smooth feel to it . It is covered with a fabric that has a slightly rough texture to it . As a result , the pillow cover retains my body heat which makes me toss and turn throughout the night . To solve this problem , I covered the pillow with an existing sheet I had and it has helped to keep my pillow cooler . In addition , the picture online show that when you are on your side , one of your arms has to go under the pillow . I tried it that way , but after 5 mins , the weight of the pillow makes my arm fall asleep . I 've had to put a pillow underneath this `` U '' shaped pillow just to give my arm some room for circulation . Since I sleep on a queen bed , I try to keep my pillow on my side of the bed so that my husband has room to sleep . Unfortunately because this pillow is bulky , the arm that is under the pillow when I am on my side often dangles off the edge of the bed which also contributes to my arm falling asleep . I wish the head area of the pillow provided more support for me . I 've had to add another pillow to get comfortable . For now I am going to see if I get better results by turning the pillow around so that the curved head part is down by my feet . In the end , it 's a big hassle and not worth the money I spent for it . I am now looking for another pillow to help me sleep better through the night .
 I hate this pillow . Had such high hopes after reading the reviews ... not sure if people who dont like it just dont write reviews or what.Its very flimsy . Could be stuffed 10x as much - which is what I would have needed to get ANY support at all from it . My arm totally fell asleep - could not get comfortable at all.What a waste of money ...
 This pillow cover feels like burlap . I was hugely disappointed to discover that the replacement pillow cover is made of the same material . I woke up in the middle of the night scratching my face , legs and arms . I have n't used the product since . I now have to hire a seamstress to make a new pillow cover . Avoid the hassle and this product !!
 Hi , I brought this Todays Mom Cozy comfort Pregnancy pillow 1 week back i read the reviews but i feel its not worth the money .1 . This pillow takes the whole space , I have a queen size bed and my husband can not sleep if i place this pillow .2 . i am 5.3 height and i feel my head does not fit in the right place and i get lot of neck pain when i use it .3 . its a polyster material so its not good during summer4.i have given 2 star because it feels confortable for few minutes then you will start feeling the pinch.I think its good for people who are above 5.3 height .5 . For sure its not worth the money i have stoped using it : -LRB-
 So my husband got me this as a surprise the same day I ordered mine . Read the fine print it 's NOT RETURNABLE !! I however stopped the delivery of mine and 5 weeks later still have not been reimbursed . anyways ... this pillow was amazing THE FIRST WEEK . Then slowly it started to DEFLATE like all other pillows out there . The first thing to go was the top middle . I had to add my own pillow for head support . The second was the ends where I rest my legs . For the money I paid this thing should have lasted my entire pregnancy but it did n't last even a couple of weeks . I should have just kept investing in crappy pillows and gotten the same outcome .
 long time sleep with this pillow make me can not feel my arm , it 's really not comfortable.even bad , you can not return it . . by their policy.it 's just waste of money .
 We bought it for my wife who is in her second trimester . And she has to sleep on her sides but with the design of this pillow it was very difficult for her to change sides .
 I ordered this pillow and was shocked when I opened the box and found that it is almost completely flat . It appears full in the photo but it is actually more than half as flat as advertised . I tried using it but it provides no support for your back at all . It would need to be stuffed further with additional materials . Total waste of money and company would not allow me to return it . They take advantage of pregnant women ... they should be ashamed to sell a crappy product and not care about their customers .
 Someone had told me about this pillow and how great it was , but when I got it I was very disappointed ! When I first felt the pillow the material was very ruff , so I figured washing the cover would help , it did n't . The only way I can really explain the pillow is its loud and annoying . I would not get this pillow or any pillow off line because you ca n't feel it . Do n't buy this and waste your money !!!
 My wife feels too much noise when she moves at night on this pillow . Besides , the material is not cotton.We want to return it , however , the website said this is not refundable and it was already written in the return policy.Well , I would expect the website to give me some warning if something is non-refundable .
 This pillow is not nearly as `` full '' as it looks in the photo and I was disappointed . I was even more disappointed to learn that it 's not returnable ! The return policy is buried at the end of the product description . I wo n't order anything from this company again.On the bright side , my dog loves this pillow .
 This pillow is very uncomfortable . I requested seller to return this product but they are not ready to accept return as per their policy . So please read this review before you spend this costly pillow . It is very very uncomfortable for pregnant woman .
 Do not waste your money on this pillow ! I am highly disappointed after receiving and using it . I had high hopes that this would solve my sleeping discomforts , based upon the reviews . However , it is nothing like what the positive reviews say . It is fairly flat and should be stuffed MUCH more , especially for the price . Since it is flimsy , it moves way too much , and I am constantly having to readjust it . I have had to use several other pillows with it , and it continues to flatten more every day . I am seriously debating whether to return this product because of my disappointment . Try another pillow , if you are looking for quality - this is NOT a good one !
 This pillow has no where near enough stuffing . Your head is pretty much on the mattress immediately . Plus the fabric finish smell is really strong and does n't seem to fade . Getting a smaller option that just supports your belly and goes through your legs is a better idea .
 Do not waste your money on this product . There was no mention on the product description stating this product was nonreturnable or I would never have ordered it especially from this company . The only mention is if you click on the small print of the return policy . After the first night , I woke in the morning with bites all over my stomach , back , chest , and legs . I let it air out a day or two and tried it again . It was the worst nights sleep I have ever had . I am pregnant and thought this pillow would be great . It was terrible . After sleeping on it for a few days , I had a sore lower back , stiff neck , and my shoulder hurt . I switched back to my regular body pillow and pillow and had no further problems . If a product is not as described , a company should accept a return on it . I will never order from Baby age again . The return policy was hard to find and there was no mention in the description to let me know this particular item was nonreturnable . I never buy items that are nonreturnable and I never purchase from companies who do not offer returns or your money back . The pillow is too thin and the covering is really stiff . the pillow itself is really loud every time you move . it also stinks like chemicals .
 I bought this pillow on the recommendation of a friend , and immediately found it too soft when I took it out of the box . I tried to return it before I even used it , and was informed it was NOT returnable . When I asked how I would know that , I was directed to a series of links that led me to a very buried return policy . Do n't buy it unless you 're sure ! I spent $ 70 and I still ca n't sleep , and I will probably have to buy something else instead .
 My husband and I share a queen size bed and this pillow took up most of the bed . It was too bulky and left kinks in my neck . I wish I had never purchased it . I tried it one night and then put it back in the box . That is how much I hated it .
 I used this pillow for two weeks and could n't take it anymore so I threw it out . This is the worst body pillow I have ever owned . The pillow case is extremly rough and scratchy . The overall length is terrible . I do not recommend it .
 I did a lot of research of pregnancy pillows before I bought and thought this would be the perfect one for me . I 'm 27 weeks pregnant and 5 ' 4 '' , and prior to being pregnant I always slept on my back , so I wanted something that would support me on my side and stop me rolling over . I 'm afraid to say that after 3 nights of trying to sleep with it I have given up for the following reasons :1 . It gets very hot at night . I 'm not usually one to overheat , but on all 3 nights that I used this I had to throw it out of bed it the middle of the night because I was so hot . I think the stuffing inside is not the best quality so just keeps heating up and does n't regulate your body temperature . I was using this in LA in March and it has n't been particularly warm in the evenings .2 . The `` head '' part is not particularly supportive . I 've found that since sleeping on my side I need my head to be well supported or else I wake up with no feeling in my arm . This pillow does n't have sufficient support for this , so you 'd need to either have an additional pillow -LRB- which makes it quite high -RRB- , or turn the whole pillow around and use it as a `` U '' shape -LRB- which makes it a little cumbersome to turn over in the night -RRB- along with your own head pillow .3 . The cover is not great quality . It 's kind of like curtain lining material or canvas that feels like it 's been starched . Whilst this is n't the end of the world and you could always put a nice sheet or something over the top , alongside the overheating issue it 's not great.On a positive note the pillow is a good shape and I 've given it 2 stars because I 'll probably use it on the sofa to prop myself up when watching TV . It 's a real shame that the manufacturers did n't put a better filling like feather inside , and a really nice cotton cover , as then it would have been a great pillow.If I had the option again though I would n't have bought this - I 'm now sleeping great with a Tempur-pedic memory foam pillow for my head , and just two goose feather pillows on either side of me to support my tummy and back . They work a treat!The pillow took 6 days to arrive from date of order .
 Warning
 Hated this . The fabric was horrible and held onto any fuzzies and cat hair that came into contact . The fabric also felt scratchy . Only used once and then put back in the box and gave it away . Yucko .
 I purchased this pillow based solely on the overwhelming positive reviews for this product on Amazon . I can not state enough how disappointed I 've been since using it . I find this pregnancy pillow to be extremely uncomfortable and somewhat difficult to use and here 's why :1 . The Pillow Cover - the pillow cover for this product is very difficult to get back on the pillow once taken off . I had hoped that the cover would be loose enough so that one person could easily slide it back on . I could n't get it back on by myself at all ! I had to have my husband help me and he did most of the pushing and shoving of the pillow back into the case . I washed this pillow with cold water once ... there was n't a ton of shrinkage due to that . The cover design is poor in that it is too tightly fitted . No pillow case should require 2 people pushing , shoving and stuffing the pillow to try to get it to fit back in .2 . Body Temperature Issues - Based on most of what I 've read about pregnancy , most women 's temps go up at least 1 degree during this lovely time . Many pregnant women that I 've spoken with constantly complain about how hot they are so I would think that a company that designs pregnancy pillows would take this into consideration and perhaps create pillow contents and coverings that would keep pregnant women cool or at least not overly warm . I keep the temp at around 70 or 71 degrees and have a drafty condo . While using this pillow at night with 20 - 30 degree temps and drafty windows , I burned up . I would literally wake up sweating whereas not using the pillow and having 2 blankets and 1 sheet I was fine . The only way for me to be semi-comfortable in regards to the body temperature issue was to literally turn the heat off . I was great after that , but my husband was freezing . I have used regular bed pillows between my knees and 2 under my head and I was never this hot .3 . Overall Design & Comfort - I have had to use 2 other regular bed pillows with this product to make it comfortable . I 've tried sleeping with this pillow positioned at opposite ends and both are horrible though the open end at my head is the easier to deal with of the two . One reviewer on this post who also gave the product two stars said that she tried placing her left arm underneath one of the legs of the pillow to try and get more comfortable , but that only managed to put her arm to sleep . Did the exact same thing to me . Since conventional medical wisdom is pretty much telling women to lay on their left sides for proper blood flow to the child , you really do n't have too many options of sleeping in any other position unless you accidentally end up that way in the middle of the night . I have not had one restful night of using this pillow by itself since purchasing it . I have to use other pillows to make it reasonably OK . I do not get the supposedly great back support that is listed in the description of what the pillow is supposed to give you either .4 . Size - this pillow is huge . Too big , I think . I have a queen sized bed which is pretty average for most couples in America and this pillow takes up more than half of it . I think they could have made this either one long piece or 2 separate smaller pillows for pregnant women to use.Overall , I am highly disappointed with the money I spent for this product . If it was n't such a hassle -LRB- because of the sheer size of the thing and just being pregnant and feeling unwell most of the time -RRB- I would have shipped it back to the company within 3 days of using it . $ 70 is way too much to pay for a product like this . If you are dead set on buying this pillow , see if your local store -LRB- Walmart , Target , Sears , Kohls , etc. -RRB- has it before purchasing it online just so you can easily return it if it is not to your liking.The president of this company emailed me in early January asking me how I liked the product . He stated that if my review was positive to go ahead and post it on Amazon , but if not , to let him know before posting a negative review so that he could possibly `` fix '' the issue . I emailed him and told him that I was not happy with the product at all and since there is n't a whole lot he can do about it , I did n't expect much . I feel that I need to be honest in my review of the `` Todays Mom Cozy Comfort Pregnancy Pillow '' because $ 70 used in this economy and during an uncomfortable period in most women 's lives is too much to pay for a below average product . You really should save your money and either use your own pillows or buy 2 smaller ones at your local store .
 I bought this and a another pillow to try them out . I did not use this one , I just tried it for a minute and it was too soft and BABY AGE WILL NOT REFUND my money . I would not recommend purchasing ANYTHING from BABY AGE > They have poor customer service . It is very soft with not a lot of support .
 Case in point why to only order from Amazon.com and not individual sellers , unless you have not other choice.I wish I 'd written this as a seller review , but in my procrastination this will have to do . Apparently , pregnant women -LRB- sorry honey -RRB- can be fickle about the pillows they snuggle with . This body pillow was no exception . We wanted to return it , but the seller -LRB- BabyAge -RRB- would not allow it.Amazon.com lets you return just about anything , minus the very few exceptions they outline . Additionally , Amazon will pay for your returns .
 I bought this product based on all of the positive reviews , but when I got it , I tried it out really quickly and realized that it was COMPLETELY uncomfortable for me . The pillow felt like it was half-filled with cushioning and did not actually provide me with any support . The next day , I contacted Amazon to attempt to return the item and have been notified that it is NOT RETURNABLE . I did not read down to the last sentence of the description where it states that it is NOT RETURNABLE . The question being , how can you know if you will like a pillow if you have to buy it to try it and then CAN NOT RETURN it ? Suffice it to say , I have an extra pillow now that is COMPLETELY UNUSED and USELESS and which I am completely out of $ for . I do not recommend this item .
 I did a lot of looking around before I settled on this product . I was so excited when it arrived . I could n't wait for bedtime just so I could try it out . I was disappointed when I spent most of the night repositioning and manipulating this cumbersome pillow . Out of despiration , I had a co-worker modify it -LRB- remove the head and neck part -RRB- . It still did n't work for me . I used it a total of 4 nights ; I mean 4 sleep less nights ! Just get extra pillows or a body pillow at the store . This pillow is not worth it !
 I bought this pillow on the recommendation of a friend , and immediately found it too soft when I took it out of the box . I tried to return it before I even used it , and was informed it was NOT returnable . When I asked how I would know that , I was directed to a series of links that led me to a very buried return policy . Do n't buy it unless you 're sure ! I spent $ 70 and I still ca n't sleep , and I will probably have to buy something else instead .
 I bought this pillow on the recommendation of a friend , and immediately found it too soft when I took it out of the box . I tried to return it before I even used it , and was informed it was NOT returnable . When I asked how I would know that , I was directed to a series of links that led me to a very buried return policy . Do n't buy it unless you 're sure ! I spent $ 70 and I still ca n't sleep , and I will probably have to buy something else instead .
 If you 're anything like me , you like to change positions while you sleep . This pillow makes it very hard to do . I 'm 5 ' 3 100 lbs so maybe that has something to do with it , but I felt swallowed in this thing and unable to get comfortable . I 'd much rather have a simple wedge sponge for under my belly , a normal body pillow for my leg and arm , and my usual pillow for my head . The product is exactly how it seems , so my review is more of a personal comfort standpoint . Plus there is absolutely no way to cuddle when this beast is in your bed . The pillow also arrived with a tear in it . I sent it back and they refunded the money . I 'm now 36 weeks and still just using pillows we already have , including a body pillow . But I really wish I would 've bought a wedge .
 I 'm early on in my pregnancy and already have back pain so I purchased this pillow to relieve my aching back and keep me on my side . I woke up several times during the night on my back and with the pillow almost off the bed . It is way too big for a queen size bed and I do n't like that you ca n't use your own pillow . I tried to turn it around and put my pillow on top but one of the legs fell off the bed in the middle of the night . It also elevated my pillow too high . I 'm taking this product back and getting something smaller .
 This product looks good on picture but not at all comfortable in reality . There is no place for the other arm which is underneath your body . This caused tremendous stress and my wife now has back-ache and neck pain after using it for 1 time . The worst thing is that company would not replace it due to `` hygiene '' but the fact is that it has a cover which can easily be replaced and the product can still be replaced . Also , its much softer in reality than what it looks in picture , so , you wo n't really get that much gap between the legs . I would not recommend this product and would have to go with some different brand now!http : / / www.amazon.com/dp/B001A0K43M/ref=pe_175190_21431760_C1_cs_sce_3p_dp_1
 I hated this , I got it at about 6 months pregnat , and thought maybe it was uncomfortable because i wasnt so big , it wasnt even comfortable at 9 months ! It took up the whole bed and i have a king ! I would not reccomend !
 I bought this pillow on the recommendation of a friend , and immediately found it too soft when I took it out of the box . I tried to return it before I even used it , and was informed it was NOT returnable . When I asked how I would know that , I was directed to a series of links that led me to a very buried return policy . Do n't buy it unless you 're sure ! I spent $ 70 and I still ca n't sleep , and I will probably have to buy something else instead .
 I recieved this pillow and was really excited about it . It had great reviews so I was hoping it would be great . I only ended up sleeping on it for about 3 hours before I got sick of it and switched back to the pillows I was using before . For me it was not right because I did not feel like it was stuffed well enough to be supportive . I like my support pillows fairly firm . And the neck portion gave me a crick in the neck . I 'm not sure why it did , I think it put my neck at a wrong angle . However this was not -LRB- for me -RRB- the worst thing . Because it is sold by a seller and not by amazon it is subject to the seller 's return policy and this seller will not accept any returns on any pregnancy pillows . Therefore I was stuck trying to get rid of this pillow that holds absolutely no value for me . I resold it on ebay but I am still out some money because of sellers fee and shipping . So unless you know for sure you will like this pillow I would not suggest buying it here because you can not return it .
 I purchased this pillow after reading the great reviews because my lower back started to hurt in my second trimester . Personally , this pillow was way too hot to sleep with . I guess it would be ok if you live in colder climates or will be pregnant during cooler months.This pillow insulates your entire body so I ended up just overheating at night . I bought a wedge to put between my legs and put one pillow at my back and another long one in front and now I sleep much more comfortably . I could have saved myself the money on this purchase.Be careful purchasing this item too because they do not accept returns on pillows ! So if you do n't like it you are stuck with it or have to ebay it .
 i bought this pillow for my pregnant girlfriend . when we opened the box it came in , we saw that the pillow/pillowcase had about an inch-and-a-half wide hole with filling coming out . product was clearly damaged BEFORE shipping , as the plastic had no hole but had filling all over the inside . when i bought it i didnt see that this product can not be returned due to hygiene reasons . when i tried to return it they didnt respond - not even to tell me they dont do returns . the pillow itself is very nice but not worth $ 70 when you have to patch it before you use it . also the box it ships in says pregnancy pillow in big letters - not the best for a surprise gift !
 I have chronic back pain and severe insomnia . Since I am pregnant the added weight does n't help at all with the back pain , and since I no longer take ambien , I need to get as comfy as possible -LRB- there is no such thing when you 're pregnant -RRB- After reading so many reviews on all the different pillows , I asked for this for my birthday hoping and praying it 'd help with my back pain and to help with getting used to sleeping on my side . NOPEWhat a waste of money ! 1 . -RRB- The pillow is not nearly as fluffy as pictured .2 . -RRB- The pillow case itself is scratchy .3 . -RRB- I still constantly wake up on my back every day .4 . -RRB- I 'd like to know how this has given any relief to people with back problems , because it has n't help a bit .5 . -RRB- After a week of use , it already was creased from where my head lays .6 . -RRB- If you like you 're head propped up , you 'll have to tuck another pillow underneath as I did .7 . -RRB- My husband will tell you I 'm always cold , this pillow makes me over heat , even with the fan on me . I wake up during the night sweating , it seems to trap all the heat inside .8 . -RRB- My arms constantly fall asleep no matter how it 's positioned on either sides.I knew this could n't be returned as it states it right on this web site and on baby age , I am however so disappointed that I had my family spend $ 70 on this POS .
 I was so excited by the thought of this pillow arriving . It was a special gift to myself to support good posture as well as , let 's face it , yummy nurturing whilst one sleeps . The pillow was a lot bigger than I expected and not that easy to sleep with in actual fact . I found pillows between my legs a much more effective method than the pillow . Finding where to put the pillow when I made the bed was also a pain , as it just did not look that good on the bed , especially with matching pillow sets with the cover etc. . It was just too darn huge , it was as big as two of me . But this was not really the major issue . The pillow caused rash wherever it had contact with my body , and I was very uncomfortable for almost 2 weeks until the rash began to subside , which was when I removed the pillow from the bed . It was on my legs the worst , shoulders , arms and ears . My torso was covered thankfully but all other body parts were itchy and covered with red dots . Baby Age refused to take it back , so I found their refund policy difficult to get them to review it in any way . So I am deeply unsatisfied with this product on many levels . I do not recommend buying this product .
 The pillow is not comfortable at all , the texture , the shape , the size , etc. . It gives me neck and shoulder pain ! And it 's way too HOT that I had to switch back to my old pillow in the middle of the night . More important is , the seller 's return policy is insane and that 's why I 'm writing this review to let you all know !
 I was so disappointed when I received this product . The pillow itself is made out of cheap materials -LRB- regular pillow fill , and a scratchy mesh casing -RRB- , and the pillow case is rough and plastic feeling . I did not find that it provided the support that it promised . The space at the top of the pillow is very narrow and my shoulders felt trapped in it . I tried several nights to sleep using this pillow , and each night I ended up replacing it with my regular pillows instead . Note that this company does n't accept returns on pregnancy pillows , so make sure this is what you want before you make your purchase .
 This pillow was not as comfortable as I had hoped . I received the pillow three days ago , and after two days of sleeping with it , my neck and lower back pain actually worsened . I am 20 weeks pregnant , with not much of a belly , but with existing chronic neck and spine pain . One of the main issues I have with the pillow is that I can not use my existing therapeutic pillow with this pillow , and my head continually sank into the middle of the portion that is supposed to support your head so that my face was constantly overcrowded with extra pillow . I also wake up several times a night to flip over -LRB- my hips get sore if I stay on one side for too long -RRB- and with one arm under one side of the giant pillow , it made flipping over difficult -LRB- and always woke up my husband - especially since the pillow takes up more than half of our queen size bed -RRB- . Additionally , the fabric that covers the pillow is slightly itchy . I ended up getting so aggravated with the pillow last night that I jumped out of bed -LRB- which is difficult for a prego ! -RRB- and threw it across the room!One other thing to note is that pregnancy pillows are not return-able from Baby Age -LRB- who is the seller of this item on Amazon.com -RRB- . If you are at all uncertain and do n't want to waste $ 50 , I would pass .
 I just purchased this pillow and have to say I am completly unsatisfied . Number one is the material , to touch you would n't think it so but when putting your face or bare skin up against the material the cover is made out it feels scratchy and hot and horrible . I tried sleeping with it one night and only lasted a fitful couple hours before I had to get it out of my bed and away from me . I am not a sensitive skin type person normally either . My second big complaint is that I am used to sleeping with a regular sized pillow between my legs and the sides of this pillow do not even come close the support you can get from a regular pillow . I purchased this originally because I kept waking up on my back and thought the U shape would prevent that . I guess it would if it was n't the most uncomfortable thing I 've ever attempted to find comfort with . My third and final complaint is that IT IS NOT RETURNABLE . Which is why I say beware before you buy . If I had known this was not returnable I would never had purchased it . $ 70 DOWN THE DRAIN !
 no return , too high , very unsatisfied , should never buy this product . And most important thing is we can not return this product and get our money back
 I ordered this for my daughter who is 4 month pregnant . We took it out of the box and she tried it out . She did not like it , said it was not very fluffy and I noticed a lot of the filling keeps coming out if the zipper is a little bit opened . This is not well made , and the worst part is BABY AGE WILL NOT TAKE IT BACK !
 This is my fourth pregnancy , and at 19 weeks I was already having trouble sleeping with just a pillow between my legs . I got this to replace my Leachco All Nighter pillow , as after the first three , it had gotten kind of flat . This body pillow is HORRIBLE ! It is way too soft , and the cover is very stiff . The first night I slept ok at best , but the second , I woke up in pain in my shoulders , neck , and belly . I do n't know if I 'm just too early on to need something like this , but there is no way I will sleep with this thing for the rest of my pregnancy . I could sleep with my Leachco at any stage . Please save your money , and your body , and search elsewhere ! Try the Leachco body pillow !
 I had really high hopes based on some other reviews but sadly , I was very dissapointed . The cover is rough even after washing and softener it feels like sandpaper on my skin . I used a plain old $ 10 body pillow for my first pregnancy but I thought this would be even better . The concept is there but needs some refinements . A cover that doesnt exfoliate your skin when you move would be a start . Secondly , Im only 5 ' 4 '' but i feel the pillow should be longer . It just reaches between my knees but would love for support even towards ankles when really pregant . Wish I could return it . BTW NO RETURNS on this item .
 I have a love hate relationship with this product . I have been freezing throughout my entire pregnancy but this pillow is just way to hot to sleep with . It is very comfortable but I tried it one night and I ca n't use it . I wake up sweating to death . Of course , you ca n't return it either !! BE CAREFUL !! , it is written in very small print . So now , I have a $ 80 pillow that I used once that I ca n't return .
 I LOVE the design of the Waverly Petite Rose collection - I bought it for my daughter 's nursery . She is now a year old and the crib sheets -LRB- we bought several -RRB- are all TORN from just trying to get them over her standard sized crib mattress . I wish Waverly had a knit crib sheet instead that coordinated . I think I will go with that fabric the next time around .
 I rate this ointment excellent , yet poor quality control on packaging.Recently I purchased the Aquaphor Baby ointment in the tube -LRB- from another online store -RRB- for traveling because my favorite foot balms either comes in metal tins or glass jars . And I thought a tube should be more sanitary , especially when traveling . When receiving the ointment , I found it feel light in the hand for a 3oz tube . After removing the shrink wrap , I wanted to try it so I squeezed , and squeezed , ... . turned out more than 2/3 of the tube was air . There is about less than 1 oz of ointment in a 3oz tube -LRB- my precision scale confirmed that even with the heavy plastic cover on -RRB- . I think the quality of the ointment is good . But the quality control on packaging sure is lacking . It 's too much hassle for me to mail it back . But if a parent is purchasing this for their baby , I recommend weighing it by hand to get a feel first and make sure you get a good one . Those baby bottoms may not like to hear `` Oh I bought an empty tube of Auqaphor ! '' while vacationing in a remote area !
 I hated this stroller . It was so huge and super heavy . With only one toddler in it I could n't even make a turn without having to put all my strength into it . It was awful . I immediately sent it back to Amazon .
 This pad was too thick to allow the stroller straps to fasten . I have a double jogging stroller , and was going to use this for my 3 month old , and I could n't even loosen the straps enough to strap him in . So , beware of the thickness of this pad .
 We bought the whole Secret Garden set three years back and love the patterns and look of it all . This particular hamper , however , is cheap and flimsy . It is made from light , flimsy wood that is held together haphazardly with a few small nails . The nails came out easily after a few months and the cheap wood does not hold up when you try to nail it back together .
 This is not at all what I expected and I am deeply unhappy with it . I was under the impression they were CLING-ONS , that could be placed and removed easily . I allowed my 3 year old grandson to play with them , sticking them to his wall . Unfortunately , when I went to remove them so that I could arrange them neatly on his wall , I found that they actually have a sticky substance on the back and they took paint off the wall !! They do come off easily , though I 'm not sure how long the stickiness will last and how many times they can be removed . However , I must live with them where my grandson placed or re-paint the walls . Do not buy these if you are looking for the clingy kind - they are very sticky .
 She thinks it is a great toy but does not seem to make her more comfortable at all and if she has it on sh puts it on the wrong way - she thinks it is funny .
 The person below apparently ca n't read herself , since the item description above clearly says it is for 24 months and UNDER . This works okay for smaller babies , who most parents really feel need it , but it does n't stay in place very well . I am sure it would hold up better for the larger child , as it would better fit the neck , but by then they have a lot more muscle control . I could have lived without it .
 i bought this when my son was about 1 month old , hoping it would keep his head from slumping so much in the car seat/infant carrier . it did n't work . first of all , it would n't fit comfortably around his neck , and then it kept falling off . i gave up after a few tries . would n't recommend buying this product .
 This is not a good item . I purchased this to find the ultimate diaper bag , for easy use . It is very bulky and believe it or not ... does n't fit all that much . It does have the extension but let me tell you ... that does n't make that big of a deal . It is way to big to use on a dialy basis , and is not that easy to carry -LRB- I use the over the shoulder way -RRB- , and does n't have enough room for weekend trips . The side compartments are so narrow that it is hard to hold an extra outfit in there if you already have diapers in there . It will fit 10 diapers but after that and an extra outfit and a toy it already is over stuffed , even fully extended . And that is pretty much all we are using it for so far ... my son is only 5 months and is breastfed so we have n't even attempted to put in bottles or baby food . For the quality of Baby Bjorn and the price that this is I really expected this to be a much better item . I am a big Baby Bjorn fan but this is really poorly designed .
 I thought , based on all the rave reviews , that this was exactly what I was looking for . But it 's just terribly designed . The first thing I noticed was that it was awkwardly bulky . I had n't thought that the `` squish '' factor was so important -LRB- this was for our first child -RRB- . The bag wo n't collapse when you need it to -LRB- such as to place under the seat on a flight or when you have to place it at your feet on a car trip -RRB- . And yet for all that , it does n't hold much at all . My baby was formula fed , so I had to carry bottles . But it only had one bottle section and it was of mesh -LRB- I should have done more research to find out that there was no insulated compartment in the bag for the bottles -RRB- . And it 's a bit of a struggle to squeeze in a normal 8 oz bottle . I gave up on my avent wide necks because they simply did n't fit well at all in the section , let alone that it could not be put in the bottle holder.If you are carrying more than a couple of diapers , one or two bottles , and a rattle , you will find yourself maxing out the space . Oh , you can probably squeeze in more , but it 'll be ridiculously crowded.Lastly , the other side of the bag NOT pictured has a netting material over it . This material has NOT stood up to the rigors of being dragged about with , and by , baby . It 's all tattered and was like that within 6 months of purchase.I wo n't be buying this again ! I think I 'll for for a more traditional diaper bag in the future . Petunia Picklebottom will work far better for me , and look more fashionable to boot !
 I was so excited to have a carrier for my 1st child . I had heard such wonderful things about the baby bjorn carriers . I received this one as a gift . I followed the directions to a T and was off and running . My infant was 8 lbs . I managed to wear it for about 30 min the first time and had to take him out . My back was really hurting . I waited a few weeks and tried it again ... still got a sore back . I went back to the directions , I re-adjusted the straps and needed tylenol that night . Maybe this just was n't the right carrier for me . $ 90 down the drain ...
 Besides the point that 2 pc were broken , i also have to tighten the screws every 2 month , otherwise it shakes away . .
 The Graco Lauren changing table arrived without the hardware . And we are still waiting for the hardware . Ordered the hardware 10/24/2012 .
 I love the look of this table . I am a stickler for quality wood-made items , and it was difficult to find another changing table in espresso on wheels that I can move to and from my nursery . We got this home , and my husband is struggling to put it together because one of the threaded inserts that the bolts screw into was forced in by the manufacturer , and the threads were damaged in the process . Looks like we 'll be returning this to get it fixed . This is my first ever Graco product , and I am not impressed with the quality one bit . Maybe I sound a bit spoiled , but I guess this is what I get for buying a mass-made product .
 Received this station with MGf defects ... . cracked leg and plank ... so did not find it fit for baby nursery ... unsafe ! We decided to return and cancel order
 overall the product design is okay but the the wood in not good and very weak . I thought that wood will be much stronger but I am not happy with the quality .
 First of all , this is not espresso . It is cherry and it does not match our espresso crib at all . Secondly , do n't follow the instructions . It tells you to put all the side bars in first then slide in the boards . That does not work , we totally scratched the top one bad , the color chipped off very easily . You need to do one side and then put the boards in and then put the other side on . I would n't recommend this to anyone looking for espresso . If you have cherry wood then this will be fine .
 The paint on this changing table had several imperfections . Also there were several cracks on the legs . One of the rollers on the legs kept falling off . I had it for one day , and then decided to return it because the quality was so bad .
 Received the changing table and unpacked it only to find that this `` espresso '' piece of furniture is anything but . This is a cherry wood and it is very , very red . At first I thought that I had simply been sent the wrong color item , but upon opening the matching crib , I found it to be a perfect red match . If you are looking for cherry wood furniture , then the Graco Lauren set is a well-priced , well-made set ; but if you want espresso furniture , look elsewhere .
 It looks nice but unless you glue the wheels into the wood they will fall off when you try to move the table.This is so dangerous and I would recommend a changing table with either fixed wheels or no wheels at all . Wish I would have known how cheap the wheels were on this changing table.Keep searching for another changing table , this one is designed poorly .
 We received this as a gift , and when we went to set it up discovered that the wrong parts were included . It is supposed to have rails with different groove sizes to accept varying thickness shelves . All our rails had the same size groove , and none were wide enough to accept the top shelf . There is obviously little quality control to have allowed it to be shipped like that . We are following up with the manufacturer , but it is very inconvenient to not have use of it in the meantime . Now we have to spend our time fixing what the manufacturer should have had right in the first place .
 The first one arrived damaged . . NOT damaged in the shipping ... obviously damaged and sent from the factory in an unsatisfactory condition . Amazon replaced it immediately ! I love my Prime membership ! The 2 table still has a couple of less than perfect spots but for the price I guess it 's ok . Probably would n't but Graco again tho .
 Strange , I read all the reviews yesterday night and wanted to write this review but was too tired , so I do it now . And there were like 20 negative feedback -LRB- 1-2 stars -RRB- , today I see 2 negative feedback !!! Are they removing them ?? It seems like that.I bought this item for may baby due in 3 weeks.We could n't put it together , screws do n't match with holes etc. . . I 'm so sad about that.I sent an email about replacement parts , got an answer today
 I wish I was able to have luck with this item . When we were putting it together , the leg split right in half as we were putting a screw in . I 've returned it and am trying a different brand .
 If you do the math , one pack of 80 count wipes are $ 4.60 . Here you are paying $ 42 for 5 packs or $ 8 dollars a pack . This is way overpriced and a rip off . I would not buy these here .
 Be careful ordering these wipes from GreenCupBoards . they used to come directly from Amazon quite quickly . Apparently , Amazon has outsourced and I failed to notice until the package took 3.5 weeks to arrive . looking closer , I failed to notice I ordered the 5 pack of 80 , where I used to order the a 12 pack for almost the same price.the wipes themselves are great , we have used them for three years now . no complaints .
 I bought these mats & for the past 2 weeks have loved them ! So cute ! Great designs ... so easy to clean & flexible , but now the paint is flaking off and I see the product is made in China . Now I 'm worried about what kind of toxic chemical is being released !
 This crib has got lots of screws and bolts.Its not friendly to assemble it . It is taking hell lot of time to assemble it . Once you assemble its very difficult to dismantle it.I would recommend to go for wood type of cribes .
 If your wall is not a flat surface the border does not stick well . We have a textured wall and we had the use wall paper adhesive to get it to stay . I also forgot to check how long the border was and I did n't order enough to go around the whole room . The last thing you should consider before purchasing is if it will match your decor . The border has a white background not see through . This did n't effect our room but the information might be useful to someone .
 Was in easy install , held well onto the bathroom tiled walls . After awhile it did n't quite stay sucked onto the the walls . In fact , it just came off on its own . . twice . Bought it for my mom . My mom was indoubts about the product . Good thing otherwise she might 've broke her back fall from the lack of suction .
 It was great until it started to full the shower surround away from the wall . For long term use a more permanent solution should be found .
 The safer grip did not meet out expectations and it was returned . It became loose so one could never be certain that it was safe to grab . We eventually installed safety bars in our shower that were attached by screws to the studs behind the tiles .
 I have standard 3 '' square shower tile . I have not been able make this grab at both ends due to grout lines . This is disappointing . One end will lock on very securely but if the other end is loose it 's not really the safety product I had purchased it to be .
 I am an occupational therapist , who works in home health care . Suction cup grab bars are the worst idea , ever . I have looked at various types and brands that clients have in their homes , and not one is safe and acceptable for use . Since the bar is not bolted into the wall , no one can trust that the grab bar will provide adequate support . I would recommend that you look at other options for safety in the tub or shower .
 I tried this multiple times on tiles bathroom wall and tub itself . It just plain does not stick so is worthless . I followed instructions specifically .
 This product is great , except for two faults 1 . It is subjuct to loose suction at any time and come off the surface it is stuck to . 2 . The bar slides when it is stuck to the wall surface . It is a dangerous product . I am convinced it gets lots or reviews from shills who have a financial stake in the product .
 Does not work at all . I tried it in both showers - two different types of very smooth tiles . This item does not stick to the wall and is a safety hazard .
 This is a SAFETY product . . Therefore dimensioning should be the determining factor in the purchase of this and all like items.IE
 We have a wall with tile . You 'd think this would be a no-brainer thing to operate , but I followed the manufacturer 's instructions and tried and tried but it would n't suction and when it would , the suction broke off easily -LRB- dangerous ! -RRB- . I cleaned and scrubbed the tile , tried it wet , tried it dry and tried to push it in really hard , but nothing seemed to work . : -LRB-
 I affixed this to my shower wall , and it felt great . Really strong . I was excited that it worked so well . The next morning , at 5am , before I even had a chance to use it , I was awoken by a loud bang . The source of the noise was this gripper simply falling off the shower wall and onto the floor of the shower . Less that 24 hours after it was affixed , and with no provocation whatsoever . How can I trust it to use even to balance myself if it falls off on it 's own ? So ... it 's going back . The search continues .
 I ordered this along with the 17 &#34; one to use in my shower . This will not work on a tile wall of 4 &#34; tile . The spacing of the tile will not allow the suction cups to fully cover a tile , so the grout lines keep it from making suction . Would work well on othe surfaces withou grout lines . The 17 &#34; is just the right length to allow full suction on the tiles .
 It keeps falling off . Maybe OK if you re-attach the suction cups every time you enter the shower , but otherwise ...
 All your friends will make fun of you - as if it 's not enough to want to play with your baby all day long , now you can watch her/him at night too!The video works well enough for us , and the camera does a pretty good job of picking up decent quality . We wondered how it would work at night , and whether there 'd be distracting lights , etc , keeping our baby up . It turns out the video works pretty well - we can sometimes tell if her eyes are open , and certainly can see whether she 's OK . And the night vision lights are n't visible to the baby . There 's just one green LED on the camera unit -LRB- to tell you the video is on -RRB- , which you can tape over.The audio on the main unit is OK . But the audio on the handset is a huge disappointment . Even when it 's working , the quality is much worse than the Safety First audio-only monitor we 've used . The tiny microphone on the video camera is probably a compromise to make it small - bad idea . It has a tinny , artifical sound . And the audio handset of this set is almost unusable , even on the other side of the wall from the baby 's room , due to static and noise . So for us , there was n't much point to buying this version with the audio handset.Also , of course , being analog it 's subject to interference . Try changing the channel , that often helps .
 Total junk!Audio is terrible ! You cant hear anything over staticVideo is a joke , it is very poor quality reminiscent of the times of VCR tape playback with bad tracking -LRB- even with adjusting -RRB- . No auto alert/onYou have to turn it up so you can hear , but every 2 minutes it emits a Loud Static Squelch . Good luck sleeping next to that.Night vision doesnt work . More like you need a light on to see like its daylight . A small nightlight or pitch dark isnt enough for it.Pretty silly . . \
 None of the Summer products work in my house . I 'm still looking for a video monitor that wo n't knock out my wireless system .
 Although this looks like a fun and entertaining toy for baby , the beads that twirl on the rounded bar have sharp ` wing ' and ` antler ' type things that stick out . We got this for my 6 month old grandson and as he bobbed his head he ran the risk of taking out an eye ! We dismantled and removed those beads but I can not believe that this would pass a safety inspection for babies . I would pass on this and purchase something safer for baby .
 This product is horrible . I am glad that my husband came home to help me put it together otherwise I would have been there all night by myself . My 8 month old daughter likes it , she loves to bounce but the toys are right at her eye level . And whenever she sneezes she hits her eyes on the see saw in the front . This is a huge waste of money , thank goodness I did not spend an arm and a leg on it . I would much rather recommend a traditional excersaucer . My best friends mother runs a daycare and has a regular excersaucer and my daughter loves it , she wont stop bouncing . The toys on the traditional excersaucers are better and they can fit them into their mouths ... no pointy edges or anything , nothing can fall off into their mouths and nothing that they can hit their heads on . I wish that I would have known what I was getting myself in to .
 Not only does this item have the toy bars at head/eye level making it likely that your child will hit there head on it , I 've noticed that one of the height adjustment knobs for the bouncer pad does n't lock in place . Seeing it , I 'm worried that if my daughter bounces too hard , she 's going to knock the pad out of its place , misbalance and hurt herself . Save your money . Do n't waste it on this item .
 We got this for my son . We had it for 2 months . When he would get excited and try to Bounce he would end up hitting his head on the hard Toys . Last week my son hit the play bar hard enough that he loosened his top front tooth . It was the scariest thing that has ever happen to me . Nothing is worse than seeing your helpless baby bleeding from the mouth . Over the course of a week he was crying and not wanting to eat much . He lost the tooth on the 8th days . When he hit the play bar it cracked his tooth just below the root . Now he will be with out a tooth for 4-6 years . Please choose another product for your child . It 's not worth the risk .
 This product seemed to be the perfect toy for my 5 month old son . After putting it together , we realized the toy bars are at eye level . So , when he gets excited and starts to wiggle around or move his head back and foward he hits the toy bars , which have pointed hard objects on them -LRB- very dangerous -RRB- . He fits the guidelines because he is 26 inches tall and 20 lbs so the toy bars are just not idea with pointed objects on them .
 This was the biggest waste of my money and time ! It was such a hassle trying to fit all the pieces together - which never ended up happening . There were also 2 screws missing . Cute concept that just did n't work out well and was made too cheaply . I took it back and got the Deluxe Jumperoo which is the best bouncer I have ever seen . It is worth the extra money
 I had the Jumperoo with my older daughter and it was fantastic . Not wanting to spend the money on a new one -LRB- they got expensive ! -RRB- I decided to try a different route with my four month old and purchased this one.The Pros : - Easy to assemble-cute-smallThe cons : - My baby smacks her face on all the toys.-the toys are pretty boring and are damn near out of reach anyway ... at least the dangly ones.-it barely bounces !!! Seriously ... my daughter is now seven months old and weighs a good amount . Yet , this thing hardly bounces at all and she could care less about it . It 's just like having any other excersaucer . She can ... sit in it . The Jumperoo was great because it bounced like crazy and my older daughter had a blast in it . This one sucks because my seven month old tries to jump on it and instead of bouncing , her butt just comes off the seat and it 's like she 's just doing little knee bends.The rubber band thingies that supposedly make it `` bounce '' are pulled so tightly that it does nothing . It 's made to be a sort of trampoline type thing but it does n't work . I 'm going to give it away and just splurge on the Jumperoo again because this thing is garbage .
 This product is NOT safe . Every toy seems to be so hard , and easily jabbed into a baby 's eye . I never felt safe leaving the room with my son in this . He has repeatedly hit his head and eye socket on this thing before we gave up and bought the fisher price rain forest jumperoo ... WHAT A BETTER TOY !!!! I would never tell a parent to buy this ... it is NOT safe . Plus they do n't jump in it or really seem all that excited while in it .
 This product just does n't have much variety . My baby 's both are completely bored in it , and have only used it a handful of times . They are 5 months and 1 year . She like noise makers and squishy toys , but these are all hard , boring toys ... at least to my kids .
 I bought this for my 4month old for Christmas , I liked the pretty , bright colors and the sounds the foot pad would make . . she was a little small when I put her in , but nothing a thin blanket tucked around her for support would n't fix , and a pillow under her feet . She was n't heavy enough yet to push the foot pad to make noise , all of those things she would grow into though . The part I could n't over look though is how close all the toys were to her head and how hard the toys were . She tried to chew on the see-saw -LRB- teething , everything goes to the mouth -RRB- and it was too hard and hurt her gums so crying she jerked her head back and bumped it on the mirror behind her . It was a pitiful sight . Poor baby . I do n't know why they did n't allow just a little more tray space and curved that silly bar out more so they would n't bump their heads . I think a little more thought put into the product and it could be a great toy , but as it is now I think it 's just a little too `` rough around the edges '' . I took mine back to the store and then bought an Evenflo , she fits in it much better and so far she LOVES it .
 I bought this seat for my fifth child . She loved it at first , but then about the second week we had it , the plastic at the top of one of the legs snapped as I was putting her in it . Luckily I had not let go of her yet , because the whole thing fell apart on the floor . The rattle ball also broke off within the first couple of weeks . Upon investigation , the company only offers a 15 day warranty and that does not cover `` material failure '' . I will not buy anything else from this company . Not only are their products poor they are down right dangerous .
 I was so excited when i found out that the camera arrived today . I use to have the saftey 1st monitor and it broke and was told this was a great one . I read the reviews and although some were bad and one even mentioned how unsafe this monitor was b/c you could see other peoples children , i went ahead and bought it . BAD MOVE . i turned it on and there was way too much static . when i flipped the channel , i saw my next-door neighbors son !!!!!!!! I have already unplugged it and it is going back tomorrow . Do NOT buy this camera !
 We purchased this video monitor for our first child back in March . As a new Mom I have found the premise of the video monitor very useful . It 's saved my legs a million times from running up and down the stairs to check on her . That said , this particular video monitor has been less than satisfactory . We 've dropped ours a few times - as all parents will do due to sleep deprivation , midnight feedings and harried diaper changes . I think the product would need to be designed with this in mind . Regardless , it obviously is n't as we 're now having problems with ours . The volume shorts out in the low range which means we have to keep the volume ridiculously high . For the price , the quality is poor . We already need a new one . I would n't suggest purchasing this monitor .
 We live in a typical wood construction home . So there is no reason for the poor performance of the monitor . The range is , put simply , bad . Lots of static . We are sending it back .
 First of all , I 've had this unit for 8 months and until the last month , we 've been pretty happy with the unit . Yes , static is annoying and the picture is not wonderful but we could see when our naughty boys -LRB- toddler and young child -RRB- got out of bed or were talking or being mean to each other during play . It was great!Then it started giving us a problem off and on . Sound on one channel with no picture , and picture on the other with no sound ! Talk about annoying . Now it 's even worse and i only get sound if I position it JUST right and I ca n't even see anything anymore . Maybe all the playing with it to get it to work has finally made it useless . I am so annoyed and as soon as I print off a receipt -LRB- bought it on ebay so paypal keeps records -RRB- I will see if they can repair it . If they offer me a new one for $ 100 I 'll have to say FORGET it . I will be getting a different brand.UPDATE
 I have been using this product for 15 months now and at times I love the monitor and other times I hate it . I live in a subdivision that has many children . It does n't matter what channel I have the monitor on I continuously get other peoples children on my monitor , and I 'm sure since I have the problem so do all the other people around me that have this monitor . I just find it kind of creepy that other people can watch my child . I occasionally not only get the video of other peoples children but I can also hear conversations people are having . I always make sure that if my child is not sleeping to turn the camera off , otherwise who knows who is listening in on my conversations . The battery life has gone down hill on it too . It now only lasts about 2 hours before its dead . I also hear a lot of static so I have to have the volume down all the time . At my child 's age now its not as big of a concern but having a newborn I would not want to have to have the volume down . I am now researching other video monitors to replace this one and I thought I should share my thoughts of this one to warn people what they are getting .
 Its a great monitor and we have thoroughly enjoyed having it - until the video shut down and finally the whole unit stopped working . The battery pack in it went kapfloie and our daughter is only 5 weeks old ! The monitor can not be used while hooked up to AC - it works while on battery mode only . It must be charged regularly , and after a short time the batteries could no longer hold a charge . If you open the back of the monitor to check the battery pack it clearly states , `` Use only original battery pack . Warranty void if other batteries are used . '' A replacement battery pack is $ 30 - $ 35 , but I do n't want to have to buy a replacement every 2 months for a warranty-less monitor !?! That would be the price of a whole new monitor over the course of a year ! Grumble .
 This initially was a great product and I loved it for many months . After 6 months the screen on the unit began to malfunction and there was no image coming thru . I replaced the handheld . In less than a year the screen did the same thing plus the screen stopped working altogether . I have two friends who also have the monitor and they have also had problems with the screen . The company will only replace it within a year of purchase . -LRB- why only within a year ... becasue it will stop working after a while -RRB- . I find there are so many other models out there and hopefully one that will last thru more than a baby 's first year.I Do not recommend it at all .
 We bought this monitor a week ago and we are returning it today . This device has awful reception and very low battery life . You will be spending most of your time trying to get a clear image . It defeats the purpose of having a video monitor , that is being able to see your child quickly when you are concerned . Its incredibly frustrating waiting for the image to stabilize , most often it just does n't . And on top of it trying to use this device to monitor the sound coming from your baby 's room is impossible . All you can hear is a loud crackling sound . We are very disappointed with this item .
 We have been using this monitor for over 3 months and the amount of interference it picks up makes it almost unusable . It can be sitting in one spot not moving and suddenly it will go haywire and make all kinds of noise . We do not live in a townhouse setting other houses are actually quite far away from us . We do n't use cordless phones and I even disabled our wireless network to see if that would help but it did not . It only gives you two different freq . channels to choose from and I have n't noticed one being any better than the other . The picture quality is fine , but that does n't outweigh the negatives . It also has lights that light up to show you the audible level and there is no way to disable these so you can either have lights flashing randomly at night -LRB- when the interference comes -RRB- or do like I did and cover them with electrical tape .
 This model monitor works on 900 mhz which means many electronic devices you have in your house -LRB- alarm clock , cordless phone , etc. -RRB- will cause static and impair the video and audio reception . I upgraded to the digital model and the reception is perfect .
 We have owned this monitor for about that year . It works well , the signal is clear and it is great for checking on the baby . However , our first one broke after about 6 months of use - the volume knob stopped working . We got a replacement monitor from the company , which again broke after 6 months - now the on/off button on the top has stopped working . This product just does n't seem to be durable enough for normal wear and tear .
 This product worked well for the first few months . After a while the screen on the monitor began to flicker on and off . It became more and more frequent untill it quit working altogether . We took it back to the store where we got it and the representative said he has seen many come back due to problems .
 i had seen this monitor at a friend 's house , and when i found out i was pregnant with my second child , we remembered this monitor and wanted it instead of the regular kind we had with our first . i was so excited to get it set up , however , we were disappointed very quickly . although the video picture is fairly clear , the reception capabilities are very lacking . if we stand 500 ft away , there is so much static noise that it takes over the entire audio and you could n't possibly be able to tell if the baby is crying or not . great idea , very poorly executed in this particular product .
 I 've had my monitor for 6 months and have used it for probably 4 and yesterday it completely died . It 's never been the best monitor - static , only 2 channels , pointless `` color '' - but I 've dealt with it until now . A few days ago I plugged it into the wall to recharge it and it made a crazy fuzzy noise and would n't turn on if it was plugged in . It got so bad that I could only turn it on every now and then and only see my baby for about 3 seconds before the screen went black . Finally today it completely died . I would not recommend this product . And I never believe the bad reviews ! Baby monitors are supposed to last for more than 4 months . This is ridiculous . Maybe some of them are just flukes , but what if yours is the fluke ? Just do n't throw away the box or your receipt if you 're brave enough to purchase this !
 I purchased this from another vendor this past weekend and will be returning it . We live in a very dense subdivision -LRB- townhouses , etc -RRB- and I was able to view 3 other cribs from the neighborhood ... including sound from one of them . I 'm not at all comfortable with the fact that if I can see them ... anyone can/would surely be able to see into our home as well.I was hoping that we would n't have the problems with the interference , because it is a very nice design , video had good quality and a decent price .
 I bought this video monitor because of the great reviews . I was really excited to get it , but it has a ton of static . I 've now had it for 3 weeks and can only use it as a video monitor -LRB- without sound -RRB- because of the bad static . I tried changing the channel as the instructions stated , but it did not help . additionally , i unplugged all other wireless devices around the house , thinking this would resolved the issue , but that also did not work . Besides the noise of all the static , the picture goes out for a few seconds at a time -LRB- randomly -RRB- if you are walking around the house.Overall , the video quality is nice , but the static is unbelievably bad ! I 'm sticking to my fisher price sound monitor for the time being .
 Summer Infant Day & Night Handheld Color Video Monitor with 1.8 '' Screen - SilverWe have had nothing but problems with this monitor ! We purchased it 14 months ago and are no unable to use it at all.We get tons of interference , sometimes we pick up our neighbors phone conversations , and we are in houses with a fair amount of space between propertiesThe rechargeable battery stopped recharging after 7 months , so it is no longer portable.The audio has become intermittent about 6 months ago fading in and out all night long.Last week I awoke to the entire face plate of the monitor melted and the plastic housing pulling away from itself . It was on my nightstand where it always is , but for some reason it overheated . I contacted Summer since it is 2 months past warranty they offered me a replacement monitor for $ 100.00 I laughed hystericallyWhat a waste of money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The audio static from this monitor made it impossible for me to sleep . Most of the time the audio and video reception were fine , but about once every two minutes a loud static would broadcast making it impossible to fall or stay asleep . By the second week of this of this , I was too jelous to watch my son sleeping perfectly soundly on the monitor while I was kept wide awake !
 We were so excited about the video monitor . My husband hooked it up , turned on the video monitor and to our surprise saw a baby -LRB- not our baby , who is due any day now -RRB- . He switched to the second channel and there was someone else 's baby . If we can see other people 's babies , then they can see ours , which really creeps us out . So , if you live close to someone who has the same monitor , then it is likely that you will be able to see their baby . We returned the video monitor and purchased the Philips Avent Sound Monitor , which was highly recommended on Amazon .
 Overall , this monitor is great . The video quality is on par with other monitors I have seen , and audio is quite responsive . I especially like the button on top of the receiver which allows you to easily toggle video on and off.The negative : - This is a 900MHz monitor , not 2.4 GHz , which means it is incredibly succeptible to interferance , which kept my wife and I awake a lot of the night . We 've tried moving the monitor around to different locations in the home , but to no avail . The interference manifests itself in short , half-second bursts of static , which occur every 2-3 seconds or so . - Bulky . The receive is quite bulky . When wearing it on your belt , it is easy to knock off on the floor . - To charge the receiver , one must plug it in via a power jack on the side . I would prefer it if this unit charged via a charging cradle like other similar units , as this option helps avoid pulling power cords and wearting out the charging jacks.Overall , decent monitor , however I would highly recommend you spend a bit more money and get a `` digital '' monitor .
 I bought this product when I was expecting my second baby , about ten months ago . A friend showed me how it worked perfectly for her , so I was excited to use my first camera-monitor . However , three months ago it began to fail . When I turn it on , whether it is plugged or on batteries , it wo n`t work immediately . I had to walk around the room with it until it started to transmit the sound -LRB- camera works perfectly though -RRB- . And this problem only went worse . Now , I have to shake the monitor , sometimes evently harshly , until it works . Tonight I spent almost ten minutes shaking it until it started transmiting.Since I live in Southamerica , I can not return it easily . So now I only have two options
 For us , this monitor was great , until after about 6 months on both units.The video works great , the sound is very good , and the quality is perfect for us . The problems started when , after six months , the video on/off button stopped working . It would only work when it was plugged in , which meant we had no use of the video when it was unplugged.We thought , it was probably just a defective one , and we 'll get a replacement . So we did.Again , 6 months after we had it , we had another issue . This time , the volume stopped working . It would suddenly cut out for minutes at a time , or we would have it all the way up , but only hear just a little bit , then suddenly the volume would kick it.We finally are receiving a full refund and getting another brand altogether . Two units in under a year is too much for us.Also , with only 2 channels , we also picked up on other monitors in our area at times . We would be able to watch another families baby , which was really creepy and made us realize that they could do the same . I will not be purchasing Summer products again .
 I had to buy a new $ 20 battery after one year of life , then the sound wo n't work , and if it is working sometimes , you also have a very loud hum . What a waste . The camera does n't stay in place , just flops all the way down . Piece of junk . My baby was screaming and I did n't hear a thing on the moniter .
 I purchased one of these monitors 2 years ago , and I was very happy . When my 2nd son was born , I bought another . The 2nd monitor does not work properly , and also interferes with the first monitor so it does not work as well any more either . I contacted Summer Infant to find out where I could bring the monitor to return it and get a new one , and after weeks of back and forth , here was their response : Thank you for your reply . Our company policy is to receive the defective unit first before we send out the new item to ensure our Quality Assurance Team will receive the product for review . If you wanted to purchase another system in the meantime , we would not be able to reimburse you for that purchase . We are unable to issue refunds since we do not handle the purchase . Please feel free to use the UPS label sent to your email to send us back the system you currently own for a replacement system.Basically , I have to buy another monitor at my own expense while they look at my monitor . They will not reimburse me for the new monitor . I would not recommend this product to anyone who is going to have more than one child .
 Loved this at first . Great video and sound quality and volume could be shut off completely and still see image . My first one broke after a couple of months and Summer replaced it free of charge . My second one just broke after exactly 2 years . I am not buying this one again . For the price , I would have liked this to last another year or so .
 This monitor is not great . We had the older model and you could move the camera around to see different angles of the crib . On this one you cant !! So annoying . We returned it .
 Battery was out of juice after just a year of use . Screen went out after 2 years . This wo n't last through one kid , let alone multiple kids .
 We LOVED this monitor , until about 2 months ago . We 've had it for under 2 years and the video monitor has given out on us . I see we are not alone.I have n't yet called the company , but I will see if they can sell us a replacement video monitor for less than buying an entirely new unit . -LRB- They probably will , but I am certain it wo n't be worth it rather than buying an entirely new unit . -RRB- If we have to buy a new video monitoring system , I am very hesitant to buy another Summer Infant . There are so many great feature on cameras / systems out there , I 'm not sure if I wo n't try to see if another brand can outlast Summer Infant . I have n't seen as many `` It gave out on us '' reviews on other brands as I have for this particular brand -LRB- and/or model -RRB- . I 'm giving it two stars because the features are great , but if it does n't last , it does n't make much of a difference . Did this serve my purpose ? ... yes . Great for Baby monitoring ; the day as well as night vision was very clear -LRB- although it sounds like some of the newer models have much higher video quality like the new Samsung -RRB- , and the audio was certainly loud enough . It 's very easy to set up and it does n't have any annoying features that beep or vibrate at you when there is movement . I will add to the review what I hear once I call the Summer Infant company.p.s . We have another baby on the way ... so we have to find another monitor ... If you plan on having more than one , look for a monitor that lasts longer than this Summer Infant one .
 My handheld video monitor worked for a year or so then started to flash rapidly to the point that you can barely see anything on the monitor anymore . For the amount of money this costs it should last more than a year . I was hoping to use it for a second child . I would not recommend or buy again until they either drop the price or make it more durable .
 I hardly ever review products , but thought this is one that is worth chiming in on . We have used this monitor for about 14 months now . Initially , the monitor worked well with the only negative being the sound quality -LRB- hard to adjust the volume to the point where the static is n't annoying but is still loud enough to hear the baby -RRB- . After about six months the battery essentially died . When we would take it off of A/C power the video would go out and the sound would go to all static . So for the past year we have been required to keep the unit plugged in -LRB- kind of annoying -RRB- . Within the last couple of weeks the screen started flickering -LRB- looked like a strobe light was in our baby 's room -RRB- . After about a week of flickering the screen is entirely dead . Now we are left with an audio only baby monitor and not a very good one at that.Unfortunately , there does n't appear to be many higher quality video baby monitor alternatives , so we have opted for an inexpensive analog audio only model . The sound is much better than the Summer Infant baby monitor . Maybe as time passes a better alternative will become available.Anyway , I thought I would post this review to give a long-term product use perspective . If we had reviewed this product the first month after purchasing it we probably would have given it 4/5 stars . This is probably why the overall rating seems inflated to us . I do n't think $ 180 is a good value for a monitor that may last only one year.P.S . - Some friends of ours have voiced concerns about the health effects of placing a wireless transmitter -LRB- essentially what this is -RRB- that is broadcasting 24/7 so close to the crib . If you do a web search you will find some inconclusive studies on the effects . We have decided to keep using the monitor -LRB- at least until it broke -RRB- . It is so easy to be paranoid about every little thing . But thought I would throw it out there .
 We are a little disappointed with the reception - there are only two channels . One does n't seem to work very well , the other conflicts with our Airport Express . Right now we 're only using the audio , and even that does n't seem to pick up the soft sounds .
 Hello
 This monitor will only last you about a year . Do n't waste your money.Our friends bought this product and it stopped working right at a year . They sent it back and got a new one . A year later , it crapped out on them . They sent it back , but customer service made it pretty clear this would be their last replacement.Ours continued to work after one year -LRB- after the warranty was up -RRB- , so we were n't too worried . After 15 months , yup - it crapped out on us . Now we ca n't get it replaced because it is after the one-year warranty -LRB- so we 've been told -RRB- . We can send it back to be refurbished , but that leaves us without a monitor , now does n't it?It starts with the volume going out , then the video . Please do some research before buying this product - a lot of people have the same problem - in fact , I 'm willing to bet just about everyone , after a year , will have the same difficulties . It was nice while it lasted , but if you do n't want to have to purchase another monitor a year after your baby is born , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 We have owned this monitor for 19 months . It worked great until it just stopped showing video one day . For the price of this monitor you would think it would last past two years . Now with our second child just born I am buying my second monitor . Buyer beware !!!
 We were very excited when we received this monitor as a baby shower gift when our 4th daughter was born . However , while we loved the idea of having means to check on her both audio and visually , we often picked up the video images of our neighbors ' infants instead of our own ! We also had problems with the sound ... the static often interferred with the sounds of our baby and was annoying when we were trying to sleep . Then , after only 10 months of use , the monitor gave out completely -- no sound or picture ! This was an expensive unit that we expected to last longer than 10 months ! My daughter is at the age now where it is really helpful to be able to see what she is doing in her crib , as she is pulling up and much more mobile than she was an an infant . When I called Summer to discuss the problem , they simply said the unit was out of warranty -LRB- even though it was less than a year old ! -RRB- and would have to be replaced . Because this was a shower gift I have no receipt to show that I have owned the unit for less than a year , which is required to take advantage of their warranty . So be warned , save your receipts if you buy this monitor . We are staying away from the Summer brand because of the poor quality of the product and the disappointing customer service . What a waste of money ! So very disappointed !!!
 I purchased this item in April . Although I was pleased with the visual monitor , the sound components were less than satisfactory . By the end of May , the sound was no longer working . Amazon.com is wonderful and the item was returned and replaced very fast.In October , we had the SAME ISSUES with the new device , the sound no longer works . The monitor is a great idea , they just seem to have deceptive components for the sound .
 If all you are looking for is a great color/night vision video monitor , this is your device . However , if you want to be able to listen in on your baby as well , this is not the way to go . I was very excited to have this monitor until I plugged it in . I have tried to use it in my home , my parent 's home , and now our new home in another city and in all three places the video worked great , but the sound mechanism put out a very loud static that prevented us from ever hearing the baby -LRB- yes , I tried it on both the A and B channels in all locations -RRB- . Friends of ours who also have this same device have the same issue . We think that maybe the wifi we have in our homes could be interfering with the sound mechanism , but for $ 135 + that should not be an issue . I have not used other video monitors , so maybe they are all like this , but I would not buy this for or recommend it to any friends or family members .
 Tons of static which led to no sleep and sleeping in babies room just to avoid using the monitor until we got a better one , even though our little girl was sleeping fine .
 We loved this product until 3 days ago when the sound stopped working . It worked well for 3 weeks . I live in Brazil , so I 'm not even going to try to get a refund or get it fixed by Summer . I will send it to a repair shop and see if they can fix it . It seems to be the microphone ... Very disappointed for such and EXPENSIVE product !! Karina
 This started out as a great video monitor . It was very easy to install and the picture is wonderful . It has great color and night vision . However , after 3 months , the battery started dying after an hour of being charged . After 2 months of poor charging , now the connection between the battery charger and the monitor is very poor . It has to be angled at the exact angle and can not be moved , or else it wo n't work . When the connection is poor , the picture dies and the monitor turns to static . This has been so unreliable , I will need to purchase a new one . Very disappointed !
 Do not buy a Summer monitor ! It WILL break in approximately 12 months and the terrible customer service team expects you to mail your monitor in before they will send you a new one , which means you are out of a monitor for two weeks ! That is a ridiculous option for what was a poorly designed monitor in the first place . Ask anyone - these monitors break easily . Spend more money on a better quality product that will last for the 2 + years you 'll want to use it .
 We have had four of these for 2 kids . Yes , four . On the last one I at least learned my lesson and got the extended warranty . I bought mine at BabiesRUs , but it 's the brand that is bad . They are great for about 12-15 months -LRB- sadly the length of the extended warranty -RRB- . After that , the picture starts to get fuzzy and if you switch between the two channels -LRB- for 2 kids -RRB- , the contact will wear out.Issues in order -LRB- all within 8-15 months of purchase -RRB- 1 . Monitor screen burnt out2 . Channel contact went bad -LRB- monitor would only get 1 channel -RRB- 3 . Picture went shaky/staticy4 . Channel contact went badPros
 This product was ` ok ' out of the box and went down hill from there . Bottom line , avoid this paticular product -LRB- and brand -RRB- . Details below :1 . TOO LOUD
 I have a 2.5 year old and a 10 month old . Since the birth of my first child , I have burned through two Summer handheld monitors . I tried to get the battery replaced on the first , but that solution only worked for a short while . I repurchased thinking I 'd have better luck with a second unit . After only a few months , I started having problems with battery life in it . The second unit still works , but the battery wo n't hold a charge . Therefore , it only operates when it is plugged into the cord . It is still useful , but the portability is gone.If battery life were not such an issue , the product would be great . I 've had recurring problems with these , so I do n't think I got a lemon . The batteries just do n't last .
 I purchased this monitor as a replacement for a more expensive monitor after the handset broke . This baby monitor lacks any security so you are broadcasting out to the whole world your baby 's room . There is significant audio and picture static and other interference . Our screen would sometimes pick up security cameras from a car dealership down the street . The handheld unit is very bulky and the camera mount makes it difficult to mount on the wall and angle . Considering this unit is $ 140 its a rip off . I would look elsewhere .
 I completely agree with some of these other reviews that the unit stops functioning after several months of use and the only thing you see is static . My son is 18 months now and this baby monitor worked for probably the first 9 months ... after that I 've been getting spotty reception and it does n't matter where I try to use it , I get the same problem . My mother bought one for her house as well and the exact same thing happened to her . Complete waste of money .
 I bought this monitor b/c I wanted something portable that I could look in on my little one while she sleeps . At first , I could n't be happier , but now after a few months of use , I have started to notice many problems with functionality . The picture quality is fuzzy even just a few feet away . I have tried the 2nd channel , which is even worse . Maybe I am getting interference from my neighbors ? Maybe more than 2 channels would help , but I am stuck with simply the `` A '' or `` B '' option . Also the button on the top turns the screen on or off . It only works 1/4 times that it is pressed . I feel like the quality of the monitor could be better . Otherwise , when it works , the picure is clear and the sound quality decent -LRB- I wish it had an auto `` on '' for the sound so that I did n't have to listen to the white noise in the background -RRB- . I think if I were to do it all over again I might get a different brand or if I 'm going to get something that 's just `` ok '' then I would get the Summer monitor that has the option to zoom and move the camera remotely .
 We 've gone through 2 of these monitors and it is a great concept but the design does n't filter interference well . We have a WiFi network in the house , no portable phones and unless we are fairly close we get intermittent loud crackles , pops , static . Second unit was a bit better than the first , not much . Their customer support was great , sent out a second unit via Fedex with no questions , nor requesting deposit , with return label on the original . If you have a non-network house might work but for us , forget it . I 'm trying another monitor so we can sleep again . This thing needs a re-design and their fast turnaround in sending out a replacement may be that they know as well .
 I got this as an unregistered baby shower item and thought the video was not needed . Nonetheless , my husband convinced me to keep it - and I fell in LOVE with the video monitor . The color screen -LRB- even in the daytime -RRB- was only ever a pale hint of color , but the black & white was fine for viewing the baby and served the purpose . We put up with the STATIC which was irritating but worth it for seeing our baby . The static woke me on more than a few occasions . THE TROUBLE STARTS with the volumn dial . It becomes impossible to adjust and you eventually lose the sound -LRB- most important feature ! -RRB- . Summer Infant customer service first tells you to blow air on the dial -LRB- believe me , I 'm not making this up ... -RRB- , and it temporarily fixes the problem . When that no longer worked , I called again to do a warranty claim to find our warranty was expired . There are two ways they honor the warranty
 We LOVE this monitor , but only when it does not have awful interference . Unfortunately , in the evening for some reason the interference is really bad and all we hear is static off and on for hours . We do not live in an apartment or townhouse -LRB- which I read was not recommended for this product -RRB- , but we do have wireless internet . Only we are n't using it when there is static , so who knows ... I love being able to see my boy , but the static makes the monitor REALLY annoying .
 I 've had to deal with interference from the 1st day I used it , but after about 4 months , the screen burnt out . So now all i hear is static when i expected to hear and see my baby !
 Although having a video monitor is wonderful , this one only works when it wants to ! The static is frequent -LRB- we do n't have interference from landlines , etc. -RRB- and occasionally we get a blaring , loud interference that takes several minutes to end . Often times the static will increase if you even move around it ! I 've never had this problem with our other sound monitor . We have only used this product for 6 months and there must be a short or something in the monitor itself because when we adjust the volume we sometimes lose the sound ! For the $ 200 I paid for it , it 's not worth it at all ! I hope to return it for my money back . This monitor will not last much longer at this rate .
 I always listen to what other mothers have to say in their reviews , it always helps . I thought I should give back and give you a heads up on this monitor . I have this monitor and it cracks and makes all kinds of crazy sounds . It has kept us up more than the baby . At first I thought it was just mine but , my girlfriends had the same problem . I gave it one star because I do recommend a monitor with the screen , it really helps !
 I must have gotten a dud , because this thing only crackles and pops with intermittent audio . The video reminds me of 1950 's TV pictures -- with broken tubes . I am returning it . Its a real piece of junk .
 As we plugged it in and saw the first images we were amazed . This will be great for monitoring our baby ... until we walked out of the room.By stepping through the threshold of the baby room , we lost picture and had tons of static interference , even after trying both channels . We needed to immediately return the device.As a monitor for freely monitoring your baby , I could not reccomend this product.The main reason for going with this model was becouse of the 900mhz frequency which was not supposed to be affected by the wireless internet we have . It just lacks in reception capabilities altogether .
 well , maybe it is because that i am living in a villa that it is not build with wood and stuff , it is concretei cant get it in the room that is only 10-12 meters -LRB- 30-36 -RRB- feet awayi bought this one for my sister 's first babyi really was thinking it is gon na be great present , but it turns out it is not at allany howi think it is a good for regular wooden housesbut for the hard core buildings it is not good at all
 I ordered the item over a month ago and it is past the date that the vendor said it would be here . I have contacted the vendor and gotten no response . I have had to file a complaint with amazon.com to try and help me either get the product or get my money back .
 this item has a short battery life . sometimes it will die during the night even if have charged it fully during the day.this system is prone to a lot of interferences .
 I received this as a baby shower gift . 2 months after we started using it the monitor stopped working . My twins are 10 months old and the thing loses it 's charge within an hour . If it 's not losing it 's charge it 's pure static and white noise EVEN when plugged in . I would n't recommend it to watch over my bird let alone my twins .
 This monitor was awful !!! It worked for 3 days and then the screen went blank and that was it . It is not worth the money !!
 We loved this product until a couple nights ago . We started using it when our son was born , and he is not yet 10 months old . The night vision camera just quit working . Summer Infant customer service made me produce the receipt -LRB- luckily I bought it on Amazon , so I could access the invoice -RRB- to prove it was purchased within the past year . They are saying the model was discontinued and they are sending me a replacement that is supposed to be a step up , the Secure Sight Handheld . Judging from reviews about the Secure Sight Handheld , and based on the price being much lower , I am not sure it is a step up . Have n't decided if I am going to go along with the swap or argue for something better .
 It worked ok at my friends , altho it was black and white in the day , so I bought one . Unfortunately , it was grainy , lots of noisy feedback on both the camera - woke the baby , and on the receiver . and I saw my neighbors baby more than mine even when I switched back and forth between the 2 channels . I was sad it did n't work in my home , I guess it depends on the home . I tried everything , changing positions of the camera , changing antennae positions etc , etc. . I guess , it 's just incompatible with my house so I had to return it . Giving it a 2 star cuz it worked ok . at my friends .
 I gave this monitor one star because it is dangerous . It will randomly turn off during the day or night with no way of knowing . One night I woke up to my son crying and the monitor showed a picture of him sleeping and silent . It had frozed or something -RRB- . We returned it and got a new one thinking it was just a fluke , but it happened a second time with another one . Do n't buy this if you want any piece of mind that your child is safe .
 We bought this video monitor just a couple of months ago . My son is 19 months old . We 've had a couple video monitors before this one and this is the worst one by far . While there are a few things I like about this one , the bad far outweighs the good.The things I like : - SUPER clear picture !! - very nice brightness control . a lot of monitors offer this now-Great battery life . It seriously lasts for like 10 hours . It 's greatThings I HATE : - Reception is HORRIBLE !!! This is probably my biggest complaint . I live in a very small , 2 bedroom apt . The parent unit never gets more than about 40 feet from the camera and ca n't hold reception . It 's ridiculous . The picture gets fuzzy when the reception is not perfect , but the sound is the worst . I have to listen to static all night because I do n't want to turn the volume off so I can still hear him cry if he does . I leave the volume off during naps though because it is so annoying . I do n't know how anyone would be able to use this if they lived in a larger home.-No vox option . The picture does n't come on when my son starts crying . If you 've never had this option , I suppose you would n't miss it . We had a baby monitor before this one that had the vox option and I really miss it.-No signal when battery dies . Because the battery life lasts so long , I only need to charge the parent unit every couple of days . So , when I do n't charge it at night , it will die occasionally during the night . Admittedly , this is also some user error . However , the user manual says not the charge it unless it 's dying , otherwise the battery life will slowly get shorter and shorter . SO , in an attempt to preserve the battery life , I do that , but then it sometimes dies in the middle of the night because I do n't realize the battery 's dying.-The volume control is bad . Even though it has a dial , it has to either be very loud or off . As you turn the dial , the volume is off and then when you turn it even a millimeter further , the volume is so loud I can hear my son breathing and every time he even turns over it wakes me up . So while it may be nice that the mic could pick up the sound of a pin dropping , I do n't want to hear every tiny noise all night . I have a 1 year old and need some sleep.-The parent unit is very big and bulky . I hate how large it is.-The clip that pops out to allow the parent unit to stand is hard to get out . My husband ca n't get it out because he does n't have nails . Luckily mine are long enough to squeeze in there and be able to pop it out . I feel like I 'm going to break it every time with how hard you have to pull though .
 This is my first Amazon review . I felt I had to write this as we recently purchased a Summer Infant Day and Night Handheld Color Video Monitor with 1.8 '' Screen here on Amazon and we had a very scary experience with the monitor . The handheld video monitor unit was plugged in our daughter 's room and fell over during the night . It fell against a stuffed elephant some of the vents were blocked and the unit totally melted down releasing horrible smelling noxious odors and it scorched the animals synthetic fur.For the record , the manual states that this unit should be well ventilated but I am floored that there is no thermal shutoff and that the unit can get hot enough to completely melt the plastic and burn things around it . Baby items should be designed to be extra safe and in our experience this item is not . When we contacted the manufacturer they just quoted the manual about assuring proper ventilation and offered to sell us a refurbished unit for $ 80 . We will not be using any more Summer Infant products .
 This monitor has performed very poorly for us . It worked for a couple weeks when we first purchased it -LRB- approximately two years ago -RRB- , then we started to get constant interference with the sound . Even after adjusting anything and everything that could be interfering with the signal , it still did n't work well . We can still hear things but can not leave the volume on because the interference is so annoying . We never replaced it because we mostly used the video capabilities -LRB- which are fine but not fantastic -RRB- but a few weeks ago the night vision stopped working . I did n't really care but then my daughter got sick this week and I could n't see her at night , which was problematic . We will be buying another monitor which will most definitely not be a Summer ! This is NOT a monitor I would ever recommend to anyone !
 when I first bought this monitor I was ver pleased . the video is excellent and night vision works perfectly.unfortunately after 6 months the battery of the parent unit stopped working and would only worked if plugged in , so it was a pain cause I could n't go outside and relax , had to stay near the unit where the plug was . as I live in another country I could n't call for the warranty . would not recommend this to anyone .
 We bought this product in may as a gift for a first time mother . We bought it ahead of time for a baby shower on July 2nd 2011 . The day of the baby shower the mom to be opened the gift very excited with all the comotion she threw the box away . That night as she was checking all of her presents she received she check the baby video monitor and it did not work . We tried to check to see if it was the batteries and that wasnt it . Thid is a brand new product if should not have these kind of issues . Horrible experience .
 When our son was born we used an audio only monitor and it was really difficult to determine whether he was awake or just fussing in his sleep . I did extensive reviews on Amazon and elsewhere for the ideal video baby monitor and determined this was the best.When we received it , we installed it and loved it instantly . The picture quality was perfect and the audio is very sensitive and clear -LRB- too much in fact , we could hear noises very clearly outside his bedroom -RRB- . We were actually considering installing a second video camera in his play room so that we can use the monitor to switch between both his bedroom and play room because it has two channels.However , about 2 weeks ago the video feed started giving us trouble an now it is completely scrabbled !!! : -LRB- What a disappointment !! We really enjoyed using this monitor due to its crisp colour video feed , clear night vision capability , portability and great audio . Now we have to now look for another monitor that has a shelf life longer than a year .
 The first one I purchased was obviously a return from someone else . The packaging was cut into , paint -LRB- YES PAINT -RRB- and scratches on the monitor . I was able to get another one sent to me ... had to pay for it prior to the refund even though the first one was a reject from someone else . Three days , three days , three days after the package was opened , the monitor stopped working . Based on the poor customer service from amazon and the poor -LRB- two in a row -RRB- product sold by amazon , BUY SOMETHING DIFFERENT FROM SOMEONE ELSE !!!!!!!!!!
 I wanted to post b/c I think it is important to know that if your neighbor has this monitor you will be able to see their nursery instead of yours . In fact , all someone needs is a handset and they can sit in the near vicinity of your house and see your nursery !! It is a big security risk . If you want a monitor that does n't have this problem ... make sure it is a digital one . This one is NOT !!! Also , on a side note ... this monitor tends to crackle and have static a lot and the battery life on the handset did n't last long.The one positive note is that the picture was good.Also worth noting
 We got this from my wife 's parents as a gift . Conceptually , it 's a great idea . But it was n't long before it crapped out.The main problem we have with it is that the plug connector to the hand held unit stopped being able to connect to the unit almost immediately . We 've tried `` jiggling '' it around and can spend 10 minutes or so before it connects and give the unit power . Until you try to move it - even an inch . We 've even tried rubber bands to push it more in place . And because the connector is so iffy , it means it can not charge the rechargable batteries . Honestly , I would n't mind leaving it plugged in if it would stay connected to the unit . And trying to spend the 10-15 minutes to get this thing to work at 3am is frustrating as heck.There 's also the part where it only has two channels available to pick up . When we can the the connection to work , we see our neighbor 's twins -LRB- they have one infant on each channel -RRB- more clearly than we can see our own child . And it 's only across the house!The static is also pretty loud.The only reason we 've held on to this unit is because we do n't really know a good baby monitor to try . And because they 're so danged expensive.We have some friends who have this monitor . They 've gone through two units . The first crapped out like ours and the second one they bought worked . I just ca n't afford to shell out the second $ 150 or so it costs to try.I wanted this monitor to be great . It 's not , do n't waste your time or money .
 I bought Summer 's `` Color Handeld Video Monitor w / Night Vision '' . It was not quiet , but all static ! No matter what I did I could not get it to work appropriately . Summer allowed me to return the monitor and they sent me a new one . The new one does not work !! ** Apparantly if you have a cordless phone of 900mz , it will not work at all . Additionally , Customer Service stated if you live in a townhouse or apartment building they tend to get interferance as well . Summer can not issue a refund and there suggestion was to return it to the store . SAVE YOUR RECEIPT !!
 We purchased this product for our baby over a year ago , and it seemed to work well for a few months . We could n't be more pleased . It did what it said.But all of a sudden , the video part stopped working , and we could no longer see our baby at all . The screen heated up and it probably killed the screen.We ended up getting another one , same model.The video on this one works for a few minutes , and when it gets hot , it stops working . We have to keep it off and only turn on the video when we really need to see our baby . And sometimes the video stops working for no reason at all . And it had now stopped working and we can not see anything any more . And we have only had this new monitor for a few months.Pretty disappointing , since the whole idea is to be able to see.We are currently shopping around for a monitor that has a screen that actually works for a long time . Hope we find one .
 My baby is due on early June and at the beginning of May , as I was finishing the nursery , I decided to test all the products , only to find out that the video on the monitor is not working , there 's no image at all . I went over the `` problem solving '' on the manual , but it did n't work . I 'm very disappointed and frustrated , as the product is ranked as number 76 in the best seller section of the baby department at Amazon , but mine wo n't work.I sent e-mails to Summer Infant , try to call the 0800 -LRB- more than 30 minutes waiting -RRB- , but I could n't find/talk to nobody.A company that sells baby products should understand the importance of the products that surrounds the arrival of a baby ... -LSB- ASIN : B0007OD8SU Summer Infant Day and Night Handheld Color Video Monitor with 1.8 '' Screen - Silver -RSB-
 My wife and I purchased 2 sets of these monitors for use with our 2 children.Both monitors broke within ~ 12 months from time of purchase.I reached out to the manufacturer and was told that the warranty is only for 12 months.If we had known that these baby monitors would only last 1 year , we would not have spent the $ 200 + for the item .
 After eight months of light use our monitor developed such awful static that we had to basically turn off the volume at all times . About two weeks after the static the video shorted out and now goes in and out . I tried all the troubleshooting tips to no avail . When I called customer service they told me there was nothing I could do because the monitor was over a year old because the warranty was from the date of purchase . It had been a shower gift and my daughter slept in our room for the first 5 months so even though it had only seen 8 months of light use it basically was not their problem . When I explained that I was having another child and was concerned about spending a lot of money on one of their dual monitoring systems if they broke so quickly she directed me to the refurbished monitors for customers `` under financial strain . '' I would not advise purchasing this or any other Summer Infant product , as they seem unconcerned about the quality of their products or customer loyalty .
 We had this product for several months and at first I really , REALLY loved it . It had a pretty clear picture , decent night vision and very clear sound . My daughter was a newborn at the time and it gave me great peace of mind that I could see her breathing and moving around while she was sleeping . I would n't say I used it more than the average family . Maybe 5 hours a day total , as I did not need it for the entire night -LRB- she slept in our room . -RRB- Fast forward until she was about four months old and I began to notice that the parent until would get very hot when we were using it . I stopped using it during her naps because I was afraid that it would overheat too much and then i 'd be afraid to use it at night . Fast forward a few more weeks and the parent unit overheated to the point where the screen actually CRACKED internally ! I was horrified and stopped using the monitor immediately . My husband came up with the idea that maybe we could use the monitor just as a sound monitor until we could go out and purchase another -LRB- different -RRB- video monitor -- So a day or two only . I reluctantly agreed and we gave it a try . About two hours into using it this way I looked over and noticed a brown spot on the side of the parent unit ... a burnt spot ! Where the plastic had burned ! I freaked out , unplugged the monitor and threw the whole thing in the garbage . I am NOT risking my child 's safety for this hazardous piece of junk ! I have sent an email to Summer 's Infant but never received a reply . I am not sure if this was all due to a faulty unit as I am aware that this product does seem to have decent reviews -LRB- which is why I bought it in the first place -RRB- but it 's not a risk I am willing to take again .
 My experience is identical to K.Sindelar -LRB- see # 1 - ve review -RRB- - I added this review so I could give it my ` one star ' vote . When I first turned on the receiver I got signals from neighbors houses on both channels -LRB- I live in a typical Midwest suburb of 2200ft2 houses on 1/5th acre lots -RRB- . I was surprised as my expectation was that the data transmission would be secure ; there is no indication of this issue on the packaging or instructions . I do n't want to broadcast video & audio from inside my home to my neighborhood , or get interference from other units . The video and audio looked & sounded fine in the limited testing I did before returning this .
 I thought this would be a good replacement and upgrade for my previous large screen monitor which stopped working after 2 years . Unfortunately we could n't get this thing to work properly . The static was a nightmare and the screen is so small you ca n't see anything at a distance . Maybe it would work better if the camera was directly above the baby but we needed a whole room view which did n't work . We returned it and got the summer infant monitor for $ 80 instead . It has it 's issues as well but seems to be working better for our needs .
 we originally received this monitor as a gift . We tried it out on the spot and it worked great ! We then got it home and set it up in the nursery and that was where the troubles began . The monitor sometimes worked and the only way to get any sort of sound -LRB- which was usually a sqwelching noise -RRB- was the turn the monitor and camera to OPPOSITE channels -LRB- the directions state they must be on the same channel to work -RRB- . The manual that comes with the monitor instructed us to contact the company directly-which we did ... several times-and the company refused to respond back to any and all inquiries . Eventually we exchanged it for another monitor . It would appear that this is a fairly typical problem with these monitors . Would not recommend to anyone that plans on actually wanting a FUNCTIONING monitor . Considering the cost of this monitor compared to many others out there , it should be stellar , but that does not appear to be the case .
 I have had this video monitor for a year and a half and used it everyday for one year . Overall it was great for exactly one year which is how long the warranty is good for . After the one year , there was tons of static , the volume stays silent until you blast it all the way up to the highest and then every little sound wakes you up frightened something is going on in your baby 's bedroom ! I would not recommend this monitor for longevity use - especially if you plan to have more than one child .
 We have loved this monitor . I disregarded the hype about how video monitors make for paranoid parents and so on . It is reassuring to be able to both hear and watch my son to ensure he is ok . But after two years , the battery life is going , and big black splotches have appeared on the screen . I intended on the monitor lasting a while longer , so this is disappointing .
 The video quality on the monitor is great . Both the day and night functions are crystal clear . However , this device gets WAY too much interference . I do n't know if it 's from our WIFI or other electronic devices in our house but its HORRIBLE . We ca n't use the sound because the static drives us crazy hearing it , but if we turn off the sound then we ca n't hear when the baby wakes up . We 've tried both channels and it does n't matter . They both have bad interference . I would not recommend this monitor if you have WIFI in your house . Also , I do n't like that the monitor screen goes into `` Sleep '' mode after only a few minutes if it 's not plugged in . It makes doing chores around the house while she 's sleeping very difficult .
 I hate this monitor with a passion . I ca n't sleep at night because all I hear is the damn static and cracking that 's if I can even get the sound to work anymore . The only time you get a clear picture or clear sound is if you are in the same room as the camera or literally the next room . That 's it . Forget the 900 feet of reach . BS This thing is POS do n't waste your money or peaceful sleep at night . All night it 's just cracking and static ... I would rather hear my baby cry all night . I did n't have to spend money on that noise . Get a different monitor . Not to mention if we are just in the right spot we can spy on the neighbors who also must have one of these crappy monitors , which by the way , only has two channels . So if neither works well then you 're screwed . Like I said POS ! Get something else . I am ordering a differnt monitor and drowning this thing in the pool !
 This is a waste of money . Not only was the monitor in black and white but after not even 6 months we started having problems with this system . We feel like it was a waste of money . It has n't even been a year since we purchased the monitor and the camera both have completely stop working . I would definitely not recommend this to anyone . I rather spend my money on a different system !
 Just a short response based on our results . We 've had no problems with the cameras , but the monitors are WORTHLESS ... We 've had multiple monitors fail on us now , and the reception is terrible . Battery life is not great , either . After our fourth monitor is starting to go , we 've decided to look elsewhere .
 I did my research before buying the Summer Infant Day and Night monitor . It seems like many people opt for this monitor and it got mostly good reviews so I figured I would try it out.At first , I did like the monitor . The picture is very clear , even at night . And the range is pretty good , I could go outside and still get a pretty good signal for video/audio . Right away , I noticed something very STRANGE
 Boo - do n't go with this unit . In my opinion , when you spend this much on a product , it should at least last as long as you need it to . Like while your children are little enough to want to monitor them . I thought I would be able to use this for my 2nd child , but no such luck . I have a stereo that lasted 30 years and this monitor 's volume started to malfunction after only about a year.If you call they tell you to blow air into the volume dial opening . ???? What ? Because dust gets in there . How bizarre . Just as other reviewers mention , you can have a refurbished model for 80 bucks -LRB- no thank you . -RRB- The battery stops charging within no time at all , as well , so one would need to almost immediately replace the battery . I always charge it all day long and it still wo n't even allow me to listen with the video screen turned off for more than a few minutes . I also was never in love with the volume dial in general , being that you rotate UP to turn it down , and rotate DOWN to turn it up . I can get used to anything , but it does n't make much sense.I give this product a big `` BOO '' for the money . One year warranty ? Really ? Should n't it really last longer that ONE YEAR ? The rep told me a lot of people have no problems with it ... well that 's nice for them but sucks for me !
 It 's a great concept to have video monitoring of your baby , but I had to return this unit due to the following problems :1 -RRB- Very bad reception ... being even 30-50 feet away -LRB- and our house is only 15 years old -RRB- the reception turned snowy2 -RRB- Only 2 channels ... so very likely it 's going to receive interference from phones/WIFI/neighbor / etc. . If you 've ever seen normal baby monitors or cordless phones , there are dozens if not hundreds of channels .3 -RRB- The video camera itself is extremely light ... so when you aim/tilt the camera forward , it falls over ! You 'll need to put a rock or other weight to keep it from doing a summersault off the table/nightstand/shelf . # 1 and # 2 are what really got to me . We live in a world of cordless phones , WIFI , and all sorts of other things that may interfere with each other . This unit really should have had better reception planned into the design.However , when it did work , it was very handy ! The night vision was great !
 I sent an email to the company asking them if there was anything I could do to improve the performance of this unit and were there other device besides cordless phones that could cause static . The manual notes it may interfere with 900 Mhz phones , mine is Ghz . This was their response : ... `` Sabrina , Thank you for contacting Summer Infant . Even though the cordless is in Ghz , it might still interfere with your system . If the phone is at 5 Ghz , the frequency will tend to interact with the 900 MHz and you will be able to hear a lot of static frequently . Normally to solve this problem , you would need to get a digital unit in which we do sell at the retail store . Such digital known as the best view , slim and secure and the secure sleep handheld . The manufacturer are willing to replace the same unit for you , however , as many times we exchange the unit , you would still be having the same issue . We do not do any upgrades or swap . You could possible sell your unit on eBay and use that money toward in getting a digital unit -LRB- it is an option at your choice -RRB- . If you have any questions , feel free to email me directly or contact the customer service line at your earliest convenient . Take careKathyCustomer Care RepresentativeSummer Infant1-800-268-6237 '' ... SELL IT ON eBay ! You got ta be flipping kidding me ! So yes we know it is an issue and it does n't work but we do n't document this anywhere on the box or in any kind of documentation . I ca n't use this monitor as is and am out $ 125 . Thanks ! I wo n't be buying the Digital version just in case there is something else they forgot to mention ! I would feel like a butthead to sell this on eBay and have someone else get it and it not work well . I mean who DOES NOT own a cordless phone in their home ? I am disappointed in this product .
 Ok , as a father of 2 I 've gone through my fair share of video monitors . . all of them from Summer Infant . All in all , I 've used 4 different setups , from the not so expensive $ 100 to the way overpriced but got it as a gift price of almost $ 300 . My opinion ? For the most part , they all suck.The good
 I owe 2 of these and the night vision has broken on both of these units . I did n't have static issues like others have noted but price is too much to pay for something that lasts less than 2 years .
 This monitor goes static-y for me after only a few seconds . Both the sound and visual turn to a loud static , which makes it useless as a monitor . I 'm better off with nothing at all.I 'm principle this is a good monitor , but I ca n't view my baby from downstairs - let alone outside in the yard.I would NOT recommend it . I 've returned mine .
 Was quite happy with the unit until it broke after only 1.5 years of use . Most people use the same monitor for multiple children , we 'll be needing multiple monitors for one child .
 We loved this monitor ... for about 15 months . After that the handheld stopped working and could n't be fixed . I called customer service and was told that there is only a 12 month warranty and it would cost $ 79.99 to replace the unit - with a refurbished one . The refurbished unit will only have a 6 month warranty.I would n't buy one of these again .
 I was convinced to try this product based on the overall 4-star review.The positive reviews here would appear to be people who were lucky with the product . This monitor is plagued with a screen that works sporadically , if it works at all , a speaker that is more prone to feedback that useful audio , and a camera that works poorly , at best , in normal lighting situations . You 'll be better off looking somewhere else.Amazon did a TERRIFIC job of getting the product shipped to us on time ... unfortunately , now I get to experience the return process .
 Although the monitor is a bit bulky -LRB- if you have plans of clipping it to your clothes where you are out and about in your own house -RRB- , it worked well the first six months . Then , all of a sudden , no more picture , just static . I have never been able to figure out what the heck happened and why . I certainly would not purchase any of their electonic products again .
 Beware that this product contains only 2 channels . As a result , this video enabled baby monitor broadcasts your baby 's image and sounds to anyone who purchases this unit . I purchased this for my newborn recently . During setup , I had not yet plugged in the camera -LRB- it was still in the box with the cord wrapped up -RRB- , yet when I turned on the handset , I could see someone elses crib . Found the channel button , of which there is an A or B , changed to the second channel , and sure enough , there is another room , this time a toddlers bed -LRB- the kind with the rails -RRB- . Now both the channel A crib and channel B bed were empty , but it was early afternoon . To confirm that what I was seeing was correct , I turned the unit on again at 11:00 PM . Now I could see one of my neighbors infants and another 's toddler in thier beds.Do you want to be broadcasting what your baby looks like and the sounds from your nursery 24/7 to anyone who can purchase this device and drive around looking for open broadcasts?Cordless phone manufacturers figured out 12 or 15 years ago that each unit needed the ability to pick a fairly unique channel . This device , more sensitve to my mind due to the added video , broadcasts sound and video of your baby free from any security whastsoever.Returned product immeditely.For those curious , I live in a far NW suburb of Chicago and the homes in my neighborhood are not too close with the typical quarter acre lots and I was able to see 2 different cameras .
 Length :
 The first thing I saw when I turned on the handset was my neighbor 's child . I switched channels and saw another baby in a different crib . Only one neighbor has a baby so this thing was picking up a baby from at least two houses away ! I guess it at least has range , but that means anyone nearby could be looking into my house . That means if you want any sense of security that no one is listening in on your conversations through the day , you have to turn the video camera off every morning and after each nap . That means you also would have to use mounting tape so that hitting the off button would n't tilt your camera so that you had to reset it every time . This is too much work for too little security in my opinion.If you can move beyond the security issue -LRB- I was willing to just turn the camera off every time -RRB- , the monitor still needs to function properly . I got a lot of static at different distances , near and far , whether doors were closed or shut . The second night , the audio completely glitched and I had nothing but static . I still had video , but without the audio to wake me up the video is of no use.I would also suggest using a different option to secure the cord if you choose to use this monitor . The tape on the fasteners included in the package is not strong . They came loose from our eggshell-painted walls the first night it was up . Replacing the tape on the fasteners with a more heavy duty mounting tape might work.I returned this and ordered the Baby Touch which I am using for the first time tonight . So far I already like the new one better . More expensive , but with the digital technology I need n't worry about anyone snooping into my home or having to turn the camera on and off . If you are willing to order this Day and Night version over and over to get one that is n't a lemon -LRB- I have read of multiple in the reviews -RRB- , it might be worth it for you to save the money . I 'm not willing to do it personally so I picked one with better reviews . Hopefully this time it will work out.Pros : priceeasy set updecent picture qualityhandset size is convenient . not easily lost , but easy to carry aroundCons : no securitydid n't work properly past the first night!cannot control the camera movements from a remote locationlots of static in the audioThe fact that the monitor stopped working and the complete lack of security , along with the static that made the baby 's cries so hard to distinguish make me give this such a low rating . I would give it only 1 star since it did n't work , but I think if the system worked it would be a good one if you do n't mind the security issues .
 Great way to stream live video of your baby out into the public . Received as a gift and are using as an audio monitor only -LRB- camera pointed at the wall -RRB- , and works fine in this regard .
 We had this product for only 4 months . The on/off button broke after a month and then the screen broke on month four . Called customer service and was given the run around . In the end , we were told the warranty didnt cover the problems we had , and they could sell us a refurbished unit for 50 % off .
 We 've been using this monitor for about a year now with our son . Here is what we dislike :1 . The battery died within 2 months of use and we now must always plug it in for it to be functional .2 . The perspective of the monitor camera is not wide enough . With the monitor mounted on top of the curved headboard of our baby 's crib , the camera only captures two-thirds of the bed . We 've moved it to the top side of the headboard which results in a view of about three-quarters of the bed , but now our one year old can now reach it , and is constantly moving the camera elsewhere . It seems that , to capture the whole mattress , we would have to mount the camera on the wall somehow at least six feet above the bed . Not very practical .3 . The `` color '' monitor is joke . The color is completely faded out , which in practice , makes this a black & white monitor .4 . The lights on the monitor are very bright and flicker constantly from the white noise we keep in the baby 's room . This is slightly disturbing if you parents like a dark room to sleep in . Not that big of deal though.On the plus side , having a video monitor is great , and the sound is very sensitive so you will definitely hear when the baby cries . But I would recommend trying a different brand .
 When I received the product and opened it to set it up , I was quite happy with the build quality and the overall finish of this device . I powered on the camera and then the hand-held monitor and I was amazed that it indeed had a very nice image of the crib area you point it at.Then I powered OFF the camera and kept the hand-held monitor powered ON . Thats when I saw someone else 's baby in his/her crib . The device comes with 2 channels , so I flipped from one channel to the other and to my surprise there was someone else 's baby on the other channel . You can even listen to what the people around the transmitter are talking about . Since the transmitter uses 900Mhz signal to transmit the information over the air , and only has 2 channels , if you stay in a apartment complex or a highly populated area where houses are close-by , there is a chance that someone else might have this item and they can watch/hear what your camera transmits and vice versa.When you power on your own camera , the signal from your camera is the strongest and hence you will only see your baby in your monitor . But if you want privacy and do not want your neighbors to know what you are talking about and what your baby is doing , better stay away from this monitor .
 First one arrived with a snapped off plastic transmitter antenna , I put it back together but it had an annoying buzz on the receiver . No matter where I placed it . Figuring the 2 were related it was sent back and a replacement was promptly sent by Amazon . The second one had this same annoying buzz , that would only get louder as I turned up the volume . This makes it unusable to us at night , unless you like sleepless nights that is . Then the power started cutting in and out on the transmitter so it too went back . I ordered their upcoming product with the little LCD monitor , hopefully some improvements have been made to their product , as conceptually I really like it.PS
 After deciding to splurge a bit on a video monitor -LRB- rather than just an audio monitor -RRB- , I eagerly unwrapped and set up the Summer Infant Day and Night Color Video Monitor . It worked beautifully -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . The image was clear in color and in black and white and I was eager to use it that night . Much to my horror , I turned on the monitor -LRB- before plugging in the camera -RRB- and was shocked to see ANOTHER sleeping baby staring back at me ! I turned the channel and saw yet another unfamiliar little girl sleeping . Neither child lives in my house ! Apparently many of my neighbors own this same video monitor and trust that their children are privately and securely sleepy in their cribs , free of prying eyes . Wonder if they have ever turned on the monitor when the video camera was off ? If they did , I suspect that no one would own this piece of equipment . Unfortunately , this monitor has the potential to be a Peeping-Tom or kidnapper 's dream tool ! * I must note that I do not live in an apartment building or townhome . I live in a traditional neighborhood with homes that are adequately spaced apart . Reconsider before buying this item !
 This monitor was great for the first three months after we got it . Then , for no apparent reason -LRB- I treated this thing like a baby itself , so it was never dropped -RRB- , the sound started cutting out . At first , it did so intermittently , then it pretty much stopped transmitting sound altogether . I tried contacting the company to see if they could repair it , but they never responded . We bought the Sony Baby Call , and it works like a charm.Don ' t waste your money on this product !!
 This monitor is great if you 're in close range , but if you get a room apart from it , it starts to have static . You 're losing enough sleep because of the newborn , you do n't need a monitor keeping you up because of the static as well .
 Yeah , its a great concept , but come on , for over a hundred bucks the product should last longer than a year !!! I bought one unit in 2009 -LRB- at a babies r us -RRB- and was in love with it for the first 8 months . Thought it was the best investment we made for baby ! Then it started going downhill ... the plug to charge the monitor would n't stay in to charge and the static interference got worse . Also the volume doent work anymore , you have to turn it all the way up but then you get a buzzing sound . We have a second baby due next month so decided to buy another unit -LRB- the one I bought on amazon -RRB- the screen is so bright you cant even see the baby in the crib . I have mailed it back to the manufacturer . I am really dissapointed this product isnt made better for how much it costs .
 Monitor shopping is tough . Unfortunately , I 'm right there again . I 'm writing now because it 's nice to hear from people who 've been using these monitors long-term so that you know how they `` age . '' My biggest advice is to SAVE YOUR RECEIPT.We bought the Summer Infant Day/Night video monitor for our first baby a bit over a year ago . We loved having the video b/c our baby 's nursery is upstairs while our room is downstairs . It worked well for the first 6 months or so . At that time , the battery to the parent unit died . We could no longer use it without plugging it in . You can order new batteries through Summer Infant , but I would consider getting a monitor that takes regular batteries so that you can change them as often as necessary without a special order.Having to plug/unplug it as we moved around the house affected portability , but was not a huge deal . Fast forward a couple of months -LRB- about 8 to 9 months of use -RRB- , and the connection for the power adapter to get plugged in started getting really loose . The volume could not be heard at low levels , so I had to crank it up to be sure I heard her . Or what was worse , it would lose the connection for audio altogether , and I would n't know it had no audio until I woke up the next morning , and it was silent while my baby was wide awake in her crib ! Static interference also worsened at this point . It was very annoying to have to adjust and readjust the positioning of the unit to get a clear signal . I tried to duct tape the cord in a good position , but that did n't work.A couple of nice features
 Monitor is very noisy with lots of distortions . Have switched all devices that might possibily interfere with monitor still no use .
 I have had this product for 17 months and up to this point was very satified with the monitor , however , one day the screen started to flicker and you could n't see the image anymore . I contacted the company and they said that since my one-year warranty was expired all they could do was offer me a refurbished model for $ 104 and then a one year warranty would start all over again . So , in other words , basically buy a used monitor for practically the price of a new monitor . What would the purpose of that be ? I am so frustrated by companies who ca n't stand behind their products . I paid $ 180 for this product and I would definitely expect it to last more than a couple years.I feel bad because I have recommended this monitor to other friends . I will not be purchasing from this company again .
 I have had this item for a year and I loved this item until 2 days ago when the monitor screen started to flicker on and off constantly then turns black . My guess is the monitor has burned out or something . I called the customer service to seek for a solution for this problem . Unfortunately my warranty has expired and the only thing the company will do is send me a refurbished set for $ 104 . I am very upset because for the price that you pay -LRB- $ 179.99 -RRB- , this thing is only working for a year ! It 's never been dropped and is in a perfect condition . I guess you have to replace the whole set once a year . This company is unfair for charging a lot for something that does n't last at least 2 years .
 The hand held monitor stopped working after 15mos . We could get sound but no picture . The company is only willing to replace the entire set -LRB- camera and monitor -RRB- for $ 104 . That is a cheaper price , but I am not sure that I would want to give my money again to a company that puts out a product that only lasts 15mos !
 I bought this baby monitor in preparation for the birth of our first child . We used this monitor and LOVED it from Oct. 2011 until about 2 wks -LRB- May 2012 -RRB- . The monitor display still works ; however , there is NO sound whatsoever ! There was always some interference w / the display and sound , but it was n't that big of a deal . Then one day , I had the monitor sitting beside me and thought I heard the baby crying upstairs . I pushed the button to view the display and she was sobbing , but you could n't hear it on the monitor . We were NOT happy !! We called the company , but they were of no help ! They suggested using compressed air in the volume . Did not help ! We then spoke w / Amazon and found out that we could still return it ! We will be getting a refund and will not be purchasing another one of this brand . We always kept the monitor charged and assumed it would be dependable enough to let us hear our baby crying before she was too upset and it did NOT live up to it 's claims ! I would not recommend this monitor . Besides the product not holding up ... we had the camera mounted on our wall that we now need to take down and fill in the holes . What a pain ! Save your money & time and buy another brand . I 'm glad we 're getting a refund instead of a replacement b/c I would not trust this brand again . As a first time parent I need something I can trust and depend on .
 I would not recommend this monitor . After reading the reviews , we had high hopes . Our first video monitor was a Graco and it did n't last past a year . Graco would n't replace since it was outside of warranty . So this time we went with Summer . First we lost sound - it sounds like there is massive interference . . but still had picture . Today we lost the video feed/picture . I have sent the company an email - hoping they do something to stand behind their product .
 I bought this monitor for my son and his wife just over a year ago and it has already stopped working . A phone call to the company said it was just past the one year warranty so not covered - so we have to figure on buying a new monitor every year ? It certainly wo n't be this one ! Not very happy !
 I bought this 2 years ago before the birth of my son . Now I 'm pregnant and have to replace it -LRB- I will NOT be buying this brand again ! -RRB- The only thing that works now is the video.From day one it was very static which is very annoying when you 're sleeping with the monitor on . Now it does n't even pick up the sound reliably , it 'll only pick up sound half the time and when it is working I have to listen to a ton of static as well . I currently use it only for the video -LRB- ALWAYS keep the sound off -RRB- , I check it to SEE if my son is awake.The battery only lasted about six months , from then on I had to leave it plugged in at all times.This product was a big disappointment for me , if I 'm spending that much on a monitor I 'd expect it to at least last through 2 children !
 We were given this monitor as a gift , and thought it was really great . It had a clear picture and it was nice to see our baby sleeping , especially since we moved her into her own room at 6 weeks . HOWEVER THIS PRODUCT MADE IT HARDER TO SLEEP THAN HAVING THE BABY IN OUR ROOM . It cracks and pops all night long . I tried moving it to different locations in our bedroom , which defeats the purpose of the video and still got all the interference . Our baby has slept through the night since about 4 weeks , but BECAUSE OF THIS MONITOR we have not . One night I gave up and just turned it off , and turned it back on early in the morning . We live in a small , one-story house . I am currently on hold with Summer to complain .
 Once I received the product as new -LRB- first time I was sent a used one even though I paid for new -RRB- , I experienced more issues with it than the used-sold-as-new version . There was a consistent delay of 10 - 20 seconds before the sound kicked in whenever I turned on the monitor . Also , the picture , while on battery mode , cut out way too much -- the monitor was n't even that far away from the camera albeit on a different floor . If I lived in some spacious house instead of a small townhouse , I would n't have thought the problem was with the monitor itself . Sadly , it was . Also , forget about using the monitor without the AC adapter unless you want the annoying headache of listening to static half the time . On the plus side , the picture quality was pretty good , even in the dark . And , when the sound was available , I could hear every utterance from my twins . Still , those two things were not enough for me to keep this model .
 I would not recommend anyone wasting their money on this product . The concept is great -LRB- including video -RRB- and the picture quality is great however there is continuous interference because this product uses 900 MHz analog technology . We have tried moving it to all areas of the house and its just too sensitive which produces static all the time . It has even picked up other baby houses that have the same monitor and it picks up phone calls from other homes as well .
 We love that we can see our baby sleeping ... works great day and night but ... . all we get for sound is a high pitched screech . no matter where we are in the house or what frequency we have it on ... so we are stuck using one for sound and one for video ...
 This has been the most useful of all our baby `` gear '' -- such a wonderful gadget to have in the home BUT ! Recently the video display stopped working , so now we just have audio . AND , I purchased it less that a year ago . Thumbs down !!
 I , like another reviewer , hate this thing ! It 's all static , all the time . I can not get a clear picture or clear sound unless i am right outside the baby 's room . Our house is not very large , only 1600 square feet so we are never very far away but this product does n't work even two rooms away . The lights ARE too bright , like others have stated , but that is fixable with some tape . The real issue is the fact that it does not function for what it 's made for . The video is better than the audio but i have to hold the handset up and move my arm all around until i can get a clear picture . SO annoying . I am going to set up a webcam and use the app on my iphone to view it . That will also take care of the security issue of it only having two channels so anyone nearby with a handset can watch and listen to everything in your house . Oh yes , that 's the one positive thing . When i am able to get clear sound it is so sensitive that i can turn the volumne all the way up and hear my baby breathe which is handy on those occasions when she naps extra long and i have the urge to make sure she is still breathing . That random ability does not redeem the bad qualities at all though .
 Used this monitor for about six months and it already has lost the sound sometimes . At times it is very loud and others it just quits working . Defeats the purpose of using a monitor if you ca n't hear . Very disappointed I spent so much for good use for about 6 months . Wish I got something cheaper that actually worked .
 Have been through 2 of these monitors now . The first one worked well for 9 months and then just quit . -LRB- Note
 I had a simple audio monitor with my first child and I had no problems with the unit . I bought two Summer Infant Video Units for my twins and both broke . The screen on one unit cracked , the end of the plug fell off of the other and one machince just stopped working after 5 months . I sent both back to Amazon , 3 months ago , and I have not recieved a refund . I would NOT buy this brand and I would n't buy a monitor from Amazon .
 This monitor worked good for the first couple of months or so . After that , every time we turn it on , we have to adjust the volume just right or it wo n't pick up a sound , or only picks up static . I really wish I would have bought a different brand , maybe one that just has sound and then the company only has one thing to focus on and can get it right . Then , when it is unplugged , the picture only stays on for a minute and then turns off . You have to keep hitting the button on the top to see the picture . Well , the reason I bought the one that has a picture is because I want to see a picture ... Very disappointing . It has one job ta simple task to perform ... sound and picture and does not do either one adequately enough for the money I spent . What a disappointment !
 I am so frustrated with this monitor right now ! I bought it last year while I was pregnant thinking it would be a great thing to be able to hear and see my baby . I started using it shortly after my baby was born in January and it worked great ! Just a little bit of static every now and then , but otherwise I loved the thing . Just eight months later , it has started getting tons of static and sometimes wakes me up at night . The sound randomly cuts out sometimes too - not something you want a baby monitor to do . I ca n't turn the volume up and down without getting tons of static either . I ca n't believe this thing wo n't even last a year . Now I am on the hunt for another monitor , but it wo n't be made by this brand . If you want a monitor that will last longer than a few months , I would steer clear of this one !
 I returned this monitor after trying for several days to get it to work effectively . I had a great deal of difficulty getting a clear signal that was free from static and interference . The monitor was unusable for me , so I returned it and purchased a monitor that uses a digital signal instead .
 Moral of the story
 The adaptor for the camera broken just in 1 week of use . Product itself works very good , but i have to pay extra just to get the adaptor fixed .
 After having used this product for 17 months , I am disappointed . The camera area now gets extremely hot when turned on , and we have audio but not any video despite troubleshooting . Summer 's customer/tech support is not helpful , and we 're past the warranty period , so we 're on our own to buy a new video monitor to monitor our toddler and any future babies . Enjoyed the product while it lasted , but it did n't last long , and we have to shell out more $ $ in the process . Should have bought one that would last .
 We tried to use this in our office put the static was to loud and it did not serve the purpose , we needed it for watching our front door .
 Well it sounds pretty bad , but I purchased this video monitor above others because my two sisters had it so it should have been good.To be honest , I am not impressed . If I happen to forget to plug it in in the morning after I get my baby out of bed , it is useless to me the next night for a few hours ... . The battery life is horrible . By her afternoon nap , I 'm having to plug it in which is n't convenient because of plugs in this house.But that and the fact that when you turn it on , it does n't always kick on ... . we have had to smack the side of the unit to get the sound to start playing ... and sometimes it can take a good 3 minutes!The other thing is that it is n't a clear and consistent picture . . It goes in and out of static ... and I 'm only just across the hall from my baby ... living in a really small house anyway.It 's a good monitor in that I can watch her ... . but I might be able to do that for one that 's half the price with none of the headaches ...
 I have never felt strongly enough about a product ordered on Amazon to actually sit down and write a review - but I want to warn others about this product ! I ordered this monitor because we have a toddler and I wanted to keep an eye on what my toddler was up to in his room when we move him out of the crib and into a bed . I ordered an extra camera because we have a new baby on the way and figured I would end up using it for both children in their respective rooms . It was easy to set up and at first I thought it would work great - but I soon found that the video feed was crystal clear for about 5-10 seconds when I first turned the monitor on ... and then it would go to blackness static and nothing . Turning it off and back on did n't help . Had to wait for at least an hour before turning the monitor back on to sneak a quick 5 second glimpse of my son . I read all the troubleshooting tips , removed the second camera , tried different locations in the house , even tried turning off my wireless router -LRB- although that is not a long term solution as far as I 'm concerned -RRB- to see if that was causing interference . Nothing worked . Not only did the video monitor not work , I got nothing but static for audio ! My old fisher price audio monitor worked way better than this super expensive monitor ! I contacted Summer customer service and never received a response . I have since returned this product and have purchased a MobiCam Digital DL . So far the MobiCam is working perfectly AND it 's CHEAPER !
 I ca n't say it any better than the customer who posted the video `` I hate this bloody thing '' . I do n't quite hate it , but the static makes it unusable for sleeping , and I can only use it as a second unit for moving around the house to keep an eye on the baby when she is napping during the day and I am working around the house .
 I just bought this monitor with the hopes that we would be able to take it with us on vacation -LRB- we 're staying with family -RRB- . How disappointing to see that it does n't work . Not only was the audio poor the video completely does n't work at all . Supposedly customer service is sending me a new one but we 'll see . They say that there are less than 1 % returns on their products but I find that difficult to believe after reading the reviews here .
 WE did not receive our product . Still waiting almost a month after purchase date .
 It was out of order . We ca n`t view anything in video . Neither lisen in phone .
 This video monitor is pretty , light weight , nice big screen . The sound and video are crystal clear when there is not interference which did not happen in our case.I blame our wireless network for this issue , our router is in the basement so is worthless trying to use the receiver in that part of our house.Walking around the house the interference is on and off -LRB- it is really annoying -RRB- and it get worse if we try to use our phone . definitely did not work for us , hope it work for you
 there is actually no need to see your baby in color . The color works only when there is a bright light coming into the window . So save yourself a few dollars and stick with black and white.This unit does not have any security so i usually gets distraction from other units around the area .
 So yea , im STILL waiting to recieve my monitors , i ordered them on feb 21st and they 're still not here . im pretty pissed . i guess i ca n't comment on how they work so good luck .
 I thought I had finally found a reusuable alternative to Drop-ins that did n't have so many parts like the Ventaire bottles . I was wrong , the nipple is much harder than the dropins or ventaire , and the bottle kept creating a vacumm . My daughter would suck , suck , suck , and nothing would come out . We were constantly taking the bottle from her to let air back in to release the vacumm so she could get some more milk . TERRIBLE PRODUCT !!!
 I thought this was an absolute must but quickly realized that it was n't a necessity like I thought . The wipes cool off very quickly after being removed from the warmer not to mention that sometimes it is hard to removed only one wipe at a time . It did n't seem to make too big of a difference to my son if the wipes were warm or cold .
 It dried out my baby wipes so badly I had to pour water into it to keep them moist . After two months , I just quit using it .
 I registered and received this item as a gift and after using it a few times , i was quite disappointed . The wipes up on top almost immediately turned yellow and had dry spots . . you have to continuously add water to maintain them moist , which quite frankly to me , is a pain . They do ` warm ' the wipes up but you have to take them out one by one individualy and use them immediately if not , they will chill , so what is the purpose of it then !
 Do n't but this . Do n't register for this . You do not need a wipes warmer . We tried ours , which was bought as a gift for us , and ended up tossing it . We did n't even bother donating it to Good will because we figured no one in his/her right mind would want the darn thing ! It dries the wipes out , and by the time you get the wipe to baby 's bum , the wipe is no longer warm . I do n't know why they are still making this product . It is completely worthless .
 We used this wipe warmer for about two weeks . This product did keep the wipes warm as stated . Usually the first wipe would be dry at each use and the others were fine . That was to be expected . However , what was not expected was the smell that started about two weeks after use . I walked in the room and something smelled like it was on fire . After searching I found it was coming from the wipe warmer . There was plenty of water in with the wipes but the smell was so strong I was afraid it was going to catch on fire . So we unplugged it and the smell lasted about a week or so . We finally just said `` no way '' it is too risky . I am not sure if it would have actually ever caught on fire but I would rather my little one feel a jolt of cold with a wipe than be caught in a room with a burning wipe warmer . I would not recommend the product .
 I really liked this for the first 3 months , but sometime around the end of month 2 the little rubber `` teeth '' holding the wipes broke off and it 's now only spitting out `` wipes '' and not `` Wet wipes '' . This needs to be addressed quickly . If we wanted dry wipes we 'd just use a paper towel . : -RRB-
 This was something that was more of a pain to load and monitor than it was an asset . I tried to use it but just gave up because it did n't warm the wipes too well , and it just seemed to take up space . I eventually gave it away .
 I do n't have this model with the light , but we have a Dex wipe wamer . I would n't have purchased one but a family member gave it to me . As others have stated , this thing dries out the wipes , so much so that they really are ineffective . I thought it would bring my baby comfort because they would be warm , but instead I need to use a ton of wipes to get her clean . She really does n't seem to mind when I use wipes at room temp . The only way I would recommend this is if you live in a very cold climate and it 's really cold in your house .
 I absolutely hated this product ! My sister-in-law warned me about the `` issues '' with this product but I had read the box which says - No Drying or Browning of the wipes - and felt I should give it a try -LRB- I liked the night light option -RRB- . Well , I found that each time I removed wipes for use , about 3-4 of them were too dry to use and I had to throw them away . I even tried to use the foam insert from the Prince Lionheart warmer but that did n't help either . Finally I tossed the thing and bought another brand warmer and so far so good . The moral of my story - do n't believe the hype -LRB- on the box -RRB- and do n't buy this warmer !
 Shelves are paper thin , they would not hold anything beyond a small 6 oz bottle of shampoo . Support area for the baby is too flimsy , we were afraid to put the baby there . The actual changing pad that comes with it is very thin , less than 0.5 '' thick , but the shape of it does not lend itself well to adding another pad . We returned this changing table . We did not feel it was worth the risk . I am a second-time mom and have a lot of experience with changing tables . It is worth it to spend more and get a quality piece of furniture .
 I bought this table in white for a niece that just had a baby at christmastime and was very upset to hear from her that the item had been shipped without any of the necessary nuts and bolts . I could not believe this had happened as she had pictures of the item when it arrived and it was tightly wrapped by amazon meaning that the product did not have the hardware before it ever shipped . I do not normally write reviews , but I could not let this problem pass by . I would not be as upset if the item was not a baby changing table . Baby furniture is very important and needs to be safe , but how can you be gauranteed of that when the customer does not even receive all the pieces . We have attempted to contact customer service , but actually lost the connection while we were talking . Seemed strange to us , but we will try again . It is sad that nowadays you can not even give a changing table as a gift at christmas without encountering all kinds of problems .
 This is one of the worst flat pack pieces I have seen in a long time.Problems I encountered : ** I had to re-glue some of it back together ** some of the wood is split -LRB- fortunately in less obvious places -RRB- ** some holes had to be redrilled ** unsanded rough edges ** paint is chipped off on some edges and worn off from rubbing during shipping on top and front -LRB- ordered white -RRB- ** almost all of the screw heads are visible after assembly even though they are recessed so plug covers could have been included easily ** the lovely letter stickers that show which piece is which are at the top still seen when done and are on stickers that are hard to remove without leaving marksIf I was n't 10 days from my due date with a toddler running around , I would take it all apart , sand it , rebuild it , and repaint it . I am interested to see how long it lasts .
 If your little one grabs onto the sides of the potty chair like mine does , then this seat cover DOES NOT offer enough protection . Continue searching for the ones that actually drape over the sides of the seat . They are worth the extra money ! I gave these Dora seat covers away to my friends who do n't use any seat covers for their little ones , and they love them . But for me -LRB- ultra cautious about public restrooms -RRB- , they were not good enough . They need to be designed to drape over the chair .
 Well , first of all ... I have used these for years and loved them . . BUT the last order of over 100 of them has been defective!When you pull off the MUCH NEEDED pink sticky cover tabs ... the sticky label ALSO COMES OFF !!! which is quite inconvenient since the topper is very slippery on the bottom . . I am hoping to contact the company directly for this defect ... and it was not just one package . . i tried a topper out of each one that i bought . ALL WERE DEFECTIVE ! great product when they work properly !
 i was very disappointed when this basket arrived all bent out of shape . i tried straightening it out by hanging it with some weight in it , but the sides simply would n't stay up . canopy part velcros onto basket , but it does not stay on well since the curves do n't match up . it is not well made .
 Everything about this basket is cheap :1 -RRB- the sheet and gingham bedding are all polyester2 -RRB- the matress pad in combination with the synthetic bedding made my baby wake up drenched in sweat regardless of how much or little clothing she had on . this happened even when we covered the pad with a cotton sheet .3 -RRB- the basket comes with a warning to `` never carry the basket by the handles when the baby is inside '' - why the heck would anybody want a basket they can not carry safely ?!!! 4 -RRB- on the first wash of the bedding little ribbons came apart and got tangled in the rest of the laundry . In addition , the huge partially paper tag also came apart and I had to remove residue from the laundry bit by bit . When I called the company they graciously replaced the bedding for free as they knew they had a problem . They also suggested to dip the ends of the ribbons in clear nail polish so that they do n't come apart in the laundry . this is unacceptable as a long term solution .5 -RRB- the wicker is extremely scratchy - if you were tempted to leave the baby without the bedding.Despite the company efforts to make good on the product - I would not recommend this for any baby .
 This basket looks so sweet and nice in the picture , but when I pulled it out of the box I could n't believe that the hood was attached with VELCRO !! I was SOOOOOOO disappointed . I ca n't believe it does n't clearly state that in the description and no other reviewer thought to mention it ! The velcro completely ruins what would have been an otherwise perfect basket . So , if you do n't mind cheap , tacky-looking velcro , then this basket is okay -LRB- for the price -RRB- .
 I bought one moses basket , and then had to order another one due to a quality defect , and they both ended up getting returned . On the side of the basket , where the handles are located , the basket was either poorly wrapped or was n't wrapped at all and the sharp basket material stuck out . I was bummed that I had to pay for shipping for both items and then had to return them as well . I really liked the idea of having a removable top piece but I would shop around for other baskets before purchasing this one .
 As soon as i opened the box , I could tell it was badly made and did not fit my need to be sturdy as I wanted to take it along our house .
 I was so excited to get this cute basket . I actually got it for my birthday before my LO was born . I used it once because my daughter loves to be held . When she does need to be put down she prefers something softer and where she can actually look around . This offers no view of anything and it 's very floppy . I envisioned myself carting my baby around with it but definitely not .
 Since it 's so inexpensive , I would recommend it to a friend . However , I would warn them that the liner has this giant stupid tag that you need to remove , but when you try to remove it , it will leave a big tear on the liner .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0003008A4/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI had trouble even giving this a full star . What a piece of garbage ! The hood did not stay in place with the velcro and the bedding looked so dirty . Unfortunately , I now had no time to shop for something else for a shower , so I asked a friend if she could help me . we lined it with a beautiful material and looped bows thru the basket and the hood to keep it in place . It looked fabulous , but cost me another $ 50 , but i would have been much too embarrassed to present the original basket as a gift . look elsewhere if you are looking for a basket .
 I bought this on sale for $ 29.99 after reading reviews stating that it was much nicer than the other brands available that were flimsy and used Velcro on the hoods . I thought this meant that neither were a problem with this particular basket , but boy was I wrong . The mattress was thrown in the basket crooked and by the time I received it the basket was completely misshapen and unstable even for a doll . The hood attached with Velcro and had been pushed flat inside the basket so it would n't even stay on when I attempted to attach it . The entire thing was very cheap and not even worth $ 10 let alone the $ 60 it costs at full price . I 'm sure I just got a bad apple with the misshapen basket , but that still does n't make up for the shoddy construction and cheap materials used .
 I registered for this bassinet and the jolly jumper rocker to go with it . Do n't do it ! The bassinet is not good quality . The wicker is broken in several areas and does not fit in the jolly jumper rocker base well . It fits , but its quite loose and I do n't find it safe at all . OVerall I am pretty disappointed with the basket and rocker base .
 It looks great in the photo - but that does not tell the whole story . It fails to mention that the hood has to be attached when you receive it - and that it is attached with VELCRO . But that is not the biggest problem - the mattress did not fit snuggly in the basket - there was a sizable gap all the way around between the matress and the basket . No sleeping unit is safe for an infant unless the bedding all fits snuggly , the gap made this quite unsafe . I sent it back immediately ! The only reason this has one star is that they would n't give me the choice of NONE
 Got this as a shower gift from my mom . I 'd picked it out based on the info I derived from the internet , and returned it as soon as it came in the mail . Shoddy craftsmanship all around , from the flimsy material the basket itself is made from to the ill-fitting `` fitted '' sheet and the loose material and shoddy sewing on the bumper . In addition , I guess it 's buyer beware for things that are n't spelled out explicitly -- this Moses basket comes with a warning NOT to use the handles or even move the basket while the baby is inside . That 's specifically WHY I wanted a moses basket to begin with -- so that I could carry the basket from room to room without having to wake the baby up . Save yourself the hassle and skip this cheaply made basket . I was wondering why it was priced significantly lower than the other baskets -- now I know .
 I washed the bumper part of the basket by hand in cold water and now it does not fit properly . It is way too small and the walls buckle in ... this could suffocate my baby ... I do not recommend this product at all .
 I had bought this for a friend , when I received it I was extremely disappointed . The construction is poor , the basket is flimsy , it is very cheap looking and feeling . I 'd never trust it to put a baby inside and its not even worth it as a decoration .
 Just saw this in the store , reached for it happily - it 's a nice simple design compared to all the frilly bassinets - and then my smiles ended ... the basket itself is shoddy , not firm , and I would n't trust carrying it around with a load of laundry , never mind my baby ! I saw of the few places the bumper was tied to the basket that one was broken , and I pulled lightly on another tie - poof ! broke off . A newborn would have same strength , and you 'd find the newborn with the bumper pad over him/her . I thought the product was very dangerous , and it made me angry that such poor craftsmanship is being sold for newborns .
 I was disappointed by what I thought was flimsy construction when I received this basket . The bedding did n't fit properly , the sides of the basket were kind of flopping over , the handles hung into the basket and would always be in the way . It just did n't seem sturdy enough . The weaving joined right at the top rim of the basket and looked like it was coming apart . I could n't picture carrying my baby in it . My husband 's first comment when he took it out of the box was , `` Looks like it 's worth about $ 40 . '' I returned the item . I bought a hoohobbers basket and loved it - worth the extra money .
 PROS
 So , I bought this in anticipation that it would actually help me . How come it BROKE after using it for just 3 months ? It was handy to use to attach the diaper bag to the grocery cart and the stroller , but there are similar products in a hardware store that are more durable and cost less ! Oh well , lesson learned .
 This hook was supposed to be amazing . I used it once however and the foam started falling off ! I am returning it . I have friends who love this thing and I was excited about the idea of it . Major fail .
 Purchased the mommy hook with enthusiasm ... . took the kiddos to the mall and the spring mechanism broke on the very first use . I threw it away at the mall and ended up lugging my bags ... . it 's a truly great concept ... just needs to be a tad more durable .
 I bought this product thinking it looked heavy duty , like it would last . I liked the idea of the foam wrapper protecting my purse . Within two weeks of receiving the mommy hook , the spring snapped open and the hook would no longer close . It was n't as though I had put a lot of weight on it - all I had used it for was a small purse -LRB- less than 2 pounds -RRB- . I sent it back to the store and got a replacement . After only two uses , the same thing happened to the mommy hook . We were traveling at the time , and did not want to carry the useless hook around , so we threw it out . We had contacted the store we ordered it from right away after the second one broke , and they directed us to the manufacturer . We contacted the manufacturer immediately , but they have declined to replace the second broken mommy hook . I could understand if the product did not hold up under heavy weight , or over a long period of time , but two hooks breaking in the same manner after only a few light uses means this is a defective product . I have done as my husband suggested originally and gotten a less expensive , but more durable , carabiner from the hardware store , and that is holding up well .
 I love the idea of this product . I purchased one and within just a few days , the spring clip broke . Very cheaply made . I suggest going to home depot as a previous poster stated !
 I thought that this was a great invention . I was travelling with two kids so I wanted to be able to hook things to the stroller . We had carry on bags so I hooked a small kid carry on through the hook and attached it to the stroller . It worked great through the airport but broke after a few days on the trip when I tried to attach to the stroller again . Maybe it could not take the weight of the small carry on .
 I bought this and it worked wonderfully for a while . Until my parents borrowed my stroller . I got the stroller back with the mommy hook broken . They did n't know how they broke it . My friend had one too and her husband somehow broke it . I would not buy this again because it would be a waste of my money . I got cheaper stroller S shaped hooks instead .
 Great product ; very handy ; but for some reason , the particular hook I purchased broke within the first few days of use . I plan on purchasing another hook from Home Depot/Lowe 's - identical size and function , cheaper price .
 I decided to look for a similar product at a hardware store after reading some reviews that stated the spring mechanism was flimsy . I found the exact same product -LRB- and better quality -RRB- for a fraction of the price at the Home Depot . When most sellers are charging about $ 8 for this , it makes better sense to pay $ 2.99 at your local hardware store . The one I bought at Home Depot came with the foam a little more centered , but I was able to move it up around the bend just like the mommy hook . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 We have owned two of these at separate times . Both of them within a few months have broken the spring that snaps the hook closed . It does hold a lot but just does n't hold up to regular use .
 I 'd give this product less then one star if I could . The hook 's spring or whatever makes it snap back together broke the first time I depressed the lever to put it on my stroller . Literally popped off -- never to be seen again . I love the idea of this product , but it might be better to pick something up at REI .
 I bought this hook because I had heard good things about it . I was hoping to use it on our stroller and was disappointed with it . For stroller use it does n't work well hanging things on only one side , especially with air filled tires , the stroller wants to be weighted evenly . It also hangs down low so by the time you hang a bag from it the bag is hitting the tires or you or the ground . I like the idea it just did n't work for me . It is going to be retired soon and I might try leaving it in the car and see if it 's more useful for carrying bags .
 I got two of these at my baby shower . Thougth they were EXACTLY what I needed to make shopping , etc. a little easier . This particular product is garbage . They both broke within a week of first use . The `` arm '' would stay in the open position and the edges of the clip are sharp . I would not recommend this product .
 I got this hook last week and although it is strong metal-wise , the rubber was very cheap and was torn within the first few days I had it . I 'm unhappy with how it looks now .
 One would think for 6 $ a hook like this would be pretty sturdy ? I do n't live in NYC or anything , I only used the hook for maybe one bag at a time and not even everday , nothing too heavy and certainly no more than any mom would have to carry , but after only like three weeks it broke and became useless , it is just cheaply made . I will look for another brand , just a shame because for what it is I feel like the price tag should make it much nicer and when you buy a more expensive stroller -LRB- I use the city mini -RRB- they seem to have a worthless basket underneath and of course come with no accessories so these little things add up . Thought I sould review it so maybe another momma can avoid this one and buy a better brand : -RRB-
 Spring broke on BOTH of my Mommy Hooks after 3 shopping trips . The spring is not weight bearing at all , just used to open and close the hook . Heading to Home Depot to get the boat hooks we 've used on our boat . Priced cheaper with better quality too !
 Spring completely wore out literally after one day of use . I still use it everyday at work but its a pain when the silver piece gets on the wrong side of things and my stuff falls .
 not really worth it ... kind of a waste of mone.y mine broke after 3 months of use in the summer of just regular groceries ...
 I had very high hopes for this product . Read awesome reviews and the hooks looked industrial strength . As a mom of a 6 year old and 9 month old twins , we frequently have a lot of stuff to drag around , so we were on the hunt for something strong . Initially these hooks worked great ... we used them while traveling to hang the car seat bases from the stroller while walking through the airport . They are very strong hooks . We thought , `` No problem for our day-to-day items . '' They held grocery bags , my purse , extra toys - you name it . Then one day I took them out to clip on the stroller for a trip to the park and the spring mechanism broke . The clip would n't stay closed . Maybe just a bum hook , that happens . So we tossed it . About 3 days later the second hook gave . Could n't keep that one closed either . We were very disappointed . Expected much more wear and durability out of the these hooks . : -LRB-
 Not impressed with this hook . It still slide around if you put it at an angle and broke within 4 months . And it was n't even used every day .
 We used this occasionally for less than two months ... and then the spring broke . Fortunately it was in the house so the house keys that were clipped on did not get lost . This is a well conceived device but with a cheaply made spring . Hey Mommy Hook makers ... fix it !!!
 When I saw this product , I was thrilled . I thought it would be perfect to attach to the stroller to carry my purse and shopping bags when I took my little guy to the mall or out to an outlet center . But the first time I used the product with only a small purse and a bag with 3 baby outfits , the spring mechanism broke . The company provided a replacement , and the springmechanism on the replacement replacement broke after about a month . I received a third one as a gift , and that one 's working , several months later ... though I do n't use it often any more .
 Another mediocre quality product marketed toward new moms.I 've been through three Mommy Hooks in three months . All broke with very light use -LRB- ie a bag with a change of clothes for the baby , or a cooler with a bottle and snacks -RRB- . The distributor of Mommy Hooks , Keen , sent replacements for free , but given that they all broke , what 's the point?I finally got smart and purchased a proper Carabineer w / a Carry Handle , which holds up to 150 pounds . The new Carabineer I purchased was less expensive than the Mommy Hook , but a million times better in terms of quality . I 'm not worried about it breaking.Search Amazon for 7-3/4 '' Snap Hook
 I heard wonderful things about the mommy hook so I decided to buy one and it broke after only using it twice . Its not even worth paying to ship it back to buy another one . I can see how useful it could be but I still wont buy it again .
 I was looking for a memory book that was like a three ring binder to add page protectors and photos , etc. . . this book does not have that .
 I was so disappointed in this mobile . My husband put it together and put it up to surprise me and threw away the packaging so we 're stuck with it . This mobile is ridiculously tall and the music is horribly out of tune ! There 's no way I 'd turn this on and hope it would sooth our son.Edited to say
 This is n't review on the product it is a review on how they are listed on this site.When they say colors may vary I did n't think I would be getting pink ones but , I did . Be aware of this before you purchase they can send any colors they want to . The first set I got was 2 blue one green . The second set I got was 1 of each Pink , Purple , and yellow . Think next time I will be buying these from the store instead .
 These come in both boy and girl colors . The picture shows pink , purple , and yellow bottles . I received blue and green bottles . I contacted Amazon who promptly sent me another three sets -LRB- all of the first three sets were wrong -RRB- . In the second shipment they only got one set right . I e-mailed to return these as well . When I sent back the five incorrect sets the company would not refund my money because `` they had already replaced the items '' . Be careful when ordering from this site .
 drop-in liner is a great idea - but it leaks like crazy!Just does n't work for us . It simply leaks , each time we use it . Period . All parts we use are original Playtex brand . we tried several ways of tighten the bottle . It just leaks . After 10 drop-ins we gave up . Maybe I 'm the only one who 's having this problem , I do n't know . Very frustrated . We switched to Dr. Brown , could n't be happier .
 I thought these bottles would be great ... until we brought our son home and went to put two ounces in . Only then did we realize that you ca n't go by the markings on the bottles -LRB- and you ca n't read the markings on the liners either -RRB- because it is so far off . Now I have to measure the formula into the measuring cup first ... as if you need an extra step . Not to mention that if you do n't rinse out the liners , your garbage will smell SO bad.I also agree with the other moms who wrote about the formula running down the sides of his face . I 'm buying the Soothie bottles since he seems to be able to latch onto his soothie pacifier much better and suck on it better ... feeding him with a playtex drop in bottle takes an hour !
 I was disappointed to find that they did not send me the decorated nurser . I got plain nursers in the old fashioned yellow color and just plain clear bottles . Since I have been waiting for them to arrive and therefore have not purchased any from the store I just plan to use them because I have no time to send them back and wait for another set . The box looks like old stock perhaps obsolete . First disappointing purchase from Amazon .
 I ordered this for our upcoming travel so I do n't have to bring my bottle sterilizer with me , I ordered this bottles for my baby boy , and voila !!! they sent me a PINK , YELLOW and VIOLET Bottle Arrghh !!! very disappointing :-LRB- -LRB-
 I Love the origanel nurser so I tried theses new ones because of how cute they are ; How ever the ` cute ' curvy line and pictures around the numbers make it vary hard to accuretly measure the water . Also the new drop in bottle liners have clear numbers and lines . Put the two together and it 's nearly imposible to see to measure the water . Playtex needs to fix one or the other .
 not useful as we want , we hoped it will be more helpful but it was not . The price not as it should be , sorry for this but it is our opinion . .
 These 9 oz bottles come with a slow flow nipples which is n't mentioned anywhere on the product description . Usually all bottles over 5 oz come with fast flow and not slow flow nipples . I had to go out and spend more money to buy fast flow nipples to replace the slow ones that came with these bottles . It was too much of a hassle to ship these back , so over all purchasing this product was a waste of time and money .
 very disappointed with these bottles . The measurements on the bags and on the bottle do NOT match up . We have been giving our daughter wrongly mixed formula , and could n't understand why she was n't finishing her bottles . only just realized how incorrect the bottle measurements are . Also , very difficult to measure how much formula is left , and have had the experience a few times of trying to take out the air , and having the bag collapse . big waste of $ , would NOT recommend these bottles .
 I was not impressesd with these bottles . As a first time Mom , I would see the commercials and ads and they always say `` next to the breast there the best '' so I thought I had to use them . WRONG ! From day one my son did not do well with them.The bottles quickly fill with air when you put it down to burb even with the cap on and laying on its side , you have to squeeze out the air again and when you have a hungry baby who wants to wait ? Even after pushing out the air several times he still would gulp air and having problems burping , he even cried 20 minutes after finishing a bottle . Formula would leak out the sides and drip down under his neck and this was with the slow flow!I even had problems with both the pre formed and regular liners , when I pushed the air out sometimes the liner would collapse and I would hear a pop and the formula would be all over -LRB- I would waste both formula and a liner and would have to make another bottle -RRB- . At first I thought I was pushing to hard , but even when I pushed gently it would happen , but not always but a few times is enough for me . So I went out and bought the vent aire , much better ! Now when I go to feed my son he knows its coming now , he does n't have to wait for mommy to squeeze the air out!I will say the designs are cute !
 I love the Playtex drop-ins system in general . My 2 1/2 month old does very well with these bottles . I had to go back to work full-time at 8 weeks so the convenience of this system is great . I have a Medela Freestyle pump and I bought thePlaytex Nursing Necessities One Step Breast Milk Storage Kitso that I can pump directly into the drop ins . It saves me a lot of bottle washing time . However , my big complaint with this system is the nursers themselves . I 've had to buy 3 different sets because they keep getting warped . First my husband boiled them to sterilize them , not realizing it was just the nipples that were supposed to be boiled before first use . They shrank and warped . Then he put one in the bottle warmer -LRB- against my advice -RRB- and it also warped . I understand that Playtex advises against boiling these bottles , but would it really be such a big deal to manufacture them with plastic that could withstand a little heat ?
 I loved these bottles for the first month I had my daughter . I went and bought about 10 from Babies R Us , and after 2 weeks , 8 of the slow-flow nipples did n't work . They get clogged very easily and forget putting them in the dishwasher - the holes seal shut . I called Playtex about this and they agreed to send me 6 new nipples if I sent them back 8 -LRB- ? -RRB- . Now I will have 8 bottles with 6 nipples , which will probably just end up clogging again . The drop-in liner idea is great and does reduce air bubbles , but I ca n't afford to pay for new nipples every 2 weeks .
 I really do not care for these bottles . When pushing the air out of the bag , you must do it straight for the liner can come off the bottle , spilling milk everywhere . In my case , it was prune juice and the baby 's medicine . I have been much happier with Dr. Browns .
 I order Playtex BPA FREE Drop in PREMIUM DECORATED Nurse 4 oz 3 pack . -LRB- Must have cartoon on bottle -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- I received Playtex 3 Pack Baby Drop-Ins Nurser 4 oz . -LRB- There no cartoon decoration as i order and it got a white colour only ! -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- The photo on your web also PREMIUM DECORATED!You lie !!!!!! I got a Drop in PREMIUM DECORATED Nurse ring and cap that ca n't use with it!It wrap and sols by amazon.comBAD !!!!!
 My son is ten days old . I tried these bottles and was highly disappointed . The liners are a pain in the butt . Once you prepare the bottle and get the air out of it , if your child does not drink the whole bottle it collects air again . I changed to Dr. Brown 's bottles and my son is having less gas and is n't wearing his food .
 On the 2nd day of use while trying to squeeze the excess air out of the drop in bag the bag edge pulled free of the bottle spilling 3.5 oz of precious pimped breast milk all over me , the baby , the pillow she was on , the bed , bed skirt , the nightstand and the floor ! This is an incredibly flawed system . If you try to squeeze the excess air out of the drop in bag your chance of either pulling the bag free or putting a whole in it is large . Plus the hole at the bottom to teach said bag is way to small for the average adult hand and has a sharp bottom edge to boot . Finally as the baby finishes the bottle the bag collapses into the nipple making it nearly impossible for her to truly finish whatever milk is at the bottom . And ! If she breaks suction air gets in anyway ! Steer clear of the for your own sanity .
 Very very cute bottle but it has a huge flaw . I was instructed by my pediatrician to boil all nursing items for 20 minutes due to my daughter having recurring Thrush . I put this nurser in with other bottles my daughter had used that day because she touched the bottle repeatedly during feedings after having her hands in Thrush infested mouth . This nurser shrunk like a shrinky-dink ! It shrunk to about 1/4 of it normal size . Strangest thing I have ever seen . Do not use/purchase this nurser/bottle if you boil your bottles to sterilize them due to you or your child being sick .
 I ordered Playtex Regular 8oz three pack , wherein it states that the colors are blue -LRB- or more for boys -RRB- . However , when I received them , they were in yellow , PINK -LRB- !!! -RRB- and violet , colors not meant for my son . Now , instead of being able to save money , I have to buy blue liners so that my son can use it . Realized that when you do order , you have to be careful and do n't just order because they are cheap . You have to be sure of the colors they will ship to you if you 're particular about this .
 I had no idea what I was getting when I purchased this item . Yes , they are `` cute '' , but they are made out of a very cheap , rigid plastic . This is not like the traditional Playtex nurser and will , literally , crack under pressure . What 's more , this bottle was completely melted when I used it in my steamer bottle warmer . I do also have the traditional plastic nursers and have used them happily -LRB- with and without the bottle warmer -RRB- , with great success.Do not get suckered in by the flashy packaging . Spend the extra couple of dollars and buy the tried-and-true original design.Playtex Baby Drop-Ins Original Nurser 8-10 OZ
 pros - easy to clean - works like a straw as you only have to suck to get the air out and as soon as the air comes out the milk comes up so the bottle works at every angleCONS - The liners break when you try to `` burp '' them to get all the air out ... would rather take the time to burp baby then the bottle . - measurements are WAY off -LRB- 8 oz bottles will NOT hold 8 oz -RRB- - extremely hard to read the off measurements when baby has drank a couple ounces . i would ahve to pour the leftover formula into a regular bottle to see how much he ate which was bad when i thought he wasnt eating enough . - my kids had more gas with these . - leak all over everything if baby tips the bottle over on its side if he tips it upside down FORGET ANY CHANCE THAT IT MIGHT NOT LEAK
 I love these bottles for my son , i usually just buy them in the store , but since they were less then they are in the store , i figured why not . But when I ordered them , I was under the impression that they were going to be the bottles in the picture , since there is no option to choose which bottles you would like to order . I received designed bottles for girls , when i emailed the seller she refused to refund all of my money and told me simply to `` give them to a friend '' or to ship them back and I would be refunded half my money , which is completely pointless since the cost of shipping would probably be the same as not sending them back at all . Not worth ordering these bottles & it was a waste of my money . DO NOT order bottles from this sender . Colors really do vary , since I got pink and purple butterfly bottles for my son . The bottles are great but do n't waste your money and just buy them from the store .
 Bottles were so cute that I really wanted to love them , especially being BPA free . Unfortunately inconvenient when they ca n't take a good boiling or steam cleaning ... Measurements on side are n't accurate , but I was n't too put off by it , since these were meant for supplementing breast feeding & I 'm not too structured.This makes baby work way too hard-I actually considered widening the whole . I even tried sucking on it myself to get a better idea of the issue-Wow ! The strain actually hurt my mouth . It was tough just to get a bit of liquid -LRB- and it only worked for us on an incline-I did not want to encounter broken bag trying to push drink through.Sadly , too much air injested = fussy baby and frustrated mom .
 This newer , cutesy version of the Playtex Nurser has a major design flaw - the ounce markings on the side of the rigid plastic shell holder are not horizontal LINES , which you expect for an accurate measure . Rather , the ounce gradations are marked by adorable but basically useless rounded leaves , bubbles , raindrops , etc. . Where does the ounce mark truly begin ? At the top of the icon ? Bottom ? Smack dab in the middle ?? -LRB- Try eyeballing THAT at 3 AM ! -RRB- Because baby is on a strictly liquid diet for at least the first 4 - 6 months , being able to obtain correct & exact measurements at feeding time is VERY important.I 'm sticking with the less attractive but much more practical ORIGINAL Playtex Nurser . They are hard to find but worth it ! They are also made of a much sturdier plastic than these flimsy bottles . My baby seems to be doing just fine with them and they 're working well for us , though I 'll probably switch to a non-liner bottle system once he passes the 3-month mark .
 I was really hoping that these bottles would help my baby take in less air , like they advertised , but never really got around to figuring out whether or not they would have because she flat-out refused the nipple . I realize that babies have varying nipple preferences , but aside from these bottles , my little one will suck on anything you throw at her -LRB- and a lot of things you do n't -RRB- . But these nipples are long and hard and kept slipping out of her little mouth ... frustrating for everybody . I 'm sure the drop-ins are convenient , and it would be lovely to have her spitting up a little less , but unfortunately these are not the bottles for us . -LRB- Avent 's nipples are much more like the real thing ... baby loves them -RRB- .
 I received bottles dated 2002 when I purchased this product . After contacting Playtex , they confirmed that all bottles prior to 2008 were made with BPAs . I threw away the bottles and contacted the seller . They claim that they are discontinuing the sale of the bottles . Here is their exact response
 I was using Life Factory bottles but I needed a bigger bottle while on a trip . I purchased this bottle . The first time I used it I thought that it seemed like the ounce lines where off . When I got home I got out a measuring cup and the liners for this bottle are off by a little over a 1/4 of an ounce per ounce . This does n't seem like a lot until you think about the fact that for an 8 ounce bottle you are only putting in enough water for roughy 5 ounces .
 Yuck !! This product is offgassing harmful vapors and no child should be exposed to this . I am extremely disappointed and returning this item . It looks and feels like something from the dollar store . Charging 16 bucks for this toxic glue covered rag is outrageous .
 I bought this to protect the soft leather in the Acura TL I bought my wife.The Material they use on the seat facing side came off on the leather.Trying to clean it caused damaged to the leather.Could be due to high temperatures in California.I would think the problem is less of an issue with thicker leather seats like the ones BMW uses but back seat of my Acura TL is now in need of serious attention due to use of this product .
 This says right on the box that it is made for smaller cars and it was a bit too small to provide the proper coverage for our seats . If you do n't have a small car I 'd reccommend another choice . We sent them back .
 I bought this to protect the leather seats in a 2011 Prius . We rotate two car seats - a Graco Nautilus , and a Britax Marathon , both of which are an inch wider than than the footprint of the Prince Lionheart Seatsaver . It therefore does n't prevent the car seat base from digging in . The top portion does a decent job of protecting the lumbar of the leather seat .
 The price was right on for this product but that 's about where my satisfaction ends . I have an Evenflo convertible carseat which I am still using rear facing for my 19 month old . I did not get the seatsaver version with the taller part on the back because I already had a kick pad for my son to protect the seat back . I have a newer model Honda Civic and this seatsaver does not fit well from front to back , the pockets are way up on the seat and unusable for storage . The carseat also slides around on the hard plastic top of the saver . The saver does NOT move around on the seat and it is easy to get to the LATCH system since the notches are large which is nice . Wish this product was larger overall and had the no-slip grip on both sides . So no I would not recommend it for a convertible carseat in an '09 Honda Civic . I have not tried it with my carseat forward facing so I can not review for that function .
 My husband and I bought this for our baby girls room since it matched her decor and we needed a hamper . When we got it we noticed that we had to re-sew on the velcro that holds the washable cloth on the frame . The cloth is too small for the frame and it easily folds back together .
 We have had another hamper like this for 6 years -LRB- different brand ? -RRB- and it has held up beautifully but this one broke within the first few weeks - the wooden rods in the frame are cheap and break easily . We still use it and it 's cute , but if you want a sturdy hamper , do n't choose this one .
 It broke within 2 weeks . The wood frames are really weak and frail . It did not take much -LRB- baby clothes -RRB- to brake one of the parts of the frame and the whole thing fell apart .
 Wobbly and easily broken . We 've had to glue/tape the legs back together more than once . It 's cute but wo n't last long .
 I would NOT recommend this product - it 's a piece of fabric with short ties which you attach to the stroller - just flops down over the kids faces - useless !
 A family that belongs to our Temple tragicaly lost their toddler in December of 2008 when he became entangled in this netting . It was used on the pack n play in which he was sleeping ... he stood up , became caught and was strangled . This is not the only case
 It worked really good for about 3 months , then it would get a really bad reception , now we are loosing reception completly . I will wake up in the middle of the night & the monitor would be shut of -LRB- basically -RRB- the turn on again . Not a safety feature I like when it comes to one of my children . Do NOT buy , invest a little more money to get a better product .
 We 're coming up on my son 's 2nd birthday and the second receiver for this thing is about to die . The first died around his first birthday . I would have liked to use this monitor for a second kid , but it was just not made to last that long . It seems that the receivers are prone to shorts - we were not that rough on them as they stay in one place most of the time . I was disappointed with this product 's useful lifespan .
 This was our first baby monitor , so if I did n't have to replace it when it stopped working after six weeks , I never would have known that there are better ones for the same price or less.Compared to the Sony we 're now using , this unit had much more interference , much poorer sound and shorter battery life . Never mind that this unit just flat-out stopped working after six weeks.Check consumer report 's website .
 This is the first monitor I 've ever used , so I really did n't know what to expect ... I did expect , however , that the monitor would pick up my baby 's sounds throughout my not very big house -LRB- about 1500 sq ft -RRB- . It does n't . If I 'm `` too close '' to the receiver -LRB- within 15 feet -RRB- , the feedback that comes through the monitor is unbearable -LRB- a loud screeching sound -RRB- and the monitor is , as a result , useless . Worse than that , I ca n't get more than 25 feet away from the receiver or the reception goes out entirely . Even when the monitor is producing a useable signal , it 's accompanied by a ton of static . I think I 'm going to try a different brand ...
 After following all the instructions , the receiver did n't work for a single minute !! It was a waste of money !
 I purchased this monitor as an upgrade to the one I 've been using for the past year . After doing all the requisite research , it seemed like the right product . After opening it , I read the directions before even turning it on -LRB- I almost always read the manuals -RRB- . Per the directions , which state that the receiver should be charged for 10-12 hours before first use , I charged it for 11 hours . I set it up , tested it out , and it seemed fine . It worked for approximately 5 minutes before the receiver went blank . Nothing I did could bring it back to life . So I figured maybe this was just a dud and I exchanged it for a replacement -LRB- thanks to Amazon 's easy-to-use return system -RRB- . The second one arrived , I did everything the same except I only charged the receiver for around 10 hours , just to be safe . Set it up and tested it , no problems . It worked fine for the first nap . Fifteen or so minutes into the second nap the receiver started giving the `` no reception '' alert . No idea why . After the nap I went into the nursery and saw that the receiver was no longer showing any channel . Attempts to turn it on and off , change the channel , etc. did nothing.I do n't think I 've ever had this kind of problem before , where the same product failed twice , in two different ways , within hours of the first use . This product is obviously not reliable and I would hesitate to buy any Fisher-Price monitor now . Luckily I still had my old monitor or else I would have been spending my days and nights sitting outside the nursery door !
 We 've gone through two of these thinking the first was just a fluke . We 've ended up buying another one from a different manufacturer . The first one had problems with the reciever . The second one would not turn on well . I would flip the switch several times before it would turn on . Then it started losing signal when we were 20 feet away . It would be fine one second and then beeping the next that it had lost reception . Now it wo n't even turn on . When I 've called customer service they said they would send us a voucher for a new one but we 've never recieved a thing from them . And that was after trying to hard to get in touch with them . My husband and I are very displeased .
 I 've only had it 4 months and one receiver does n't turn on and the other one turns on only after several attempts . Reception is good though . Get a clock that goes tick-tock and put in the baby 's room -LRB- so you know it 's working -RRB- for extra peace of mind .
 After my Sony monitor suddenly stopped working after a year and a half I decided to try my luck with the Fisher Price . Bad decision ... this monitor barely lasted a month before it suddenly stopped working . When it did work it was OK , but the sound quality was not as good as the Sony .
 I bought this car seat for my 4 year old son . He meets height/weight requirements for the seat . However , the seat slides around with him in it . I do NOT feel it 's safe for him at this time . I just took it out of my car and re-installed his 5 point harness seat . He hates the old seat and is not happy , but I 'd rather him be mad at me but safe ! The booster is easy to use , using only the lap belt , but I feel I have sacrificed safety for ease of use . I reccomend keeping your child in their 5 point harness seat for as long as it is safe for them .
 The seat belt lays too close to the neck . A safe booster seat should be set up in a way that the seat belt goes over the shoulder . I tried adjusting the headrest to see if the position of the belt would get better but it did n't .
 I purchased this item so my daughter would have a car seat when we flew home to visit my folks . Amazon delevired , it was there when I needed it , no problem . However as for the seat itself , the design and shape is crappy . When the child falls asleep in the seat it is not designed to properly support them , also the way that the seat belt goes through this particular seat is badly planned and I belive it hurts the childs back during a drive of longer than say 20 minutes . The seat is rather inexpensive but even free it would not have been worth the price . I suggest that you find a different seat with a better support design than what is offered here .
 THE PICTURES AND MODEL LET ME ASSUME ITS LIME GREEN BUT THE COMPLEMENT SAYS RED AND BLACK ... PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW !
 In my first pregnancy , I used the cocoa butter stick from The Body Shop - loved it ! Unfortunately , they are out of stock , so this time around I bought the Bella B Tummy Honey Stick . HATE IT ! It is very sticky and gritty , not smooth at all . I 'm going back to creams/lotions until the cocoa butter stick from The Body Shop is back .
 The Bella B Tummy Honey stick arrived at my house via UPS and sat in the hot sun until I got home . Once I opened it , it was all hot and sticky from being outside all day . I put it in the frigde and let it cool over night . The next day I used it and it was still sticky and grainy agaist my skin . Needless to say I have n't used it since .
 I purchased this product from a local store during my first pregnancy and loved it . It went on silky smooth , smelled good , stopped the itching . Sadly the local store no longer carries it , so I bought it from BeautyCost.I bought two , opened the first and it felt like they 'd poured sand into the mix . The second was okay -- not great . I called BeautyCost and they said that I could n't return it since I 'd opened it . -LRB- How was I to know that the product was defective or old without opening it ?? -RRB- Then the person on the line said , oh yeah , because of the natural ingredients , that product gets gritty . Yeah ... Not buying the product again , not buying anything from them again .
 I have ordered the 4 oz . tub of Bella B 's Honey Butter and liked it , thus far . I am only 15 weeks along in my pregnancy though , so I am still not sure on if it is effective on fighting stretch marks.However , this stick , which I thought would save me time -LRB- since I would n't have to wash my hands -RRB- , is NOT the answer.THE WORST PART
 I bought two because it was BOGO at the time . As another reviewer said , they arrived wrapped in plastic , but they were still greasy on the outside . It was pretty greasy to use too . My main problem with this product is that , while it says `` anti-itch formula , '' it actually made my skin itchy with small red dots that had n't happened before using this product . So , I stopped using it after a few days . The only thing I liked about it was that it smells nice . It was definitely not as good as it is advertised to be .
 I bought these bottles for my newborn . They worked out perfect at first . As he became bigger and needed larger amounts of formula at a time these bottles became a problem . They are advertised to hold 8oz . however that is only if you use liquid and still then you must fill them to the rim . This bottle does not hold 8oz . of the powder formula unless you pre-mix them which does not work for everyone . I have since bought Avent bottles and LOVE them .
 At first I really liked these , until I realized that my baby just used about 100 liners in about 1 week . It 's not easy to squeeze the air out . Since I keep track of how much our baby eats , how can I do that when the liner is all scrunched up ! Not worth the money on the liners and there is plenty of air that gets into the liner even if once in a while you do manage to get the air out . I 'm sorry I ever bought them .
 Our son is now 3 months old . We have used these bottles since he came home from the hospital . The other day he started whaling while I was feeding him . He had touched the bottom of the bottle and cut his finger . The bottle had several cracks in it on the bottom rim . When I looked at the others they all had at least one crack . We think this came from the bottle warmer even though we used the disposable bottle insert . He is a very gassy baby and these worked well for him . We tried the vent-aires for 2 days and had nothing but tears , screams and spitting up . We are now going to try the Avents .
 This bottle is supposed to cut down on gas ? I DO N'T THINK SO ! My 4 month old son has had such trouble with gas since I quit breastfeeding . We even changed his formula to soy thinking that would help . Needless to say , IT DID NOT ! My opinion on these bottles is , the actual nipple is not long enough , all other bottles have a longer nipple which ends up further in the back of babies mouth -LRB- which is more similar to breastfeeding -RRB- . This is what prevents gas , not a plastic liner ! Also , the nipple options you have are either SLOW flow or FAST flow , which either way is too slow or way too fast ! The drop ins and liners are expensive and a BIG waste of money because they make no difference . I decided to try Dr. Browns bottles and they are a heaven sent ! What a smart buy . Sure they are a little harder to clean but now my baby is much happier and healthier ! Now I have 20 bottles to get rid of , and as bad as they are , I hate to sell them to someone else ! I only wish I was smart enough to figure this out sooner ! I hope this helps some new Mom 's out there make the right decision on bottlefeeding !
 I wish someone could tell me how they have no problem mixing 8 oz of formula in these bottles ? Each liner holds exactly 8 ounces of formula . When I 'm on-the-go with my son , I fill the liner with the required amount of water -LRB- 6 ounces is what he eats now -RRB- , then when he 's ready to eat , I pour in 3 scoops of powdered formula , which fills the liner to the top . So how in the world are these 8 ounce bottles ?? I could see if you premix the formula in a pitcher or use concentrated formula , but you can not make an 8 ounce bottle with powered formula . Even if you carry an extra container with you with 8 oz of water in it , then mix in the 4 scoops of formula , it will not fit in the bottle after it 's mixed . I wish I would have thought of this before I bought 10 of these at $ 4 each . When my son starts eating more 0unces I will have to get new bottles !!!!
 While washing the nurser , I cut my forefinger -LRB- like an annoying paper cut -RRB- on bottom edge of the bottle . I am glad I realized it has a rough edge before my 6 month old cut her fingers !
 We bought the starter set . While the product is OK , three of the nipples where not pierced and no milk was flowing . The baby was crying and crying but not drinking . As new parents , we had time to worry before we realized what was happening . I tried to call customer service to ask for a replacement but they do n't operate on week-ends so I never called . Anyway if this the level of quality control to be expect at Playtex , I would rather not entrust my baby to their products . We switched to Dr. Brown products and are quite happy .
 I thought I `` had to have '' the bottles that had the slider on the side to slide the bag up and air out . . well . . those sliders do n't slide the bag evenly , they actually get stuck and are totally useless . More importantly - the tops of the bottles shread and break off leaving little pieces of sharp hard plastic on the top of the bottle . It almost looks and feels like glass - very dangerous ! -LRB- happened on 6 out of 8 bottles that I have -RRB- However , I also use other playtex drop-in bottles -LRB- the old fashion looking ones -RRB- the plasctic is NOT like glass and they are wonderful ! Go with what is safe and what works rather than appearance , I did n't at first and regret it : -RRB-
 MY SON HAS USED THE PLAYTEX NURSERS SINCE HE WAS BORN . WE RECEIVED TWO GIFT-SETS AT OUR SHOWER , BOTH OF WHICH THE PAINT CHIPPED OFF OF WITHIN A FEW MONTHS , LEAVING US TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH TRYING TO FIGURE OUT THE LIQUID MARKINGS ON THE DROP-INS . NOT ONLY ARE THE DROP-IN LINERS INSANELY EXPENSIVE , WE HAVE ALSO HAD TO ENDURE THE COST OF PURCHASING MULTIPLE REPLACEMENT SETS . WE HAVE HAD BETTER LUCK WOTH THE DECORATED NURSERS , AS THESES BOTTLES ARE MORE OF AN ACRYLIC MATERIAL THAN SOFT PLASTIC . HOWEVER , THE DECORATED NURSER IS MORE EXPENSIVE THAN THE PLAIN DROP-IN BOTTLES . MY SON HAD A TERRIBLE TIME WITH GAS AND DIGESTIVE ISSUES THROUGH-OUT THE FIRST FEW MONTHS OF HIS LIFE , AND WOULD NOT ADAPT TO ANY OTHER BOTTLE , UNFORTUNITLY . UNLESS I HAD NO OTHER CHOICE , I WOULD NEVER CHOOSE THIS LINE OF BOTTLES AGIAN .
 When my son started to drink 8 oz of formula I found that I could not mix 8 oz of water with the powdered formula directly in the bottle . There is not enough room to add the formula . I had to mix in a separate container and then add it and even then it still did n't fit . When I burped him the first time I would add the rest of the formula to the bottle . I am now switching to a regular bottle - I noticed all the regular bottles are 9 oz which leaves plenty of room for both 8 oz of water and powdered formula . And , on top of that , I 'm glad I do n't have to spend the $ 16 a month on the liners . Yes , I have to clean the bottles now , but I always had to clean them anyway .
 my daughter and i love this system . she had problems latching on from the beginning so we bought these bottle becasue my mother-in-law used the originals with my husband and she said it greatly reducd his colic when he was a baby . the unformed liners collapse better than the preformed after the air is removed . i dont care for the ones with the slider thingy ... i cant get it to work . i only have one MAJOR problem with this system ... . i have a total of 15 of these nurser bottle and have been using them for 2 1/2 months and now the nipples clog up after 1 ounce ... -LRB- turn the bottle upside down and nothing comes out -RRB- i have to switch the nipples out after each ounce which is frusterating for not only me but also my hungry baby . i really dont feel like purchasing 15 new nipples every 2 1/2 months until we switch to sippy cups ... . im switching bottle and sending these back to playtex
 I thought and was told by all my friends to use the playtex bottles due to the fact that they are easy because of the liners . I found it to be just as much a hassel with the liners I still had to put the bottle in the dishwasher because when I would take the liner out the milk would still drip on bottle . My son hated the nipples -LRB- every baby is diffrent -RRB- I wish I would have jsut went with the good ol' fashion Gerber ones from the start . They did just fine , cheap and my son never really had problem with gas pain . Do n't go crazy buying them if you have never used them before . buy this set to see if you like them before you register for a mess of them like i did . I ended up selling them on ebay .
 These bottles are great as far as not having to clean them all the time because of the liners , but that is about the only pro I found . When you are trying to squeeze the air out -LRB- which takes what seems like forever when you have a screaming baby anyway -RRB- , sometimes they bust and you have to start all over ... not to mention a waste of expensive formula or breastmilk . Second , once your baby is down to a couple of ounces left in the bottle , it is impossible to reach your fingers up in there to get any air out . Third , there is no way to heat these bottles in the car . I have a Munchkin car bottle warmer but it does n't work on these bottles because of the liners . The milk does not actually touch the bottle so there is no way to heat it . Not very convenient for long or short road trips . I switched to AVENT and my baby is like a different baby . I did n't realize that he was unhappy with these bottles until I changed , but I see a big difference now .
 These bottles are terrible !!! If you do not get every kink out of the regular liner it will leak around the rim - sometimes difficult to do when you have a hungry baby . The drop-in 's work better for leaks but I hate them for a couple other reasons . The first thing is they are much more expensive than the regular liners , the second thing is that if you try to `` burp '' them more than once the ring at the top comes away from the bottle spilling milk everywhere -LRB- any one who has ever pumped milk can imagine how upsetting that it is -RRB- . Also these bottles do not hold what they say they do . The four ounce bottles with regular liner will not hold more than about 3oz when you pull them down to where they say you should , the drop-ins hold a half ounce less than they say they do . My baby liked the nipple on these and I think it is much more natural than the other smaller nipples the other companies offer . I ended up switching to the ventair natural shape they have their own problems but these nipples are interchangeable with theirs . Oh , I just thought of one more thing - why would they sell their 8oz bottles with a slow flow nipple ??? That is ridiculous that you have to pay extra money for additional nipples , the ventair come with fast flow on the 9oz .
 My son was only a week or two early and the only noticable difference was a weak suck . For the first few weeks I had to pump and then give Max a bottle until he could learn how it all worked . I bought these bottles as a cheaper alternative to the Avent bottles recomended by my lactation consultant . Trying to push and keep the air out is rediculous . You spend too much time doing this and your child will be hysterical . He still is unable to completely drain the bottle and his suck is back on track according to the pediatrician . If you are feeding your child breast milk ... aka liquid gold ... you do n't want to waste one drop . My son did not like the nipples at all ... they are suppose to be designed to be the most like breast ... I 've checked with friends and we know no one with nipples like these . We finally bought Avent bottles and he loves them and had no confussion from breast to bottle and back again . It 's worth the extra buck or two for the better bottles .
 Playtex claims that the large bottles hold eight ounces , but this is only true if you fill the bottle up to the very , very top ... and even then , you are n't able to get a full 8 ounces of formula in . There is definitely no way to mix 8 ounces of water with 4 scoops of formula on the go in these bottles . Which means for a mom on the go , she would have to carry an extra container around to mix the formula in . Then she would have to pour it into the bottle.The liners are another problem . You may feel that your baby has taken the full bottle only to find that when you take the nipple and ring off that there is anywhere from half an ounce to a full ounce still left in the liner . This is because as the baby eats , the liner collapses creating pockets that hold liquid.Not to mention that you have to `` push '' all the air out of the bottles . Which can prove to be VERY difficult if your hands do n't fit inside the bottle like my husbands.There is also a problem with heating the bottles . You ca n't heat the formula directly in the Playtex bottles because of the liners . Which means you have to pour the formula into another container to heat and then transfer the formula back to the bottle . Just added steps that are very frustrating when you 're in a hurry to get a bottle to your baby.My daughter also constantly spit up because of these bottles . I have recently switched to Avent bottles and have NO problems with spitting up . I could kick myself for spending 20 bucks a month on liners instead of just buying new bottles a long time ago.I would NOT recommend these bottles to anyone .
 First off , the person who wrote about her ingenious husband who invented the trick of squeezing the air out before screwing the top on ? Yeah , I 'd call him creative , but not the one who ` invented ' that trick . I had to giggle to myself and then post this publicly ... myself and my whole group of friends used that trick . Secondly , the liners are too expensive , and third , how in the world do you mix formula in these things ? They worked great for breastmilk , but the hassle of having to mix formula in a seperate container and then pour it into the liners was just too much for me at 3 am with a screaming kid . Even waiting to warm it up under hot running water took too long . Give me the regular bottles any day.PS - bisphenol-A ... what about high fructose corn syrup , cargeenan -LRB- which is the sludge that comes from soybean processing and is put in nearly every food on the market as a preservative -RRB- and even - gasp - the probability that your kid might someday eat a bug that has eaten off a chemically-treated cornfield ! I 'm all for protecting your kids but you ca n't save them from everything and there are much more harmful substances out there .
 I know that Playtex Nursers have been around for ages , and my mother told me that she used Playtex with me when I was a baby , so I decided that that was the bottle I was going to use for my first baby girl . Big mistake ! It took me five months to realize that I was going out of my way for nothing ! 1st problem
 I started out using these bottles , and had problems when my son would suck for an hour on the slow flow nipple . We went to buy medium flow nipples , and Playtex 's medium flow nipples are the wrong shape/texture ! For some reason , Playtex does n't make medium flow nipples in the same shape as their silicone . My son was gulping air , which caused excessive gas/spitting up . He could n't figure out the new nipple . I did like the drop-in liners , but when I ran out of the ones I received at my shower , I found them to be too expensive . It 's twice as much for the drop-in kind than the regular flat ones . And the flat ones are impossible to put in the bottle while holding baby . I also found them to occasionally `` split '' when attaching , also hard to figure out how much to fill . Do you follow the ounces on bottle or liner ?? So in the end , mostly because of nipple issues , I switched to Avent and have n't had any problems .
 I bought these bottles because of convinence . My friend had told me how she loved these kind of bottles . At first they were okay , but I have had trouble with the drop in liners coming loose while feeding my daughter , getting her soaked in formula . Also they are hard to measure because the liner draws in as they suck and if you burp the bottle you can not tell without having to open and shake the bottle around . The liners gets rather expensive , it would be worth the money if they were n't so aggravating .
 After breastfeeding my son , I decided to use the Playtex Nursers for bottlefeeding . I thought the bags would be convenient and make clean up easy , plus the bottles are supposed to be like the breast right ? Well , my son got a lot of air with these bottles and did not like the nipples . Also , I tried both the Playtex bags and Wal-mart brand . The rim of the Playtex liners is very thin and I had several leaks because the liner shifted as I squeezed the air from it . I tried the Wal-mart brand , which has a sturdier liner rim and did not leak . However , these cheaper liners are smaller ! If you compare them with the Playtex -LRB- both the 4 oz and 8 oz -RRB- , the Wal-mart liners are smaller in circumference and will not hold as much . I absolutely could not get the 4 oz liners to hold 4 oz or the 8 oz liners to hold 8 oz.Also , if you need to sit the bottle down for a minute , the air comes right back in the liner and you have to squeeze it out again before you can resume feeding . I thought these bottles were a lot of trouble and aggravation . I would rather scrub regular bottles .
 I thought these bottles were going to be great . They were a pain . You 're supposed to squeeze the air out of them so the baby will have less gas . It is very hard to get your hand in the end of the bottle to do that , and once the air is finally out it comes rushing back in once you let go . My baby was the worst at spitting up , she would bring the whole bottle back up . I finally found the MAM Ultivent bottle -LRB- they 're only found on www.babywise.com -- a great site ! -RRB- It is terrific , and so easy to clean . It totally comes apart . And it really works , after 9 months of constantly wearing a huge bib , we got the MAM bottles and you can finally see her outfits !
 Why playtex would mess with something that worked perfectly fine for years , I have no idea . I used the original latex nipples & ` pull-tab ' bags 20 years ago when my children were babies . They never had a problem going from breast to the ` old ' type Platex nipples & tab-bags . But I guess some techno-wizard thought it best to 're - invent ' them . These new ` drop-in ' bags , combined with the silicone nipples -LRB- now in a staggering variety of ` flow-rates ' -RRB- , are the WORST !! I recommended the Playtex nursers to my daughter when she asked me about the best bottle for when she weaned her daughter . How upset was I when they turned out so bad . The amount of air that leaks in & goes to the baby is awful - worse than the regular ole ' plastic ones from 50 years ago . I could actually hear baby sucking in the air & bubbles gurgling in her belly . I returned all the ` drop-ins ' & bought the tab-bags & old standby latex nipples . Much , Much better !
 I bought this bottles cuz it was pretty and looked convenient . However , the bottle leaks at the rim . It was impossible to push the air out until the nipple squirted few drops of formula without leaking and when I finally removed all the air out untill the nipple squirted few drops of formula , the air weent back in the liner . I followed the instructions and it still failed . Maybe there was a defect on my bottle ... I tried using Avent disposable bottle with playtex liners and worked beautifully .
 I 'm a dad of 14 month old twins . I PROMISE you one thing - these bottles are purchased only by first time parents -LRB- like me -RRB- . Anyone who 's on their second or third would tell you to save your money.I realize that every child is different , and some burp up more than others - but they ALL burp up and they ALL get gas . Some more than others.Parents get so frustrated and worried about their babies that they try ANYTHING different . One thing seems to ` do the trick ' when the problem was ready to stop on its own.We tried every bottle gimmick sold on Babies-R-Us . This one takes the cake . How has humanity survived so long before the advent of disposable liners ? I warn you - your child will 'em pty ' his bottle , but when you screw the lid off , you will see the bag was no where near empty . This is because the bag collapses and creates pockets of food that never get eaten . Wonderful if you 're pumping breast milk and trying not to waste any.Since our twins were 2 months , we have been using the plain old Evenflo bottles from any grocer . They cost about 99 cents each.They work great . There 's a bottle , ring and nipple . All of the gimmick bottles have half a dozen parts that need to be individually cleaned , or come apart , or leak.Think about it - Playtex , Gerber , Avent , Evenflo - they all sell the same simple three-piece bottle , but they also sell some sort of state-of-the-art bottle that 's supposed to cure all of your baby 's ills . Why in good conscience would they continue to sell those cheap , gas-inducing , old-fashioned bottles ? Because they work ; because all of the repeat parents buy them ; and because all new parents eventually need to buy a bottle that does what it 's supposed to .
 This stroller is a big disappointment . While it looks very cute , I have the feeling it is not going to last very long . I just got the stroller in yesterday , and already it is coming apart . The velcro connection from the hood to the back of the seat is already coming off . The seat insert/cover bunches up at the bottom if I do n't hold it up while my daughter climbs in . I ca n't imagine trying to put a six monthold in it , you would need and extra set of hands . All in all I am really dissapointed , especially since it is so very cute and I was thinking of buying a second one for baby number two.I knew I should have bought a Maclaren . So much for saving money .
 Ok maybe it was my mistake do n't know . But these are not the extremely hard to find round binkys these are the flat tip nuk style binkys . I have been desperately searching all over for the round binkys and thought I finally nailed it but nope my baby hates these and just spits them out . I hope this review helps all those searching for the round classic style binkys .
 What was pictured and described was the angled pacifier . I received the &#34; most like mother 's nipple &#34; pacifier . My daughter only likes the angled pacifiers so , these are useless .
 Of course it was n't the sellers fault . It was mine by not seeing the pacifiers clearly by description . I thought it was &#34; most liked mothers pacifiers &#34; which was n't so I returned the item .
 Cute on the outside , but offers very few , poor quality photo sheets on the inside .
 The stroller is compact and you can push it easily . But , the recline is kind of a pain to get in the just right - position . Due to the seat incline position the croch belt seems to slip to one side of her inner thighor the other . The food tray is eye level and she has to pull herself up to it to retrieve her snack .
 Maybe I 'm cursed but I have had two of these strollers and both have had problems with the front wheels -- they lock into place when turning . What a pain . The recline strap is n't particularly helpful -- very hard to adjust and does n't cinch all the way tight for our toddler to sit up straight.Really disappointed with the manuverability .
 There was much that I initially liked about this stroller . It has a nice overall design , and it 's a good size . However , there appears to be a major design flaw in the front wheels , and they lock up continuously . Initially it only happened on somewhat rough surfaces , but now it 's constant . We 've reached a point , after only about 7 months of use , that we have to get a different stroller , because it wo n't go for more than a few feet without the front wheels locking up , unless we 're on a perfectly smooth surface . I 've noticed that most strollers have double front wheels on each side , and I regret not having taken note of this before I bought this stroller . The apparatus that holds the wheels in place is just a snap on part , that wobbles easily , and that also appears to add to the problem with the wheels.There is also little back support , so my daughter tends to slouch in this stroller . The back is held in an upright position by a strap that is adjustable , but since the back is made of what seems to be corrugated plastic , it bows , and between that and the strap , it stays in a somewhat reclined position rather than solidly upright .
 I paid for overnight shipping through Amazon , which worked great -- except that my stroller is missing a rear axle . I called customer service , and they 're sending a new one , but it will take over a week to get it.So much for overnight service .
 I bought this stroller thinking I was saving money instead of buying one of those overpriced strollers . Boy , was I wrong . Spend the money and get a quality stroller , like a McClaren . The Kolcraft has the following problems :1 . Impossible to strap baby in without pinching your fingers painfully -LRB- EVERY TIME -RRB- on the harness2 . After only one year the wheels are starting to go3 . Ca n't push with one hand , has terrible steering4 . Light color means that it constantly looks dirty5 . Very bulky6 . Mechanization for putting seat in full recline is cumbersome , and never truly lays down flat.Is that enough complaints ? Buy a different stroller .
 After only a couple of months of use the two front wheels broke - they tend to turn sideways or go in different directions causing the stroller to stop and almost flip . I still use it but have to push it tilted on the two back wheels with the front off the ground to prevent this problem . I would have been better off with a $ 20 stroller or spending a bit more money for one that would last longer .
 At first I really liked this stroller because it 's so light but after a few months the wheel in the front broke so that it gets stuck every few minutes and has to be turned back around by hand so now it 's not usable .
 I bought this stroller less than a month ago and first of all it 's not a lightweight stroller . The maximum weight is 35 pounds and my baby weighs only 30 and the seat is already coming apart at the seams . The reclining is so inconvenient when you have to be pulling the strap to adjust it . To release my child the button you have to press is extremely hard and so small that it digs into your finger . The customer service is HORRIBLE . I was planning to purchase the twin version of this stroller since I have 2nd baby on the way but I am going to spend a little more on a different brand . Save yourself a headache and do n't buy this stroller .
 These are the silliest design ! The gloves are so short that the elastic barely makes it to my son 's wrists , and the wrist part is so big that the gloves fall right off ! We got some Gerber ones and those work great .
 These did not work at all , they did n't stay on my daughter for more than a minute at a time . After one washing they shrunk to Barbie size .
 I brought these to the hospital with me and already my infants fingers were too long for this product . The design is logical . You put your child 's hands in the mitts and turn over the green stripe portion to lock it in but my infant could take them off with no problem . There is a hole for your child 's thumbs to go in and she would fight us when we tried to utilize this feature . I would say save your two bucks and get onsies with this feature built in .
 My newborn throws her hands in her face over and over when she 's upset . I am constantly using mittens to try and protect her cute little face from her nails . I 've tried 4 different brand of mittens . I know these have a hole for the thumb but it just does n't seem practical to me . There 's no way she 'd keep the mittens on her hand with the `` thumb '' hole option . I also find the mittens to be a bit small . The elastic needs to be a bit tighter in the mitten so that they do n't fall off so often .
 Bought these because I thought they were the same ones I already had . Boy was I wrong . The ones I have are the Safety First brand . These are much cheaper quality and do n't stay on baby 's hands .
 I thought these were one for $ 10 -LRB- I think the description was not really clear , especially the title once you are on the page -RRB- and so ordered `` 2 '' ; but when I received 4 baskets in 2 boxes and examined them , I realized that these are indeed only worth $ 5 each . They are rather flimsy and not very well made
 I saw the other person 's review and still decided to give it a try . But she is definitely right
 This product was not as good as I was expecting from the other reviews . There are a couple of reasons why I am not exactly thrilled with this stroller . 1 -RRB- It is not a one hand release to fold it up like it says . You also have to push a foot release to fold it up -LRB- which they do n't tell you in the directions -RRB- . 2 -RRB- Another thing is that the sun shade does not move so when I am running toward the sun , my son is completely in the sun . To solve this problem my husband had to attach a new shade and drill holes in the stroller . 3 -RRB- One more thing that bothers me about this stroller is that when I am running the foot brake slowly closes and slows the stroller down and makes an annoying sound . I have to constantly stop and pull it up so I can run . 4 -RRB- One more thing , is that sometimes the stroller does not want to stay up when I try to unfold it . One side will lock into place , where the other side does not want to latch and I have to keep putting it down and pulling it up really hard for it to lock completely.One thing I do like , is the swivel wheel . It makes it very nice to go from running to walking . I also like the adjustable handle , although when I had my other one without the adjustable handle , I was fine with that one too.As you can see , I have not been to happy with this stroller , although there are a couple of positives . If I had n't paid $ 40 for shipping , I would probably return this stroller and get a different one .
 I have had this stroller for about a year and a half and I have always loved it . I use it several times a week without any problems at all . It folds easily and handles really well . UNTIL ... . a few days ago I walked my son to the park and the stroller sat in the sun while he played . I guess the metal frame got too hot or something -LRB- even though it did n't even feel hot to the touch -RRB- because as we were walking back home the frame totally bent . The stroller fell over , the tray popped off , and my son almost hit the ground . Good thing I had him buckled in !!! And good thing my mom reflexes let me get my arm between him and the pavement before he hit his head ! We were just walking along , going slightly down hill , and it just collapsed ! I have n't heard of this happening to anyone else so it may just have been a fluke with my stroller , but be careful . InStep will definitely be hearing from me !
 The window curtain does not fit our window , It is a couple inches too short . The curtain is very thin , even the pattern is pleasant . I 'm very disappointed ,
 The style is OK . But it 's too thin to keep away the sunshine . It 's also too short for our window .
 It did n't fit the jungle babies lamp . Plus a lot of lamps that you can purchase at Wal-mart or Target are n't made for this kind of lampshade .
 We bought 4 of these baby sheets . We decorated the baby room all in this theme - NoJo Jungle . So naturally we had to have the sheets as well . We first purchased 2 of these 3 years ago for our first daughter . They fitted very tight and was always hard to change the bed in order for these sheets to fit in the mattress . We have a standard size crib with a standard size waterproof organic Serta mattress 52x27 . But anyway we dealt with it . Now when our second daughter was born those first 2 sheets were already ripping apart , mostly around the elastic area . I did n't want to get another pair , but my husband bought 2 more . It seems these new ones are even smaller or else they shrunk in the washing , because it is impossible to fit altogether . Within the first busy baby months we did n't even return them , but we have now 2 pair of fitted sheets totally useless . I now bought another fitted sheet from Pottery Barn Kids - Organic Safari - , which by the way is about the same price , and it is a pleasure to make the baby bed now , fits per-fec-tly ; they 're size is 53x27 . No more of this NoJo for me !
 The idea is great - cute little rechargeable bedside lights . The lights themselves are good-looking . However , there 's a major problem with the design - the induction charging base emits a high-pitched squeal when the lights are n't on it -LRB- to me it 's akin to fingernails-on-chalkboard -RRB- . I called Vessel and they confirmed that all of their two-light charging bases squeal but `` not everybody can hear that high '' . Kids usually have better high-frequency hearing than adults , and since they 're the target users for the lights this design flaw is completely unacceptable .
 I 've never used a breast pump until last week for the first time.The manufacturer forget to put the bottle -LRB- nipple and cover pieces -RRB- in the set I purchased from Babies R Us . The pump has high and low settings to adjust for your breastfeeding comfort but , it was torture . It hurt so bad it made my eyes water . I still have tried to use it three more times and I 'm retiring it officially today . The baby is 3 weeks old and I have only been able to get out 1 oz the last two times I used it . The first time I used it , I forced myself to fall asleep with it on and about 3 hours later only 4 oz . came out . It 's a waste of money and time !
 Need I say anything further !! You are MUCH better off going with a manual pump if you are looking to keep the cost low -LRB- i.e. if you do n't want to purchase the only electric pump that works-The Madella Pump N Style -RRB- .
 Horrible pump , the suction hurts , and so does the shell where it touches your skin . And since it requires one hand to operate the controls , you can not really double pump at all . I ended up buying the avent manual pump which was much better .
 I would not recommend this pump to anyone . The pump hurts and I have to use both hands . The breast shield has fallen off of it while I was pumping and a few times , my milk was suctioned INTO the pump somehow ! Also it is very loud & annoying . Poor model , do not buy and waste your money !
 I purchased this pump and it initially hurt on the lowest setting as another user experienced too and is very loud . It does not pump mych milk at all ! After about 10 uses the suction began to stop working and still does not work . I recommend purchasing the extended warranty becasue you will be returning it . I have since bought an Ameda pump which does not even compare . It does not hurt even on the highest setting and pumps about 4oz in 7 minutes ! Invest in quality !
 Ok so the first time I used it the suction was so much and it hurt so bad that I wanted to throw it away , mind you that was on the lowest setting , and yes I have used other breast pumps before . The second time I used it it was n't that bad . Then the third time I used it , it had no suction what-so-ever . I dont know what is wrong with this product but I would suggest going manual over this . .
 I do not like this sterilizer . My large Nuk bottles do not fit in it at all and it has a strange odor when you take it out of the microwave . I would not recommend this item for purchase .
 Wish I could properly review this item , but I was sent the wrong item . Now I 'll have to scramble to complete my niece 's 1st birthday gift with something else . So frustrating .
 I was not at all satisfied with my purchase I emailed for a refund as soon as I seen the product !!
 We could n't wait until our daughter was ready for a walker . Unfortunately , after countless times of putting in new batteries , we realized that the toy did n't work . I immediately contacted Kolcraft and they are sending me another toy . I also wished I had gotten the one with the mirror , instead I have the one with the spinning toy and my daughter keeps hitting her forehead on it . And to add to that , she only stays in it for about 15-20 minutes . Other than that , I really like the walker ! lol : -RCB- I think it will be better once we get a new toy .
 I tried to buy a walker for my grandson and all the walkers were unavailiable . You didnt even have one walker availiable , How is it possible that such a big outlet like yours not to have one walker ? I was very disapionted . I guess that I would have to rate you with a zero . And I would like to know when will there be any walkers available ? I like to shop with Amazon .
 This is a nicely designed walker and my baby likes it for the most part but we are not exactly satisfied by it for one reason . The front wheels turn all directions but the rear wheels do n't . Just like a car , it can only go forward and backward , but not sideways . Sometimes my baby turns her upper body to the side and tries to reach something on her left or right but she ca n't push the walker that way because of the design , and she gets frustrated . If both front wheels and rear wheels were the types that turn any direction , it would have had much greater mobility .
 I bought this product for my son because he is in love with the sesame beginnings videos . He loves the soft toys on the side and the buttons along the toy bar . However , the spinning toy with mirror on the middle of the toy bar is very unsafe . More than once he has bumped his forhead or mouth on it . Once so badly that his lip was bleeding and he was screeming in tears ! There has to be a better walker out there than this one . Do n't buy it just because it is sesame street like I did . It is a waist of money .
 This walker has 2 important safety issues . First , the babys hands become trapped between the `` teething attachments '' and the switches on the play center . They are unable to free themselves and frantically pull on their arms to try and free themselves . This could easily cause injury.Second is the red and yellow spinning wheel in the middle of the play center . The red paint comes off in the babys mouth and on hands after a short time . First it was only scratches of red paint coming off when the baby scratches it with fingernails or chews on it but then larger chips of paint began falling off and ending up in the babys mouth . This may be a poison or choking hazard . We eventually removed the play center but the baby just doesnt like the product nearly as much . Why did the manufacturer use a painted piece of plastic instead of solid colored plastics ? It only took an hour before the baby had its hands trapped . Seems like this should have been noticed during `` safety '' testing !!!! Would NOT buy this product again !!!
 The walker has a few flaws . First of all the toy bar on the front table is not ideal . It is too close to the child and only a few inches away from the child 's head . My son keeps bumping his forhead on the toybar when he is riding in the walker ... constantly . The seat is too tight and the crotch area on the seat is too high , it should be roomier and drop lower .
 I love buying organic products and this one smells great , but , to my surprise , it is NOT tear-free . The bottles are actually quite small too for the price . I recommend the Lil Goat 's Milk stuff - it is much better and safe for your little one 's sweet little face .
 OK the design is cute enough ... which is why I wanted to buy it ... but they make it look a lot bigger ... when you receive it ... it is like nothing is in the package ... the blanket is so small ... the burp pad and bib ... had to go out and buy another gift it looked so puny ... cute gift ... NOT WORTH 58.00 ... trust me ...
 I did a lot of reading on this bag and was very excited to get it . After using it for about a month I have decided I can no longer use it . Specific criticisms about this bag are 1 -RRB- It does n't hold very much 2 -RRB- It does n't close from above , no flap or zip so if it 's raining the water gets in 3 -RRB- You have to dig to the bottom to find what you need as the bag does n't open wide enough 4 -RRB- Because you have to dig to the bottom and the way that it closes is velcro on the insides , my knuckles have been scratched to pieces on the velcro 5 -RRB- Even the one feature that makes this bag stand out from the rest , the separate clips to attatch the bag the the stroller , is a negative because you need to hands to unclip the carrying strap and then the long carrying strap is no longer attached to the bag which means you may lose it . The reason i did give them one star is because it is a creative idea to have these types of straps . In short I have been happy with less expensive bags purchased in the past !
 Way too tall and deep for my tastes . Does not hold much , the whole top half is useless . When i set it down on the floor it always tips over just because the bottom is so narrow . A pain to switch between stroller staps and single strap , easier to just pick one way of using it and leave it be . I 'm thinking of exchanging mine for the Dash .
 You have to be careful with the exterior pockets because i used the side pocket to store my cel phone -LRB- i beleive its the designed cell phone pocket -RRB- and i was at a crowded event and my cel phone was stolen from this pocket which was secured only by a magnet and i didnt notice until i needed the phone which was minutes after the robbery . I recomend to use the inside pockets to store valuables , dont risk exterior pockets for anything that is not for your babys needs . I have a new baby and i hoped this bag would fit both my baby 's and my 3 year old needs and it 's not feasable . I just purchased a DadGear Backpack Diaper Bag and we 'll see how that works out .
 Instructions for cushion installation are very poor . They consist of a series of pictures which are too small to read . In addition , they are printed on a reflective surface which makes things even worse . The manufacturer 's website is also not helpful , so you basically have to figure out how to do it yourself . The key is you need to realize that the oval white strap adjuster -LRB- which goes behind your baby 's back -RRB- has tabs with a gap in them . You can slide the straps out through that gap . Then you can install the cushion , run the straps through the cushion slots , and finally reattach the adjuster.Other than this , we like it ! Once you get it installed it looks good .
 This is probably the worst-designed cushion system I have encountered . It had totally unintelligible diagramatic instrustuctions , useless even with a magnifying glass . The only way one can effectively use this system requres that the seat-belts be completely dissasembled each time one wishes to clean the pad , or to permanently remove the shoulder harness clip -LRB- which should have been designed to be manually unclipped -RRB- . Last Stokke product I buy .
 Unfortunately , the cushion did not fit the tripp trapp highchair . We tried to put it in every possible way , and we found that the chushion is not exactly the same as in the drawings and instructions in the manual . So , we could only use the seat part . Nevetheless , the seat cushion looks great .
 Why , oh why , is Amazon selling this for $ 99 when most retailers -LRB- Walmart , et.c -RRB- carry it for about $ 40 ? Am I missing something ? It 's only the deluxe versions of this simple model that run above $ 60 ...
 My child has never been interested in this color combination , and the toy she enjoyed the most on this gym , the mirror toy , she out grew in 3 weeks . Also the musical toy is hard to operate . She has been turning over since she was 3 months old so by the time she could reach the toys and play with them , 4 months , she prefered to be on her stomach crawling . This mat is too small for her to crawl on . If you have an active baby who does n't like to be on her back or one who crawls early , get something else like the 1-2-3 Discovery Lane .
 I put this on my baby registry because of all the excellent reviews I read about it . Well , my son hated it . As a newborn , he would get fussy every time I put him under the gym . I kept trying over and over as he got older , but he never did get into it . I got on the floor with him and tried to show him his face in the mirror , how to move the rattles , etc. . He batted at the toys a couple of times , but was utterly bored after a minute or two . I also have the Sparkling Symphony Gym and he liked that one a lot more - it does have some flaws , but it plays music -LRB- which sounds quite good BTW -RRB- - and , unlike this product , it grows with the child to convert to a toddler piano later -LRB- for about the same price as this product . -RRB- Perhaps this toy is not an appropriate choice for a very active baby - I think my son needs more stimulation and more excitement than is provided by just lying underneath some toys and batting at them with his hands .
 I guess some babies love this mat , but mine could not have cared less . The toys that hung from it did not interest them . I hung the Tiny Love Trio of toys from it , too , but they were bored by all of it . I 'm glad it was a gift and that I did not pay for it myself , because I got very little use out of it .
 Okay , nothing to write home about . Baby did not stay in it long enough to enjoy it . I think it bored him .
 After reading raving reviews about this gym , I decided that it was probably a good item , despite the high price for such an unsophisticated item . After getting it home , I was disappointed that it only came with three toys -LRB- add-ons are pricey -RRB- and that there was no practical way to adjust how low they hung for baby - they were either in his face or too high to see . I introduced my newborn to this activity gym repeatedly from birth to three months , hoping to entertain him with it at some point . At first , he was too little to see the arches and the toys . Then , he quickly became too active to just lay passively because he wanted to lean on the arches for support in standing . I think this mat would be far more entertaining if it had more toys and put them on an elastic or adjustible string . I also think if the mat had different textures and a more engaging musical toy , it might be more appealing to babies . I 've seen other activity gyms that have those features , and wish I would 've bought one of those instead of falling for the hype that newborns are attracted to black , white , and red as one of my main reasons for buying this gym .
 My son is now 6 months and used this all of maybe 2 weeks . My friend had the Gymini Super Deluxe Light and Music and while over there one day we put him on it and he loved it ! They grow out of the blk and white quickly and need color . He 's never even liked the hanging toys that come with this even hanging from the Super Deluxe , which we tried . He never paid them any attention . He 's still playing on the Super Deluxe once in a while . This one has nothing for them to play with once they get good on their tummy either . Spend the extra money and get something that will interest your baby for 6-8 months .
 For the first few months after my baby brother was born , he loved to look at the red , black , and white colors . Soon enough he could hit the hanging toys and kick and bite at the -LRB- as he thought -RRB- interesting material . But after a while , the song did n't make him laugh as much and the toys became a bore to hit . He still plays on it , do n't get my wrong , but I have to put other toys on the mat to keep him occupied . I 'll put him on his stomach sometimes and let him try to comprehend what is going on in the television , but that is about all he likes to do now . I do n't think I 'd recomend this toy to anyone just because after awhile , children get sick of it .
 Well I have to say our son really did not like this toy . He thought it was very boring . Recently I hung all the other toys like a rattle etc. from it and then he liked it . But still is not interested at all in the toys it originally came with.The toy actually has one plus , it folds up nice in is very easy to take along .
 A newborn may enjoy black , white and red , however , ours did n't . This play mat is boring . Our son did n't respond to it at all . We thought maybe he was too young at one month , but when we placed him under the Baby Einstein one , he went crazy with smiles . This play gym does n't come with many fun toys , and is n't worth the money in my opinion . Save your money on this product and go for the best one ... baby einstein !
 Okay , I know they 're supposed to be stimulating to a newborn , but newborns ca n't really even see that well at first . When i put my triplets on this , they liked it okay for a while , but after a few months they liked my other playmat , that has jungle animals way more . I get sick of baby gear that is an eyesore , and this is . My kids would stare at the lion and stuff on their mats when they got older , and I like having something more cheerful and not as depressing around.The playgym itself gets 5 stars , I have no problem with the way it works . I just hate black white and red !
 I had a Fisher-Price version on these playmats which I gave 5 stars.http : / / www.amazon.com/Fisher-Price-Songs-Smiles-Discovery-Gym/dp/B000OONJBO/ref=cm_cr-mr-titleIt was really great and colorful and came with a heap of hanging toys and a mirrored , music-playing dog.After lending it to a friend and getting it back bent out of shape my hubby bought this one as a last minute xmas gift for our Baby # 2 . It was the only one in the store he had ducked into . It only has 3 hanging toys . Every other similar playmat has heaps of toys and most have music and lights as well . My main dislike of this one is that the arches are quite low , lower than the Fisher-Price one , so it seems like the toys are right in Baby 's face . Other than those deficiencies , the mat is reasonably padded and the material is soft , not silky but soft enough . I would not recommend this to anyone but I do recommend the Fisher-Price one .
 My daughter was n't really interested in this toy . She 's nine months , and she still ignores it . I think she only enjoyed it for two or three days when she was five months old . The individual toys are great , though . Just buy the toys and forget the mat . You can also hang them on your bouncer .
 I have had this toy for 3 1/2 years . My now 3 year old never really wanted to use it . A few mins . now and then was all she wanted . I found that it was always in the way . When I had my next little girl -LRB- now 1 -RRB- I figured it would be used this time . No such luck . The only time she had any fun with it was when her big sisters ran around finding other toys to attach to it . This toy takes up too much room and is too much money .
 I got this at my shower so I 've tried to get my baby to like it for 8 months now . She loves the colors red and black , but she hates this gym and she either ignores it or gets really , really mad at the hanging toys . The only thing she likes is the toy that plays music when you squeeze it . Am I the only one whose child finds this toy boring and annoying ??
 I worked at a day care that had one of these . No one could get the bars to stay up . We never used it . It stayed folded up in a toy box .
 Maybe my daughter is still too young to enjoy this award winning toy , I find it just too plian and not very inspiring for babies . It comes with three attachments and you would have to buy more if you like to add a little more variety to your baby 's enjoyment . I think the attachments cost about $ 5.00 each . Anyway , bottomline is , I think the fundamental value of this toy is very low and will not contribute much to your baby 's development . -LRB- What 's more , it 's very expensive ! -RRB-
 The hanging toys are too low , forcing the child to focus on objects very close to the face and cause squinting .
 I heard all the hullabaloo about babies loving black , red , and white colors because they are easy to focus on at an early age , and thought we should definetly choose this gym . Wrong for our baby ! She showed NO interest in this gym , I tried adding more toys -LRB- because for the price it does come with VERY FEW -RRB- , moving the bars up and down to make the toys `` dance '' , all to no avail . She hates this thing , I would recommend instead the Tiny Love Deluxe Gymini with Lights and Music , or one of the Fisher Price Kick type gyms . We personally did not have a good experience with this gym and would not purchase one like it again . Music and/or lights seems to be a must for our baby to stay interested .
 I purchased a bedding set from this company in early December . It arrived in a very dirty condition -LRB- not used , but `` industial dirt '' imprinted from pressing . I decided to see if it would wash out before returning , and it did . After washing and losing its commercial pressing , it was evident that the quality was not very good and it would not hold up . I wrote an Amazon review saying so . I immediately got a phone call from Soho Bedding Customer Service and was told that the company wanted to make things right , they were a start-up and as such fixing problems , and would send me a $ 39 value blanket if I took my review down . I gave them the benefit of the doubt and took the review down . I was told the blanket would arrive by Christmas . It had not arrived by Mid-January , so I called once and left a message , followed up by two emails to the address left on the phone messege . I have heard nothing from the company and never did recieve the blanket they said they would send . A VERY SHADY COMPANY WHO LIED TO ME TO GET ME TO TAKE DOWN A NEGATIVE REVIEW DURING THE CHRISTMAS SEASON .
 These were alot bigger then I expected , make sure that you have a perfect spot for these , they look best clustered together like one on top and two on the bottom , they to were not the exact color I thought they would be , they were faded to .
 I am an internet shopper . I review everything before I buy it . This diaper bag seemed great after I read the reviews , but IT IS NOT ! I do n't require a lot of space every day , but I would like to be able to fit 2 - outfits -LRB- newborn ! -RRB- , burp rags , bibs , and one thin blanket on the inside of my bag , without having to take all the items out to find anything . There are these long shallow pockets across the top . If you put anything in them -LRB- paci , tiny motrin bottle , cellphone -RRB- , then you really ca n't reach into the bag below , because those top compartments are sticking out into the middle of the bag , trapping the bottom items in the bag . And the main compartment and outside pockets all have velcro , so try getting your outfits and blanket in and out without snagging them . Try putting your own arm down in there , without snagging the sleeve of your shirt or sweater . Impossible ! I just absolutely hate this bag . No other way to say it . I have never reviewed anything so negatively on Amazon . Very disappointing . Maybe I can sell it for half of what I paid , so that someone who feels the way the other reviewers do can buy it !
 I am an internet shopper . I review everything before I buy it . This diaper bag seemed great after I read the reviews , but IT IS NOT ! I do n't require a lot of space every day , but I would like to be able to fit 2 - outfits -LRB- newborn ! -RRB- , burp rags , bibs , and one thin blanket on the inside of my bag , without having to take all the items out to find anything . There are these long shallow pockets across the top . If you put anything in them -LRB- paci , tiny motrin bottle , cellphone -RRB- , then you really ca n't reach into the bag below , because those top compartments are sticking out into the middle of the bag , trapping the bottom items in the bag . And the main compartment and outside pockets all have velcro , so try getting your outfits and blanket in and out without snagging them . Try putting your own arm down in there , without snagging the sleeve of your shirt or sweater . Impossible ! I just absolutely hate this bag . No other way to say it . I have never reviewed anything so negatively on Amazon . Very disappointing . Maybe I can sell it for half of what I paid , so that someone who feels the way the other reviewers do can buy it !
 I am an internet shopper . I review everything before I buy it . This diaper bag seemed great after I read the reviews , but IT IS NOT ! I do n't require a lot of space every day , but I would like to be able to fit 2 - outfits -LRB- newborn ! -RRB- , burp rags , bibs , and one thin blanket on the inside of my bag , without having to take all the items out to find anything . There are these long shallow pockets across the top . If you put anything in them -LRB- paci , tiny motrin bottle , cellphone -RRB- , then you really ca n't reach into the bag below , because those top compartments are sticking out into the middle of the bag , trapping the bottom items in the bag . And the main compartment and outside pockets all have velcro , so try getting your outfits and blanket in and out without snagging them . Try putting your own arm down in there , without snagging the sleeve of your shirt or sweater . Impossible ! I just absolutely hate this bag . No other way to say it . I have never reviewed anything so negatively on Amazon . Very disappointing . Maybe I can sell it for half of what I paid , so that someone who feels the way the other reviewers do can buy it !
 I am an internet shopper . I review everything before I buy it . This diaper bag seemed great after I read the reviews , but IT IS NOT ! I do n't require a lot of space every day , but I would like to be able to fit 2 - outfits -LRB- newborn ! -RRB- , burp rags , bibs , and one thin blanket on the inside of my bag , without having to take all the items out to find anything . There are these long shallow pockets across the top . If you put anything in them -LRB- paci , tiny motrin bottle , cellphone -RRB- , then you really ca n't reach into the bag below , because those top compartments are sticking out into the middle of the bag , trapping the bottom items in the bag . And the main compartment and outside pockets all have velcro , so try getting your outfits and blanket in and out without snagging them . Try putting your own arm down in there , without snagging the sleeve of your shirt or sweater . Impossible ! I just absolutely hate this bag . No other way to say it . I have never reviewed anything so negatively on Amazon . Very disappointing . Maybe I can sell it for half of what I paid , so that someone who feels the way the other reviewers do can buy it !
 The bag came smashed and the front pockets never got their shape back . The bag was functional but looked worn out within the first month .
 The bag came smashed and the front pockets never got their shape back . The bag was functional but looked worn out within the first month .
 The bag came smashed and the front pockets never got their shape back . The bag was functional but looked worn out within the first month .
 The bag came smashed and the front pockets never got their shape back . The bag was functional but looked worn out within the first month .
 The bag came smashed and the front pockets never got their shape back . The bag was functional but looked worn out within the first month .
 We bought this chest to use as a toy box . We thought it would be safe for children . The lid on the chest is way too heavy . When it is lifted open , it slams shut - and with a heavy lid like that , it could cause a serious injury . Unfortunately , if I pay to have it shipped back it would be really expensive so I am stuck with a toy chest that I can not keep around my children . Also it arrived very dusty and with some of the harware missing which leads me to believe that it was either returned by someone who found it dangerous , or it had been hanging around a warehouse or store for a very long time . Very disappointed !!!!!!!!!!
 This evening my 3 1/2 year old daughter was looking for a toy inside this chest that was used to put her toys in . We heard her yell out and found her sitting next to it crying and realized just what happened ... the lid fell on her head . My wife warned me about this happening to herself before ... I should have listened to her and just get rid of this badly designed chest back then . Tonight I got rid of it ... boy did I get rid of it ! I was so mad that this chest -LRB- which looks like a coffin by the way -RRB- hurt my daughter ! Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS THING -LRB- I almost want to SUE ! -RRB- . It seemed like a great buy , but save your money in trying to save money . The thing is in 2 pieces in our trash can ! I normally do not write reviews , but this item was a real disappointment ! The hinges which are supposed to keep the lid from falling just do n't do the job in opening and closing the heavy lid properly . Oh ... my daughter is OK ... she 's got a hard head .
 Model includes two different gasket for the large nut connection to the toilet tank . Neither one provided a tight seal . With either , moving the hose slightly causes leaks around the gasket . Do not purchase this product.Update
 This is just another `` kit '' with very useless things in it . Honestly I only wanted the nail clippers and the brush/comb . I should have gone with a cuter set for a girl . I used the medication syringe for a med for my 4yo and it did n't even hold the medicine , it leaked out all over the place -LRB- no suction like a syringe should have -RRB- . As a pediatric nurse I 'd prefer a higher quality medication administration kit . Also the bulb syringe in this kit is small and wo n't be very useful . Use the one from the hospital if you deliver in one -LRB- we 're having a homebirth and I ordered a hospital grade bulb syringe instead -RRB- . This kit was a waste of money , in my opinion .
 Nasal aspirator -LRB- which is amazing -RRB- , nail clippers and brush ... that 's the only items that worked . At the middle of the night , my 3m-old baby had a fever . . thermometer never worked , I had to use the family 's one . After confirming fever and a quick call to the nurse , had to give him some medicine ... but using the syringe was a NIGHTMARE and a big mess with medicine leaking all over the baby and all over my hands !! WE ended up using a spoon -LRB- not the one in the kit , which shows ml by halves like 1 1/2 , 2 1/2 , 3 1/2 and so on . . and did n't want to guess where the 2ml mark was -RRB- I had to buy health care items separately . It was a little more expensive than the kit , but now I 'm sure everything in the health care box works !
 I shopped around a lot before I settled on this kit , but as others have mentioned there are serious quality issues.The bulb syringe is very hard , and difficult to use . The medicine syringe leaks , making it useless . The nail clippers sort of dented my son 's nails but did not cut at all . Fortunately , this kit comes with nail files which helped deal with the aftermath but if clipping an infant 's nails is difficult , try filing them . Also , once the insert that holds all of these items in place for display is removed , you have a messy and transparent case.What worked about this kit
 I bought this product for my daughter . I loved that it has so much in it . What I really wanted to use was the nail clippers . The clippers would n't cut my daughters nails at all . I went to use the medicine spoon , and it leaked . I used the medicine dropper and it would n't hold the medicine in it . The bulb is hard to use and does n't work . Do n't waste your money on this set .
 Although the idea of having all of these handy items in a nice case is a good one , the items in the case are pretty cheap and the case takes up too much space unnecessarily.The bulb syringe does n't suck anything and its very stiff . The thermometer takes forever to take the temperature and I am not convinced it does it accurately . The nail clippers were difficult to use on soft newborn nails , but now that our baby is 3 months old its a little easier to clip her nails with it.The comb and brush are not bad.As for the rest of the stuff in the kit , an opportunity to use them has not come up.As for the case , I recycled it.I would have rather gotten a good bulb syringe -LRB- which I am about to order -RRB- and a very good nail clipper like the Tweezerman brand -LRB- though they are quite expensive compared to this -RRB- .
 We are a bussy tidy family and we only want the best for our 2 kids . I have purchased this dresser and within a year the bottom part of the drawer and bottom corner of the carcass broke . I called the company and they where not willing to replace the carcass . This is unaccaptable for a dresser I paid more than a grand for.I will never buy a Oeuf product again and would not recommend it .
 My overall impression so far is negative . The dresser does not scream quality . As of now I can not even put it together because one of the rear panels that was shipped is ~ 1 inch longer than the rest , so that with it installed I can not put the dresser together . Without it , I am afraid , the dresser might be unstable . I ordered the replacement -LRB- themdbfamily.com -RRB- , so if/when it arrives I will update this review.Quality-wise it is nowhere near the Davinci Kalani crib . It is the same price so I wonder if it is due to the lack of regulation . It is hardly more wood than the crib . We were debating between Kalani dresser and Roxanne and went for Roxane because of its smaller size.Drawers
 I bought this chest of drawers because it went with the 3-in-1 crib we had already purchased . We were happy with the crib . Not with this chest.I 'll go ahead and say we did n't even finish unpacking the box . I opened the box -LRB- which arrived from Amazon in great condition -RRB- and saw some flimsy cardboard-like pieces , on top . I could n't figure out why my drawers needed a backing like you get when you buy common book shelves . That could n't be right so I found the instructions and discovered that this `` backing '' was in fact the bottoms of the drawers for this chest . I am not exaggerating when say I had doubts that these drawers would hold simple infant clothes and blankets . So I did n't even finish unpacking the pieces.The color of this chest was great , the drawer fronts looked fine . But I had no confidence that the chest would perform the function for which it was created.So we sent it back , went down the street , and bought a chest from a local retailer . Sure I paid more this way , but I 'm happy with my decision.If you simply have no other option -LRB- I 've had little money to spare many times -RRB- , go a head with this chest of drawers . But if there 's any other way you can put a little more money towards something of higher quality , do that.This product is n't worth the money they are asking for it .
 The 7-drawer dresser I purchased has a manufacturer 's flaw , which means the four top drawers do not square . It makes opening the drawers below difficult , but MORE IMPORTANTLY it makes the piece look like a cheap piece of junk , because the drawers angle inward . -LRB- The center vertical piece is about 0.25 inches too short , which is why the drawers dip towards the center . -RRB-
 Thinking that Amazon or DaVinci would have corrected their color labeling mistake by now -LRB- see previous reviewer 's comment about the `` white '' dresser -RRB- , we ordered this dresser for our nursery . As soon as the 100 + lb box arrived , I knew we 'd be sending it back . The box was labeled ` Antique White ' , as a previous reviewer noted -LRB- months ago -RRB- . I did open the box to compare the color of the dresser to the other white furniture we have in the nursery . Not even close . I ca n't comment on the quality of the dresser itself , as I made no effort to assemble it .
 This product did not come with the cute green and white checkered pattern that was shown in the picture . Instead it had stripes and dots , while ok , is not what I wanted . I was disappointed with the pattern that I received , and the quality -LRB- softness -RRB- is also less than expected .
 Our son loves Dora but he did n't like the crinkling sound . He refused to sit on this , but he sits on the seat just fine without the topper . Topper not useful for us .
 I got this as a shower gift and returned it ! My little girl hated it ! She screamed when I put her in it . I think it squeezed her . It was really hard to get on and off and not comfortable for her or for me . Her head was right in front of my chin too . Even if she had liked it , I would have worried that I would hurt her head with my chin . I do n't think this carrier works well for short women with big babies -LRB- she was 8lbs . at birth and we tried it then . -RRB-
 Spend the money and get the Baby Bjorn back pack !!! I tried and tried to make this back pack work and it was a hassle . There are too many straps and I could n't get my son out of it without someones help . If you are trying to save the money which I did ... DONT . Spend the extra money and get the baby bjorn it is the most comfortable back pack carrier for you as well as your baby . My son loves it . He even falls asleep in it facing forward . I use it everywhere .
 We have this carrier and I like it for short trips to the store . But I wo n't use it for any extended length of time . The position of the straps for the face in feature made it hard for my son to get comfortable while sleeping it always left red marks on the side of his head unless I loosened the strap and padded it with a blanket or cloth diaper . Then I was afraid to take my hands off of him for fear he would fall . For the face out feature it is very hard to get your child into the carrier with the way that the head rest slides down so the baby can see out . It is awkward to have to hold it down while trying to maneuver the baby into the carrier . My son is a big boy at 16 pounds and 26 inches long and is only 5 month old but is well with in the recommended weight and height limits . So this should not be a struggle to get him in and out of . It is also very hard to adjust from one person to the next you have to fiddle with it before you put the baby in and then hope it fits both of you comfortably . I am sure that there are better carriers out there for a reasonable price .
 I registered for this carrier because I liked that it could be used as a front carrier , facing in and out , and a back carrier . I have never used it as a back carrier , but it is not a good front carrier . I have tried it several times with my son and he hates it . It is such a struggle to get him in and out , the leg openings are too tight , and when I tried to adjust it to use facing out , the support was still in his face . I know many people who have sworn by their carriers , mostly Baby Bjorn . It I had it to do over again , I would definitely spend the extra money to get a better carrier .
 it was too big on my small frame and my son 's head wasnt well supported . It was akward to put on and I couldnt see over it ! I am not that small , 5 ' 6 '' and 120lbs ... I dont like it . . I ended up getting a Infantino Spft Carrier instead .
 I first tried putting my son in this when he was 2 mths old & it was very difficult to safely juggle a small baby , snap & adjust all the straps with one hand . If he was crying or squirmy it was impossible . As he turned 4mths old & in the 15lb range , I faced him forward but the front that supports a rear-facing newborn 's head , would be right in his face & does n't stay folded down . Around 6mths old & 18lbs , I carried him like a backpack . No matter how tightly I adjusted the straps , it felt like he was constantly slipping & my neck & back were sore for days.While he did enjoy the view & I enjoyed having my hands free , the moment never lasted long b/c within 10-15 minutes , we 'd both be sweating from the body heat & he was squirming to get out . I wish I had traded it for a pack of diapers . My babysitter spent $ 5 on 5 yards of cotton fabric & wraps him in it like a sling . My now 9.5 mth old loves when she holds him like that , & she can adjust how she wraps the fabric as he grows .
 This carrier was nice to use when our daughter was smaller . -LRB- she is almost 5 months and is 16 pounds now -RRB- She just does not fit in it very well . It seems that her thighs are too big for the leg holes and getting her in and out of it is a pain . When she is facing forward , the front of the carrier rubs on her face . So we have to fold the front over and so that she can see . In regards to comfort , it was fine for me . On the other hand , my husband ca n't stand it . I guess for $ 30 , if you are going to use it on a daily basis for the first couple of months of your baby 's life , then it 's worth it . But right now for us , it 's worthless so it 's going to Goodwill .
 This is the only product that my husband and I registered for where we did no research about brands . After receiving it , and actually asking around , we realized that we had made a mistake . There are multiple snaps and straps , and although I 've found a relatively quick way to place my daughter in it , it is still way more time consuming than other brands . I 've watched mothers in my playgroup quickly slide their babies into their Baby Bjorns and other similar products , while I am still standing there snap , snap , snapping . Furthermore , the headrest that was supposed to assist my daughter when wearer-facing has become quite a hindrance now that she is forward-facing . I have recently gone to a store and tried out other carriers with my daughter and none of them bring on the lower-back-pain that I have wearing this carrier . If you want to save money and do not plan on wearing this carrier often , maybe this would be the carrier for you . But now I will have to go out and spend more money to buy something that works quickly , easily , and pain-free !
 I bought this carrier after reading all the positive reviews and seeing the price . However , I did n't use it much after I got it . It was a hassle to get on and off , and by the time I got it on with my daughter in it , she would be upset and wanted to get out.It was a good price new , but I ended up getting a used Bjorn on ebay for not much more $ 36 shipped . I sold this one for $ 5 . It seems to work for some people , so if you fall into that category , more power to you . If not , there are other ways of getting a decent priced carrier .
 At first I thought there is no way I 'm spending $ 80 on a carrier ! This one looked just as nice , plus it has the extra capability to put on your back . I sat and admired it , adjusted all of the straps , and laughed about how much money I saved by purchasing this snugli WHILE I WAS PREGNANT.When I actually had my baby , this set up which I thought was so great was not at all . The leg openings were too small for her chunky legs and left marks , the material was not soft and not very breathable . I could not get her in and out of it while she was asleep . She was not happy in it and I was not happy with it . I had written off a carrier all together figuring my baby just did n't like it , until I decided to give the Baby Bjorn a try . For $ 80 I figured it had to be something amazing ... and it truly is ! I 've used my Bjorn for 9 months now and am so sad that I must retire it . It SAVED me ! I highly recommend spending the extra money and investing in a Bjorn . You will love it !
 I 'm a first time mom and found this carrier to be difficult to use.First , I found it very difficult to get my son 's legs in and out of the carrier . I would end up waking him every time I took him out of the carrier.Second , his face was smothered in my chest . I was constantly checking to make sure he could breathe.Third , when he was 2 1/2 months old his legs were being squeezed so tight in the leg opening that his feet looked like they were turning color and he 's not a huge baby . He was 12 lbs when I stopped using this product.When he was 3 Months old I got the Hip Hammock by Playtex ... Much better product . Very easy to get the baby in and out of without a struggle , it was a much better position for the baby -LRB- he could breathe -RRB- and I 've read other reviews of parents using it with children up to 2years old .
 I was determined to have a front carrier before my son was born so I could start using it right away . I went with this one instead of one of the better quality ones because of the price . What a mistake !! From the start , he hated it . It had NO support for his head at all . I stopped using it until he was about 6 weeks old when his head control was good enough for him to face out . If he could be patient enough for me to get him in the darn thing -LRB- rarely happened -RRB- then we 'd be ok for a while and he may even fall asleep . But getting him in and out of it was a huge ordeal . You have to mess with the sliding clasps on the sides , which are very durable , but it 's impossible to see them to open/close them because your baby is in the way !! It is so frustrating . You have to learn to do it blindly or lean over in weird ways to move your baby out of the way , risking dropping him/her on the floor . Not worth it !! And even when my little guy would fall asleep in the carrier , he would wake up because of the positioning of the hard scratchy straps that go RIGHT NEXT TO HIS FACE !! The material this carrier is made of is also very scratchy and leaves marks on my 3-month-old baby 's legs as well as causes him to overheat very quickly . So what to do ? Even if he 's peacefully asleep , he wo n't be after the ordeal of taking him out of this thing again . Baby Bjorn has a feature where you can just detach the baby and lay him/her down without disturbing their sleep , and it 's SO much easier to use and MUCH more comfortable for baby and mom/dad . Also , all the size adjustments are in the front so you can do it while wearing baby , not like this one where they are in the back and you either need help adjusting it or you need to keep taking it on and off adjusting it little by little . What a waste of time !! Bjorn is expensive but just get a gently used one for a fraction of the cost . I did and I 'm so glad for it !! I 'm getting rid of this piece of junk !!
 I would recommend spending the extra money on a Baby Bjorn if you 're going to be using this often . The Snugli is difficult to get the baby in and out of , and there are too many straps . Plus , you have to have someone help you buckle and tighten the straps because they 're in the back . The straps also do n't stay tight , and loosen as you walk around .
 I got Snuggli and Bjorn for my baby shower . I was planning on returning Bjorn to get my big $ $ $ back . But Snuggli was so difficult to use with all those straps and belts that my impatient baby had a fit every time . Baby Bjorn worked better .
 We received this carrier as a gift , so we did n't have much input on the selection . We liked the idea of it being a front or back carrier , however it just does n't seem to work with our bodies . Our daughter seemed to be carried with her head by my ear when I tried it as a front pack . The plastic side buckles to hold the child in place were not that secure , so when we used it we still held her for fear of them opening up - defeats the purpose of having your hands free ! We much rather use our FABULOUS Quattro tour system than this !!!
 I was given this item for my baby shower and I was so excited . I think I used it a total of 5 times and my son is now 21 months old and I have a 2 month old daughter and I gave the snugli away . I could n't put it on by myself cuz I could n't snap the back strap and without that snapped there was no supporting the carrier . I am now afraid to buy another more expensive front carrier because I disliked this one so much .
 When the -LRB- multiple -RRB- straps felt tight , there was at least a foot of extra strap on nearly every one ; cumbersome details I did not enjoy dealing with . Would not recommend for smaller women -LRB- around 5 ' 2 '' 110 lb -RRB- . As well , I always felt like my baby 's forehead was right at my chin , not lower . I have not used it as a back carrier , would probably like this better.My husband likes this carrier , he 's over 6 ' .
 We received this carrier as a shower gift and I was really excited about using it . I tried it a few weeks ago and could n't really figure it out ... -LRB- seemed really uncomfortable and ridiculously difficult to use -RRB- plus baby was too small at the time.I tried it again today ... I felt like the baby was totally in front of my face ... literally , I could n't see around her and it was not comfortable for either of us . My husband tried it , and he hated it even more than I did . Not well designed ... our baby hated it and it just seemed impossible for one person to put it on without assistance . We are taking it back to exchange it and pay the extra money for a baby bjorn .
 This was not usable at all for me with my newborn . It is complicated to put on and adjust , and my tiny baby was completely enveloped by it , and I did not feel she was very secure in it . I 'm sure this would be great for an older child , for travel , or being out and about , but for trying to hold a small baby while doing chores around the house -LRB- or anything else , for that matter -RRB- , this one 's a no-go .
 We registered for the Snuggli with our first child because it was much more economical than the Bjorn . Now with our second baby , I went out and purchased the Bjorn and it is far superior . The snuggli is cheaper but you get what you pay for . It offers little back support and numberous snaps and buckles that are a pain when handling an infant . The Bjorn is far superior - fabric is great and it is much easier to snap AND it offers excellent back support . I am usually a cheap skate but this is money well spent .
 I purchased this carrier for its backpack option . It is very difficult to get your baby into the carrier no matter which way you have them facing . I already own a Baby Bjorn , and for those of you planning on using this as a front carrier , spend the extra money and get the Baby Bjorn . It is so much easier to use and much more comfortable for you and the baby . These carriers in general try to mimic the Bjorn , but they dont come close.When evenflo says snugli , they mean it . your baby will be so close to you , that you will either both get a heat rash , or not be able to breathe . My son weighs 15 lbs and he is already uncomfortable in this carrier . I can not see how a baby of 26 lbs will fit comfortably in it . also , the straps that come over the shoulder block the baby 's view and if he/she falls asleep in the carrier , it will cut into their face . On top of being difficult to adjust , the straps also feel flimsy . For a smaller baby or one that likes being very close , this carrier is all right . For a larger baby or any baby for that matter , go with the Baby Bjorn . You wont regret it like I regret purchasing this carrier .
 This carrier is fine when compared to other similar -LRB- more expensive carriers such as baby Bjorn -RRB- . I used this one with my first child and it was fine until the baby got to about 15 pounds . Then it made my back hurt terribly . With baby # 2 , I found that there are much better ways to carry my baby.I now use a wrap -LRB- such as Moby or Ellaroo -RRB- almost exclusively . The wrap is so much more comfortable -LRB- both for me and baby -RRB- . I can carry my baby on my front , vertically or horizontally as well as on my back . I can carry my 2 year old -LRB- 30 pounds -RRB- on my front , back , or hip . The Moby is my absolute favorite for carrying an infant . I prefer a woven wrap such as the Ellaroo or Gypsy Mama Gauze wrap for a heavier/older child as well as for back carries . -LRB- They are also great for a baby , just not as `` cuddly '' as the Moby -RRB- . After a wrap , my second choice would be a Mei Tai -LRB- Asian Carrier -RRB- such as Scahi , Kozy , or Angelpack . These are a bit simpler to use and can also be used with infants as well as older children.Also , I 've read reports that `` hanging by the crotch '' may not be good for baby 's developing spine . With a wrap the baby can be positioned so that their back is better supported
 I have one of these snuglis and would n't recommend it to someone shopping for a carrier . It worked nicely in the beginning , when our son was tiny , but now that he is about 17 pounds -LRB- at 4 months -RRB- , it is cutting off the circulation in his legs and not comfortable on me . I am also not a fan of the way you get the child into the carrier , and in fact scratched my son 's tummy on the plastic piece where the peg slides in -LRB- talk about feeling like a horrible mom ! -RRB- while trying to get him into position . I am now researching Baby Bjorns because I 'd like a secure way to carry him around - it is fun to be able to carry him on walks sometimes , and in the grocery store it 's really convenient . If you 're shopping for a carrier , I 'd recommend you keep looking .
 This product is terrible . I tried it on once . My baby slid to the bottom and her face was completely covered . There are too many snaps and buckles . I got a sling from Hotslings instead . It works great and is MUCH LESS COMPLICATED . I found that when having a baby , keep it simple and LESS IS MORE . If you want a less complex way to carry your baby , go to www.hotslings.com and check them out .
 Maybe I 'm an idiot , but this thing is so clumsy to put on and off I just never use it . The way you need to maneuver yourself and your baby to use this thing is ridiculous . Also , the material is not soft and seems like it would scratch babies ' soft face skin . I would never buy another and return any I got as a gift immediately . Try it before you hbuy it !
 This carrier was not for us . It was awkward and difficult to use . My son was not comfortable in the carrier either . I exchanged it for the model below and love it ! It 's super easy to use and my son loves it !
 This carrier has been nice to use when I walk my dog or go shopping instead of bringing a stroller . The shoulder padding tends to slide around since they are not attached to the straps . When this does happen , the straps dig into my shoulder . Also , it took quite some time before my son was able to face forward . He could hold his head well enough long before he was tall enough to face forward , but my baby did n't mind facing me . Some similar carriers fold down by the babies face so they can face forward easier .
 Speaking specifically about the front-facing position -LRB- that is , a small infant facing inward -RRB- , I really hate this product . It is complicated to learn how to use , and very awkward to put on without someone 's assistance -- useless to me , since I need a carrier when I am home alone doing chores . It has very awkward side clips that are hard to fasten when the baby is loaded , resulting in an angry baby and an irritated parent . The strap that goes across the back is difficult to reach without help . Once the baby is loaded , her head bangs against your chest when you walk around . Every time I have tried to use it , I just get mad . Why on earth would someone design such an annoying and complicated product for use with an infant ?
 This carrier is way too bulky and a complete pain to put on . I registered for it after reading some favorable reviews but wish I did n't . I am going to try another brand . If your baby is small you have to pull all the straps so much that you have tons of things dangling all over the place . It is hard to get her in and out of it without major disruption to her , and no matter how I adjust it the left shoulder continually slips for me . It is also too small in the waist adjustment for my husband who is a pretty big guy . I thought the Bjorn carriers were overpriced but I am going to try another brand . Very disappointed .
 I am disappointed with this product . It is difficult to get baby in and out . While she seems ok when facing in , when we put her facing out it cut into her little chubby thighs at only 4 mos . old and cut off her circulation . Have n't tried any of the other carriers , but I prefer a sling to this one .
 This carrier was such a pain ! It has so many straps and adjustments that it was a project that required the help of my husband to put on and take off . Our son just looked uncomfortable in it and I was also uncomfortable with the skinny little shoulder straps . We attempted to use it a handful of times and each time gave up because it was uncomfortable.I tried some of the other brands that were more expensive but they were so much more comfortable they would have been well worth the extra money . In the end I did not purchase another carrier , but I would recomment either spending a little more on a higher quality carrier or not buying one at all .
 The neck support for the newborn position did n't like to stay put and my poor baby 's neck flopped around . Now that he is a little older and faces out , the neck support is support flap is supposed to tuck under , but it keeps getting in the way . Alex just chews on it when it does n't shimmy up over his eyes . I have n't tried it on my back yet . The whole system is a bit uncomfortable for me , but better than some I 've tried . If you lean forward just a little , the baby flops away from you , though . I must admit , I do n't know what I 'd do without it while watching both my baby and my sister 's 11-month old , though !
 I LOVED this until my daughter could face outwards . I know it says that the part that once supported the baby 's head goes down , but it does n't . I could not get the upper part out of her face when she was facing out . I had to fold it under the straps . Anyway , I returned it and got the other one by Snugli . I think it 's called the Comfort Vent . Much easier to figure out . Just my $ .02 .
 This carrier was so uncomfortable that our daughter cried when we put her in it . there is a stiff piece of fabric that the baby 's head rests on , while they face you , and it always left a big red line under he chin . it was very combersom to put on.spend the extra $ $ and get a baby bejorn . they too are tricky to put on , but so much more comfy for you and baby !
 Not Worked on my baby ... . he drinks plenty of water . . so obviously tooks more diapers at night times ... i was keep on changings 2 or 3 times every night ... it didnt set for babies who takes plenty of water
 These diapers leek up the back when my baby poops ! Then got to waste time and change her shirt with poop and whatever else the poop got on ! Annoying !!
 We switch to pampers for the savings but my son developed a terrible rash . After a week -LRB- treating him in the meantime with lotions , skin barriers and other topical creams -RRB- , we got back to Hughies and his rask got clearly better in a couple of days . We used pampers swadllers before wihtout any problems . I found in the internet other people with similar issues :[ ... -RSB- If your kid has allergies or delicate skin , I will say to do not use this diapers .
 I purchased these diapers thinking that Pampers is a good brand . These were terrible ! A tiny amount of pee would fill these and make them very tight . I will never buy again !
 I assumed since these are a well-known brand , that they would work well . They are the worst diapers I have ever used - pee leaks stright through them , ie if you do n't change the baby pretty often , their clothes will be soaked more than once a day . How am I going to use up these 200 + diapers ? Ugh .
 We have been purchasing Pampers Baby Dry through Amazon Prime Subscribe and Save . This last shipment of diapers were horrible . Pampers has lost our business . The diapers were paper thin and my 14 month old boy kept waking up soaked through . Leaving the bed soaking wet . Something is horribly wrong with these diapers . We will be changing to another brand ASAP .
 I purchased this pampers and I was giving it a try based on the reviews . After using the pampers for 3 weeks , my baby experienced Urinary Tract infection , and I do n't know how it happened . I went to my family doctor and the doctor recommended changing the diaper to other brand.I did more research regarding Pampers Baby Dry and there is also lawsuit against pampers.In short , I would NOT use this brand again . It costs me headache and pain for my baby .
 I was trying to save money by going with these instead of some of the natural diapers -LRB- a few cents more per diaper -RRB- but I quickly regretted it . I 've never had leaks with the natural diapers but these leaked every night . Little gooey balls came out of the diapers and stuck to my daughter 's skin whenever they got wet , which I did n't like either . I was so relieved when the natural diapers I ordered to replace these arrived , and I will never use these again !!
 The gel caps burst onto my baby 's skin . I will never buy pamapers again .
 I PURCHASED THESE 5 DAYS AGO AND HAD FREE `` 2-DAY SHIPPING '' AND HAVE STILL NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT . WE HAVE TWO BABIES AT HOME THAT ARE BOTH IN DIAPERS SO I WAS HOPING THIS WOULD BE CONVENIENT AND I PURCHASED THESE BECAUSE WE DO N'T LIVE CLOSE TO A CITY SO I WAS TRYING TO SAVE US A TRIP ... WHAT A MISTAKE !!!! VERY DISATISFIED WITH AMAZON !!
 When my son was a newborn , we used these diapers since we had been given some as a gift . We were happy with them , but when it came time to purchase them , he was a size 2 -LRB- at about 10 weeks -RRB- and our budget would n't allow us to buy these diapers , so we got Target 's `` Up & Up '' brand . These worked just fine and never had any issues with them.We got a coupon for 30 % off if we subscribed and that made the price the same as the Target diapers , and since we were pleased with them in NB size , we thought we 'd go ahead and get the bargain priced Pampers with Dry Max.While they definitely have a slimmer profile , it seemed that this made it harder to hold the pee in.First night , his clothes were wet in the morning -LRB- slept through the night , about 7 hours -RRB- due to the swollen diaper pulling away from his body , allowing the pee to escape . When changing him that morning , I noted how strong a smell of urine he had . -LRB- The Target diapers never seemed to emanate such an odor -RRB- I figured it was just a lot of pee that night.Over the next few days , I could n't help but notice that my son always smelled like pee . It seems that , even though the Dry Max may hold a decent amount of urine for such a slim diaper , the drawback is that the gel seems to magnify the urine odor.I do n't want my kid to be the kid who smells like pee :-RRB- so I am going to switch back to Target after these run out , even though the subscription brings the price to almost the same .
 Ok , so I read all about how the new Pampers are causing rashes and blisters , but I am such a die hard Pampers fan that I still asked for them at my baby shower after using them for my twins . My baby has n't had any issues with rashes or blisters so that is not a concern for us . What I did n't read about was how little these diapers actually hold when compared to the old Pampers . Take my comparison for instance . My baby girl is 2 1/2 months old now and sleeps ~ 10 to 12 hours per night without a diaper change . She weighs 14 lbs . I have a box of the old style Pampers Swaddlers -LRB- without dry max -RRB- in size 1-2 which I can barely get on her now -LRB- I bought a huge box so I am going to use them until I just ca n't get them fastened anymore !! -RRB- and a package of the Pampers Baby Dry size 2 which actually fit her much better for her size . Since the Baby Dry version boasts up to 12 hour protection right on the box I thought I would try it . When she woke up in the morning at about hour 8 ... she was completely soaked . I had to give her a bath because her outfit was soppy wet , her sheet was soppy wet , and her extra pad underneath was completely soaked . Enter the `` too small '' old style Pampers Swaddlers and she was dry without soaking through to her clothes after 12 hours . Granted the diaper was HUGE and heavy , but she was still dry.Since I really did love the Pampers brand , I thought maybe I would just have to use a different diaper at night and use the Baby Dry during the day . So , I tried it . She managed to poop completely out the leg and up the back and out of a brand new diaper within the first thirty minutes . Again ... I thought it was just a fluke and maybe I did n't have the diaper on right or she was positioned just right for it to happen so I tried again . The second one lasted a total of 45 minutes before we needed a new diaper and another new outfit . On outfit change number three , I decided that I would finally try out those Huggies Snugglers that someone gave me at my baby shower and I had been avoiding in my closet . Too bad we have stock in Proctor and Gamble rather than Kimberly-Clark because right now they are a MUCH superior diaper to the new Pampers .
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I used Pampers Baby Dry for my 2-year-old daughter with no problems . I started my youngest daughter on Swaddlers after she was born and when she started having leaks , we switched to Pampers Baby Dry diapers . They seemed okay at first , but then the leaks started again . She would leak out of the legs and would have blowouts out of the back . It was very frustrating for me . I know that the same diapers do n't work for all babies , and this was the case for us ! We 're now using Target 's Up & Up diapers with no issues !
 I love Pampers products and bought these with complete confidience but I was extremely disappointed.These diapers are awful , they do not hold anything and they caused my daughter to have a rash . I only wish I had bought Cruisers .
 First time I 've ever bought the Pampers brand and it was indeed a waste of money . I bought size 2 for my baby girl who is 13 1/2 pounds at almost 4 months old . The old size 1 's from Target were getting a little snug . The Pampers diapers fit her well but she leaks everywhere at night . We are talking after only 6 to 8 hours of sleeping though . Not the 12 hours Pamper guarantee 's . I am so upset with these diapers that I will be calling Pampers myself and doing a product complaint . I 'm not one to complain and I 've never written a review in my life but I felt I had to warn other parents.I have to change her twice in the middle of the night -LRB- when she wakes up for feedings -RRB- so she is n't soaked through by morning . I 'm pretty sure I 'm not doing anything different then other parents out there . My daughter is exclusively breastfed and pees just like any other baby . Also during the day it seems she only pees once or twice and the diapers look like they 're going to leak.I did subscribe and save with these diapers and I cancelled my subscription . I will be contacting Amazon back to return the second shipment I received . I ordered two boxes at once , lesson learned .
 We have always used Pampers for our little boy , despite the price , with great results . When I saw the lower price on the Baby Dry , I was thrilled to pieces and thought it would be a great buy . These are the worst diapers we have ever put on our child . I have to change him much more frequently , I have seen more `` soak through '' episodes -LRB- the best was on my lap , in the middle of church -RRB- , and he is clearly uncomfortable , pulling the diaper away from his skin . We have never had a problem with Swaddlers or Cruisers -- I say , stick with these .
 This is a worst diaper I ever used for my kids . I bought this just to try , because of its price . This diaper is like a tissue paper . easily tear
 Its not what is expected . I really did ` nt like Pampers Baby dry.I have been using Pampers Swaddlers dry max since my baby was born . I had no problem with it . It was really soft and feels good . But comparatively Pampers Baby dry is not good . It looks like plastic.By seeing the price i ust got fooled . . So Beware before purchasing this product .
 The fragrance on this product is egregiously intense . In fact , I tried to air twenty of them out in a closed room and the air in that room over a matter of days would make you light headed and naseus . Do n't buy them !
 Pampers are actually an okay brand of diaper , however I put one on my daughter with sensitive skin -LRB- and eczema -RRB- and she immediately broke out in a rash in every area the diaper touched ! I could not use the rest of the package and the rash took several days to go away . If your baby has sensitive skin at all , stay away from Pampers . Huggies work best .
 We bought this baby dry I think this is great mistake done by me . Its getting wet so soon . Before we were using cruisers but we thought why do n't we try this once . Never ever buy this pampers baby dry .
 They leak , they do NOT hold my daughter over through the night , they do not hold in the poop , they are thin and useless , and are loose around the leg after only an hour of wear . I opted for these instead of Huggies because I got a great deal on them ... I 'll never make that mistake again !
 use it as not using , the diaper even broke on the side ... . never buy it again !!!!! it make skin rash , . babd bad bad !!!
 i used ordered these because i thought they might have the netting in it and i heard those were good but they arnt they have like sand or something . they are just too bulky and i got size 2 because pampers cruisers size 3 were pretty big but these were too small . sxo i had to change her ALOT multiple times during the night so i gues i shoulda got a smaller pack to try out then to just go crazy and order the HUGE BULK lol but thats my fault . i like the pampers cruisers VERY SOFT . and nice .
 I just love Pampers Swaddlers and I 've used them for both babies . But these Pampers Baby-Dry sz 3 are just worthless ! Every little wee-wee just balloons the diaper and subsequent wee-wees leak out . Diaper gets `` full '' way too easily , then when we pick her up and hold her it squishes out -LRB- number 1 squeezes out and wets all of our clothes -RRB- . Just no good . Hubby does n't get upset at much , but he is just hugely frustrated about these . We 're going through 3x as many diapers , at least , as we did when using Huggies . So back to Huggies it is .
 These are the worst diapers that I have ever used . They leak after only 2-3 hours of use . If someone was to give me a case of these I would give them away . I have used no name brands that have stood up better than these . Do not waste your money on these diapers !
 We have yet to receive them ?? We are still waiting on this product to arrive . We typically are very happy .
 By the time when I wanted the size 3 diapers for my baby , Pampers swaddlers were not available and I had to buy these after reading the reviews . The problem with these are they do n't have the wet indicator and the baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on.It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the Swaddlers from now on . Hope this helps someone wondering which to buy Swaddlers or Baby Dry , DEFINITELY go with the SWADDLERS !! This is almost the one of the existing reviews .
 I useally buying dipers from amazon.com . However , the dipers on this box are looks like old . Also , I can see the brown spots on the surface . I really want to return it , but I already opened and used some . Check your diper all the time !!
 Be aware these diapers may cause an irritation on sensitive skin , to my son it was like he was burnt on his tummy , genitals and bottom . Each changing time was hell and cries like I was peeling off his skin . I switched for huggies natural cotton and evrything is fine now .
 I bought this product because it was less expensive than the Pampers Cruisers and I thought it might a comparable product . WRONG !! Simply picking up the product , you can tell it is n't made as well and has a more plastic feel to it . I only gave it 1 star because I could n't give it a `` 0 '' . By the next day , my son had a diaper rash like none I have ever seen . My husband and I have practically had to hog-tie him to put ointment on his bottom or even bathe him . He even cried when he was sitting . We switched back to Cruisers and he is healing , thankfully , but still has marks two weeks later . We will NEVER buy this product again . Do not walk , RUN from this product .
 We used Pampers swadlers and loved them . When we switched to size 4 we decided on Pampers Baby Dry . What a mistake ! Every morning we woke up to our son completely wet . These diapers do not hold enough water !
 Well these diapers are ok as far as soaking capacity goes and I did n't have any problem with leaks . Size is pretty accurate as well.My problem with these diapers is the green color on the inside -LRB- that touches baby 's skin -RRB- , with strong chemically smell . We got Pampers at hospital as well , and they had similar smell . But green on these makes them even more unappealing . After having used other brands and cloth diapers for a long time , I just could n't get past the smell and decided to cancel my subscription .
 The baby dry diapers left a rash on my baby . Not a diaper rash another kind of rash . I will never use these again .
 Pampers are good quality , pretty good protection against blowouts , etc. . But we have two complaints . First of all , there 's a mesh on the inside that sticks to baby 's bottom pretty consistently . Worse , for us , the `` dry '' part is because of chemicals in the diaper , which caused our baby to develop red , rashy skin very quickly . We 've since read that this is a common issue with Pampers , especially `` dry max '' . Overall , I would not recommend these to a friend . Huggies and others have worked far better for us .
 Props : - The diaper actually does a good job on dry out.Cons : - It is too thin to hold watery poop - It does not have a wetness indicator.Definitely not a good choice for new parents . I will probably buy it when the baby older than 6 months because it 's cheaper than others .
 My daughter has been using Pampers diapers since she was born . We tried Huggies size 4 , but they felt cheap and thin . Oh and it leaked everytime . So we went back to Pampers Cruisers . She is at size 5 now and I was wondering why Baby Dry was cheaper , so I decided to try a box . Baby Dry did n't do it 's diaper job . She has wet her car seat , chair so many times already having baby dry diapers on . We decided to go back to Cruisers . They were the best for my daughter . Pampers overnight for night time use were the best for her as well . Ofcourse there were occasional leaks , but it is minimum . Sometimes leaks happen , but at the minimum is okay .
 I am a dermatology practitioner and my own kids have sensitive or eczema prone skin - usually use sensitive pampers but out of stock-this diaper made my 12 month old break out within a day of using .
 It takes a lot for me to dislike a product , but these are terrible ! After a half hour the diaper would sag and look like it was extremely wet , when in reality there was hardly anything in it . They do n't seem to hold much before leaking , even doubling the diapers for overnight still does n't prevent leakage . Definitely , not something I will ever purchase again no matter how good the price is .
 We have a 5mo old baby boy and his 18pounds not 19 just yet . We just bought the # 3 on 3/5/12 . This size leaks everything!I rate # 3 A BIG ZERO . Do n't get us wrong we loved loved loved # 1 & 2 's maybe because it had the leak lock . # 3 is not made right . The plastic inside directs anything . . pee or poop right out . Our baby leaked both things from the back and around the thighs . OMG we had to change his entire outfit 4 times in one day.I wish we can get our money back but we threw the box in trash =-LRB- Diapers are expensive . Stores should have some sort of policy where parents can get their money back esp if they have not opened the 2nd pack and hardly used the 1st . I will keep you posted what happens and what we find that works for us . Good luck everyone
 I 've used Pampers Cruisers and Pull-ups and both work great ... but these Baby Dry Pampers are awful . They leak probably once a day . I 've never had this experience before with other diapers which hold the wetness much better . I will be shopping for a different kind . This is ridiculous , no way should they leak as much as they do ... very frustrating .
 I only used pampers for my son when he was first born because they fit so well and were extremely absorbable ! But after I lost my job I started buying the big boxes from Costco that are the kirkland brand diapers -LRB- which are basically the Huggies -RRB- . I purchased these because of the price at the time with free shipping and the price of gas it turned out to cost just as much as those did . Well I will not be using these diapers for him anymore ! They do not hold anything in ! He goes to bed with a new/fresh diaper every night and by the time he wakes up 8-10 hours later he is completely soaked through ! Never once did this happen with the Costco brand diapers ... or pull ups ! For 2 weeks now he has been soaking through every night and that is without liquids before bed ! No more Pampers for me !
 This is the worst diaper I ever tried . I used the fisher price brand or luvs , I saw this on sale and was mislead by the 12 hour overnight protection advertisement which turns out to be more like2 hours . Maybe that was a typo LOL . Seriously this is not worth a dime and do n't waste your money you will be wiping poop and peep of the floor in no time . They are no match for my 20 months old daughter
 Pampers changed their diapers and added a new material -LRB- or substance -RRB- that I can only guess is suppossed to absorb moisture . It is TERRIBLE !!! It has given my littlt guy the worst diaper rash . The first box of diapers I received was great . The fit was perfect and they were identical to the ones in the hospital . The next box was totally different with that new strip and they are just awful . Do not buy them unless they are without the strip -LRB- will be white in color and just have Sesame characters -RRB- . The ones with the strip are blue with sesame characters .
 The diapers were great . I made the mistake of signing up so Amazon would send me diapers every month . I canceled , because my child is know potty trained . Amazon still charged me for the month of October and I have been trying to get them to fix it for 5 days . Everyone keeps saying that my card did not get charged when it did . I ca n't find anyone that can take care of my issue and Customer Service does not seem to care .
 These diapers are TERRIBLE . I bought them , hoping that they would keep my daughter nice and dry all night long when she sleeps for 12 hours . When she woke up in the morning , her sleeper was wet and her skin was very wet as well , inside the diaper . The diaper did not keep her dry like it claimed it would . Her Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers kept her way drier then this diaper ! When she wears those all night , they soak up everything and her skin is still pretty dry the next morning . I will never use Baby Dry again .
 When my son wheres Pampers , the poop always rides up his back . I am very disappointed in these diapers and ca n't believe all the positive reviews . I gave it 2 stars because it does hold in pee alright for 3-4 hours max . These diapers do n't perform as well as Huggies Snug & Dry .
 I got these diapers because I had a coupon . Big mistake . It felt like it took forever for me to get through this one pack of diapers . I almost threw them out completely . They have hardly ANY tabs on the size so they are too tight on my little one . They are also pretty scratchy and not at all soft.I think the best diapers on the market are the swaddlers made by the same company .
 I had to return these . I bought 3 boxes , they 've only taken 1 back so far . These do n't have those flex tabs so they 're like those cheap Huggies . The picture is rather misleading .
 These diapers feel wet to the touch . I thought it was just me being crazy but then this morning I went to change my son after feeding him and the burp clothe I laid under him -LRB- so that if he has a blowout while im feeding him my work clothes wont get messed -RRB- was wet . I thought he just leaked but when I looked at his PJs they were wet in spots that were no where near the openings . I diaper had in essences split in different spots ! I wo n't be buying these again .
 I usually get Pampers BAby dry from Amazon for my son . And I always have been happy with this product , but not at this time . Surprisingly When I started to use product from this box for night time . It was leaking . At first I could not understand how this happen , because I always used this product before and never had any incident like that . Even though I was changing my son extra time during night and diaper was not really full , he would ended up in the wet bed . I realized it leaks when he sleeps on the side , but it not suppose to happen . I guess I just got defective box . I bought pampers cruisers for overnight use , and used baby dry only for day time . It is sad , but at this time the quality of product was not what I expected .
 I wanted to try this product for my baby girl . To my surprise , it was too small for her when compared with other brand level 1 diapers . I had to reorder my diapers again .
 After using a different type of Pampers , we purchased these . My 10 week old premie has had numerous blow-outs in these diapers . His clothes end up wet often and they feel much cheaper material than Pampers Swaddlers . I definitely wo n't purchase Baby Dry diapers again !
 We always bought members mark diapers -LRB- we were very happy with them -RRB- until we found out about amazon mom . So I thought pampers would be the best . Not so much . They 're flimsy diapers . They were always showing his booty and always leaking .
 The Pampers Baby Dry diapers seem to be leaking often even after a new diaper has been put on . I changed my son 's diaper and it leaked within 15 minutes on 2 occasions . They seem to fit him well and are soft and cute , but somehow are n't effective . I 'm sure that it 's like many products . They work extremly well for some , but for others , the product does not work .
 We tried a bunch of different diapers for our 2 month old . Huggies Natural , Pampers Swaddlers and Baby Dry , other Huggies and by far the most leaky diapers were Baby Dry . # 1 and # 2 never stayed in the diaper ! Right out the sides and back and all over me ... almost every time . Also , the absorbent core stuff would come out and stick to our baby 's skin . Swaddlers are absolutely fabulous and we 'll stick with those .
 Pampers Swaddlers were the best diapers when my son was a newborn , but we have found that all Pampers in sizes larger than 2 are awful ! I much prefer both the Target and Walgreens brands . Pampers leak every single time he wears them -LRB- he is 18 months now -RRB- so this leads to SO much more laundry ! I would NOT buy them again .
 The tabs on these diapers are not sticking . I loved the deal we got from Amazon , but for the entire first package in the box -LRB- there are three in one box -RRB- , the sticky tabs have been terrible . We are taping them with clear tape now , but it 's so hard to get the tape , rip it off , hope he does n't wriggle off the changing table , hold the defective diaper in place and hope it sticks long enough to grab the tape and that he stays still long enough to get it taped down ... then hope it 's not too loose or too tight so it does n't sag or leak or give him red , ridgy rings around his belly . I never appreciated a great diaper that works so much as I do now . To make it worse , I ca n't contact Amazon easily to let them know I 'm unhappy , and for the little we paid for this huge box , it does n't seem worth it to just return , pay shipping , wait for the refund ... we 'll just keep using tape , I guess . I 'm so bummed ... we 've never had a problem with Pampers or Huggies before , and I felt very relieved after reading horror stories and reviews a few have written . Now we have our own horror stories after a few incidents of defective diapers being filled with poop in ... areas of our house ... instead of ... on the baby , where it 's so much easier to clean ... I hope it will at least make for some funny stories , someday .
 I have bought baby dry diapers before and have been satisfied with it . But this time I ordered it from Amazon . The diapers tear when they are opened from prefolded packing . Sometimes I have even found that the gel or the stuff its made from has leaked . I am extremely dissapointed with this lot of diapers . Now on I 'd rather buy it from a store than order oline so its easier to return .
 We have LOVED Pampers - have used them exclusively for all 3 of our children until now . I just upped my almost two year old from Baby Dry 4 's to size 5 's , expecting no big change , just help with her volume increase . Something has definitely changed ! I first noticed a new chemical-like smell I never smelled with any previous Pampers Baby Dry . Then my daughter quickly developed a diaper rash . This child has never had a diaper rash a day in her life before this . I was still hesitant to believe it really could be the Pampers -LRB- they 're so great ! no leaks ! so cheap on Amazon ! I 've ALWAYS used them ! -RRB- , but finally bought some Seventh Generation diapers to try , and the diaper rash vanished . MAJOR BUMMER !!! Why ruin such a great product , P&G ? So sad to cancel my Subscribe & Save sub for these ... : - -LRB-
 These diapers do not work at all ! We had been using Pampers Swaddlers and they are great . Unfortunately , I saw that I could buy these for a few dollars cheaper and decided to try them out . They do not work . We have been using them for about a week and EVERY time my son has a poopy diaper , it 's a complete blow out . Even when he is upright , it somehow leaks out the top of the back of the diaper . We had been using the Swaddlers and only had one blow out in 4 months . Maybe these diapers work with older children with firmer stools , but they do not work at all for us at this age . Besides the constant blow outs , these diapers have a plastic , cheap feeling . Pampers should be ashamed to put their name on them . So , instead of saving a few dollars , I 'm now buying new diapers even when I have around 200 of these diapers left .
 When my son wheres Pampers , the poop always rides up his back . I am very disappointed in these diapers and ca n't believe all the positive reviews . I gave it 2 stars because it does hold in pee alright for 3-4 hours max . These diapers do n't perform as well as Huggies Snug & Dry .
 I have been using Baby Drys -LRB- via Amazon Mom -RRB- on my now 11 mo old for several months with no problems . There has been either an unannounced product change or a problem with this batch of diapers , as my child developed a severe diaper rash . The doctor confirmed it was a contact rash and the only recent change is this new box of diapers . Unfortunately , we 'll be switching brands for at least the time being.Despite this problem , Amazon 's customer service was great and promptly issued a refund for this product . I was pleased with the service .
 The only reason I gave these diapers 2 stars is because they prevent diaper rash if you are n't able to change a wet diaper right away . Otherwise they 're awful . The baby powder smell is overpowering and stinks up the baby as well as the baby 's clothes . They 're also leaky at night because of the lack of padding in the back , so if the baby lays on his or her back while sleeping , protection is unreliable . They do n't work for 12 hours at night like the package says . I 've used Pampers in 2 other countries -- Japan and the Philippines -- and the American ones are cheap looking and stinky like the ones sold in the Philippines but cost more than the Japanese ones . The Japanese ones are unscented , do n't leak at night , and are cheaper than the American ones sold in stores . The only good thing about buying them at Amazon is that you can get a better price on them , but in my opinion they 're not worth buying no matter how cheap .
 We usually use the huggies pure and natural , huggies snug and dry , and pampers swaddlers -LRB- both older type and the newer dry max -RRB- . We used another baby 's diapers which were these pampers baby dry , and my son got huge rash splotches in several areas . I had heard about parents complaining about rashes and thought it was only a concern for babies with sensitive skin , but in 10 months this was the first time my son got a rash from the diaper . Glad we do n't have a box of these around to throw out ! I ca n't comment on how effective the diapers are on wetness and containment since we do n't use them regularly .
 My daughter is 20 months old and the child of two of the whitest people you will ever meet -- Irish through and through and never a day of tan in our lives . Every time the doctor sees her the first words out of his mouth are `` SUNSCREEN ! '' . Naturally , she has sensitive skin -- any little thing will leave a mark on her . From the day she was born we used Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive . We moved on to Cruisers when she was old enough and getting around more . We have used Aquaphore every day of her life in conjunction with the cruisers . NICU nurses from a Cleveland Clinic hospital told us in a baby preparation class that Aquaphore is ALL they use and said we could use for as long as she 's in diapers . She 's 20 months old and has NEVER suffered a SINGLE diaper rash with Aquaphore and Pampers . Anyway , we tried the baby dry diapers and she woke up wet every time , or wet through during the day . We do n't have this problem with cruisers and she has never had a skin reaction to them . If we go too long or over `` water '' her she will wet through the diaper but that 's our fault -- I do n't think there 's a diaper on the market that wo n't fail in certain situations . We are generally pleased with these diapers . Maybe it 's the Aquaphore that protects her from the supposed harshness of these diapers but if my daughter did n't react with the Cruisers/Aquaphore combo , I ca n't imagine anyone else having a bad reaction .
 Baby dry was okay until my daughter 's poop got bigger ! It leaks ! We even have to change her pants and bodysuits everyday . I was very frustrated . Then I changed to Pampers Cruisers with Dry max which is a little bit expensive than this one . It worked perfectly !! No leaking and no washing of clothes any more !! But if your baby is not a big eater as my daughter , baby dry was okay . You just have to change often though .
 If you like smelling pee all day long , buy these diapers . Do n't get me wrong , I love pampers . I love Pampers swaddlers . We have been huge fans since day one in the NICU with the micro preemie pampers that were smaller than a credit card and still too big.Yes , these hold in the pee but good lord you smell it . With technology in diapers , spend a few more dollars and go with the swaddlers . If you buy them on amazon with the prime membership you 'll get a better deal .
 At your peril let your child fill one of these diapers eg during a long overnight sleep or nap ... The diapers literally explode and you will find bits of soaked absorbent material all over the place . These are not as absorbent as other leading brands and when they are wet they also feel wet on the outside . I expected so much more from pampers
 I originally bought these diapers for my daughter to wear at night . They leaked so badly that I could n't use them . My daughter would be soaked from her chest clear down to her socks . Of course she would wake up early . I had to wash all of her bedding and her jammies every night . You can imagine what the scene looked like when she pooped ! To get rid of this box of diapers , I used them during day use , but , again , the swaddlers worked better and seemed more comfortable for my daughter . The Baby Dry seemed very thin and very uncomfortable ... almost papery . Not good .
 We decided to try these diapers this go around . I made a big mistake by buying a huge pack ! Every morning our Son wakes up soak and wet from him peeing through the diaper . As a matter of fact it is 11:30 pm and he just woke up crying which he never does . We went back to check on him and his Jammies were soaked along with his bed . We will never purchase these diapers again ! We have always used the Pampers Swaddlers and we will be spending the extra money and staying with those .
 I purchased the Pampers Baby-Dry because it advertised that it would keep baby dry for up to 12 hours - it did n't keep her dry for even a 3 hour nap . For an entire week , every single time she would wake up wet - her clothes were wet , her bed was wet , we had to change the sheets twice a day and her clothes even more . It was a disaster . We went back to using Huggies , even though they were more expensive . The time and energy we took laundering and changing everything made the price for Huggies worth it and we have n't had a problem since we switched back to Huggies .
 These diapers have a weird high-cut fit , and our 2 1/2 year old has peed through them ENORMOUSLY both of the first two nights he wore them . Wet down to his feet . They just do n't seem to have enough absorbency for the job .
 I have been using these diapers for both of my girls for years . My last Subscribe and Save box landed on my doorstep last week and my 15 month old daughter has had welts and red hot rashes on her diaper area ever since . I hope that this does n't happen to anyone else and that whatever has changed is fixed quickly . For now I will switch to Seventh Generation.Last week I received my box on my doorstep and due to the new frustration free packaging , could n't open the box with my hands anymore due to all the tape on top of the box . This makes it a bit of a frustration , instead of less .
 We 've used Pampers diapers since our 7 month old was born . Once our son turned 6 months old , the diapers no longer came close to providing the absorption needed to keep him dry through the night . Without diaper issues , he is sleeping through the night . However , the diapers begin to leak around 2am and by the morning both he and his crib are saturated . The `` Dry Max '' technology is nothing more than a marketing gimic . It clearly does n't work and provides even less absorption capacity than the previous formulation . Save yourself the headache and buy a different brand .
 After hitting the end of the line with Pampers Swaddlers , which max out in a size 2-3 , we figured `` Baby Dry '' was the logical next step . * Every * time our daughter pooped it came right up the back and on to her outfit , her mother , the sofa -- you name it . She is right in the size range . We will * not * be buying this diaper again .
 These are THE worst diapers I have ever used . I have never had soooo many leaks , soaked through diapers , messes all over my son , in his 28 months of life , than I have with this pack of Pampers Diapers . I will never buy Pampers again & will share my opinion to others .
 I made the huge mistake of buying the baby dry after reading through the reviews . I thought that for the price , why not try them . What a huge mistake ! I should have just bought a smaller amount to try them first . Instead we have been using these for over a month now and I have had to clean up a poop spill at least every other day . My baby was 4 months old when we started using these and since she is not eating solids yet , the poop is pretty runny . The baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on . It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the Swaddlers from now on . Hope this helps someone wondering which to buy Swaddlers or Baby Dry , DEFINITELY go with the SWADDLERS !!
 I used to use the more expensive Pampers Cruisers but thought I 'd try the Baby-Dry to save some money . I bought a pack at a local store first to make sure the fit and performance was good . I liked them just fine . Nice stretchy tabs , much like the Cruisers . So I ordered from Amazon . I ordered three cases to take advantage of a promotion Amazon was running . But the diapers I received must be old stock , before Pampers put the `` flex '' stretchy sides on the Baby-Dry diapers . The older expiration dates on the Rewards code confirms this . Maybe they 've gotten rid of the old stock ; then those newer diapers would rate 4.5 stars . These non-flex diapers barely close to fit my baby whereas the flex ones were plenty big . It irks me that Amazon posts a picture of the `` flex '' diapers and delivers a different , inferior product .
 I love Pamper 's Swaddlers . I 've tried Huggies and both Pampers brands , and out of all of them Swaddlers are my favorite . That being said , the Baby Dry diapers are terrible . With Swaddlers you can adjust the fit , and the diapers are really soft . Baby Dry diapers feel like they 're recycled and and I really dislike the sticky waist straps . They 're shorter so you ca n't adjust the fit as easily , and the waist is always loose -- with a boy that 's a very bad idea because he tends to get his clothes wet through the TOP of the diaper instead of the sides now . I ca n't wait until we use these up because I will never buy Baby Dry again .
 I signed up for these with the subscription purchase because they were slightly cheaper than the Huggies . We are not happy with them at all . They do n't seem to hold as much , which is a problem for overnight . You also have to be careful how you position them on your child so they do n't leak . When I used swaddlers for my son as an infant , I thought this was a great brand , but the Baby Dry are definitely NOT of the same quality . We will continute to use these during the day until they are gone , but I will not by them again .
 These diapers work . They did n't leak . However , within 2 days of using them on our then 2 month old daughter , she had a diaper rash . We had previously been using the Huggies Little Snugglers -LRB- without any problems -RRB- . We took her out of the Pampers and the diaper rash cleared right away . Well , me not being one to waste money thought that maybe it was a coincidence that she got a diaper rash . No , it was n't . Once she was healed we waited a few days and tried the Pampers again , again she got a diaper rash . Needless to say we threw out the rest of the box . Poor baby , she was so uncomfortable.Not only did they cause her to have diaper rashes , but they also stink . The Huggies did not have an odor to them , but these smelled as though they were supposed to cover up a dirty diaper smell . I do n't know about you but adding extra chemicals to diaper for an infant seems crazy to me.Lastly , the diapers have a pretty rough texture , not something I would want to sit in and not something that I will ever put my daughter in again .
 My husband bought these by accident and I was glad to see them go . We normally use Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Baby-Dry do not come close to comparing.While using these , my daughter had a few accidents -LRB- I will be fair and say that a couple of those could have been as a result of human error -RRB- and they do not appear to be nearly as durable.Unfortunately , I would not feel comfortable recommending these ... spend the extra money and go for the Swaddlers .
 I loved swaddlers but they are only in small sizes so I moved to baby dry . Well with teething there is diarrhea and even when I ran to the changing table to change him after an audible bm it was on it 's way out of the top back of the diaper and the sides , also I bought them thinking they had the flexible side panels , which are wonderful because you do n't feel like your cutting off your babies circulation if you want them snug . I must have received an older box and it did not have the flexible sides . I have since switched to cruisers and love them .
 Do not buy diapers from Amazon . Your order will likely not ship unti lafter a couple of months or one fine day you will discover that your order has been cancelled because they ran out of stock . Not only that if your original order had multiple items on it and had qualified for free shipping they will charge you the shipping amount even though they are unable to fulfil this part of your order . I have voiced this concern strongly to CS and believe this is a false business practice they are following . If I were you I 'd stay away from diaper shopping at Amazon .
 It says they are 12 hour diapers but not so much . We use them as day only diapers and change frequently . I like the dry max much better .
 DO NOT BUYIt does the job capturing urine fine , but it does not stop 3-4-month old baby thing feces comming out over the top of a diaper in the backIn our case , every other time our baby boy had bowel movement we had to copmletely change his clothing because of the leakageProduct link
 I used swaddlers with my son when he was a newborn so I thought I would try these -LRB- he is 1 now -RRB- . After wearing them for not even two days he developed what I can only describe as a chemical burn . He was really red and when I wiped him I saw tiny drops of blood . He screamed so much and even screamed when I put his diaper back on . After I realized it had to be the new diapers I immediately took his diaper off and put on one of his old diapers and he seemed to be happier almost immediately . The diapers have a very strong scent . When they arrived I put them in our living room and I could smell them from across the room and I had n't even opened the box yet . I can only imagine this is what my son reacted to . I only used around 10-15 of the 144 diapers so I have emailed Pampers asking what I can do since I feel like I wasted all that money on diapers that ca n't be used . If your child is used to non-scented diapers I would not try these out . The scent is overwhelming and should have been the only warning I needed . Stupidly I still decided to try them out and now my poor baby is paying the price . If your child is fine wearing a certain brand of diapers then I suggest sticking to that brand . I definitely will now !
 I decided to make the change to pampers based on all the positive reviews from customers . It was a bad decision for my baby ! It gave my poor baby a really bad diaper rash from the chemical in the baby dry ! Maybe good diapers for others , but definitely not for my baby . I will be sticking with Huggies !
 We got a big box of `` baby dry '' from amazon . Our experience is that my son 's clothes are soaked with just a small amount of liquid . On the other hand , the `` swaddlers '' take on a ton of liquid and my son stays dry as a bone and so do his clothes . We are sending these back as defective and ordering more swaddlers .
 These diapers do not have a stretchy wastband . Poop frequently runs up my childs back !!! I will never use these diapers again because of all the extra laundry and mess they created for me .
 I have used pampers primarily since my son was born . THIS box has REALLY disappointed me !! More often than not the left side tab TEARS OFF as I am putting it on , which then makes the diaper USELESS !! I called pampers and they sent me a $ 5 coupon , BUT more than 50 of these diapers has been wasted !! I do n't think i will EVER order this again !!
 I do not recommend buying these . My son is 15 months and can only wear these about 2-3 hours before the diaper leaks and/or explodes open . The diapers have ripped open multiple times -LRB- even when the diaper is not even full -RRB- and all the absoprbent gel particles make a huge mess on our carpet . They do not work at night either . My son wakes up every morning drenched . Stay away from these ... However , Pampers Cruisers are great !
 its very bad diaper from Pampers . . It wont keep dry more than 2 hours . . during night i have to change my kids diaper 3 times . . thats being very worst thing.i bought new diaper for my kid . . i stop using this diaper . . i am totally unhappy with this pamper product .
 We found this diaper undependable . Leaky and ca n't take an average load -LRB- liquid or solid -RRB- . Difficult to manage the night shift , when his clothes and the sheets get wet.Prefer swaddlers any day .
 These diapers are simply awful . I mistakenly ordered 192 of them ! My poor son has woke up in the middle of the night absolutely soaked through . I will not purchase these again - sticking with the Cruisers from now on .
 I decided to try the cheaper Pampers Baby Dry instead of my usual Pampers Cruisers . I figured there could n't be much of a difference , but boy there sure was ! I HATE the Baby Dry diapers ! Every time my son urinates there is such a strong pee smell that I assume he has peed right through the diaper . However , I check him , and it 's not through the diaper - it just smells like it ! I ca n't stand that ! I 've never had a diaper perform like this one does . I WO N'T be ordering this kind again , that 's for sure !
 Rather flimsy construction , prone to leaks , with a distinct chemical smell when baby is wet -- I would n't buy these diapers again .
 We started out with Pampers Swaddlers from newborn to Size 2-3 which is the largest that they make . These were hands down the best diapers we have tried during the first year . After our daughter outgrew the Swaddlers we tried Pampers Cruisers and were a little disappointed , however the Cruisers did their job of keeping everything where it was supposed to be . I saw the reviews for Baby Dry and thought `` hey let 's try these and see if they are better than Cruisers '' BIG MISTAKE . We received the diapers yesterday and have already had multiple leaks and overflows . These diapers have almost no absorbency and need to be changed approximately every 2 hours for us . We made the mistake of using it overnight and the entire bed was soaking wet this morning.These diapers may work for some , however I ca n't believe that they would work for many considering how little they can hold . Buyer beware .
 I like Pampers Dry for almost everything , except the fastening tab . I had tried every way
 They caused diaper rash . I changed to Huggies and they were gone . We have used pampers over last 6 years for my kids but i will never use Baby - Dry again .
 Good deal for the price ? NNOOOOO , they are the worst diapers and they rip off -LRB- Literally the velcro Rips off every other time -RRB- and the diapers are so flimsy and can not hold anywhere near the cruisers . this is the first time I ever bought them thinking they should be ok as my son is old enough to go to some economical diapers . big mistake , from last two days we had 3 leaks and two diapers velcro ripped off while trying to put the diaper . Save your self some trouble and stay away from this diaper . still do ot understand how it got such high ratings , may be people may not have tried the cruisers .
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 Summary
 These are the worst diapers I 've ever used . I 'm a huge fan of Pampers and have used them with both of my children ; however , these were absolutely not worth the money ! Every single time my son had a dirty diaper it leaked everywhere !! I understand that diapers leak , but the Pampers Swaddlers I use with him almost never leak at all . I do n't recommend that anyone purchase these diapers .
 I decided to buy these diapers instead of the pampers sensitive , I was just trying to be economical , but it backfired . These diapers are a bit cheaper , but useless , they leek all the time , every time my baby girl poops they leek all over . I have to change her more often with these diapers , because they do n't have a good suction . -LRB- so much for economical -RRB- I was also disappointed to find that these diapers have a plastic around the edge , I imagine them to be so uncomfortable for my 4 months old baby , I 'm sure no baby/anyone would like to wear a plastic bag around them all day , unlike pamper sensitive , which are so soft inside and `` plastic free '' . The most annoying thing was , the size . Size two is like a size one from pampers sensitive.Everything about these diapers is wrong . I do n't know how other buyers gave these diapers high rating , maybe it 's different for baby boys.Once these diapers run out , I 'm definitely going back to pampers sensitive , specially now that i 'm saving with Amazon Mom 30 % , it 's worth every penny .
 Something in this brand gives my kid a rash . The rash is not wetness related , but seems to be from something in the band of the diaper .
 Pampers Baby Dry Size 2 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 246 CountI 'VE MADE A HUGE MISTAKE BUYING THESE DIAPERS . I thought it is a good deal and i can save some money . but when i received these pampers baby dry diapers i opened the box and i find out that all of them has a little tiny brown stain on the back . since it was the first time i got these diapers i guessed it shoud 've been this way so i put one on my 1 month and half baby girl . when it comes to change her diaper i was really shocked . her butt and all the diaper area was in terrible red color and she had the worst rash so far . i put several pastes and cream to treat it . it took almost 2 day to get rid of them finally . she had been using this particular diaper like for 2 hours and for this little time it caused this terrible reaction . i dont understand how can people sell such a product especially baby stuff has to be carefully examined . do not repeat my mistake . NEVER BUY these diapers !!!
 These are a great deal in terms of price , but I am very disappointed as these diapers leak bad ! And we are stuck with them now as there are 192 of them to go through . We 've never experienced such a problem with Huggies ... I do n't know what happened to Pampers , as they were better quality earlier . It seems that the Diaper is much thinner , and there is not enough of the filling to absorb the pee ...
 This are horrible for newborns . We had one on and not only did it leak through the diaper , but her clothes , blanket , and on to what she was sitting on . So gross . I wo n't buy these again . This is what I would expect from a cheap knockoff brand not a name brand . Do n't make the mistake of buying this for a newborn.They also do n't have the indicator strip , so you have to open to see which is frustrating for a newborn . Pay a little more for swaddlers or huggies because they are a waste of money . I 'm donating them to a shelter or something because we ca n't use these .
 I bought these thinking that there couldnt be that much of a difference between pampers and pampers swaddlers . I was wrong . The diapers just feel very cheaply made , the outside is a different material that is rough and the diapers seem to swallow up my 10lb baby . As for absorbancy , they are ok , better than the huggies and so far no accidents up the back , but I will not buy them again .
 This is not what i oredered , but this is the third time they continue to send them to me , dont know why
 Diaper did n't last through the night . My 2 year old woke up multiple times needing to be changed -LRB- totally unusual for him -RRB- . The gel beads inside the diaper became really cold when wet and the diper completely ripped open , allowing the wet , cold gel beads to spill all over the place . I 'm going back to my normal pampers and just getting the next size up -- hopefully that works .
 The diapers are super absorbent and do a great job . Half way through the bag , we noticed that the sticky tabs were n't sticky . The diapers were n't staying on . This could just be a bad batch of diapers with no sticky , but for the cost of diapers , I am not going to take a change on buying another set of diapers . We are sticking with the Pampers Cruisers - love them !
 not so great . She wanted to take it off every 2 seconds and it was a headache . I will be trying same brand different method .
 When my baby did # 2 they always leaked . I switched to pampers swaddlers and they are perfect . I ordered these by mistake to begin with .
 These diapers are terrible . They leak in the front , through the diaper ! How does that even happen ? My 6 month old needed a new one every two hours , otherwise it would leak and soak his clothes . Putting him in one for bedtime was a joke . 12 hours ? No way . We had to buy a case of Swaddlers for nighttime so he would n't soak his PJ 's at night . Do n't waste your money - get the Swaddlers , they 're fantastic !
 I 've been buying Pampers Baby Dry on Amazon for many months . The price is being increased every month on the same product with the same quantity . Unacceptable . I love the diapers , but will most likely be buying from somewhere else from now on .
 Started an order , which I never completed . Looked at my card and they had withheld the amount for the order , which I never completed ! Called them , and they confirm that I have n't placed an order , but they are unable to credit my account in another 10 days ! This was on a gift card!The customer service agent promised to take care of it first thing and he even stated that he was going to email me immediately the next morning . Two days later , after no email , I called and they have no idea of my issue , and we start over again with the talk about the 10 days . Noone seems to know why they 've taken over $ 200 from the card .
 I have used pampers cruisers consistently and mistakenly bought these baby dry ones this time around . It was a mistake . My 21-month old -LRB- 21 pounds -RRB- sleeps 12 hours a night and with these diapers in size 4 -LRB- up to 37 pounds -RRB- she wakes up with pee having soaked through the diaper onto her pajamas . She ever peed through the diaper on a 2 and a half hour flight . Not sure why they are called baby dry , but they sure do n't keep her dry at all . I just placed another order for the cruisers , but now I 'm stuck with 150 of these poor diapers too .
 Some of the diapers in the box had a strange stain on them ! Had to throw them out . What a waste . LM for Amazon to provide a refund .
 If we do n't change the diaper at least every 3 hours , there is a spill . So every morning when our daughter wakes up we have to wash everything in her bed . The jell in the diapers gets saturated so easily . Some of the jell has actually leaked out and given our daughter a break out on her tummy and legs . Not to mention everything else she has leaked on . The swadlers were the best . I should have just sticked with them .
 We usually put our baby in cloth diapers , but we do keep a stash of disposables on hand for trips and emergencies . I really wish pampers would go back to offering their usual ` cruiser ' style diapers without the baby-dry . Our child has had a bad reaction to them -- she gets diaper rash almost immediately .
 I like Pampers but the baby dry has got to go , it has no give to the sides and DD leaked through every one of them .
 I was very dissapointed in the quality of the last batch of pampers that I bought . 1/4 of the diapers fell apart as I was putting them on my daughter . I switched to Huggies because of this and have not bought any more pampers .
 BUYER BEWARE ! ! ! YES THE DIAPERS ARE GOOD BUT I RECEIVED THE DIAPERS WITH STAINS THEY LOOK LIKE DNA STAINS . SO I CALL THE COMPANY AND THEY INSTRUCT ME TO TROW THEM AWAY ALL 200 DIAPERS WOW . SO I WAIT IN THE MAIL FOR SOME COUPONS THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO SEND ME AND TURNS OUT I HAVE TO SPEND MORE MONEY IN ORDER TO GET THE DIAPERS I HAD ALREADY PAID FOR . SO I CALL COMPANY AGAIN AND THEY SEND ME MORE COUPONS TO REPLACE THE DIAPERS SO WHEN THE COUPONS GET HERE ITS ONLY ENOUGH COUPON TO PURCHASE 100 DIAPERS WOW THEY SCREWED ME FOR 100 DIAPERS SO I CALL THEM BACK AND THEY ASKED ME TO SHIP THEM BACK THE COUPONS SO THEY CAN SEND ME MORE COUPONS OK FINE ILL DO IT . SO I GO TO THE STORE TODAY AND I TRY TO GET REDEEM THE COUPON FOR THE DIAPERS I ALREADY PAID FOR AND NOW I AM FORCED TAXES FOR THE DIAPERS I ALREADY PAID FOR MY TAXES AND AM FORCED TO PAY AGAIN FOR WHAT I ORIGINALLY PAID FOR . . BAD BAD BAD EXP I AM SORRY I HAVE TO GO THRU ALL OF THIS VERY DEPRESSING . .
 This was the worst diaper product we ever purchased . Store brands are far better than this popular product . Probably because it was on sale ... Do not buy it if you care about your baby
 We have been using Pampers sensitive ever since my son was born . When he turned one year old , Pampers sensitive does n't work well during night time anymore and I was on a mission to find a good night-time diaper for him . I purchased Pampers Baby Dry -LRB- or should I call it Baby Wet ? -RRB- , all I can say is that it did n't work at all . We have to change diapers every 3 hours both in the day time and night time . Definitely a waste of money and we had to throw out half box of the unused ones.My 12-month-old boy usually sleeps through the whole night . It just hurt me so much when he was waken up by wet diapers and needed to take another 30 minutes to fall asleep again . Pampers Sensitive is the way to go for daytime , and for night time I happily found Huggies Overnite .
 I bought these as a `` night time '' diaper . Most of the time , they work great . However , if the diaper gets too full , they just burst and the absorbant material goes everywhere -LRB- about the consistency of little bits of tapioca -RRB- . It is very difficult to get all of it off of my daughter without giving her a bath , and I worry about what chemicals it might contain . This has probably happened three times in the last two months -LRB- only putting the diapers on at night -RRB- . I am going to stop using them now . As a note , my daughter weighs about 24 pounds , so we are on the low end of the weight range .
 The price was Great butThis was completely different from what I 'm used to . The diapers look different . And ever since I used one . . My baby suffers deA horrible rash . His skin peals off and it has gotten worst over time .
 This diaper is OK during the day . It is very thin , flimsy , feels really cheap , but it is sufficient to hold a medium-size mess during the day . However , it leaked all over every single night no matter what we tried . I would actually test different diapers every night , and this one would always have the most leaks all over . Cruisers did a bit better , Huggies did as well -LRB- actually as bad -RRB- as Cruisers ... but , still there were leaks every night ! If you are used to Swaddlers , be ready for a huge disappointment ! This diaper can not be used overnight . Our boy is 13 months and 24 lbs , and is long . Even tried a size bigger as it was suggested . Had to go back to Swaddlers ... size 4 -LRB- sensitive-the only type of Swaddlers in 4 -RRB- and no more leaks ! There are never any leaks with Swaddlers !!! Pampers Baby Dry is the worst Pampers diaper I have ever used !!
 My 5 month old never had diaper rash until she started using the Pampers baby dry -LRB- size 1 -RRB- she does n't even sleep for more than 4 hours at a time so she never sat in a diaper for much longer than that . I would never buy these again . In fact , we have tons leftover and I 'd rather waste the money than subject my baby to them .
 It gets soggy in no time and leaks out big time . The product has lost its quality . I will never buy it again .
 I would not recommend these diapers as they have a strong scent that irritate baby 's skin even if not the sensitive type .
 I have been using baby dry for a year with the subscribe of Amazon . All the past papers from size 3 to 5 are so good that I found the baby dry diaper is the best on market and Amazon did give great price for it.Lately , I got a box of diapers those are very different from what I used to have . The box size is 172 diapers instead of 156 , for which I guess it is the new packing , but should be the same product . Unfortunately , I was wrong . The diaper is very different . All the diapers give out so strong smells that gave me headache . The smell is like the bad play mat or some foam you could find in the cheap way . I then ordered a replacement , and the same thing happened . I have to return . And I guess I would not buy diapers on Amazon anymore .
 These have to be the worst diapers I have ever bought ! Waste of money , useless at night , they leak and smell after being worn for just a short period of time . Seventh Generation are by far the best I 've used and will continue to do so , do n't know what I was thinking buy these
 These are terrible for night use . We used them at night for a week , and they leaked at least half of the nights . Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive are much better .
 Tried pampers for the first time and it was size 5 . It 's very Thin and most of the time it leaks from the side when she poops .
 Pampers that I bought online are very poor quality than that are purchased from stores.Pampers Baby Dry Diapers Economy Pack Plus Size 4 192 Count-Jhansi
 it is small and uncomfortable . it can not compare with cruiser , not even Haggie .
 These diapers have a design flaw . When my baby has a BM , a small amount seeps through the diaper so I put two of these on so her clothes do not get messy .
 This may be a kid specific thing , but little man got a terrible rash shortly after switching to Pampers . AND , diaper tearing - resulting in pee crystals . A HUGE diaper pet peeve of mine . Back to Huggies we go . : -LRB-
 I liked these the best when my baby was 16 lbs . but now at 20lbs he leaks through every one of them in 2 hours or less . The 4 's fit a little too big and I know he 's almost ready but these are supposed to be good to 28lbs and they are not . I have almost an entire case of these that I am donating because I do n't trust them . Size 3 of Sam 's Club brand is working WAY better than these and cost less too .
 These diapers are great for pee -LRB- never leaks -RRB- , but terrible for poop -LRB- frequently leaks -RRB- . We 've been using these for the past 2 months -LRB- my daughter is now 4 .5 months , average size -RRB- . She is breastfed so her poop is really runny . Even if I literally run to change her as soon as I hear her poop , it still regularly squeezes up and out all over her back and clothes . Most days she messes her clothes at least once . I 'm going to try something else because this is just ridiculous -LRB- and gross ! -RRB- .
 I saw that Pampers had a good deal on subscribe and buy so I decided to try it out . Unfortunately it did not work out for us . We had a lot of leaky diapers . We have tried out Huggies and Kirkland brand diapers and are happy with those . My first preference would be Huggies and then Kirkland
 I 'm a little peeved I been using Pampers Nany-Dry for 2 Years , unannounced the company that makes Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers has made a major design change to Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers -LRB- they seem more like Huggies -RRB- - much more elastic , narrower straps and much less absorbent material . It 's hard to make it thru the night without a diaper change now !
 I was a Pampers lover , but not anymore . I used Pampers diaper more than three years for my first one and again for second one . But , it looks like the company makes thin diaper recently . As another mom says , `` if the diaper gets too full , they just burst and the absorbant material goes everywhere . '' I absolutely agree with her . Therefore , I cancelled subscription and changed to another brand .
 I recently purchased a case of diapers and noticed that there was a huge increase in the diapers I bought . Nothing has changed , but the list price was ~ $ 43 and increased to $ 51 within two months ! This is a overwhelming increase . I do n't know what is going on , but you can see the price comparison between other vendors that the Amazon price is significantly higher than Target or Babies R Us . With subscribe and save , it used to provide excellent savings , but now , I have to reevaluate and perhaps close my subscription ! Rethink and check out other vendors !
 I have been using pampers swaddlers with dry max since my twins were born and love them ! I can count on 1 hand the number of `` blow outs '' and leaks . I use subscribe and save and my item was unavailable for the previous purchase price . I decided to try these . I thought they also had dry max since they said baby dry . I am now having at least one leaky diaper every morning and have had 3 diapers I had to throw away because the tabs tore . This has never happened . My twins are one and in size 3 diapers . I have tried the cruisers which seem to be ok . I 'm not sure if it is just the lot I have or this line of diapers . I may have to go back to the cruisers since the swaddlers are not made in large sizes .
 I was expecting the usual prime 2 day delivery when I ordered this package of diapers over a week ago . I guess I have become so spoiled by Amazon 's 2 day delivery that I just expected it to be here , and have been anxiously awaiting its arrival everyday until I had to breakdown and go to Target for diapers yesterday to avoid a complete crises ... I will read the fine print next time or make sure I am getting the fast delivery schedule that I am expecting
 A little over a week of use , I noticed a bad diaper rash that rapidly progressed to blisters . They healed when I switched to a different diaper and broke out again when I tried to go back to using this diaper . I 'm giving two stars because pampers agreed to refund my money even though I was outside the week window to return them to Amazon and because according to Pampers , this is the same formula they have been using for 20 years , which means they were my favorite diapers for my daughter .
 Left my baby with a diaper rash after 2 days of use . I did n't suspect it was from the diapers at first until a couple weeks later I went to finish using up the package and her rash appeared again . I 'll never use pampers again .
 We started out with Swaddlers , then moved to Baby Dry at size 2 . At size 3 , we switched to Huggies . No Pampers diapers have elastic on the back waist , which just asks for a poo explosion up the back . We had SEVERAL , and I finally realized my friend 's diapers had elastic in the back so she did n't have this problem ! She had a generic store brand even ! I will never put a Pamper on my kid again because I do n't want his clothes stained .
 My babies got rashes near the diaper area . We used to buy it from Costco and my babies never had a problem but ever since we started getting it from Amazon ... they have been getting rashes everyday .
 I thought pampers were the best until I bought these . They are definitely economy . My son wet through them every time he slept . Size 2 should work fine for a 3 month old but these did not . I am back with huggies !
 I just received the pampers baby-dry diapers in 2007-04-30 , but guess what ? The exp . date is 2006-12-31 , as the other reviewer said , it 's old type , they do n't have the Caterpillar-Flex . I should send them back , but I do n't have time and my baby needs diapers now . I 'm very disapointed . They should check before they deliver .
 The baby dry diaper is not as good as swaddlers for leakage proof performance . It leaks quite frequently from the back side . One reason may be that my baby has some gas issue . But the swaddlers worked much better to prevent leakage by adding thicker layer on the back . I should have bought it even with the little additional cost . So be warned if you do not want to wash baby cloth that often .
 I have two main complaints :1 . These are not as absorbant as the pampers swaddlers , and since it 's a diaper , that 's pretty much its main task . I did n't experience any liquid leakage , but solids were problematic . Any more detailed description will probably prevent this review from being published ... 2 . These diapers do not have the wetness indicator lines that are found on the swaddlers . I did n't realize that those lines were so useful until I subscribed to these -LRB- used to get them at Target -RRB- . Anyway , these two reasons are sufficient for me to cancel my subscription after two shipments.This review is by no means related to Amazon 's subscription and shipping service . I think Amazon does a fantastic job with that . All shipments arrived before the stated arrival dates with no problems at all !
 I tried to save a buck and get the baby dry instead of my usual swaddlers ... Big mistake , I have ruined a bunch of outfits because # 2 rides up the back of these.Penny wise pound foolish , spend the extra few bucks and get the swaddlers .
 People kept telling me to try Pampers because they hold a lot of pee . We primarily use cloth diapers and our cloth diapers work well for nighttime -LRB- 11 hours -RRB- but sometimes I just hate waking up to that ammonia stink . I decided to try some different kinds of disposables to see if I could find a brand that would work all night without a change . We tried Seventh Generation and Nurtured by Nature , and they work off and on . I thought I would finally give some Pampers a try and see if the package was right . It says these are good for 12 hours . Not for us ! They leak worse than the chlorine-free disposables and stink like powder . My son 's closet -LRB- where these are stored -RRB- now has a stinky powdery smell . Some people might like this smell , but to me it smells bad . I decided to use them up by using them during the day and they gave my son a horrible rash.Never . Again .
 I do n't know if this a &#34; 2nds &#34; product . When the same product was bought at Target , the fit was great , no leaking , no blowouts . When bought through Amazon ... nothing but problems . The only reason delivery continued is because I forgot to terminate it , then my baby was on to a different size .
 I only used Swaddlers and Crusers since my baby was born . Recently I wanted to try the BabyDry because they were a little cheaper . This was a BIG mistake . The babydry do n't stay dry at all , especially not as long as 12 hours as advertised . It would stay dry for 4 hours maybe . These things leak -LRB- not overflow -RRB- ; that is it I sit my baby on my lap , after a while my pants will be wet . Moreover 90 % of the time the bed will be wet in the morning , unless the baby cries in the middle of the night and I use that occasion to change her.In the end these babydry diapers are MORE EXPENSIVE than the Cruisers due to the fact that I have to change my baby a lot more often . I will NOT buy these babydry diapers again .
 Our daughter is 6 months old and 19 lbs . She has been wearing these size 3 Pampers , and we wake up to exploded diapers many mornings , with little gel beads all over DD . I 'm switching to Huggies overnight , based on a co-worker 's recommendation .
 You can buy these cheaper at the babiesareus store -LRB- with mail/email coupons -RRB- Product itself is good , I am a pampers brand mom .
 I , like many other reviewers , fell into the trap of buying these because they were going for a great price . My son had been wearing Huggies size 3 , but I thought these might be worth a try . My husband and I now have a joke that our son has been crawling in the cobwebs again . These diapers fall apart and the fibers look like little spiderwebs hanging off his little bum . Sometimes we find our son plucking the `` webs '' off his diaper like someone plucking a chicken . I would not recommend these diapers , especially for active babies .
 I really want to like it . It is certainly better than the Huggies I bought before but the quality is no where close to the pamper 's cruiser we have been using . It is good if you knew you will change diaper frequently as it will hold just one pee then start to sag . I have n't run into any leaking issue yet as I now use it only when I knew my baby will not stay with it for long . We use it as temporary diaper that is why I still give it a two star rating . It is cheaper for more diapers , you get what you paid for .
 Buying Pampers or Huggies is flushing your money down the toilet . Luvs work just as well at a fraction of the cost .
 they did not let me leave comment on pampers size 5 not the baby dry but cruiser i just bought size five and there is NO MESH LINER ! I contacted pampers and this is their response : I 'm sorry for the confusion . Sometimes we try new features on our diapers which result in different versions being on store shelves at the same time . I understand your frustration since you 're not able to tell which package has the style you prefer , and I 'm sharing your feedback with the rest of our team.hmmm ... how about I want my MONEY BACK ?
 First this review does not have to do with Pampers quality ... . second , I can not believe that Amazon is selling this diapers for this price . Babies r us is much more expensive and they sell this package for 40 bucks . I do like Amazon but some items are extremely expensive . !!!!!! really really bad
 Hubby brought home these diapers because we were running really low and he could n't find the swaddlers that we normally use . I really wanted to give the diapers a chance and used them for a while , even after the first few blow-outs . There was leaking every single time . It just did n't seem to absorb anything at all . We 're back to using pampers Swaddlers again and I make sure we NEVER run low !!
 The diapers design has a big flaw and when we tie him up , those ties ups are of plastic and very think causing rash to infant son 's weights . I hate these diapers ... Thanks .
 The product which I received was different from other store.It was not soft and comfortable for baby as usual.I do n't know why the product was different from the previous ordered one.Worst product that I 've ever received .
 I purchased the next size up for my son for nighttime . I have never had a leak this badly before where it went up his chest and sides . I 'm going to try the Huggies nighttime diapers .
 good price , but stupid shippingthey could n't deliver this item , and the order returned.they refunded only part of money and i paid and i lost all saved money of online order because of this unexpected returnyou should be careful when ordering something online
 Amazon says the delivery is within 24 hours for diapers when you look at the item.After placing the order , it always gives the shipping date atleast 2 to 3 weeks after palcing order . You child may go the next size by the time you receive the box.Please order the next size if you ever order diapers from Amazon .
 I used this diaper for my 2 year old and once she urinated in it once it would sag half way down her leg . Also when I used them at night come morning they would smell so bad that her pajama pants and even sheets smelled of urine . The only reason I 'm giving it 2 stars is because they never leaked even when very full .
 I have used a wide variety of diapers -LRB- Huggies , Earth 's Best , Target -RRB- and these by far are the poorest quality . They have a low threshold as far as how much liquid it can hold before they start to leak . My daughter wakes up completely wet whenever she is wearing Pampers , but not when she 's wearing another brand . In addition , the tape on these diapers is not great , so the diaper often comes undone by itself , which can create quite a mess at an inopportune time .
 Most of the diapers ' strap are glued to diaper itself such a way that you can not use those diapers . I am just throwing away lots of diapers without using it ...
 I bought these based on the reviews and the price . Big mistake . I only get 6 hrs of `` dry '' time before my little one soaks through his clothes and leaves a big wet spot on the bed .
 I have two girls and a boy , when my daughters were in diapers I always used huggies , but when my son was born they did not keep him dry through the night so I switched to Pampers Baby Dry because that was the type of diaper that claimed to be best for boys , but it is not , my son leaks through all over his clothes and the person holding him and the diaper itself is nearly dry . It is as though the diaper can not absorb the pee fast enough . I would not recomend this product .
 My baby is n't 17lbs yet and these diapers were too small for her , and they say it is for 16 to 28 lbs . Plus , even though my baby sleeps through the night , when I used this diaper , she woke up at 2:30 am all WEAT . I called the Pampers costumer service and they offered me a $ 5 coupom ... yes , I could not believe it , at last they offered a $ 10 coupom , so I 'll still need to spend monwy on it ? I hopped to have at least a size 4 sent to me . Be carefull , those diapers can work for you , but be concious that whenever you need the costumer service they will not replace the diapers.Not buying Pampers agin ... by the way , seventh generation and Huggies are far better!Viviane
 Terrible poop control . Spills right out the sides and back . Absorbent for urine only , would not recommend this product . Swaddlers are much softer , and much more absorbent , I have not had any spillage events with swaddlers .
 I know many people swear by Pampers and I did find their fit to be very pleasing BUT both of my children had significant allergic reactions to the light scenting added to these diapers . For parents of babies with sensitive skin these may not be the diapers for you .
 I like the price and quantity in the package but I 'm noticing now that they are holding up overnight . I 've recently changed to a more absorbent diaper at night .
 Every single night my 11 month old daughter would wet through these diapers and get her sheets completely wet ! HORRIBLE buy in my opinion !
 These diapers are the worst . I bought them thinking that I would n't have any nighttime accidents & my son would wake up dry.Boy was I wrong ! Carson wakes up almost every morning with spoiled sheets.I use the Pampers Sensitive during the day , & thought that the Dry Max would make him feel more dry - but he wets his diaper almost every night!They are also not as soft as the Pampers Sensitive - which was a downside to the Dry Max diapers , too.I wish I would have gotten a smaller amount , not a box of 200 + . It was such a waste of my money . For a diaper that makes big promises , I am greatly disappointed .
 These diapers seem to have gone down hill fast with regards to quality . Over the past two packages -LRB- in a span of around 20 diapers -RRB- we have had two diapers burst open at night and deposit the inner crystals all over my toddler and his crib . A big mess and who knows the effects of the crystals ? Also , my son has NEVER had a diaper rash and now has a severe case . Pampers Baby Dry diapers has been a good value in the past but will never use again .
 I have bought four boxes of this product in the past year and had been very happy with it till this latest box . We had to throw away a number of the diapers because the elastic is loose and does n't conform to the baby 's thighs at all . The waistband also tears if the baby moves a lot . Very disappointed in the poor quality .
 I purchased these for my 7-month-old . They are supposed to keep your baby `` dry '' for up to 12 hours -LRB- box states -RRB- . I 'd put these on our baby at 9 p.m. By 4 a.m. they 'd be full to the point that they had wet his sleeper -LRB- so we 'd have to change his clothes at 4 a.m. which did not help our sleeping routine . -RRB- I would buy something else and not spend the money on Pampers again . I am now using Parent 's Choice diapers from Walmart and these work better for us .
 I thought Pampers were Pampers . I was so wrong . Pampers Dry Baby diapers are very thin and when soiled are completely saturated with waste . I change my baby about every 20-30 minutes when he 's up and these diapers are awful . Overnight they are not even close to adequate , they stink & leak up his back . Just do n't bother and get Swaddlers instead . 2 stars because I got them for 16 cents each with Amazon Mom . I now have 253 diapers to get rid of because I wanted to save some $ .
 I bought these because my 6 month old started leaking with her Pamper Swaddlers . These said that they were for overnight protection and would last 12 hours . When I opened the package I was surprised to see that these are thinner than Swaddlers and plastic feeling . I can handle that as long as I do n't have to clean urine off of my daughter , her pajamas , and her bed every morning . She sleeps 12 or so hours some nights , but still wakes up for a feeding on most nights . When she woke up after 7 hours for a feeding , her clothes were soaked . Very disappointing . Pick up a small package before you buy the value size to see if they work for you . These diapers did not work for my daughter .
 Since my baby was born I 've never put any other diaper on him BUT `` pampers '' brand . As a first time mom I wanted only the best for my baby , & since everyone claimed `` Pampers '' was the best , I went with the `` people 's choice '' . Sad to say , they 're a waste !!! My son is now 15 months & I 've had enough of the leaks & spills from the sides & even the top !! If it was n't for my mattress cover my bed would be ruined !!! Needless to say my laundry loads are more frequent from having to wash sheet sets after one day of freshly spreading the bed because of these damn pampers poor protection ! I am sooo annoyed ! I change my baby often ! I even change him while he 's asleep through the night to help avoid heavily soiled diapers -LRB- once at midnight & another around 4 am -RRB- & still by 7 am his bed or mine is soaked ! I am proud to say my baby has never encountered a rash yet so I know I 'm on top of keeping him dry ! There is no reason for this ! They serve its purpose for short periods of time , but by no means are they the best ! The only perk is the count in each box is better than most brands offer . Thankfully my son 's grandmother persuaded me to try Huggies , I was against it because I only wanted `` the best ! '' But I bit the bullet & tried a small pack ... needless to say I switched my `` Moms Save '' selection to Huggies & Pampers is NO longer my # 1 choice ! Good riddance !
 Honestly , the worst diapers I have ever bought . My LO 's woke up wet every night and lets just say several other things escaped the diapers when we were using them . I have used several other brands in the past and never had so much trouble . It was so bad that I even called Pampers to complain . Go with the Cruisers , they are much more absorbent .
 We have been purchasing diapers from Amazon for over a year now . Always loved the prices and the free 2 day shipping we got with Amazon Mom . We love pampers baby dry diapers , and we order a big box of 172 just about once a month for my son . The last box , the diapers started splitting at the sides and the gel was going everywhere . Trying to clean this stuff up was disgusting.Amazon 's great customer service sent us a new box in 2 days and a label to return the first one . We got the new box , and they were defective the same way , splitting at the sides . We have been using the same brand of diapers since my son was born and he is almost 2 now.Amazon gave us a refund and allowed us to return both of them . Amazon customer service was great but I am very disappointed that I can no longer trust buying our pampers baby dry diapers from Amazon . The customer service member said they were submitting a defective report to pull them off the site until the issue is resolved . My wife went to find the best deal on these diapers in town today .
 I liked pamper baby dry size 4 . So I tried size 5 and expected it to last long . However , the size 5 one is so much thinner than size 4 .
 I bought pampers baby dry for my new born . An absolute waste of money . Used only a few and i already hate them . Leaks , and becomes a wet cottony ball , and does not fit right will not suggest this to a friend ! And will not use then ever !!! I have the entire box just sitting and collecting dust !
 I have a two year old . We have been ordering this diaper for over a year now from Amazon . This last shipment has been very poor in that the sides rip everytime I try to `` fasten '' them across her legs/hips . I am very disappointed in the pampers product at this point . Over half of the current package opened has ended in this fashion . I am having second thoughts about my next shipment hoping it is not just the diapers Amazon ships for Pampers .
 I prefer the Pampers Swaddler , It was my mistake I got the wrong kind but had already placed my order and didnt realize that they were n't swaddler . Gave my poor baby a rash . These diapers are too thin for my baby . Not pleased at all
 I have used pampers for a lot of years but have always used cruisers . I tried the baby dry version and could n't be more disappointed . Just two diapersin and both were soiled through . Now I do n't know what to do with the other 190 !
 I understand that you ca n't avoid leaks all the time - babies move and diapers can bunch or gape . But we are dealing with leaky diapers on a daily basis and the leaks are consistently up the back , not through the leg holes . When I looked at how Pampers are constructed I realized why my 5mo old has been soaked in pee every day since we started using `` Baby Dry '' diapers . -LRB- She is 15lbs and we have been using size 2 . -RRB- If you look inside the diaper the rectangular absorbent pad goes all the way up the front , but there is virtually no coverage in the back . So there is no protection for when my daughter is lying down ; the pee simply runs up the back and soaks her clothes and sheets . This is particularly irritating at night because she loses at least an hour of sleep for every leaky diaper because she has to be undressed , wiped off , and dressed so she is WIDE awake . -LRB- And you KNOW how precious that nighttime sleep is . -RRB- Maybe it 's different with male babies but I ca n't imagine anyone is getting `` 12 hour protection '' with these stinkers . Either the makers of Pampers think babies only pee when sitting up , or they have discovered a great way for us to have to buy more diapers .
 I have always used huggies , but the price was great on these pampers and hospitals use them so I figured they must be great . First , they leak and separate when wet . I put them on my baby at night and he wakes up with wet clothes . When walking around the gell is saggy and it separates into sagging pockets . These diapers are of the same quality as a noname brand of diaper ... they really suck and I ca n't wait to get rid of them but its going slow since I ordered 192 of them !!!!!!!
 We tried Pampers Baby Dry on vacation and our had leaks at least once and up to four times per day ! Our one year old baby is a size 3 and does n't have any problems in swaddlers , cruisers or other store brand diapers . I could n't believe how leaky these were !
 I was not happy with pampers diapers . I was using huggies before and after I switched to pamper , there were more leakage accidents . Plus the side wings broke couple of time while putting on diapers . So overall I was not happy with the pampers this product . I had used pampers with my first child few years ago and they were fine .
 I purchased these baby dry thinking we could step up from the Pampers Swaddlers . I was wrong . I just assumed they would be as good as the swaddlers but they are not . My baby girl is 6 months and is an average baby ... not chunky or big -LRB- other reviews mentioned it may have an impact on the diaper -RRB- Here are my con 's : - do not absorb like I need them to . She is up one to two times per night and if I do n't change her at one of the feedings by morning she will be in a puddle and I will have to wash everything.-they are not nearly as soft as swaddlers . - when she is really wet the inside of the diaper will come apart and stick to her . . it is a stringy something that sticks to her legs.yuck.They really are fine during the day , it is at nap and night time that she seems to over flow out of the diaper . I will not order another box of these . I was honestly shocked that they were not better because I really love pampers . Oh well . live and learn .
 These diapers are awful and we 'll never get them again . They seemed thinner than the Huggies we normally buy , so I guess the only plus is that you can fit more in the diaper bag/in the basket on the changing table , but the positives end there . They leak like crazy - esp . when they get pretty full during naps/bedtime - we have to wake up our son to change him in the middle of the night so he does n't wake up in wet pajamas and a puddle in the morning . Also when they fill , they sag so terribly . Our toddler quickly learned he could easily reach in when they were saggy and mess with his poop if he had any . He also easily took them off , unlike the Huggies - probably because they were sagging and uncomfortable . Unfortunately we have 222 to get through ... ugh ...
 This baby dry diaper is supposed to be used for longer duration at nights . Out of the 5 diapers I have used , the gel balls from 2 of them burst and spread all over the house . I have been using the pampers swaddlers and the pampers cruisers but never had issues with them . I will never buy the pampers '' baby dry '' diapers again .
 I hate that these diapers sag ! My daughter weara them for about an hr and they are sagging and they leak . I will never buy these again ! Going back to Luvs . No leaks or saggy diapers !
 These diapers are junk ! I recently tried some Pampers again and they were terrible ! The tabs would rip off half the time and this would really make my husband disgruntled ! I told him Pampers are supposed to be the `` best '' in the diaper area ! He told me to stick with the Huggies ! Boys and girls , quality , price , Huggies are the way to go in our household ! I would not recommend these diapers for anyone , unless you like throwing unused daipers into the garbage can !
 I signed up with subscribe and save and receive a case of pampers every 2 months or more frequently . When i signed up i thought i was locking in my rate at the price given then and did notice that it fluctuated by a minimal amount . Now when i received my order once again i was disappointed to notice that the price went up a lot about $ 10 since I started ordering here . By now the price in not so cheap and i may buy elsewhere .
 Well I 'm not sure what Pampers has done but these baby dry diapers are awful . My son has been in Huggies for a long time and I thought we would give these a try since the price is a pretty good deal through Amazon . I 'm sorry I did . These are VERY thin diapers and the quality is extremely poor . These are definitely not the baby dry diapers I used on my older son a few years ago . These are completely white , no design at all . They used to have cute Sesame Street designs on them . The sides are not very stretchy and the diaper easily gets pushed down by clothing . We have had leaking at night because of this . Also , when the diaper has been on for a while -LRB- like at night -RRB- it 's like the diapers shreds a bit around the leg openings . I assume this is due to rubbing against clothing for extended periods of time . I will NOT be buying these again . I 'm sorry I bought such a big box since most of these will go to waste . Pampers Cruisers however , are great .
 I have a boy and this diapers are really bad for him and for me : - / . They are leaking all the time , even if it is a new not over wet diaper.Buy something else if you do n't want to wash the clothes many times a day !!!
 My sister gave us a package of Pampers baby-dry diapers so we decided to try one on a recent diaper change . These diapers are awful ! The sticky -LRB- not velcro -RRB- tabs do n't stretch and the diaper does n't fit as well as Swaddlers and bunch up between the legs . Are these made from recycled paper ? Pampers Baby-Dry & LUVS are basically the same diaper since they are both made by Proctor & Gamble and are both bargin brands . Stick with Swaddlers , Cruisers , or Huggies .
 I use Pampers during the day and have to switch to Huggies for our night diaper ... My son is 17 months and every other morning he wakes with a leaky diaper :o-LRB- Clothes soaked ... bed soaked ... I sent my last box back .
 Now I am sitting on a big box of diapers that do n't even fit my daughter anymore . Very disappointing since I thought that this would be a good deal .
 My oldest usually does good with her cruisers so I figured why not when i bought these for my youngest ! Every 30 minutes she 'd be soaked and on top of that , everytime she pooped she had blowouts ruining about 5 of her sleepers . I do not blame Amazon for this , but NEVER in my life will I buy babydry again !
 The Huggies Supreme diapers are the only diapers my wife and I will ever use ! They are quality diapers that never leak for our 2 kids under 2 . Plus , they do n't have any disgusting scent at all ! We have tried Pampers and Luvs , and not only do they leak , but they have the most horrendous scent - we had to throw them away!Trust me - Huggies diapers are worth the small amount of money more you will pay!Highly unrecommended 1 star review .
 I purchased a box of Pampers baby dry size 1 -LRB- 252 pcs -RRB- and found brown stained at the front of the diapers . Still have 2 unopened bags with brown stained .
 I purchased this kind of diapers from Amazon hoping this is the lowest price I can get . Obviously , it is cheaper with 30 % off but it is very bad quality . My wife has to change the diapers 2-3 hours because of the draining . I used to get the same one from Target and I was happy with it but for this one ? No . I would n't recommend any mom to purchase this item from Amazon .
 I bought these when they were a killer deal . I have a 4 month old and I have never used this brand before . BAD MISTAKE ! They ended up giving my little girl a burn-like rash on her bottom and I only used 2 of them . It took almost a week for it to go away after I switched back to huggies . It was NOT a diaper rash , it was way worse , it happened almost instantly after I started use . I would not recommend to anyone . After I returned these -LRB- can I just say Amazon has the best customer service EVER !!! -RRB- I read reviews of other moms on different websites and it seems like I am not the only one this has happened too .
 I have five your old and when he was a baby I swore by these diapers and hated all other brands . With my second child now two I used them for him as well and sometime about a year + ago they must have changed how they made them because he started developing a bad rash . I thought maybe it was a yeast infection or the diapers and took him to the doctor . The doctor said they make diapers pretty good now and did n't think that would be it and decided on a yeast infection . After giving him cream for it , it still did n't go away . I changed to a different brand of diapers in within days the rash was completely GONE !!! But I hated the ghetto diapers and switched back to Pampers . And within a couple days the rash was back . I realized it was in fact the diapers and threw the rest of the box away and switched to HUGGIES ! I 've never been happier . I had my 3rd baby 2 months ago and it 's all about the HUGGIES . Do n't waste your money on these terrible diapers . Not only do the Pampers leave rashes but the diapers when wet let the `` liquid '' :-RRB- leak threw . They are awful ! I ca n't tell you enough . Stick to a different brand , and return any Pampers diapers you got as gifts for baby showers so you do n't have to deal with an unhappy baby !
 These diapers are horrible ! I 've had 3 in the last 2 days leak . I should have just gone with Swaddlers . The sad thing is I have 246 diapers to use , with the potential of them leaking again ! They also have a horrible smell . It 's supposed to smell clean or fresh , but it just does n't . It 's too strong . The smell I can get over , but the leaking I can not . You can see where it will leak since the blue lining with all the absorbency does n't even go all the way to the edge .
 I ordered these after my baby grew out of Swaddlers which do n't come in a size 4 . Swaddlers were amazing ! These are terrible . She leaked with every poop and had to be changed many more times during the day . I changed to cruisers and am once again happy with Pampers . I would definitely recommend cruisers !
 I 've been using the Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive for almost 6 months because my 22 month old kept getting bad rashes from Huggies Little Movers . I LOVED the swaddlers , but sadly , they only go up to size 4 and were getting much too small . So I just switched to Baby Dry and I am so unimpressed . Dry for 12 hours my ass ! Excuse my french , but seriously , these DO NOT stay dry for even close to 12 hours . Maybe if your kid never drinks water , milk , juice or any liquid for that matter , then you 're in the clear . Okay , I ca n't continue to down Pampers , because I do love them , but the Swaddlers & Huggies Little Movers held more pee than these . My child drinks a bottle of mixed milk & water at nap time . The Swaddlers always held all the pee for the entire duration of the nap . With the Baby Dry , I 'm scared I 'll have to change the sheets everyday ! Since I 've had these , -LRB- roughly one week , with maybe 6-8 diaper changes a day -RRB- , they have leaked 50 % more of the time than any other diaper I 've used . I recommend using Huggies Goodnights at night time , they are warriors ! The only thing I really love about Baby Dry is , the diapers are softer than Huggies and very thin . But I 'd rather them be thick and hold more pee ! Oh well . . time for another diaper switcharoo !
 I use these for my son , at night since he is potty trained during the day ! He has woken up wet , WAY too many times , which means he is wet AND his bed ! This has NEVER happened with Luvs ... they are SOO much better of a diaper and cheaper too ! All pamper has going for them is their name !
 I decided to try these diapers instead of the swaddlers to save a few dollars . Needless to say that was a mistake . They claim to keep baby dry for up to 12 hours . My little one ca n't use these to sleep through the night -LRB- 6 hours -RRB- . I do n't recommend these at all . Spend a few extra dollars on the swaddlers , you 'll make your money back on the $ saved on extra laundry they cause because they leak .
 We use a lot of diapers and frequently go back and forth between Pampers and Huggies as our child grows . Our 18 month-old son definitely wears size 4 but this version of Pampers seems slightly too small . Worse , the stick-on flaps are much less sticky than most diapers we use . Several times his diaper has actually come loose because the flap unsticks during the night resulting in a wet boy . Not sure if this was just a bad batch or there is something different with this particular model . We have not had problems with other Pampers in the past .
 Placed an order on 09/08/04 , today is 10/08/04 . I 've been waiting for 1 month already and it still has not been shipped !!! Are you challenging the customers ' patience ???
 I have been using Pampers cruisers with both of my kids , and never had any problems . But recently decided to try baby-dry diapers , and now very dissapointed that I even decided to try . For the last few nights my little girl woke up crying , because she was wet from head to toes . Baby-dry diapers are fine for daycares where the child is changed every hour , but they are horrible for the night time . I would never buy them again !
 Great Diapers.As of December 2004 -- Shipping is no longer a problem . Ships out within a couple of days , and received with in ten . Free shipping . Got ta love that.Give 5 stars , but unable to edit the stars -- only the review .
 I ve always been a pampers user . . used cruisers size 5 for my son 2 yrs old and 32 lbs and they were great at daytime and used huggies overnight at bedtime ... my husband got a giant box of these by mistake from a store , they were cheaper so I decided to give them a try . . BAD DECISION . . not soft at all and they leak after one hour of wearing them , terrible . . and they are smaller than cruisers so they do n't fit well . . DO NOT BUY
 I have been using Pampers Cruisers for the longest . One night I ran out and I had to run to the store to buy some more . They did not have the Cruisers but instead had these . I purchased them thinking if I had as much success with the Cruisers then these should not be much different from those . W R O N G !! I could n't wait to get rid of these !! EVERY Morning my son would be soaked through the diaper , sheets all wet , and very smelly ! These hardly hold anything through the night ! The name is not fitting what so ever ! I actually ca n't believe that Pampers would even put their name on something like this ! The diaper is thin , cheap , and honestly a headache ! If you want something that is guaranteed to hold through the night , without any of these problems , go with the Pampers Cruisers ! Because these right here are a total waste of money , manufacturing , and time ! Major Fail !!!
 My daughter bought these diapers for her son , my grandson , thinking that they would be better than other diapers because of the Pampers name brand . We BOTH regret this purchase ! These diapers definitely do not last all night . I give them no more than 3 hours ! Needless to say , we will be sticking to Luvs diapers . Not only are they more affordable , but they are RELIABLE !
 We use a different variety of Pampers diapers on monthly delivery . We were running short and bought a box of these `` Baby Dry . '' For some reason , they do not work at all . They leak through the legs .
 We ran out of Earths Best and so I got some of these at Walgreens to hold us over . I am simply shocked that these diapers leak very badly over half the time . I was expecting these to perform better than Earths Best simply because they 've been in business for so much longer and can use all the fancy chemicals . That was not the case at all . I ca n't believe these diapers are still on the market . It 's like they have holes in them . Our son does like the Elmo image , though .
 I bought these because I needed some diaper for when my daughter goes to great grandmas -LRB- or else my cloth diapers end up in the trash ... -RRB- and they LEAKED EVERYWHERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Granted my daughter is a heavy wetter but these say 12 hours !!!! And they smell HORRID !!!! The poo went everywhere . I have NEVER had a leak in my cloth diapers . NEVER . 7 months so I was just used to packing her diapers and not spare clothes so I had to come home from work to get her . Last time I EVER use Pampers again . Everyone told me they were great . YEAH RIGHT !!! I wish I could give them a zero .
 I decided to try the Pampers Dry instead of our usual Pampers Swaddlers in hopes of keeping my son more comfortable overnight , because he sleeps 8-10 hours . Huge mistake ! These diapers made him more uncomfortable . He has huge sores on his bottom from these diapers . The sores developed in a little more that 24 hours of use . It started as redness and then turned into sores . At 6 months old , he has never had an issue with redness or even had diaper rash . I feel so bad for switching . Beware .
 I 've used Huggies and Pampers and settled on Pampers . I loved the Swaddlers and the Cruisers were pretty good . I accidentally ordered these instead of the Cruisers and did n't know that until we pulled these out . They are smaller than the same size in Cruisers , thinner and my son leaks overnight even if his diapers was changed at 3 or 4 a.m. if he 's not changed every 1-2 hours ! Ridiculous . Do not waste your money . Do not buy .
 This is good diaper for a day time only . Suppose to be able to keep baby dry for 12 hours , but this is not true . My 1 year old son wears size 4 , goes to sleep at 7 pm and wakes up at 6 am-there was leak every morning ! I started to change him in the middle of the night when he wakes up for food and still leaking . There is something about the fitting , that when baby is moving it does n't hold wetness well.I started to use a bit more expensive Pampers Cruisers and Pampers extra Protection Overnight and they are 100 % dry . They hold a lot for baby 's pee , I never had an accident with these.So I give 2 stars because Pampers Baby Dry are ok diapers but definitely not 12 hours as they claim.I found out that it is better to upgrade the size of diapers when baby reaches the weight that is in the middle of the bracket . Example
 I have been using the Pampers Swaddlers for 8 months but decided to try the `` Baby Dry '' because of the reviews and price . What a mistake !!! Do not get these . Every morning , my son wakes up completely wet ... leaving the sheets & mattress cover wet too . When the diaper gets wet , the moisture does not lock away from the baby ... and the diaper gets weighed down . They are awful ! I just wish I did n't order the 222 count . I am stuck with these for awhile .
 I first tried these when my son was 4 weeks old . Pampers SWADDLERS are MUCH better . I bought a huge package of these and I wish I had n't . First of all they always leak . My son will fill up one of these diapers in no time and he always leaks pee out the sides and up his back . Second , because they do n't hold much liquid , his poops also spill out . They leak poop up his back and around his legs -LRB- and he does not have skinny legs . He was born 9 pounds . -RRB- The diapers are n't that soft either and they have caused my son to get diaper rash . I assume its due to the fact that they 're not very absorbent and that they 're not that soft . I absolutely hate these diapers . I usually like Pampers brand , but I have huggies and Luvs diapers that I like better than these . I plan to just send them to his daycare and let them deal with them and I 'll use diapers I like better at home .
 I used them just for a few days . i bought a big box and put them on craigslist for baby dry lovers . but i will not recommend any one to usethem . Every time i had to change layers of clothing with diaper . bad on laundry budget .
 This is the worst diaper I have used out of all the different brand of pampers . Just because it is more in quantity does n't mean it is a good quality . I am not ready to more on yet , so I am giving the pampers cruiser a try before I make a final decision to move to another brand of diapers . I am hoping we can still continue to do business , since I have being using this brand for 8 years for all my children .
 I like to try different diapers but my favorite brand is Luvs , -LRB- which work really great despite what most people think -RRB- . Pampers Baby Dry did not work for us at all . Our 13 month old daughter had never had diaper irritation or a diaper rash until we used these diapers for one week . They actually made her raw in one spot , the poor thing . I treated it with Aquaphor Baby Ointment and went back to Luvs and the diaper rash cleared up immediately.These diapers also leak around her inner thighs , and they develop a nasty smell when there is pee or poop in the diaper . I can smell it when I walk into my daughter 's nursery after she has woken up from a nap and peed or pooped in her diaper . It smells really bad compared to other diapers I have used.I have also used the Pampers Extra Protection during the night since she sleeps for 12 hours , however we did n't have any trouble with rashes using those , but she did have leaks 1-2x a week . For a bedtime diaper , I prefer Fisher Price Night Diapers .
 When my baby sleeps 12 hours , her diaper is wet . It also leaked a few times . Also , on the subscribe and save with Amazon , the price almost doubled within the past 2 months . I got the box for less than $ 20 in April and now it it over $ 35 . I will check somewhere else for better deals .
 I moved my daughter up from a size 1 Pampers Sensitive to the size 2 Baby Dry . The diapers are the exact same size . We have a blow-out every BM . I am so mad right now . How can the sizing be so off ? I am stuck with two big boxes now of diapers I can not use .
 My almost-5-month-old has never had any diaper other than a Pampers diaper on his body ! I swear by Pampers!But , even though they are less expensive , the Baby Dry type are not worth it ! I found them cheap looking and feeling -LRB- they could have been mistaken for a store brand . -RRB- The absorbancy in the seat of the diaper was so bad , my son would wake up from a short nap and the seat of his outfit would be wet -LRB- there was not a fit issue , he was the correct weight for the size I bought , and the leakage was not from the top of the back or sides of the diaper , but literally from the seat . -RRB- From now on , I will definitely stick with the Pampers Swaddlers type .
 this is one of the worst diapers we ever used . We have been using Papmers Sensitive and thought we will try this . Nothing is staying in this diaper.even for a small leak , it becomes very wet and we end up changing the diaper ... and when she takes a poop , it just literally overflows . will never buy this again .
 We only used 5 of these diapers with our newborn , and we had problems with 4 of the diapers . Two leaked poop or urine . One had the fastner break . One had the fastener repeatedly detach.We had no problems with Pampers Swaddlers , so we will switch back to that diaper type . Perhaps , this diaper type will work better at the higher size .
 I bought these diapers after using the pampers swaddlers and these are the worst diapers ever ! The smell of urine seeps through the diapers . Also , they do not absorb at all ... not worth the savings !
 I 'm a first time mom of a baby boy . I 've tried many different kinds of diapers on my son . Pamper 's Baby Dry are the worst I 've used . They do n't hold much at all ! I 've been lucky and my little man sleeps through the night , but these diapers ca n't stand up to that -LRB- even when he was only 2 months old -RRB- ! Every night they leaked . I could n't stand it . I had to buy a different kind of diaper to use at night time until that package of baby dry was gone . My favorite diapers have to be either Pamper 's Swaddlers , or Huggies Supreme Natural Fit . The only thing is , the Huggies seem to run a little bit smaller than the Pampers .
 I used Pampers exclusively for the first year of my son 's life and loved them -LRB- Swaddlers , then Cruisers -RRB- . I stopped using them when they added the Dry-Max , because I heard so many bad things about it . I switched to Up & Up , which I like a lot . I was afraid my baby would have a bad reaction to the Dry-Max . I was under the impression that Baby-Dry did n't have the Dry-max in it . It does n't say dry-max on the box , anyhow . I got a great deal on a huge box , so I decided to try them . I started using them on Monday , and by Wednesday my son 's behind was broke out and inflamed . So now I have 130 + diapers I wo n't use . Of course , not everyone will have the same problem . But I 've tried several brands
 These diapers fell apart and left a huge mess of falling apart diaper . I now know I need to use a different kind for overnight but then they should n't be advertised as baby dry .
 Where do I start , how about I hate these diapers !! This gel stuff leaks out of them , all the time . They do n't last long on active babies . Not to mention that I have to clean up leakage . Try another brand please !!
 I purchased 204 Pampers Baby Dry Diapers . They are different from ones I have bought in the past . The first week we used them , my 10 month old son peed through his diaper two nights -LRB- which he had never done previously -RRB- in the middle of the night . They are thin and do not stand up to wetness the way other pampers do . Now I have to go out and buy night diapers to get through all these diapers . I will never buy these again .
 When I had my son 8 years ago , I swore by Pampers . They were the only brand I used . I recently tried them for my one year old daughter after using another brand and in just one week I can not believe the amount of leaks we have had !! She is constantly soaking right through them . They sag in the back with only a small amount of liquid in them . My husband is begging me to go back to our old brand , which I am promptly going to do . I do n't know if these diapers work better on boys than on girls or if they have just changed them . I HATE them ! Terrible .
 I have to believe we got a defective lot , but the right hand side adhesive tab tears itself free on about 2 out of 3 diapers that we put on our newborn -- after the diaper is on the baby and her clothes are buttoned up . We have resorted to medical tape to hold the diapers together . This is our 3rd child , so we 're pretty sure we are n't trying to put them on too tight .
 The material in these Pampers are supposed to make them thinner but more absorbent . It seems to good to be true , and I think it is . The diapers are indeed thinner and more flexible than the older Pampers and other brands . They are less bulky on baby , which is nice aesthetically and probably comfort-wise for baby . But I have not been impressed by these diapers ' absorbency or leak prevention . Since I started using these , my baby has woken up from naps with pee leaks on her tummy -LRB- she sleeps on her stomach -RRB- . This did not used to happen . With these diapers , I have to be sure to change them very frequently or she will have a leak . Not that I advocate leaving wet diapers on babies for long periods of time , but these diapers just do n't seem to cut you any slack on forgetting to watch the clock . I would n't dare use these overnight , I 'm sure my daughter would be swimming in pee in the morning if I did . I use the Huggies Overnights for bedtime and they keep it all in for 11 hours at a time.I 've also found that this thinner design just feels flimsy to me . I 've felt like the diapers feel wet on the outside much much sooner than they should . And I guess this is a good thing - but it is very hard to tell when there is liquid in them because they do n't seem to `` change '' much when they get wet , like some other diapers . I think I actually prefer a little diaper swelling just so I know by touch that is is time to change.I guess I do n't see that these diapers offer any advantage over other brands , unless you really hate how bulky other diapers are . I , for one , just want my diapers to hold in baby waste effectively , and I feel that these do n't do as good of a job of that as others . I 'm going to go back to using Huggies .
 I am so disappointed in these diapers . They are cheap and plasticy feeling . Also , They are not absorbant at all . I thought all Pampers diapers were wonderful until these . I wish I could get my money back because I cenrtainly will not be using the rest of them . I am on the subscribe and save and these are the only ones I can get for size 2 .
 We did n't like these AT ALL . I am a big fan of swaddlers , and these are nothing like the soft , meshy swaddlers . These are crunchy and thin like store-brand diapers . With swaddlers I could easily let my 3 month old go overnight without a diaper change , but these leaked all over the front of me when I picked him up in the morning . Hated them .
 They are OK diapers . We have always bought Huggies , and after using these diapers , are firmly believe in Huggies . These get full too quickly and then becomes very very hard to deal with . Our duaghter was n't comfortable in these either , and constantly complained .
 Same story here ! I have been using Pampers Swaddlers for a while before buying this after reading through the reviews . What a huge mistake ! It never keeps my 4 month old baby dry , I have to keep changing it as soon as he pees . I 'll never buy it again !!!
 I do n't normally write reviews unless I feel strongly about them , positive or negative . I feel so strongly negative about Pampers Baby Dry that I felt compelled to write this review . These diapers leak all the time . And not just when they 're full - they leak even when the diaper is brand new and dry . They leak so astoundingly bad , that it 's as if there is no diaper there at all . It surprises me , because I 've actually had a great experience with Pampers Cruisers . I thought Baby Dry would be just as good as the Cruisers , but that has n't been the case . I 'd imagine that because every baby 's body is built a little different , different diapers will fit better than others , so not everyone will have the same experience with the same diaper . All I can say is that , for my son , Baby Dry is about as bad as they can get . I 'd go with Pampers Cruisers instead .
 My review comments apply to Amazon 's shipping rather than the product itself . I recently subscribed to Amazon Mom and was rudely surprised to see that my regular two day shipments have started taking almost 10 days to arrive !! I wish Amazon would let us know in advance that they would be stopping the two day free shipping that came with the prime membership , if we enroll ourselves in Amazon Mom . Very disappointing indeed !
 Since my daughter started sleeping on her belly she would wake up every night in the middle of the night with her clothes all wet . So I tried this diaper and now instead of getting all wet once a night , it 's been happening twice a night . It 's worse than regular diapers and the bottom coverage is not wide enough for a baby 's bottom -LRB- my baby is not big , she 's in the 50th percentile -RRB- .
 I 've been using Amazon Mom for a while now and I love the service . I 've also been trying out various types of diapers since my little guy was born . We brought home Pampers from the hospital and they seemed to be just fine . Since then , we 've used Huggies , Kirkland -LRB- Costco -RRB- brand , and Luvs , too . And , honestly , I did n't have a problem with any of those three . I stopped buying the Costco brand when Amazon.com started beating their price with the Amazon Mom program.I 've had a huge box of Pampers sitting in my closet for almost a month and since we just ran out of the last shipment , I finally opened these up . I 've been using them for a week and I am thoroughly disappointed in these diapers . They feel and look great , but my baby has leaked each time I 've put him down in these . EACH TIME . Granted , he is a bigger guy and drinks 10-12 ounces a meal now , but come on . Even during a two hour nap he wakes up in wet clothing and yet another sheet change for me . And we simply did n't experience this with any other diaper we 've tried . I ca n't explain it , but I 'm so frustrated that we 've had to change him twice as often and are burning through this box of diapers . Pampers are the most expensive diapers out there and they have just been nothing but a pain . We stopped attempting to use these at night and have been using Huggies Overnights with great success.After this box is used up we 're going back to Luvs or Huggies . I 'm going to change my Subscription right now . : -LRB-
 After getting a box of these diapers -LRB- all defected -RRB- , Amazon 's great customer service replaced the box with Luvs . The diapers also tend to sag and leak . I really do not recommend them to any mom and I know I would n't purchase them again !
 The price was great for my twin grandsons . After a month both babies developed a severe rash from the baby dry diapers . Other Mom 's have said the same thing . Now they have switched to Huggies .
 I tried these diapers b/c my daughter 's diaper was leaking at night , and these were the worst of all of the diapers I tried . They even leaked during the day.If you have nighttime diaper leaks , try going up a size and buying Pampers Swaddlers or Cruisers instead!Pampers Swaddlers , Size 2-3 -LRB- 14-22 Lbs -RRB- , Economy Plus Pack , 152 SwaddlersPampers Cruisers , Size 4 -LRB- 22-37 Lbs -RRB- , Economy Plus Pack , 140 Cruisers
 We prefer the Swaddlers ! Much more roomy - big difference between these and the Swaddlers . We wo n't order these again !
 Pampers Cruisers are the better of the Pampers diapers . I would not recommend this particular type , as they leak . Still better than most ...
 I used pampers for the first few months after my son was born and then switched to Huggies diapers . I could n't remember why I had switched , but I wish I never did . It did n't help that Amazon sent me two boxes of these Pampers instead of one regular box and one night time box.I just started using Pampers night time diapers and really liked the absorbency so I thought I would start using Pampers during the day too . Big mistake ! After his first pee , which is usually a few minutes after changing , the Pampers diapers start to sag . If he is wearing pants or shorts , which is everyday , the Pampers diaper starts to hang to one side of his pants . It 's really not cute from the back view and it really worries me that it will start leaking too.I read another review here about Pampers vs Huggies that made my mind up to try Pampers . The review said that smaller/skinnier kids should use Pampers and larger/chubbier kids should use Huggies . The way the review explained it , it seemed to make sense . My son is two weeks from turing two years old and is very skinny . He only weighs 26lbs and is of normal height . He is VERY active and has stomach issues that make us use a lot more diapers than normal so I need the best absorbency that I can find . If the night time diapers were n't so expensive , I would use those all day , every day.It also seems like these Pampers are irritating his skin , but I am not sure if it is just something else . He has starting to scratch his bottom and try to take off his diaper ever since we changed brands . I felt the inside of the diaper to see if there were any scratchy parts , but felt none . I just added more lotion to his skin and it seems to help a bit but he still tries to take it off after I change him . He has never done that before , but I just thought that he was learning it from somewhere.I will go back to Huggies as soon as I can finish the 352 diapers that were sent to me . I did n't feel like sending back this huge box and we are running out of time before our overseas trip to wait for a new shipment of Huggies .
 The price was nice but the performance is lacking . Our son can soak one of these full in a few hours and has more leaks with these . We do n't dare use these overnight and just use them during the day -LRB- We use Huggies Snug & Dry Size 3 at night -RRB- . Even during daytime use , he still will leak once in a while with these . It might be partly a sizing issue since these are larger than the equivalent 3 in the Huggies . We wo n't be getting these again after this pack runs out .
 I AM SO DISSAPOINTED WITH THE NEW BABY DRY DIAPERS . I have been using Pampers cruisers for my son and have rarely had any leakage . . Maybe an occassional leak which is not bad.I was happy with Pampers.I decided to give `` Baby Dry '' a try bcos it claimed to have a more absorbent core to prevent night time leaks.I am sooo disappointed . The core seems to be WAAAAAYYY inferior to the Cruisers core and leaks !! I started using them a few days back and my son has woken up atleast 5 nights crying bcos he was soaking wet !! : -LRB- This morning I was holding him and my shirt felt wet . The diaper was leaking and it went thru his clothes onto mine !! So its not just about night time leaks . So much for absorbent core to prevent night time leaks.I was better off with my tried and trusted Cruisers.NEVER HAD SUCH A BAD CASE OF LEAKS WITH CRUISERS ... WILL NEVER USE BABY DRY DIAPERS AGAIN.I hope Pampers is not dropping its quality : -LRB-
 At first we tried Pampers swaddlers , and they were great except that my baby developed a diaper rash when using them . We switched to Baby Dry , and the rash went away . However , they consistantly leaked whenever he was on his side while nursing . About 10 times I have ended up with a wet lap.Also , they do not fit very well , as they have no stretch around the waist . We switched to Huggies and they are wonderful . They have n't ever leaked and they stretch around the legs and waist .
 Worst Diapers ever !! I 've been using these diapers for three days and they have been nothing but stress to me . These diapers truly leak even if they are not full . The material that they are made of tear very easily if I even carry my 22 month old daughter the wrong way . I was completely dissatified when I used them when she was a size 3 , and I 'm upset that I allowed myself to buy these again . They were only a few cents cheaper than the Huggies Snug and Dry which do n't leak at all . I used to have great respect for Pampers but I refuse to waste my time with the company to call and complain . I am embarassed to give these to someone , and will end up just donating them .
 These did n't work for my daughter at all . Too short , Leaked every time she urinated . I love Pampers Swaddlers , but the baby dry are awful and not worth the wasted money .
 I generally order stuff from amazon and diapers and baby wipes are sure from amazon . This packaging was complete waste . Almost 50 % of diapers that came had faulty belt . One of the sticker belts of the diapers wouldnt stick at all . Which caused more that 50 % wastage .
 I bought the XL case of Pampers Baby dry in size 3 and after only 5 diapers my son has a horrible rash on his entire back where the diaper touches.My son 's skin is not sensitive and we have used Pampers swaddlers , Hugggies Snugglers , Huggies Snug n Dry , Parents Choice and Comforts -LRB- kroger -RRB- brand and he has never had any issue.now I am stuck with this XL case of diapers .
 It seems virtually impossible to just contact Amazon and tell them there was a problem with my order without writing a review or packing up the diapers in the huge box , printing out a mailing label and returning them . The diapers I 've been ordering monthly -LRB- Subscribe and Save -RRB- for a long time came and when I opened the plastic packing , they appeared to have been pre-wet . They had that crunchy , beady texture that diapers get when they are exposed to water . Of course , the whole reason I have them on order monthly is because I need them regularly and these came just in time -- I had run out of diapers . I have 3 kids , 3 and under and I ca n't easily get to the store to get more diapers so I had to use these gross diapers on my daughters AND now I have to return them to get a refund ?? Something is broken with this system .
 These diapers literally FALL APART at night . Even with my son who has a pretty servere case of urine reflux -LRB- not all his urine fliters out -RRB- and these diapers decingrate -LRB- sp -RRB- This morning I spend almost 30 minutes trying to clean off the little gel balls of the diaper material off my son and changing table !! So if you have a baby that can sleep through the night and you do n't want to spend 30 minutes at the changing station , spend a couple extra dollars and buy the pampers extra protection , or HUGGIES !!!
 I am a amazon customer since Aug2010 but i never had this kind of experience that my account is charged several times in a month and same product is dumped into my home.When check with the customer care they are saying i might hit the button several times so my subscription duplicated and hence i am receiving the same product multiple time.I do n't know how it is possible.Finally i am able to cancel my account.So be care full when you are subscribing and check you account -LRB- credit/debit -RRB- attached to the subscription frequently .
 We used Pampers sensitive swaddlers for my son but by the time he was size 3 they did not work . The swaddlers did n't have good protection and he would poop out of them . We decided to try baby dry . They are awful every diaper he either pees or poops out of . Now I am constantly washing his clothes and going through at least 3 outfits a day . I am really not happy with Baby Dry . I loved Pampers but a friend of mine told me she had same problem with the larger sizes of Pampers and had to switch to huggies . : -LRB-
 These diapers are dangerous and should be on recall . Pampers should be sued and put out of business . I was so surprised to find out that the extreme rash problem with my twin girls -LRB- yeah both of them -RRB- was caused by these diapers . I say this because since birth I have used Pampers and up until my daughters started using size 4 there was no diaper rash let alone this severe.I am disgusted that I failed to recognized the source of the problem earlier , but that just goes to tell you how much faith in the Pamper name we as parents had . I have no idea what is the difference between size 4 and the lower sizes , but I will NEVER buy a Pamper product again.My girls had such extreme diaper rash that they bled . We kept on blaming it on the heat and the baby wipes and even the diaper rash cream . We must have 10 different types of diaper rash cream in the house.Believe me when I say that in this size -LRB- size 4 -RRB- the diaper is different , they did something , added/switched/deducted some ingredient.I do n't know if the reviews for this diaper that received 5 stars are reviewing the size 4 or other sizes but they should allow this particular size to be reviewed by itself.Read all the one star review , almost everyone had the same problem . Over 100 reviews regarding diaper rash.Don ' t let the low price allow you to buy this dangerous product . I will be contacting Pampers directly as well as Amazon to inform them about this problem , in which I 'm sure they both already know about , because I 've seen reviews of Pamper representatives.BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Big mistake buying these diapers . Baby dry technology does not work apparently - got several leaks . Will get Dry Max next time .
 We 've been getting Pampers Baby Dry from a Wholesale club for a while now , with no problems -LRB- my son is 13 months , in size 4 -RRB- . I saw the price on Amazon and with the 30 % off , it was a great deal . However , when the box arrived the diapers smelled AWFUL -- chemical-like . I gave them a day to air out , which they did , but in the next few days of using them my son has developed a terrible diaper rash . He has only had tiny rashes 3-4 times in the past , but this one is continuous and awful-looking . We are discontinuing use of these particular ones immediately , and going back to the Wholesale club . I do n't think it 's Baby Dry , per se , but the shipment that Amazon has . It really upsets me that they would offer inferior diapers at such a reduced price -- they need to be tossed and NEVER touch a baby 's skin .
 Now it is 6:00 am , Saturday . I 'm so mad and just find this page to write this review . Yesterday was the second day we use Pamper Baby Dry and we yielded 4 dirty clothes and 2 dirty sheets in last 24 hours . Baby Dry leak terribly !!! It is soooo frustrated to change sheet and cloth at 5am in the weekend.Our baby is 15 days old and 9 and a half pounds today . Never got any problems using other NB or Size1 diapers.I bought a large pack of Baby Dry -LRB- 252 counts , size 1 -RRB- . There are still about 240 left . For the last ~ 10 pieces Baby Dry we used , Half of them leaked . Need to figure out of a way to get rid of them .
 I thought these would be great for my wee one , I have been using swaddlers and loved them . After just a short time everything was wet and damp eww gross gross gross gross . So I will use what I have left and move on to another style and if they do n't work too well i will move on to another brand .
 My son has been using Pamper Cruiser and never had problem . So I think Baby-dry may be the same good . So I ordered some online , but am very disappointed with its design . The first time my 21-month-old wore it , it left a red mark in his thighs . One big design problem with it is the strip that adheres to the front side is not elastic , so it makes it impossible to auto-adjust itself , and is not suitable for an active toddler as it may cut into the skin . I have to return the product as I just ca n't use it on my son !
 These diapers are terrible . I 'm not sure the diapers in the box are actually Pampers . They leak -- and not just out the legs or up the back . Right through the part of the diaper that is supposed be the most absorbent . The box says they are good for 12 hour overnight protection -- a joke . Maybe three hours . Every time I 've used these overnight my baby -LRB- 14 lbs -RRB- has woken up soaked .
 Quality of these diapers is NOT same as other Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers -LRB- same size 5 -RRB- that I have bought before . These diapers come with very small fasteners and so they do n't stick well . Diaper comes off easily . This pack is economy in quality too . I can not believe this kind of product is made by Pampers !!! Will NOT buy this 144 pack again .
 I decided to try these after only using Pampers Swaddlers because Baby Dry was a little bit cheaper . I 'm going back to Swaddlers after I use up all the remaining Baby Dry diapers . The reason is because I can smell pee anytime my daughter pees in her diaper . She gets changed often during the day so its not a matter of the diaper being too full . I never had that issue with Swaddlers.Baby Dry diapers seem to hold up pretty well . I never had a leakage problem . In the mornings my daughter 's diaper is very full since she sleeps through the night and so no changing the diaper all night long . Baby Dry diapers sure does hold all the pee and fortunately no diaper blow outs either.If I could n't smell the pee , I would stick with these diapers . My co-worker used Baby Dry diapers and she said she never had a problem with smelling pee . So my recommendation would be to get a small package of these and see if they work for you before buying a bigger box . I bought the 246 count box so I have to stick with them for a while until I run out of these diapers .
 We switched to baby dry from swaddlers because our local club big box store had a coupon.We wanted our baby to start sleeping longer and since we really like swaddlers and baby dry promises up to 12 hours of dryness , the baby dry would be exactly what we are looking for . ... . right?There are also not as absorbent , I do n't mean you let you baby sit there and see how long he can go without a diaper change , what I 'm talking about is the more liquid poo is not absorbed and ends up in the little leg compartment making a mess out of his chubby little tights and if not caught early enough ends up on the outside of the diaper !! . We are constantly changing his diaper , at night we dont get the * up to 12 hrs promised , not even the * up to 6 hours !! Last , there 's no wet indicator ... I used to like this feature on the other diapers . Our baby does not like diaper changes -LRB- unless he 's full -RRB- but sometimes even if he was full he would fuss and I do n't like when he gets upset after feedings , specially at night since its harder to get him back to sleep . With the wet indicator I could make the decision to change him before or after his feedings depending on how wet was the diaper.I do n't have many children but I know when something is better or worse ... I know that much ! The Baby dry 12 hour diapers are much , much worse that the diapers we used to have ! However if you have a baby that doest poop , pee , sleep or fuss than this might be the diaper for you !!! *** Updade 9/6/2012 *** The leaks continue ... . the latest leak required an emengency bath time because there was poo everywhere !! After the last leak I 'm swiching back to swaddlers ... . Pampers Baby dry have only been disappointment and frustration !!
 These diapers absorb MUCH less than Swaddlers . They do n't have a prayer of lasting through the night despite the claim they last twelve hours . Really disappointing product .
 I was tired of the tabs on luvs and decided to go back to pampers , but when I tried both the cruisers and baby dry diapers this time around , they both gave my little guy diaper rash -LRB- they did n't do that a year and a half ago -RRB- . The baby dry did n't do it as bad as the cruisers . I love pampers products - both the baby dry diapers and the cruisers as well -LRB- great fit , quality product -RRB- , but they are useless if they give your little one diaper rash . Otherwise , amazon does a great job delivering their product .
 I use Pampers for my kids for more than 3 years . . I always liked them , until few months ago . . I thought maybe a packages was n't good , and then I see it again and again ... 1 out of 10 diapers is falling apart ... `` wings '' are come off , when you try to put diaper on !!! I do n't want to buy Pampers again ... : -LRB-
 Previously we had used Earth 's Best since size 1 , 2.5 years ago . I recently decided to save money on his size 5s and go non-ecological with the mainstream `` best '' which are apparently Pampers . Not only do they smell like pungent baby powder out of the package , they just do n't work . Our son is n't overly wet , due to regular diaper changes , but these diapers could n't even contain pee for a 2 hour span . In addition , when he wakes up his pajamas smell like he had an accident , due to the thinness of the Pampers . And yes , more often than not he was wet through to the pajamas , sheets , etc. , and if he pooped overnight , he was rewarded with a sopping wet diaper , a wedgie , and poop leaking out . We have four kids , and trust me , use Earth 's Best . Does anybody want 152 Pampers?Hope one of these links works , and of course , look for subscribe and save !! Amazon search -- Earth 's Best TenderCare Chlorine Free Diapers , Size 5 -LRB- 27 + Pounds -RRB- , 104 CountDirect cut and paste -- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I gave these diapers a try when my son started soaking through his Huggies in the middle of the night . I was looking for something more absorbent , and having tried another type of Pampers in the past and was satisfied , decided to try these . He soaked through them every night for four nights . They were completely ineffective . On the plus side , they smelled nice and were softer than Huggies . I did n't want to waste the one that were left , so we used them during the day . A few days later , my son , who at 14 months had never had a diaper rash , got a terrible , painful rash . We stopped using the Pampers immediately , but it took over a week for the rash to clear up . So , having read other reviews telling a similar story , let me caution new users that it 's a gamble . Will these diapers give my kid a rash ? Maybe . Maybe not . Are you willing to spend your money to find out ?
 We decided to try the subscribe and save program and had been using Pampers Cruisers Stage 3 . I had never really noticed a specific title with the diapers we had been using . They had been wonderful . So , we decided to try the only Pampers that were available in this size . Despite the claim that they last up to 12 hours , each of the three that we used on our baby boy leaked . Awful , awful , awful !
 My son is 4 months old and we 've been using Pampers swaddlers pretty much since birth . We bought the Baby Dry size two when they were on sale and it 's been a horror show ever since . 120 diapers and there has hardly been a day since when we have n't had to clean up an explosive diaper . My son is breast fed and he 's not on solid food so a diaper labeled `` baby dry '' SHOULD have done the trick but instead it is un-absorbant and thus very leaky . Even if the diaper has n't shot the poo up my baby 's backside while he was playing then when I place him on the changing table , it is sure to do just that , creating a mess . My husband wants to throw the diapers out , I want to give them away but it almost seems cruel to give them to someone .
 I am a long-time Pampers buyer and have never had a complaint before , but my latest batch of baby dry must be either defective or a new design . The tabs tear off of the diaper with the tiniest amount of force . Which means as I 'm diapering my wiggly baby , I sometimes go through three diapers before I get one on that stays intact . Very frustrating for such an expensive product . Never had this experience with this brand with my older children , so have to assume Pampers is cutting corners .
 Diapers are Pampers , so they work as well as any diaper . Except , that I prefer Safeway brand diapers because they hold overnight and are slightly bigger than Pampers . But , the price is comparable to Amazon.com . Delivery , on the other hand was horrible ! Box was totally ripped , torn and almost all the diapers were exposed . Deivery by UPS and I took a pic . Very disappointed Amazon did n't put box into another to protect the cheap box the diapers are orginiall packaged in .
 Great price for this product , but it caused both of my kids to have rashes . I ended up going out and buying another kind to mix with them so the rash would subside enough that we could use the diapers without wasting money and having to throw them away . These also do n't have elastic in the back waistband of the diaper ... another really nice feature in other brands .
 I began using these diapers for my newborn , but was sorely disappointed to find that the diaper offered little protection for anyone holding my baby when she had a poo . Perhaps she is oddly shaped causing the diaper to fit poorly ; however , she seems perfectly normal to me , so I am guessing it is the fault of the diaper . Every poo was a blow-out !
 When DD was first born I used Pampers Sensitive and I absolutely loved it . I 've tried Costco brand , Pampers , and Huggies . I thought I would go back to Pampers since I had such a good experience with it . This Baby Dry line just doens ' t work for us . The diaper feels overly moist after she goes number 1 , and it does n't actually seep through , perse , but it feels a little moist and it 's not a very pleasant feeling . But one pro is that it 's thin so it 's very portable . Other than that it was a big BUMMER for us : -LRB-
 I got the replacement because of severe diaper rash which is the first time for my son . I have to say amazon customer is good . They send me new box and I send old ones back.But the new box is even worse . There s Crystal like stuff come out from the diaper . I need wash my son every time .
 Terrible diapers . We normally buy the cruisers and I accidentally purchased the baby dry diapers . The diapers continually leak ! Even when they have been worn for short periods of time , they really can only hold a small amount of urine if your child is at all mobile .
 I 've had to throw at least 6 onesies because of the leakage riding up my sons back :-LRB- awful my next attempt is to try pampers swaddles while he still fits into their size . Hopefully they work out since there are many good reviews .
 i do n't know if it 's pampers or this particular distributor , but there are what seems to be dried up resins in lumps in the diapers . i wonder if they absorbed moisture then dried . i 'll never buy another pampers diaper .
 Babies can not wear these !! the poop just pours out of them . They do not absord and this is because they are for older babies with solid foods ... . Stink with swaddlers or cruisers !! will never buy this type ever again .
 Diapers do n't absorb wetness at all , everything goes through clothes ! Super thin too ! Do n't buy it ! Waste of money for sure !
 This is the worst diaper we ever tried . After my 20 months old daughter go to bad -LRB- changing diaper at 9pm -RRB- we have to change it at around 4am , otherwise she -LRB- her outfit , bad and comforter -RRB- will be totally wet by the morning . We had no other diaper with such an experience . During daytime it is even worse , sometimes it start letting thru everything after few hours . We use 5-7 diapers a day whereas we needed only 3-4 from cruisers . This simply have not enough absorbent to stay dry for 12 hours -LRB- as advertised -RRB-
 this is the worst experience ever , the cheaper LUVS brand is much better ! do n't buy this diapers , I hate hate hate them , my daughter wakes up with all her clothes wet ; I change it 2 times at night !
 THESE DIAPERS ARE HORRIBLE . I ALWAYS BUY THE PAMPERS CRUISERS BUT SINCE THE STORE WAS OUT OF STOCK I THOUGHT PAMPERS MAKES THESE AS WELL SO THEY MUST BE GOOD AS WELL . WELL I WAS WRONG MY DAUGHTER WEARS THEM FOR HALF AN HOUR AND HER PEE PASSES THROUGH THE DIAPER . THEY SHOULD MAKE IT TO AN HOUR AT LEAST . ONE PEE AND I HAVE TO CHANGE HER DIAPER . HORRIBLE I CA N'T BELIEVE PAMPERS MAKES THESE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE DIAPERS !!!
 Going from Swaddlers to these was a HUGE mistake . The name `` baby dry '' should be a joke , because the diaper gets damp very fast , and ALWAYS smells like pee . It 's not my baby either , I have to change out the diaper about twice more than normal and most of the diapers are barely heavy . Seems like such a waste ... should 've bought the smaller amount to test first . It 's odd how the same brand could have one type vastly superior to the other . Again , go with Swaddlers , we had ZERO issues with them . `` Baby dry '' is a lie .
 I bought these after reading tons of reviews and not realizing the HUGE difference between the Baby Dry and Swaddlers or the Sensitive Pampers . The Baby Dry ones are horrible ! They are rough and hard and do not stretch AT ALL , not to mention my son poops up the back of them about every other day . So if you are debating between these and swaddlers/sentive pampers go with one of those they are so much more absorbent and softer !
 I used Pampers sensitive diapers since my baby was born . As she grows and sleeps longer through the night , I was thinking maybe this Max Dry diaper will give her even better comfort . Yet , to my surprise , it did n't . Moreover , it leaked multiple times that I had to changed her from inside out . So I returned the rest of the package and continued using my previous Pampers Sensitive ones.By the way , I never receive any partial refund on this return package !
 These diapers are terrible . I have been using the Pampers Cruisers and those work well . I thought I would try the Baby Dry for overnight . Every night my baby wets right through these . I have to change his entire outfit during the night , which really wakes him up and makes it difficult for him to go back to sleep . Sometimes I have to change him twice . I will not be buying these again .
 I am writing this review after a long term usage of Pampers Baby Dry Diapers for my little one sold by Amazon . Note this is review for the product sold by Amazon only and not by Pampers or any other vendors who sell pampers.Initially due to the cost and same brand I thought this deal was amazing and told almost all my friends that this is the best you can find around . Then we noticed that our baby was wetting her bed too often . Initially we thought she was drinking too much water and stopped giving her water at night just before she went to sleep . But then she started doing that all day . We ended up changing diapers way too often to avoid spils . I was wondering why the diaper was not holding anything , then one day I found a cheaper deal with BJ 's and bought from there . Turns out it was the diapers that was causing this . Its been more than 6 months I bought from Amazon and had the frequent wetting problems . The same product from 2 different vendors can make such a difference ? You might think that it was my daughter who might have stopped wetting . I thought so too , which is why i used one of the left over diaper from Amazon again this week and the same thing happened . My daughter was in the car seat and now i have to wash the whole thing.I am not buying this product from Amazon again . I dont want to find out any more ugly truth about this product and do not want to take the risk with my precious one .
 I have used the baby dry diapers for months now . The last two boxes I have recieved do not have as much of the blue absorbant material and the diapers are overall totally different -LRB- almost flat -RRB- . Although the diapers worked well for awhile , the new design leaves much to be desired .
 The package contains 246 diapers , so you 're getting a great deal right?Wrong.I hate this item . I had been putting my daughter in Pampers Swaddlers from day one and love those ! We ran out of diapers so my husband and I used our ` backup ' diapers which are the Walmart brand . When I got the Baby Dry diapers I was thrilled . I was so thankful to stop using the cheap ones and having to do my daughter 's laundry every day because of leaks.I was sad to discover that these particular diapers are the same as the cheapies . Only I consider it worse that they have the Pampers name on them but are worthless . I 'm not even exaggerating here . My daughter is tiny , and she was wearing a diaper for 20 minutes in her carseat and it leaked . When I take off the diapers after she gets up in the morning , they have practically disintegrated . You honestly would be better off with cloth diapers or just continue using the Walmart brand and saving yourself money.Better yet , do n't even stray from the Swaddlers . Not only was my daughter soaked from the diaper leaking through her pajamas , her tiny behind was also soaked because the '12 hours ' of protection had failed to pull moisture away from her skin . She got a rash within the first day of wearing these . Very disappointing . I love the Swaddlers , I can rave about those all day if you let me . I had found a lonely Swaddlers hiding in her diaper bag but it was a size too small . `` To heck with it ; it 's still a Swaddler ! `` It did n't leak overnight like the Baby Dry did.All in all , I would recommend if you want to try the product -LRB- or any for that matter -RRB- try it in small numbers first . I did complain to Pampers and they have agreed to make it right by giving me some coupons to use on my next few purchases . I feel like I was taken seriously and that they really care about their customers ' satisfaction . Best of luck to all you reading this !
 I like these diapers , however , my son gets severe diaper rash with the pampers brand so we use Huggies and there is no rash . The best Huggies are the supremes , worth every extra penny .
 The quality difference between this and Pampers Cruisers is just amazing . We hate these diapers . I 'd actually buy store brand before buying this . You get a few less diapers when you buy Pampers Cruisers but it is well worth it to get them instead !
 Do n't buy these !!! I have always used Pampers diapers , and think they are far superior to other brands . Until , that is , I tried these Baby Dry diapers ! They leaked like crazy ! Not onece or twice , but every time I used them ! If I did n't change the baby IMMEDIATELY after them getting wet , it would soak straight through the diaper and wet her clothes ! NEVER had a problem like that with the Cruisers ... I still have an almost full package of Baby Dry because I got sick of changing clothes constantly from the leaks ! I will never buy these again -- only Pampers Cruisers from now on !!!
 Was hoping pamers would be more quality then the huggies that we normally use . But these diapers are total disappointment for us . We never want to use them for our baby at nights which leaks up and wets his bed .
 Ever since they 've redesigned these , almost every morning , my son is found wet , and the diaper has actually split on the sides with the gel contents spilling everywhere . It 's ever so much fun having to clean a toddler , crib , walls , floor , all first thing in the morning . I have used these religiously since the first couple of months , but I 've changed brands .
 We purchased these for awhile because they were the only diapers that would stand up to the `` blowouts '' but let me tell you the Target brand diapers are the same quality for SOOOO much less $ If I had any advice for people getting Pampers or Huggies it would be try Target brand they are the best I promise you wo n't be disappointed . Do n't try Kroger or Kmart brands or anything similar just Target . Only if someone told us this a year ago we 'd have a Ferrari by now with all the money we saved after switching !
 I love Pampers Swaddlers so I thought I 'd try these once my baby outgrew the Swaddlers . While I 've never had any issues with leaking , I 've had to throw out at least four brand-new diapers -LRB- so far -RRB- because the the entire side where the tab tears off while I 'm trying to fasten the diaper . I 've never had this problem with Swaddlers or Huggies , so I know it 's not the operator . Also , these diapers do n't seem to fit very securely . They tend to sag and feel very cheap -LRB- even my husband commented on that and he generally does n't notice these kinds of things -RRB- . I 've only used about 20 diapers from my box of 140 , but I 'm sure I 'll have more problems with tearing . What a waste !
 My kids both wore Pampers . The last few times I 've bought Pampers for my youngest they fall apart so easily . He does n't even wear them that long before he has stringy diaper hanging off . I tried to chalk the first box off as maybe its a defective box or that he is so active . But after 3 boxes I know longer believe it . It does n't leak , but just seems to fall apart -LRB- hard to describe -RRB- no matter if he 's worn them for 5 min or longer . I ca n't wait until he is fully potty trained so he wo n't need them anymore . I am very disappointed
 Like another reviewer , I went for these rather than the Pampers Swaddlers because I thought `` heck , these are also Pampers , how bad could they be ? '' Answer
 The baby dry diapers are terrible ! I 'm so glad I did n't buy them . I received them as a shower gift . They have a plastic duct tape feel to the top portion and they left my son 's skin very moist . He literally had urine sitting on his skin when I opened his diaper . NOT my idea of a good diaper . I stick to Pampers Swaddlers or Pampers Cruisers , depending on which size you are using .
 I usually love Pampers , but the Baby Dry Pampers really irritated my little boy 's skin . He did n't have any leaks but the angry red marks on his skin negated the leak free aspect . If your baby 's skin is n't super sensitive , these would be great but if your little one has sensitive skin , skip these and go for the Swaddlers .
 I bought these diapers not realizing that they were the baby dry . I usually use the swaddlers and I love them . So when I noticed these ones were different I thought it would be okay . No way !!! I used about 5 diapers and my 2 month old son blew out of every single one ... keep in mind we have never had any blow outs before . So I definately would never recommend these diapers to anyone . Now I am stuck with 270 diapers I will never use ... ugh
 These are ok diapers for daytime use . We have blowouts almost everytime we use them overnight . My son is 22 months old , so it 's not like he has runny newborn poop anymore . I do n't even let him wear these for naps anymore because they just do n't work that well for sleep . They are very `` paper-y '' feeling compared to cruisers , which I could tolerate if they worked better . Once I finsh the rest of these I will not be purchasing them again .
 In general I like Pampers items and quality . But the Baby Dry version I seem to have a lot of leaks .
 I have used 3 different brand diapers for my twins since they were born , huggies , pampers and luvs . When they were little I stuck with pampers sensitive because I felt those were softer and kinder to their skin . When they got bigger I went with luvs because of the price , then I discovered amazon mom and its many benefits including its low prices on diapers , so I switched to huggies , and realized how much better huggies are compare to luvs ! We 've been using huggies for the last 9 months . Now the last time I needed to buy some diapers , pampers was running a coupon on amazon so the price per diaper was a little lower than huggies , and I figured , why not give it a try , hence , I bought these pampers baby dry . What a bad move ! These diapers leaked after an 8 oz milk and some juice , I mean , with huggies such liquid intake would hardly `` make a dent '' ! So now I am using almost twice the amount of diapers compare to when we were on huggies . These are worse than luvs , at least luvs charged you less for it ! I actually feel these are very much comparable to luvs diaper in terms of quailty and `` structure '' , just more money , it 's almost like both were made by the same people but were marketed differently . So if you are thinking of getting these , save yourself some money and buy luvs instead . I do n't understand how they could advitized it as `` last up to 12 hours '' ! That 's if you do n't feed your kids any fluid for 12 hours I assume ! How could this product get so many good reviews on here ? Maybe a lot of people use pampers exclusively and did n't have a chance for comparison ? I would have returned these if I had not thrown away the box . What a rip off ! Do not buy these , get huggies snug and dry instead !
 I made a huge mistake by buying the baby dry after reading through the reviews . I thought that for the price , why not try them . What a huge mistake ! I should have just bought a smaller amount to try them first . Instead we have been using these for over a month now and I have had to clean up a poop spill at least every other day . My baby was 4 months old when we started using these and since he is not eating solids yet , the poop is pretty runny . The baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on . It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the HuggiesSnug & dry from now on , The Snug and dry from huggies absorb much better that those lousy ones , Hope this helps someone wondering which to buy Snug and dry or Baby Dry , DEFINITELY go with the SNUG AND DRY !!
 The diapers were fine except my order was for 124 diapers and I only received 112 . I also did n't have any way of contacting the shipper to let them know that my order was incomplete .
 Several of these diapers broke at the side seams causing the gel material to fall out and leave a trail everywhere our toddler went until we finally figured out where it was coming from . Happened with three more diapers in order and after vacuuming for over one our we gave up and tyre the rest out .
 This is the worst nighttime diaper we have used . They leak 100 % of the time leaving our baby drenched in her own urine ! Awful . :-LRB- I highly recommend Huggies Overnites-zero problem with leaks and a great fit.We will not attempt to use these again .
 Leaks at my kid 's belly -LRB- especially during his sleep or nap -RRB- , which is totally unacceptable.Pampers Swaddlers , Huggies , and even Costco 's Kirkland Signature do n't have this issue . This diaper is good for daytime only . We bought Huggies for night time or naps.Very disappointing .
 I was really unhappy using these , they leaked badly many times.In the past I have used the Pampers Cruisers and was very happy with them.I now buy Huggies little movers since I feel those are the best diapers around .
 We used Swaddlers size 1 and thought would changed to this for size 2 to see what 's the difference . We found that this one leaks ! It also has a little chemical smell and the size is n't as big as Swaddlers size 2 . Pamper Swaddlers is much better in our opinion .
 Our daughter is 22 months and we just got a box of Size 5 baby Dry diapers . We ca n't use these at nighttime and we have to check her diaper frequently . If she drinks a lot of water , the urine leaks right out of the diaper.My wife had me order another box of Huggies Snug & Dry Size 5 immediately . We 'll try to use these ones up , but when we run errands or go to church , we will use the Huggies.I do not recommend these diapers at all . It 's not worth the $ 0.03 difference per diaper from Huggies . I gave it a fair chance and learned my lesson .
 We accidentally bought pampers dry instead of cruisers diapers , so we decided to try them . I immediately noticed the odor of urine . When out with gramma , they leaked after 4 hours of wear . We normally use cruisers and they have provided us consistent coverage and have never failed . Cruisers seem to cover more surface area and last for 12 hours through the night . I also do not notice the urine smell as soon as the diaper becomes wet with cruisers . We will be using cruisers from now on .
 I was n't too impressed by these diapers . The diaper itself stays dry overnight and does n't leak through if the baby just pees . However , these diapers -LRB- size 2 -RRB- seem low on my 14 lb baby -LRB- he is on the longer side though -RRB- and he had several leaks -LRB- pooped out the back and front at the same time on several occasions -RRB- , honestly , I wondered if I should have gotten a size 3 for him . The size 2 pampers swaddlers are great and the pampers baby dry just do n't compare .
 The swaddlers are wonderful diapers , never had any problems , however , the Dry Baby diapers are terrible . We have gone though one box of them , and still have another one to go before we switch over to cloth -LRB- this is not the reason we are switching to cloth -RRB- . My son has woken up several nights in a row completely wet and we 've been having to change the sheets . They leak horribly . Even daycare hates them . We 've had so many blowouts as well . They are incredibly thin and cheap feeling .
 Some people may have no issues with these diapers , however , my little girl probably leaks in these once a day if not multiple times . I 've tried everything making sure that the diaper is on just right or immediately changing her when I `` hear '' her go . NOTHING WORKS - I change her outfit multiple times a day and not for the fun of it . So it is back to Swaddlers for us ... I do n't know why I ever changed .
 And the winner is ... . Huggies.Pampers overnights makes a promise it can not keep - '12 hours of overnight protection ' . Not long after I began using pampers overnight I noticed my son was waking up wet . The kicker - when he wetted himself and his dad after a mere 5.5 hours with no diaper change on a long road trip . -LRB- Oops -RRB- . I even tried plastic underwear - but even that could not help . . I finally figured out if my LO had more than one bottle the diaper merely could not handle the output . Yikes . I thought I would take a chance and try huggies . It 's been a week and so far no complaints . He has even woken up dry after having a second bottle in the middle of the night with no diaper change . -LRB- tsk tsk but as any mother can tell you , do not mess with a sleeping baby or you will live to regret it -RRB- . I will keep you posted on any changes !
 We had been using pampers sensitive swaddlers since birth but when baby hit size 2 figured we would use up the pack of size 2 baby dry 's we recieved as a shower gift . . well within the first day of use my baby got a horrible diaper rash!So bad that her skin is bleeding and cracking :-LRB- . . They even feel cheaper ... way more of a plastic type feel to them . I do not reccomend !
 I purchased these Pampers from Amazon for my 7 month old . These pampers have the ability to burst open in the night while your baby is sleeping . When my daughter woke up the next morning , the pamper burst open on her belly . The padding inside the pamper was released on her belly on several other occasions . I did n't have this problem with Huggies . I will NOT purchase Pampers ever again . This is a hazard and they should be recalled .
 these daipers are no good to use . . always leaks and gives diaper rash . . not worth the money . . Pampers swaddlers are much better than these daipers .
 I hate these diapers ! Always leaks even at day time ! Poop would always come out , as in every time my son poops ! Whenever we go out i make sure my son has 2-3 sets of xtra clothes coz he is always messed up ! Im sooo disappointed in pampers ! I eould rather use cheap brands or rather switch back to my trusted huggies diapers .
 Well , I do n't see why people ca n't just leave a good product alone ! This WAS a good product but this box of diapers has a bad smell . It 's like Pampers has added a perfume or fragrance and now the diapers smell really bad ! My son had bad diaper rash & I feel the perfume/fragrance delayed the healing of and maybe even inhibited the healing process.Not good ! Will be looking for a new brand of diapers ! Will never buy Pampers baby dry again and am very disappointed !
 I was a new mom and therefore pretty tired . I did n't notice that there was a difference between baby dry and swaddlers and accidentally bought baby dry . They are more plastic and did n't seem to let my baby 's skin breathe nearly as well as the swaddlers . I wo n't buy the baby dry again !
 We Liked the swaddlers . Now that my daughter is older we needed protection and switched to huggies snug and dry .
 My daughter was wearing the Huggies prior to this . I ordered this diapers , thinking that they would be softer and more absorbent than the Huggies . To my surprise , they are neither softer or more absorbent . I 'm very disappointed and have had to change many skirts , and pants because of this!I am planning on writing to Kimberly Clark as well regarding this . Also , these diapers run small !
 Target diapers are much better than these diapers . My daughter sleeps through the night . When she wakes up her dress , the sheet everything will be wet . This diaper is ok to use during the day times but definitely not at night .
 I 'm disappointed in these diapers . My daughter frequently wakes up in the morning covered in clumps of gel from inside the diaper . It 's not hurting anything but it 's a pain to clean up .
 I ordered these before our son was born . At the time , I did n't know the difference between the swaddlers and the baby dry . Well , I learned the hard way as these leak like CRAZY . I can not convey how truly awful these are . Please spare yourself the pain and do n't get these diapers . Baby dry is awful .
 I love swaddlers , so after finally getting to the end of the initial stash of pampers from the baby showers etc , I started purchasing them . They cost more than other diapers , but oh well I was hooked.I got the grand idea in my head that &#34; Oh , baby dry ? they must work even BETTER than swaddlers , DRY is right in the name ! &#34; Wrong . In a swaddler my kid could pee 2-3x and no leakage . In the baby dry , I do n't know what it is about them , if she got to peeing a second time ? Good lord get that thing off of her quick or she 's going to leak or please no zues , oprah , or a tiny baby jesus , do n't let her poop because it IS coming out the back even if I have her in a size too big without the back rolled down.I ened up using these as Daycare diapers , because there she got changed ever hour -LRB- No worries , I usually check her ever 2 hours max or at the first whiff of poop at home but that was n't enough for baby dry -RRB- Not ever getting those things again and if they 're gifted I am regifting .
 I have solely been a pampers mom but after buying these I 'm thinking of trying something new.The diapers reeked of chemicals , very unhappy and very upset that I had 246 to go through . I will not buy diapers online again , at least not these .
 So I bought these diapers because I have used the Swaddlers before with success . My daughter is 9 weeks old , 10 pounds and uses size 1 . For anyone that has not used Swaddlers , the difference between the two is clearly the quality as the diaper is much thinner , almost paper thin . Upon the first use of this diaper , I noticed that after a 2 hour nap , my daughter 's onesie was was wet . I gave the diaper another chance , and had exactly the same issue . I would not recommend this diaper as I believe the whole purpose of a diaper is to keep the baby dry .
 I have been loyal to Pampers diapers since my 13 month old was in Newborn Swaddlers . I tried these diapers because of the positive ratings and I am VERY disappointed . The diapers are rectangular and not good for a cruising baby . The front of the tabs turn under so they sometimes leak out the side . Also , they say they are suppose to last 12 hours . My daughter usually sleeps 10 hours straight at night and by morning the diaper has `` sweated '' pee through the diaper and through her pajamas and I 've even had to change her sheets . I go through a lot more diapers with these because i have to change her very frequently . For some reason the Pampers Cruisers with dry max gave my daughter diaper rash so I guess I 'm buying Huggies next time .
 I have been a loyal Pampers customer for years , but lately , I do n't know what they are doing . When they introduced DryMax , I switched to Baby Dry because it caused mild redness on my older son . I have happily used the Baby Dry -- they really do last 12 hours and have never leaked for me . When my younger son was born , he reacted horribly to Swaddlers with DryMax , so we switched to Baby Dry . He just moved up to size 3 and is now reacting badly to these diapers . Even with heavy duty diaper cream , he turned red and became very rashy . Last night I noticed that he was VERY red in the creases of his legs and then realized his skin was raw and bleeding . The diapers are nowhere near too tight . I realize that sometimes things happen to kids that is not the manufacturer 's fault , but after taking a break from these for a day and then coming back to them , my son is red and rashy again . I think I 'm ready to give up on Pampers . I do n't know what the heck they 're doing , but their diapers are sub-par compared to what they used to be . * Edited on October 4 , 2011
 We had been using Pampers Baby Dry for our daughter right after she outgrew newborn size of Pampers Swaddlers . Now my daughter is almost 20 months old at size 4 . We could n't be happier with Pamper Baby Dry until the last shipment we received from Amazon . The diapers are thinner than before and leak frequently . I thought it may be a bad batch and bought a smaller size of the same product from a department store . They were exactly the same and also caused leaks . The leaks happen both at morning and night times . I 'm too disappointed in the product to give it a 3rd try . We are switching to Huggies Snug & Dry . Hopefully , they will work better .
 At first , I thought it was just one or two diapers that have sand like in them but it 's actually the whole box of diapers that have sand in EVERY DIAPER . But I willing to give it another try . Unfortunately , the 2rd and 3rd boxes were still the same -LRB- still have tons of sand like in every diaper -RRB- . The changing table and crib were filled with tiny sand like everytime I changed my baby diaper . It 's freaking me out cause my baby is super active and she 's at the stage where she puts everything in her mouth . So , no more Pamper Baby Dry for me .
 These diapers are terrible , they leak and make my baby smell like urine . I thought I ordered the same pampers as before which were the swaddlers , No these are not and they are very different . These diapers are blue in color and are just as bad as huggies . i love the Pampers Swaddlers my girls can go all night and not have any problems .
 I did not like these diapers at all ! They leaked at night and even during the day . As soon as my 10 month old daughter peed in them , these diapers hung to the knees .
 I was using swaddlers -LRB- pampers yellow box -RRB- and then decided to try these baby-dry -LRB- pampers green box . My 5 month old is in a size 2 but when I ordered size 2 in the baby-dry they were to small even though she was still in the weight range -LRB- 15lbs -RRB- they give on the box . So my advise is that the baby-dry pampers run small .
 I have been usage the Size 2 for my son and he is still breastfeeding and so his BMs are still pretty runny . These diapers were terrible ! - the poop leaked straight THROUGH the diapers - not leaking out the sides - THROUGH ! That meant that there was no way that he could stay clean through a BM ! Which is very annoying .
 These diapers have been a huge disappointment ! They claim to be Baby Dry but they do n't keep anything dry . We 've only been using them for a few days and every day we 've had to change outfits because of wet diapers . The diaper does n't even seem to absorb anything . As far as night protection ? There 's no way it offers 12 hours of protection . Maybe one or two and that 's if you 're willing to change the sheets.I 'm going back to Luvs .
 I read the reviews before I buy this , I do n't know how others are not have the issue I had . Every one says this baby dry diaper is very perfect for their kid . But one couple of them mentioned it is leaking . The same thing happened with our kid . The first time I used this we saw the leak all over his dress and we thought we have n't dressed him perfectly . But that 's not true , every time we used this diaper there is leak almost 4 times out of 5 . We are not at all happy with this product . Before using this we tried Cruisers and that one is perfect . Just that because this baby dry is little cheaper than cruisers we thought of giving it a try . We learned the lesson that cheap ones wil not the great ones always . I would not recommend this to any one .
 The diaper is too thin that it hardly holds anything . We found we literally had to change the diaper for our kid every hour . Interestingly , the same Pamper diaper we bought from local supermarket or Walmart store was a lot better and could last for several hours .
 Loved the old design - my baby stayed dry through the night . Now , every morning he is soaked . `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' I did n't mind paying a premium price for the old design - it was phenomenal . The new design does not compare . I have switched to Luvs .
 I ordered several boxes of these and was very disappointed to find that these are not the improved `` flex '' kind . I only switched from cruisers to the baby dry because they were stretchy . Now I have several boxes of diapers that barely fit .
 My daughter lives down the street from us with her husband and we keep Tricia , our grand-daughter , quite often . Joe and I love Amazon - he buys almost every tool he uses here ! So on his last order he ordered these Pampers baby Dry Economy Pack . the price was fantastic but leaks are too frequent from the sides between her legs . We wo n't be getting these again and I 'm not even sure I want to risk finishing the supply we still have ...
 I have been pleased with the regular pampers size 1 , but I 'm very disappointed with the Baby Dry Size 1 . They are significantly smaller than the regular size 1 diapers and do not cover the back of my baby , so it 's been one mess and clothing change after another .
 I am a longtime Amazon buyer and a first time reviewer . I am also a Pampers Swaddlers devotee and so I thought , a fan of Pampers in general . I have since found that all Pampers are not created equal . I typically use Pampers Swaddlers in the day and Huggies Overnights at night for my 8 month old son - who is not by any means a `` super soaker '' . I bought the Pampers Baby Dry because they had a good deal going , so I thought I would give them a try . With `` 12 hours of overnight protection '' , what 's not to like ? The first night I used these , I found my son 's entire frontside wet in the morning . Okay , so it 's hard to find a really good overnight disposable . Maybe I should have bought one size up from his usual . I thought , `` I 'll just use them during the day ... '' . Well , after just 1 nap and about 3 hours in the diaper , again soaked . What a waste !
 I have been using Pampers Swaddlers size 3 but because of the outrageous price increase I switched to Pampers Dry economy pack ... my child 's linen is now wet in the mornings and blowouts have been horrible . And now I am stuck with 2 boxes of unusable diapers . How could Pampers sell such an inferior product . I am switching to another brand and another source -LRB- such as Costco -RRB- from now on .
 I purchased this package of 222 diapers size 3 and it is already 3rd time -LRB- from out of 10 changing -RRB- that our baby got whole his body covered with those jelly pieces from inside the diaper . Scary , i hope it is not toxic or something .
 This is the very cheap product that does not measure up to the standards of the other Pampers diapers . I would recommend not to buy this but the 186 count instead .
 With 3 grandchildren , I 've tried many disposable diapers and my daughter and I feel that Pampers does not , in our opinion , measure up to Huggies .
 The june 2011 shipment of the pampers cruisers diapers was way below par . The diapers were too thin and leaking all the time.I 'm on auto-shipment
 I CHANGED FROM HUGGIES TO PAMPERS BECAUSE OF THE PRICE BUT NOW I SEE THAT HUGGIES IS WELL WORTH THE PRICE . MY SON USED PAMPERS WHEN HE WAS BORN JUST BECAUSE THAT 'S THE BRAND THE HOSPITAL WAS USING , BUT I QUICKLY CHANGES TO HUGGIES AND WAS VERY PLEASED . THEN I DECIDED TO GIVE PAMPERS BABY DRY A TRY SINCE THE PRICE WAS CHEAPER AND I GOT MORE DIAPERS FOR MY MONEY . THEY RAVE ABOUT A BABY DRY SYSTEM THAT LAST 12HOURS ... NOT AT ALL . MY BABY LEAKS AFTER A COUPLE OF HOURS . THE DIAPERS ARE EXTREMELY THIN . I STILL HAVE SOME HUGGIES LEFT OVER AND I HAVE TO USE THOSE FOR NIGHTIME BECAUSE IF I USE THE PAMPERS MY BABY WAKES UP CRYING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NITE ALL WET THROUGH HIS ONESIE , PJ 'S AND CRIB SHEET !!! HORRIBLE DIAPER ... NOW I 'M STUCK WITH OVER 200 DIAPERS . I 'M GOING BACK TO HUGGIES AS SOON AS I FINISH THIS PACK , UNFORTUNATELY WILL HAVE TO BUY HUGGIES OVERNITES MEANWHILE I FINISH THE PAMPERS .
 These are awful ! They gave our son an angry red raw rash all around his pelvic area ! We even took him to the doctor thinking it may have been some time of Thrush from antibiotics ! Do not purchase these if your child has sensitive skin or may be allergic to the filler !
 I have been using Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers diapers and now that my daughter is 6 months old I decided I would try and save some money given her skin may not be as sensitive . The first week in using the Pampers Baby Dry diapers she went wet through it overnight -LRB- which she has never done so I assume the absorbency is not as good -RRB- and on a different occasion the blue dye on the diaper came off on her skin !! The blue dye coming off on her was the most disappointing . I was so shocked by the difference in quality of this product . I will never use Pampers Baby Dry again and will be going back to Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers its worth the extra $ 16/month !
 We could n't be more disappointed with these diapers . We bought them for our 20-month old daughter to wear at nighttime and not once have they kept her dry . They leak through the front , the legs , the back , you name it . Really poor quality and they 've put us off Pampers for life . Stay away .
 The overall quality of Pampers has gone down so much and babydry is worse of all . after just two hours of putting it on , it breaks and actually all the inside material comes out . I had to vacuum so many times after having such incidents . no more babydry for us .
 These are awful . I have to change these constantly because they do not pull moisture away from baby 's bottom . So annoyed that I bought such a big box .
 I have been using Pampers Swaddlers for my son -LRB- now 13 months old -RRB- and highly recommend THIS brand of Pampers . My goal was to order the same brand from Amazon but the only brand available on Amazon was Pampers Baby Dry diapers so I decided to give it a try , because after all , it is still made by Pampers , a name I trust . I do NOT recommend Baby Dry diapers . My son would stay dry in the Swaddlers but ironically he was soaking wet in the Baby Dry diapers . The diaper does not hold the wetness which would become saggy once wet and leak up the front , so he would be wet all over , in his diaper , his pjs , and his bedding , overnight in this diaper . He also developed more diaper rashes from wearing this diaper compared to the other one . I love the delivery service Amazon provides , but I will not get Baby Dry again .
 These leak so bad . Any time my 1 yr old goes number two , I have to change his clothes and mine . His PJs are soaked around the diaper if he sleeps through the night . I am terribly disappointed . I love pampers swaddlers for babies and thought I would try these to save some money , well no money was saved because I feel like I use double the diapers to keep my `` baby dry ''
 Even though they do n't leak , I hate the fact that the baby smells poop all the time . The diaper gets wet and then the baby and all his clothes smell terrible . Also I do n't like them because they do not seem as natural on the baby 's skin as the Huggies . Huggies are for sure a better option ! I will never buy them again !
 I am not a fan of the pampers baby dry . I have a 16 month old and when the diaper gets wet it starts to sag in the bottom to the point where it looks funny and I am sure is uncomfortable for her . The fact that she is such a mover I think makes this not a great diaper for her age . The pamper cruisers are great and that is what she is wearing now . Before I could not decide between the baby dry size 5 and the cruisers size 5 because I really did n't know what the difference was and now I do ! The fit !
 I bought these diapers for my 6 month old daughter after using Swaddlers since she was born . The coupon was only for the Baby Dry and with a name like that , would you think anything else than a dry baby ??? Guess again . These diapers are terrible . Of course I got the largest quantity too , 246 diapers , for $ 38.99 . Boy I thought I was making out like a bandit ! I changed my daughter tonight at 6:15 and it 's 8:15 and she 's soaked through to her clothes . And every single morning after sleeping a full 10 hours , she 's got wet sheets and blankets . I can not believe how disappointing this item is . I am shocked that Pampers even makes a diaper like this , when they have Swaddlers on the market . Please , if you are reading this before you switch over , DO NOT BUY THE BABY DRY . I am devastated that I am stuck with 200 more of these awful diapers .
 I have been using Pampers Cruisers and wanted to try Baby Dry to see how they worked . They are fine for during the day but horrible for at night . My little girl woke up cold due to her diaper did n't hold in what it should have overnight which made her onesie soaked in the morning . Will NOT buy anymore Baby Dry ... Wondering if maybe I can exchange ????
 Not the latest product . Does not have wet line indicator like the new ones . You need to keep on checking at the diaper to find out if it is wet .
 I had been a fan of Pamers brand since my baby was a just a day older . I loved pamper 's Cruiser but Baby Dry no longer keeps the baby dry . It gets saturated very quickly and sometimes leaks . With Pamper 's Baby Dry diapers , you will have to change diapers very frequently -LRB- on an average every 3 to 4 hours -RRB- as it will hold just one pee then start to sag . It is cheaper for more diapers and I thought it was a good deal but you get what you paid for . I do n't understand why so good quality name Pamper brand started producing so poor quality product . I am no longer ordering this product .
 I ordered these new born pamer diapers in advance so I would be prepared for when my baby came . To my surprise these diapers were a bit larger then the new born pamper ones the hospital sent me home with and they did n't have the stripe indicator that turns blue for when they have a wet diaper which is important when dealing with a new born . I havent used the diapers yet i ordered from Amazon because they r a bit too big for my new born , even though they say new born on the box and they do n't have the stripe indicator ... . I would n't recommend getting these new born diapers .
 Until I moved to the us I used only pampers , but I have to say that the us pampers are less good and more expensive then the israeli version.My children wake up in the middle of the night due to wet diaper , with the Israeli version of pampers it never happend
 Like many other reviewers on here , we tried Baby Dry diapers as an alternative to Swaddlers and were sorry that we did . On a baby who is still on breast milk , the diapers resulted in feces going up their back and stomach , which soaked clothing , blankets and whatever else she happen to be touching . Our daughter 's onesie was completely saturated in fecal matter , so we had to cut it off of her as to not get it on her face while trying to pull it over her head . So we lost $ 50 and a onesie , had to wash the bouncer , blanket , and my clothing , but we gained 276 useless diapers . It seems like you 'd be better off using a handkerchief instead of Baby Dry diapers . I could only imagine the damage if she were on solid foods . Now that we 're out diapers that work , we have to run to Babies-R-Us to get Swaddlers until the ones from Amazon arrive .
 These leak every single day ! Please avoid and save yourself money , time , misery and agony.We committed the mistake of buying a big pack .
 We used the Pampers Swaddlers -LRB- NB and Size 1 -RRB- prior to these . I ordered these thinking they were the next in the Size 2 line ; however , our baby is constantly leaking and smells like pee immediately after a diaper change . We are going to switch back to the swaddlers and hope that solves the issue . They may cost a little more , but hoping they keep our daughter dry . Since she is only 13 pounds , there was no need to move her to size 3 as someone recommended . I would think twice before ordering the Baby Dry .
 I am very unhappy with these diapers . I usually purchase Pampers Cruisers but this was such a good deal and being named BABY DRY ! They leak everynight !!
 After reading the baby dry reviews , I bought a pack of 228 -- BIG MISTAKE ! They feel ultra soggy after 2 hours -LRB- the other brands do not -RRB- and I ca n't even go without changing her after her early morning feeding . When we do change her , it seems like the diaper is n't wicking the moisture away properly as she seems a little damp -LRB- yes , even after just 2 hours -RRB- . I 'm dissatisfied that the box says 12 hour protection , when it really maxes out at about 4 hours . Even my husband asked me why I bought the crappy brand :-LRB- We absolutely love the swaddlers and swaddlers sensitive -- they both make it through the night -LRB- anywhere from 8-12 hours -RRB- for my 3 month old daughter . I 'm a little disappointed in Pampers right now because we have loved all their other products , but now I feel like I 'm stuck with 200 + diapers that I paid for and probably wo n't use .
 My baby wakes up everyday with wet clothes in front ! Not something we have every had in the past 13 mo 's with other brand diapers . Would not buy these diapers again . The fabric is soft and the diaper is not stiff I do like the texture and overall feel but when the baby is waking up wet and mad this needs to be addressed . Defiently not Baby dry ! Overall not satisfied .
 I keep trying Pampers . With my daughter , they leaked and did n't fit well . With my son , I have tried Baby Dry and Cruisers at different stages and still , they fit awful . The tabs feel cheap and they do n't stretch as well as Huggies . I give up on Pampers . Some store brand diapers fit and stretch better .
 My baby was extremely sore after using one of these diapers for just one day . I am sending my order back because of this . No wonder it was such a great price !
 It 's okay if I have n't use pampers dry max before . Compare to dry max , dry diaper ca n't absorb much and it makes the diaper heavy . So need to change the diapers frequently if using dry diapers . My 4 month old daughter is having her first diaper rash after she starts using dry diapers -LRB- Previously she used dry max -RRB- . So I wo n't buy dry diapers anymore .
 As soon as I got these diapers I was surprised at how light and thin they were and I was also worried about the absorbent pad not running all the way to the back . The next day my fears were realized and I got poop all over my shorts . It leaked right out the back . These diapers have a cheap look to them and they perform that way too . I still have about 240 of these left so it will be a long month ! My wife thought it was pretty funny though .
 Not a fan of these diapers . I have a son , and these diapers leaked all the time . I usually use Huggies and they rarely leak ! Thought I would try these because I love the Swaddlers for newborns . Looks like I will be switching back to Huggies .
 This is my first time using Pampers . I 've used them consistently for almost a month . Is it just me or do they seem to be soaking wet ALL the time . I put them on my daughter and an hour later it 's soaked and needs to be changed . Unless I can them for free again , I would n't purchase again .
 I bought these for my 5 month old because I thought they would be as good as the Swaddlers since Pampers are the best diapers , but I was sadly mistaken . The Baby Dry diapers would leak after only 1 hour of being used . It seemed like the urine would be collected in the front by the turqoise lining , but once it was full , it would bubble up & leak . One night I had to change the crib sheets twice ... these diapers were a nightmare !!! Never again would I buy these .
 In the past year , I 've come to appreciate and only purchase the Pampers brand for my growing daughter 's needs . After reaching 15 months of age , however , the diaper was n't able to keep hold up to overnight use and I started using a nighttime diaper from a different manufacturer . As grandmothers and others watch the baby , they do n't know which diaper to use at which time , so I 've completely switched from Pampers to another more sturdy brand that does n't leak and does n't cause wet mornings .
 BEWARE !!! Just because the box looks like Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max Diapers , these are NOT the same . My son is now 5 mo. old and we 've been using Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max diapers since he was born -LRB- you know , with the blue wetness indicator on the front -RRB- . However , these are NOT Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max . These are thinner , do not have the woven material inside the diaper and are not nearly as absorbent as the Swaddlers . My son has leaked out of his diaper the last 5 nights ... these diapers simply are not absorbent enough to contain a night 's worth of pee . We rarely had this problem with Dry Max . I wo n't be buying these again - they simply are n't worth the very little cost savings .
 We went from Swaddlers Sensitive to Baby Dry and were so disappointed after less than a week that we gave them away and went back to the Swaddlers . First of all not only did they leak urine -LRB- EVERY night woke up soaked -RRB- but even during the day when I changed my four month old 's diaper after only a couple of hours his skin was very damp . Now he 's never had a diaper rash , and all Ive ever used to keep him dry were the swaddler and baby powder but with these diapers I started using desitin just to keep the urine off his skin . They also couldnt hold in his poops . EVERY time he pooped -LRB- not exaggerating -RRB- it was a complete blow out , down his legs , up the back of his clothes . We NEVER had this problem with the Swaddlers . I also have to agree with the post about them being too thin , feeling recycled and rough against babys skin . The Swaddlers are MUCH better .
 I purchased the Pampers Baby Dry by mistake and I hated them . They leak and they are hard . Pampers Swaddlers are excellent they NEVER leak , they are soft and comfortable for my baby boy . Stick with the Swaddlers or you 'll not only be changing the babies diaper more often but you 'll be changing the babies clothes and bedding too .
 These leak about every other time my baby poops . I purchased them accidentally thinking I was getting the Swaddlers . Will NEVER buy these again , just terrible !!
 My bundle of joy is 4.5 mo old and none of the other diapers leaked until I started using this one . I tried other brands , Huggies , Luv and also Pampers Swaddlers and they all work fine except this one .
 These pampers are not good quality as compared to same brand product available on any other retailer store . The problem with these pampers are the poor absorption and also the velcora waist is not good quality . I would not recommend for future buy .
 I do n't often write reviews but I feel I need to . I have twin girls and have found that everytime I use Pampers they leak . The sizing is correct based on the label but they do not absorb enough through the night . I have had to change sheets many times . I do not find this happens with other diapers and Pampers are expensive .
 These pampers were the worst , my son was soaked . Every nightI Switched to o overnight ones which are great , no leaks
 The quality of these diapers just does n't compare to Huggies . They do n't hold up overnight for my 18 month old . I 'm just sorry I bought 192 of these diapers !
 I was shocked at how poor these diapers were for a name brand . My 2 year old would constantly pee through these after being in one for only an hour ! The Target diapers and the Huggies work much better for my son .
 I bought many times pampers but this product seems to me particular bad . The pad in the middle is so thin that does n't hold much urine . Stay away from this one !
 Decided to try these as a cheaper alternative to Earths Best diapers . Since I read they do n't have Drymax , I thought it would be okay to use . Within the first day of use , my child started getting a reddish rash . It went away as soon as we stopped using these . My feeling is that it is due to the blue colored absorbent material and/or the scent . I did not realize the diapers had a scent , since I was used to the EB diapers .
 As another reviewer has mentioned , Pampers has changed the design . We also hate the new design , but Amazon has the old design in stock . There 's unfortunately no difference at all in the box or product labeling , so I suppose what you get is open to chance .
 these diapers are basicly the same as a size 1 but the problem is that you ca n't get something comapable to a size 2 , I ordered size 3 after these no longer fit and the things are huge and constantly leak . hope pampers sees this and goes back to old sizing because pampers are the best for leaks etc but this stupid 1-2 combo is insane !!!
 I love pampers swaddlers , but these are less expensive for a reason . The Baby Dry line has the blue colored inner liner -LRB- gel ? -RRB- which is not as absorbent as swaddlers . The first diaper we tried leaked after just about 1 hour of use . We sent the box back and bought the swaddlers again . Amazon made the return easy , and even set up the UPS pickup at our door , which was a plus .
 Used pampers cruisers , just loved them , for over 2 yrs ... then they just stopped making those and started baby dry . I hate these . Leak all the time . I dont understand pampers , why fix whats not broken ?? Now have ordered huggies , hope they are better.neeta.doc.nita@gmail.com
 These diapers are too expensive and leaky than other diapers . Usually i do n't buy them because of high cost but I bought them for the first time thinking that they will be gud but they were the oppsosite . They leak if you forget to change a diaper before the baby sleeps . I usually use LUVS DIAPERS . They are far betther than these and cheaper as well . I made a great mistake thinking that if it is expensive it will be good.People do n't waste your money in this junk product .
 We have been using Pampers Cruisers , I got these by mistake . These are not anywhere near as good as the Cruisers .
 my son is 19 mos old , so at this point we have tried A LOT of different diaper brands - from target to bj 's to huggies to luvs to seventh generation to babies ` r ` us . we just started using pampers recently - this was only our 2nd box and i have just switched my subscription back to luvs because i 've had it with the constant issues i 've had with these . they are the most expensive brand out there and so i figured the quality would be top-notch . not the case AT ALL . i have never , repeat NEVER had diaper tabs instantly rip off on me , but it has happened no less than 6 or 7 times per box with these diapers , making them useless -LRB- i tried taping the remaining nub to the diaper just so as to not waste them , but it does n't hold -RRB- . we also had one of them bust open on us , spilling little gel balls aaaaall over my son 's room . i 've literally had issues with and had to throw out almost 15 diapers in just the past two months that we 've been using them - issues that i 've NEVER had with any other diaper brand over 17 months of use . they are truly horrible and way overpriced . the only plus that i can see with these is that they are thinner than the rest . that 's about it . back to luvs we go ...
 Hey guys.I love that these diapers are thin to start with and also holds a lot however I will not purchase again after these 2 boxes I recently ordered are finished . Here 's why : Although these diapers are thin & sits high on waist -LRB- so the strap does n't rub against sons thigh and cause bruising . . as occurred with the huggies brand -RRB- The BIGGEST fallback is that it is made up of silicone particles -LRB- the absorbent -RRB- in the diaper itself and when wet , if child runs around -LRB- like my VERY active toddler -RRB- then the diaper tears and the silicoe particles fall out the side.Today was the 5th time this has happened in the space of 2 weeks . I DO change his diapers frequently and now I do it even more than I did with the huggies in fear that the silicone will fall out and give him a rash or dirty the floor . It is a mess to clean up , there 's silicone ` powder ' everywhere.Tonight I 've pretty much had it with these diapers . My son -LRB- 19months -RRB- was running around kicking his ball and when it was time to change him , there was a big glob of silicone at the foot of his pants . Luckily he was wearing his thermal pants so the elastic band was very close fitting to his ankles and this is what kept the majority , not all , of the silicone within his pants and off the carpet.In summary . These diapers and thin and does not leak BUT these 2 factors do not make up for the huge downfall of having silicone particles all over the place . Thank God he has not gotten a rash from it as yet.I do not recommend this specific type -LRB- Baby dry -RRB- of pampers because I have not tried the other types from Pampers .
 I bought these daipers but they are not very absorbent . I got some from the hospital when We were discharged those daipers were awsome . I had the same problem with my first baby and I had t go find those pamper daipers from target . The price is very good on Amazon but I am not very pleased with the product . It doesnt absorb much and then the baby is wet and in winter changing clothes frequently for new born is not fun .
 I wo n't use it again.very low quality . I feel the frequency with which I change these , adds up the cost.so better to buy a good quality diaper .
 I used these once when my son was a size two and they seemed fine . Recently , I ordered them in a size 4 since the price was good . For the first two nights , they leaked everywhere including the gel out of them . It was pretty gross . I will use them during the day until they are gone and wo n't buy them again . I hear babies are different though when it comes to diapers . My best friend ONLY uses these and the rest leak for her.I am going back to my Costco diapers .
 I normally buy Pampers Cruisers , I will not buy these again . They seem really cheap , plastic like , I do n't like the smell . Yuck , ca n't wait for the jumbo pack to be done !
 We started off with the Pampers Swaddlers , and I bought these ones by mistake . Since I had them , and the reviews were quite good , I decided to keep them . They claim to have an ` ultra absorb core for outstanding leakage protection ' , but my baby is 10 lbs -LRB- size 1 is for 8-14lbs -RRB- , and after about 5 hours , she had actually leaked through and out onto her outfit ! Not just a bit , but palpably and visibly wet ! I would pay the extra money and buy the Swaddlers , which is what I have done .
 If your child has sensitive skin DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND . Our child suffered for 3 months with total body rash - we thought it was due to food allergies , but it was actually due to the diaper . Pampers use TOO MUCH DYE on the images on the diapers . The dye is totally unnecessary . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY , even more so , DON `` T SUBJECT YOUR BABY TO unnecessary CHEMICALS and ALLERGENS.TERRIBLE PRODUCT !!!!!
 I 've been using Amazon for years and this is the first time I 've left a comment because I hope that you wo n't waste your money like I did . I have 2 sons . My baby uses the Swaddlers and my toddler uses Cruisers . When Cruisers was unavailable online , I thought , the Baby Dry ca n't be that much different , they both are made by Pampers , right ? WRONG !! I have been washing wet bed sheets and pjs every single morning for 2 weeks since my toddler used the Baby Dry . It can not hold anything . I had my son pee in a clean Baby Dry standing straight , waited for a minute , then took the diaper off . The pee was dripping out from the diaper . It was the worst diaper we have ever tried . I heard that Pampers changed the Cruisers to be thinner as well . I am giving Huggies a try now . Though it was not as soft as Pampers , I have not need to wash the wet bed sheet or pjs for the past week . Now I have a big box of Baby Dry diapers sitting in my garage that I ca n't decided if I should donate ...
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I tried all the different diapers before converting to cloth pocket diapers . We used these Pampers for a few months before swearing off disposables completely . Pampers do n't hold leaks and are filled with so many chemicals that they gave my baby a rash . I felt horrible about using something that filled up the trash so fast !
 I purchased Pampers Baby Dry size 4 thinking it was a good price for the Brand Name . However , only a couple hours after placing the diaper on my baby , it began to leak through the front panel . The diaper was hardly full , but my baby 's clothes were damp . These diapers definitely do n't make it through the night either . All the diapers in this box have been this way . Maybe my Pampers box was a just a lemon . Good luck .
 I bought a pack of the Baby Dry diapers for what I thought would be for night-time use and use our Cruiser subscription for day use . We have a 20-mos boy and we do not like the Baby Dry at all ; my son has woken up a few times with urine soaked shirts and shorts so aside from being unhygenic , these diapers just lack the quality or thickness that the Cruisers are so we 'll be cancelling our subscription for them . LOVE CRUISERS for day and overnight use though .
 I have 4 boys and have always alternated -LRB- for price -RRB- between Pampers and Huggies . Both diapers have gone downhill in the last 6 months . They have less absorbency , the top of the diaper in the front constantly explodes and overnight is out of the option . The strip is not as wide to catch urine , it 's been cut down . Constantly waking up with both my twins soaking wet , the diaper has exploded and the more generic absorbing material sticks to everything . We 've had to change out the sheets , clothes and anything else everyday . Several times , the diapers have ripped apart so bad , they needed immediate baths from all the gel coming out . I 've grown more concerned , that since it 's coming out so bad , it 's coming out of the buttons of their clothes and them eating it . Is this a ploy to get people into buying the almost 3 times more expensive overnights ? I do n't know , but they certainly are n't what they have been for the last 8 years .
 Having used Pampers for the last year and been very happy with them I was more than shocked when this last box arrived and the absorbency pad was half as thick as it used to be . Needless to say - my son ca n't even make it through a nap without soaking through his diaper let alone the night time . I am now switching to Huggies in hopes of not having to get up at 3am to changed a sopping wet , screaming child .
 I tried these because I used Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers in the past and liked them -LRB- before switching to 7th Generation diapers temporarily because of concerns over my baby 's skin sensitivity -RRB- . The price enticed me to buy these , and I was really disappointed . They felt cheap and the performance was poor . LOTS of leaking , in my opinion . Her sheets and clothes all smelled like urine continuously . I could n't wait to get rid of them . I bought Cruisers in the same size to replace them , and they were a lot bigger . Just an opinion , but to me I 'd rather pay more for diapers that work better .
 We have always used Pampers Swaddlers and loved them , but they only go up to size 3 . Now that my daughter is 14 months old , we needed to move her to size 4 . I ordered an economy pack of Pampers Baby Dry diapers and she has a terrible rash . I do n't think she has particularly sensitive skin , either . We 've tried Pampers Cruisers before and will definitely be moving back to those . Although , I do n't like this particular product of Pampers , it 's the only brand that does n't leak for us !
 Got two kids have used tons of diapers from various brands big and small - but was never appalled at its quality like my experience with this one . These diapers invariably leak on a regular basis and seem to have very little absorption capacity . Its hard to believe that this comes from Pampers , I have been pretty satisfied with them in the past . I hope this is a one-off , but it does make me a little apprehensive picking up Pampers again .
 I have a 2 Year old boy and ever since he was born I use Pampers because they where the best product that work . I started with Pamper swaddlers , baby dry , cruisers and night time pampers . For the 36 months of using this product I had a couple of licks as usual but recently Pampers Baby Dry are not the same . THE DIAPER QUALITY HAS CHANGED ; they are thinner and feel just like any generic brand diaper and they do n't hold up to 12 hours as they claim . After using many diaper brands I chose Pampers because I had less licks but now it does n't matter . I 'm very disappointed because I spend a lot of money on diapers that are not up to the price . My Son 's Baby Dry Diapers is just as good as generic diapers now . After 36 months o buying the same diaper I noticed the difference on the quality change ; thank you Pampers Inc for making a despicable quality Diaper for a higher price .
 I used pampers swaddlers then switched to baby dry to save money . To me there is no comparison . I have never had a leak with the swaddlers . Almost every time I have put my baby in the baby dry , particularly at night , she wakes up with a wet onesie . I thought that it might be a size issue -LRB- maybe they were too big -RRB- . But , I waited a couple of months and they are still leaking .
 These diapers crack and leak all over ! On the bright side however , baby never has a rash with these . So they keep her bum dry and her onesies soaked . hmmmm ... Is there a happy medium ?
 I decided to buy this over the cruisers since i 'd save a few dollars and get a few extra diapers at the same time . Unfortunately , this diaper would fall apart in my hands as I opened it to put it on my son . In addition , my son would leak . So i decided to go back to the cruisers and have been happy since . No more leaky diapers .
 I buy these diapers through subscribe and save , so they come out at reasonable price . BUT the quality is not good enough . My daughter is a pretty good pooper and these diapers spil all the time ! I have to change her clothes or wash sheets and mattress cover every day ! The money I save on diapers i spend on detergent , energy and water.Huggies are so much better !
 I got these diapers for my retarted uncle . He suffered a kick to the head from a horse at 15 when he was trying to shave his back end . Ever Sence my uncle has been unable to do basic bodly functions . So we put these on him after we hose him down . He just loves the feel on his chaped hairless hair . Saddly to say tho after a night with a hungry man meal my poor uncle blew the ass end out of these diapers ! The smell was terrable and my Dad had to get the hose and not only beat my uncle he also had to hose down our poor cat . I called up the manufactor trying to get them to pay for the damages . They refused !!!!
 We have been given Huggies , Luvs , and Pampers Swaddlers as gifts for our baby and so I feel like we have pretty much seen all the diapers that are on the market for a size 1 baby . I got to feeling creative one day at the store and picked these up because I had a coupon . I got the smallest number of them available and I am glad I did.To start , my baby hates having her diaper changed . But we have been using the Pampers Swaddlers and the Huggies Newborns on her , both of which are soft and flexible . And they fit her right . So when I open the package and see how scratchy and thin these are , I am skeptical but decided to try it out anyway . I put them on baby she screams her head off , louder and more violently than usual . And I honestly ca n't blame her . These crummy diapers do n't fit well either , big gap around the top of the diaper where her belly and diaper should `` seal '' . The first and only time she wore these , she got `` muddy '' and it rushed up and out the top of this diaper . I can not tell you how mad we both were and I went right back to the store to get my money back . They would n't take them so I tried donating them to a local group of twin moms and got no takers there either . That says a lot considering how many diapers a twin parent goes through in a day!These Baby-Dry diapers are HORRIBLE and I would not recommend to anyone , even on sale or with a coupon or FREE ! If I could put 0 stars I would . I hope that the Pampers Cruisers are as soft and cushiony as the swaddlers , otherwise I think we will be off Pampers when baby outgrows the size 2 Swaddlers .
 OK , this is the first review I have ever written for Amazon and I order most of my baby 's things through the site . I just got back back from walking around the grocery store with baby poop smeared on my shirt because of these silly diapers . We 've been using Swaddlers since birth but for some reason , between size 3 and 4 , we switched to Baby Dry ... He 's never had many issues peeing through diapers during the night or # 2 blow-outs but we 've had something happen everyday with these diapers . Today 's blow-out on the way home from work was the final straw . They do not fit as snugly around his thighs , and I think that may be causing the leaking issues . During the night , the pee soaks through the top on the front . He 's a pretty thick baby so I 'm blaming the diapers!I am switching back to Swaddlers Sensitive today .
 I 'm a new mom and was first I introduced to pampers swaddlers at the hospital ... nice fit , wetness indicator stripe , no leaks , good absorption . Well I ordered a case of babydry by mistake thinking they were all the same . I was wrong . The baby dry are ill fitting , poorly constructed diapers that do n't even need a wetness indicator because you 'll see it all around your baby 's sheets !!! You have to always make sure to fasten them up high and tight if not they 'll leak . Also if your baby has runny stools good luck . Sometimes they 'll catch it other times they wo n't . I also do n't like how they have a plastic bag feel to them . Maybe it 's just me , but my rating stays a one star .
 I bought these not knowing that they are Pampers `` bargain '' brand . Well , they are certainly no bargain , they are a waste of money . They make the claim that they offer 12 hours of protection but I can hardly squeeze a few hours of protection until they leak or blow out the back . I will definitely NEVER buy these again . The swaddlers are much better diapers
 I figured for the price I 'd give pampers dry a chance and now I 'm incredibly disappointed with this product . I 'm not exactly why it 's called `` Pampers Dry '' since it does a horrible job at absorbing urine . On many occasions I 'd have to change my baby 's clothes simply because the urine has run up her back and wet her clothes along with my bedsheets.I 'm going back to Swaddlers !
 I wish there had been SOMETHING in the product description that said these diapers were SCENTED ! You 'd think you 'd have to claim that . Now , who knows if i 'll be able to return them as i did open the package , only to find they are scented . my kids ca n't wear these !
 I bought these because I had a really good deal . Unfortunately , the deal was too good to be true . My daughter consistently pees out of the front when she wakes up in the morning . During the day , these diapers are fine because she lets us know when she has peed . I would n't put them on at night . They tend to leave little opaque pebbles on her butt . As for the sizing , they tend to run big with tabs made for newborns . I would use these at daycare or in the diaper bag because you can get 5-6 diapers in a small bag . Right now , I would rank generic diapers from HEB -LRB- I live in Texas -RRB- better than Pampers .
 I 've been diapering babies for the last 12 years straight and have always loved pampers . My kids are sensitive to other brands so I have to use the name brands and pampers never lets me down . Until this box . I have purchased this brand/size/box count before -LRB- months ago -RRB- with no problems but for some reason every single diaper in this last box leaks . He is soaking wet every time I put one on him . It does n't matter if he 's awake or asleep he 's soaked through his onesie , shirt , and pants as soon as he goes . It 's almost as if there 's nothing absorbant in there . The urine leaks through the entire outside cover . I thought maybe it was the baby at first so I kept using them but after switching back to cruisers and another name brand in the same size no leaks at all . Now I have a huge box of expensive diapers I ca n't use . Not happy !
 Pampers Baby Dry is a huge misnomer ... they are terrible for urine intake ! If your baby sleeps on their tummy through the night ... YOU WILL WAKE UP WITH A WET BABY AND WET SHEETS/EVERYTHING ! Use Pampers Swaddlers ... at least until after size 3 as that is the largest size Swaddlers they make for some reason . You can thank me later . BABY DRY = WET BABY ~ ~ !!!
 3 out of 7 mornings my son wakes up WET ! I have had better luck with off-brand diapers ! Very disappointed ! : -LRB- will NOT buy again !!
 I typically use the pampers swaddlers and thought this would be a good cheaper alternative . These diapers tended to give off gel balls more and worst of all did not have a wetness indicator . Although the swaddlers are more expensive they 're definitely worth the money .
 I put my first son into Pampers , and my second son was wearing Pampers too , until today . Pampers meant quality until recently , but these overnight diapers break at the seams on the sides and leak , spilling the wet crystals . Not as an occasional accident but daily . I put my son into them during the day too , and they leak then too ! 12 hours of protection ???? They do n't even last a few hours ! I blamed my husband at first , suspecting `` bad diapering skills '' but we 've had diapers breaking daily now and it does n't matter day or night or who put the diaper on . I can only guess that Pampers changed the makeup up their diapers to cut down on costs -LRB- or rather to make more profit -RRB- . I 've been a loyal Pampers customer for the past five years , ever since the hospital nurse handed me the first tiny Pampers Swaddlers after my first son was born , and now I 'm switching . Pampers Baby Dry diapers are worthless junk . We 've started using Costco 's brand Kirkland diapers and have n't had a single accident . Shame on Pampers for ruining a good product !
 I had always been a loyal customer for pampers products . My son is now 11 months old and except for the first month , I had always used only pampers diapers and wipes . I have used these products in India and the quality was much better . I came to USA last month and since I had always used pampers , I went for pampers diapers again.To my dismay , the quality is so low but I thought that it would atleast work well . I have noted that it does n't last for more than 5 hours . I put the diaper on at 830PM in the night and must change it at around 2 AM in the morning . One day night I did n't change his diaper at 2 and I woke up at 3AM when my son woke up crying , I was so shocked to see the diaper gel lying all over the bed . The bed and the comforter was all covered with the gel that came out.I feel that pampers should atleast consider the health of babies and make sure that their products are upto the standards .
 This is the first time I ordered size 5 . It was a defective pack . The sides stick to the inside of the diaper when I try to open up the diaper to put it on my child . When I forcibly pull them apart , plastic is left on the area my daughters bum will be , as well as strands of plastic left hanging that I have to be careful to pick off so my child does n't get them . Hopefully it is just this pack . It still absorbs as Pampers usually do .
 Every night we put our 1 year old in one of these diapers , and most mornings he wakes up not just leaky , but with the seams of the diaper opened up and the absorbent material all over his clothes and skin ! But since we bought so many we have had to keep using them and dealing with this disgusting problem day after day.They are fine during the day , when we change him fairly often . But during the 12 hour night time they are useless . Huggies leak too , but at least they do n't explode .
 I 'm a Pampers fan ! From Swaddlers to Cruisers to Baby Dry . But when my daughter moved up to size 5 , the pamper leaks at night . She is a soaking mess in the morning . And the soaking is the particles in the diaper . The diaper literally falls apart . I bought one case and it 's is almost finished thankfully . Back to Cruisers we go !
 Will not buy again , save your money and just buy LUVS , the only advantage the baby dry have is that they smell good . We went thru almost twice as many diapers trying to keep our baby dry.lol
 I 've been using the Pampers brand since my daughter was born . I 've tried Luvs , Huggies , and store brand and they all did n't work . She was using Swaddlers until she got to size 4 and I bought these . They SUCK . The pamper seems harder and the strip on the inside is n't as long . And to top it all off , it gave more poor child a rash . Luckily I did n't get stuck with all these pampers because a friend of mine used these on her daughter and they were fine . I 'll be switching to the sensitive brand since they come in swaddlers .
 Felt cheap to the touch , very thin . AND THEY ARE SCENTED . I looked at the item posting AND the box and nowhere does it say scented . These arrived and they had a floral smell . I was not happy
 I received this off my baby shower registry . Luckily , we we 're over some really cushy carpet . The right latch -LRB- when facing forward -RRB- did NOT latch tight compared to the left one.My daughter fell out the right leg side , and hit the floor . If you own this , CHECK the strength of the left latch to the right.PLEASE just spend the extra dollar to get a carrier that has an actual locking mechanism . This thing kind of just slide latches into place and offers no real security . Please , please , please - invest in another one and if you own it check the integrity.I really ca n't stress this . Just check the strength , please ? I do n't want to read any other reviews besides mine of a baby falling from this carrier . You 'll be able to tell if its faulty by just comparing how easily the left side comes undone to the right one . If they 're both loose . . Than geez I do n't know.Good luck .
 After wearing this carrier for only 10 minutes with my 5 week old - who is only 9 1/2 lbs - my back was KILLING me ! It 's not worth the 20 bucks ... spend a bit more for the comfort .
 I am a big girl and my husband is a small guy . I was the first one to try to use this and no matter how I tried it was never comfortable . The baby was held too high . He was right under my chin so I had to look around him to try to do anything . I could n't bend over in fear of him falling out . After wearing my son for awhile my back started hurting . My husband tried it out and had the same problems . I decided to try a wrap . I found something called Moby Wrap . It is so much more comfortable and provides more positions for baby . When my son is old enough I may try to use this again as a back carrier . I think it may work better this way . It is definately not good for front carrying .
 I have tried using this since day one and every time I have used it , it has hurt my back . I do n't find it useful at all . For me , it 's easier to just carry my baby rather than put him in this . If you are in the market for a carrier , go for the Bjorn . It 's so much better , especially on your back !
 Our little one had reflux and anytime we put him in the carrier it was a royal mess . There was just enough pressure on his little belly to turn it into a projectile mess . I always felt like his little head was pressed to hard up against Mommy , or if folded down , it jabbed him in the chin . Great theory , but my little man just was n't comfortable .
 I 've used this carrier twice & did n't like it either time . I felt like my son was being suffocated & the support was very lousy . I guess you get what you pay for ... cheap price & cheap quality !!
 A nice , tightly designed little carrier , but not simple . I 'm still not able to get the baby into it and then lift him while adjusting the straps and etc. . If you 're very coordinated or you have someone else in the house all the time to help you , this is fine . Otherwise , look further !
 This carrier is a nightmare ... I bought this and have tried to use it so many times , only to take it off in utter frustration . First , when my son was a few weeks old , we tried it . He did n't like it because he was snuggled up to my breats and could n't move . Then a month later , we tried it again . He was ok for awhile , but this time I could n't get him out . Yesterday I put him in it , finally facing out . He looked super uncomfortable ! He wanted out within minutes . This time getting him out was ridiculous ... I think I have `` last years '' model , as mine looks slighly different from the picture . I ordered mine approximately 10 months ago . I think they have lowered the back so the baby can see out better when facing out . I hope they have worked on the hinges that are supposed to be able to lock with one hand . -LRB- right ! -RRB- Anyway , it sure has not worked well for me at all . Wish I would have spent more money and got a better one .
 I received the Snugli as a gift ... PROS
 I ca n't wear this item for more than 30 min . at a time b/c it hurts my back so bad ! I 've never had back problems , so that 's not the issue . It just does n't have any back support . Save the $ 20 !
 I received this as a gift . I was registered for the baby bjorn . Since it was a gift I decided to keep it . I used it once . It was horrible . it was hot outside , but my 6 week old daughter was sweating in it . It says it 's breathable , but in 80 degree weather it was too hot . Also it made my back sore . Okay for quick trips , but if going out for several hours I suggest investing some money in an adjustable baby sling or pouch like Maya Wrap . There 's several brands out there .
 I used this carrier for about 2 weeks and it was soooo uncomfortable . I sold it on ebay . I instead decided to spend the money for a Baby Bjorn and Im so glad I did . I love the Baby Bjorn .
 Every time I put Port in this carrier he cried . I could n't figure it out . One day He HAD to be in it because I had a dr appt and we were waiting . I could n't get him to stop crying unless I held him up higher then all of his weight in the carrier . It became quite clear . It was hurting his -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- boy parts . I left the carrier at the dr 's office . Something that I also noticed was the material between his legs was far to wide and tight . Since then we have moved to a native sling and LOVE it . He 's comfy and I 'm comfy.The reason I gave it 2 stars is it is comfortable wearing it and I have a cracked tail bone .
 While some people may find that the snugli carrier is ideal for them , I have found that it is not so for me . While It is easy to get the baby in and out of the carrier , it is not easy on one 's back . There are no lower straps , so all the weight is put on your upper back . After about fifteen minutes of carrying my baby , I get a backache . Considering that I carried my baby a lot , this meant I got a backache a lot . Also , while the snugli supposedly carries babies up to 26 pounds , I found that my son started feeling like he was a tight fit at 14 pounds .
 I used this once when my baby was about a month old and the carrier was really tight under his armpits . His arms were forced upward , looking like a bird trying to fly . So I tried it again when he was 4 1/2 months . Now the openings for his legs are not big enough -LRB- facing away from me ... like the bigger babies are supposed to sit in it -RRB- . His legs looked like they were losing circulation , so I had to take him out . This product was not thoughtfully made in my opinion . Not to mention , the clasps that open and close so you can put the child in are not easy to use . I wish I 'd bought something else .
 The snugli displayed was blue & black in color but the one I recieved was khaki which was very disappointing as I had ordered it because I liked the color combination in particular.So be careful when u order this product as there is no guarantee that the displayed color will be sent to u.Also the snugli was not clean so I assume it was a used one or was kept in the warehouse for a long time where it collected all that dust ...
 I received this as a shower gift . I 've used it many times . I discovered that I really love to wear my baby as opposed to pushing her around in the stroller . It 's so nice to be able to `` hold '' her when she is upset and still have my hands free to do other things , like housework or cooking dinner . I have several different baby carriers ranging from the snugli to ring slings . My feelings on the snugli are this ... It does n't have any sort of back support and after a good hour or so of wearing my baby in the snugli , my back and neck are screaming . I 've read that the snugli is bad for baby 's hips , too , so that does n't make me feel to great about it . I recently borrowed the BEST carrier from a friend , it 's called and ERGO baby carrier . It is the best thing ever invented !!!!! It is soft and supports my back and neck , ugh , I could go on and on and on . I say , skip the cheesy snugli and invest in an ERGO !!!
 I am a loyal Britax user . We have 3 Britax car seats . I purchased the Wizard for my 6 month old because of the `` improved side-impact protection '' . While I am certain my child would be very protected in the event of a collision , we will never be able to see because he wo n't sit in the seat for more than 10 seconds . The headrest wraps completely around the sides of the head , which not only prevents movement , it prevents him from seeing anything that is not directly in front of him . So , he ca n't see out the car window . He is bored , and seems to feel completely trapped . I would definitely not recommend this car seat . Try the Marathon or Roundabout instead -- they are great !
 Everytime my 7 month old fell asleep , his head would flop forward and get stuck unger the headrest and he would scream . I exchanged it for the Britax Decathlon . I love Britax and realize this carseat may work great for some , but not for me . Maybe for a larger child with good head control would do better .
 When I bought this seat I heard nothing but great things about it , I even had an EMT recommend it to me , it was great for my son as he was big for his age and I figured I needed it when he was 6 months old , I only wanted to buy one car seat and this would be it as it said up to 80 lbs . Will it is up to 65lbs not 80lbs , not to big of a deal until a few months ago . My son now 27 months old likes to throw things behind him and then cry for me to get it while I am driving . Well one day he threw a toy behind him and did n't cry about it , I looked back and he had it in his hand . He had push the top buckle down and got his arms out of the seat and could turn almost completely around . This made me very nervous and when I called Britax they said well sorry ma ` ma , but we ca n't help it if your child can get himself out of the carseat . Are you kidding me should n't they be testing these things ? Carseats should keep our children safe even from themselves . Then just this evening we were on our way home and again he took his arms out of the seat , I pulled over and put him back in . A few mintues later he did it again and again I pulled over and put him back in . And a third time he takes his arms out and before I could pull over he had unbuckled both the top and the bottom belt and he was standing in the back of the car . What a horrifing feeling driving in a car while my 27 month old is completely out of his carseat . Thank goodness nothing happened to him , but every second counts . A carseat should be safe in an accident as well as safe from the child who is sitting in it . Please be careful when considering any carseat purchase . It is your childs life we are talking about .
 I just bought this product and used it for 2 days . I do n't feel this product is safe . The headrest is dangerous . My child fell asleep and must have leaned forward . Next thing I knew she was crying . When I was able to pull over , her head was stuck underneath the headrest . It was positioned in the lowest position possible . She is 6 months old and tall for her age -LRB- 27 '' -RRB- so I know it was n't because she was too short . Needless to say , I have returned it and am getting another covertible seat . I do n't have anything against Britax , just this particular brand .
 My 3 year old reachs between his legs to pull up the velcro flap which covers the strap and ratchet device that keep the shoulder straps tight and secure . Once he grabs the strap he just has to tug lightly to release the shoulder straps , he then leans forward loosening the straps with his weight . Once he has done this all bets are off he can undo the buttons and he is free . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I received the Britax Companion carseat as a gift and I was searching for a Britax carseat that I can purchase for my child when he/she reaches up to 22lbs.-80lbs . I found out that amazon.com had given us the wrong information ... The Wizard is rated for children rear facing from 5 to 33 pounds and forward facing at least one year old and 20 to 65 pounds , up to 49 inches . < < < only up to 65 lbs . NOT 80 lbs . per BritaxUSA.com . In addition , I came across this at http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B0000BUSS6/102-0312258-2784138?v=glancePLEASE READ ... Dear Britax Owner
 We had a cheap monitor of the same type by `` First Years '' and thoought it great , then bought this one 10 months ago to use for my second child . The background noise is so bad that we ca n't use it in anything other than a noisy room . Also , there 's no warning when the battery goes so we once had my elder daughter crying for us and we had no idea - we did n't know the batteries had died.Absolutely not worth any money - there are better options .
 This monitor is awful . I suggest you completely research monitors before purchasing ... I wish I did ! The static is so annoying . It is so bad that I will turn on the monitor every few minutes to check on the baby ... I wo n't leave in on due to the static . Sorry to complain , but I do n't want you wasting your money !!!
 This monitor has so much static ! We would always have to move it all over our bedroom just to find a good spot . Sometimes you can hear other babies crying ! When it comes through our monitor we ca n't tell if it is our baby or not ! And then to top it off , the cord broke so we ended up having to tape it to the monitor to keep it plugged in . Otherwise it would unplug by itself and we would wake up in the morning to find that it was off ! The only good thing about this product are the lights but you can find that on other ones . Do n't waste your money ... . keep looking !
 This monitor does not work well . This is a lot of static and it is not sensitive to sound . This one is going back .
 This is the worst . We suffered with the terrible static and screeching for five months . Recently went out and bought the Sony Baby Call 27 channel monitor . It is n't even in the same league . With the voice activation feature you hear nothing , I repeat nothing , unless the sound registers over a certain decibel . Amazing !! It was definitely worth the $ 50 . Just wish we never registered for this product .
 Do Not Buy ! The statice is terrible . I have it by my bedside to hear my girl at night but the static is so bad that I ca n't sleep . I can only use the light , so by the time I hear her , it 's too late , she 's lost it . Spend the money and buy a better one , I 'm going to .
 DO NOT BUY THIS MONITOR . It is horrible . All you hear is static . So much static that sometimes I do n't even hear my baby . The lights are always going on because of the noise from the static but sometimes the lights do n't work & ofcourse that is when my baby is making noise . I try to sleep with this on my night stand but ca n't because of the static . There are 2 channels . One has static and the other is the worst sound you will ever hear . This monitor makes me crazy listening to static all day & all night . I am going out tomorrow to purchase a new monitor . Do n't waste your money . You get what you pay for !
 I LOVE Fisher-Price , so I thought that I 'd be getting my money 's worth ... boy was I wrong . I should 've listened to the other reviewers . The receiver can be right next to the transmitter and you STILL get static . I tried all the suggestions . I tried different channels , made sure it was n't interfering with other products , etc , etc. . I STILL had horrible reception.It even picked up really strange sounds from elsewhere ... at night , it sounded like there were CB radios transmitting through it . I ca n't wait to bring it back to the store.I have the 900mz version for my older child ... I 'm going to invest the money and get one for our infant too .
 I put this monitor on my gift registry and it was the worst . It did work for all of two weeks than all you could hear was static no matter what I did it did not change .
 If we ever had another baby we will be buying a new monitor . This monitor is horrible ! If we plug it in , there is so much static that I ca n't hear anything else . If we use batteries , it sucks up too much and we are constantly replacing batteries . The only thing I will give credit to with this is the lights so you can see if the baby is awake if you do n't want to hear the sounds . We used that when we had company before .
 We can not use it anywhere in the house from all the static this thing gives off . We 've tried it all too , changing batteries , channels , rooms ... nothing helps ! I had one back in 1996 and it was wonderful , so I assumed that the new ones would be even better . I 'm very disappointed !
 I was really excited when I bought the monitor . The look and the light level features made me purchace it . BUT that 's not as important if the monitor does n't work . It actually scared the crap out of me b/c the receiver all of a sudden just gave out a loud constant static , which happens if the monitor is off . I knew that the monitor turned off , but I was n't expecting it to stop working . IT JUST STOPPED WORKING after the 3rd use . I still have hope and gon na exchange it tomorrow . Maybe it 's just this one that 's defective . I have n't had any interference problem w / it the 3 times I was using it .
 The reception on this monitor is n't great , and I 'm only using it in a small apartment where the baby is literally one room away and there are no closed doors between us . I did n't mind this too much since it basically suited my needs , but then this week the A/C adapter on the receiver broke . We 've only been using it for about two months , and it went from one day working fine to one day needing to wiggle the plug to get it right to now the plug does n't work at all . I can still run that part on batteries , but for how much I 'll now spend on those I wish I 'd have just spent more for a better monitor .
 I used the monitor alot when my daughter was napping at home and it worked fine . However , the 400 ft range is not accurate . We used it this summer while camping . My daughter is now 18 months and we wanted it while she took naps and went to bed in the camper . I could barely walk 100 ft from the camper and it would all be static . I would recommend spending a little more money for a nicer one unless its just for a room to room monitor .
 I bought this because it was a fisher price product and I usually love fisher price , but this monitor was horrible . All I could hear was static , even when I was n't that far from my baby 's room . Save your money .
 This monitor is great if you use both the transmitter and receiver in the baby 's room . You know , like if you need to turn away from your baby in the crib and get a onesie from the dresser on the other side of the room , but you still want to hear what your baby would sound like if it was on the space shuttle ... well , then I suppose this crappy monitor might be ok . However , if you actually need a monitor that is useful , this is definitely not the product . Spend 50 bucks and get a real monitor !
 I have a two story house with the nursery upstairs , and a pack-n-play downstairs , so I wanted two monitors systems . I already had the two monitor long range system from fisher price , but now wanted just an inexpenive one for when my baby fell asleep downstairs because I could not hear him from upstairs . This monitor does the job , but does have a good amount of feedback . I am not sure if it is because I have it set up for too long of a distance , or because it was so inexpensive . I can clearly hear if my baby wakes up , but I also have to ignore the humming noise it makes while on . The noise gets louder , the higher I turn up the volume . My higher price monitor does not make any noise while on . I give it 2 stars because it does work , but the feedback is annoying .
 I put this monitor on my gift registry and it was the worst . It did work for all of two weeks than all you could hear was static no matter what I did it did not change .
 This monitor worked for awhile and then three of the lights lit up and I could n't hear my daughter through it over all of the static . I called Fisher Price and they sent me a new one but the same thing happened with the new one after a few weeks .
 The only nice thing about this monitor is the wave sounds & vibration feature on the part that attaches to the crib . It has horrible static no matter what channel it 's on or where it 's positioned . It also makes loud clicking noises for no reason and will even `` go offline '' occasionally so it does n't pick up the sound of my son crying at all . My son woke up recently and the monitor never picked up his crying so I do n't know how long he lay there crying until suddenly the monitor picked up his sound again & he was screaming ! This mom is not very happy with this at all & from what I 've been reading about other Fisher Price baby monitors I think they should get out of the baby monitor business .
 Have this unit in out house , we have the one with one base unit and two mobile units.A few things to note . The ones we had do not offer rechargeable batteries . It uses alkaline only , or if you have your own charger you could use rechargeable but would be nicer if it recharged while plugged in.We live in NYC , Queens to be exact . We hear taxi cab radio chatter over this at times , especially at night . Also if unit is close to base unit static is not too bad but still annoying in bedroom , BUT if you have it one floor away , forget it . Unless child is screaming all you hear is static . on both units.Only has two channels A & B which are set manually at both base and hand held units . So if you have a bad signal in middle of night , you have to go into child 's room and change channel . Just do n't wake the baby ! Ouch!Also missing a pager and a `` walkie talkie '' feature . They would be very nice . Not a deal breaker if they do n't have it BUT it can be handy especially if your two floors up with baby with a full diaper and Spouse is in basement and you need more diapers from Garage.I am about to have a second child , and I am replacing this unit with a better one , I am looking at one of the new digital units that have the noise/static reduction . Consumer Reports gave some of them their top marks . They are however way more pricey than these , some are near $ 200 and only one receiver . But they all have charging bases and most importantly they are static free with AUTO channel switching !
 When i used this piece of junk it did not pick up one sound !! The lights got bigger and static got louder when my duaghter cried , but I could not hear her voice . DO NOT BUY THIS MONITOR !! It is a waste of your money !!
 I returned this item after trying it for one night - all I could hear was STATIC !! It was just awful !! I too trusted the manufacturer - had another FP monitor prior that I loved , but the model was discontinued . This one is just NOT worth it !
 I bought this monitor because of it 's low price and it 's well known brand . However , I was really disappointed with this monitor . All I hear is static . I sometimes ca n't even hear my baby over the static . Not only is the static EXTREMELY annoying , it wakes me up in the middle of the night when it gets really loud all of a sudden . This product really sucks , so do n't waste your money . I only wish i had read the reviews on it before I bought it .
 If you do n't mind a constant humm , this is a great monitor.It picks up sound from baby 's room great but that darn humm is so annoying.Every night we play the game of the volume high enough that you can hear the baby , but low enough that the humm does n't keep us awake.Is it that hard to make a quiet monitor ?
 My husband and I placed this on our registry and ultimately received it as a gift . Although I like the dual monitors , belt clip and light features , I can not stand the ANNOYING static !! I 've tried everything to lessen the static and nothing seems to work . I 've researched other monitors and will be returning this one in the hopes that I can find something with better clarity .
 I have now had two of these monitors and they have both been equally worthless . The first had a problem with the cord staying plugged into the receiver monitor . The cord would have to be positioned exactly right to get a connection with the monitor . I decided I would get a new one and leave this one at my parents . I saw the same monitor for a few bucks on Craigslist , and bought it , thinking the problem was unique to my monitor -LRB- which I also got used -RRB- . But this monitor had the same problem . In addition , the static is unbearable . I have to have it turned all the way up to hear anything , and then its still difficult to hear over the static . My husband wont let me turn it on because it is so noisy . Do not buy this monitor .
 You can turn up the volume to hear the baby , but you will be listening to a lot of static and wo n't be able to sleep at night . We tried this monitor in 3 different areas of the US , and static everywhere . Very poorly designed . Do not buy it .
 It has a lot of background noise so you have to set it high to hear the baby .
 I agree with the above review . We 've had this monitor for a year and a half and it 's terrible . It always seemed a little noisy but it got increasingly worse as time went on . The buzzing and static got so bad that we could not longer use it in our bedroom because it would keep us up . Luckily by that point my son was sleeping through the night so we could turn t off . Also , we could only use it unplugged for the first month because after that the batteries would drain out really quickly . Then you could n't tell when the monitor was working or not because there was always just enough battery power to keep the `` on '' light working - but no sound would come through which meant you could n't hear the baby . Ugh ! The only reason we 've had it so long is because we got past the point we could n't return it and I 'm too cheap to go out and buy another . We 'll deffinitely buy a different brand with the next baby .
 I 've been through three monitors and this is the worst . The quality is definitely reflected in the price . I would only suggest it if you need a back up monitor to leave at a relative 's occasional babysitter 's home . The static is unbearable . It 's worth springing for an expensive monitor .
 I just bought this monitor two weeks ago and it 's awful . It worked fine for a few days and then the static came . I switched channels and the other channel was worse . When we would get up and move around the room the static would get louder or softer , depending on where you were you went to in the room . At night the static was so annoying it would keep me up . I would recommend you not buy this product .
 This moniter is not worth the $ 19.99 . I got one before my baby was born tried it out and it worked great so I threw the box away . After 2 weeks of use it had a lot of static . We put up with it for awhile then it got to the point we could n't even hear our daughter . It is worth it to spend a little more money and know that it wont stop working in the middle of the night when your baby may need you the most .
 This monitor is TERRIBLE !!!! It does n't even deserve one star , it deserves to have taken one away !!! Channel A is nothing but static and buzzing , I mean , you can not hear ANYTHING over it !!! No matter where in the house I set either receiver up , it did n't matter.Channel B 's static is a bit better , sounds like a transistor radio , and picks up other people 's phone conversations ... We just got this monitor , but it 's packed back up , receipt dug out , and ready to go back to the store.I am so dissapointed in this product that I decided against getting another FP Monitor , but completely changing brands here . . Do yourself a favor and safe your time and sanity !!!
 I recieved this monitor in July 2002 when my son was born . It was wonderful . Crystal clear and no static . I could hear the clock on the wall ticking in the nursery it was so sensative . Now 2 1/2 years later , it is STATIC CENTRAL . Maybe it is just old and worn out . But I still feel secure using it to monitor my toddler at night . It is the strangest thing , but when I use the 9v battery , it is clear . But when I use the wall adapter , it is Heinously staticy . It does go through 9v batteries rediculously quickly , so I ca n't afford to run it on those alone . I will be buying a new one , and one that I would hope has a longer life to it . This is the cheapest one out there , and hey , I guess we get what we pay for ! So if you want it to work for only 2 years or so , it will do the job .
 I wish this monitor had worked for us . I know some people have had good experiences , but I can not stand the static . Many times , I can hear my baby cry , but nothing is coming through the monitor because the static is so intense . The light up feature is nice , but it 's not worth dealing with the poor reception and loud static .
 This monitor is terrible ! I was not sure if I wanted to buy another one since our old one worked okay . But , it sucked up 9 volts like you would n't believe . I finally decided to buy another and bought this one . It 's going back tomorrow and I will buy more 9 volts.The static is UNREAL ! We ca n't even hear the baby !
 This is a horrible monitor . From the minute we plugged it in , all we heard was static . It did n't matter what we tried to unplug that could be causing interference . Called customer support and they were not helpful at all and said this happens with all monitors . DO NOT BUY THIS MONITOR !
 I 'm not going to write a long review of this monitor , it 's horrible sums it up!The buzzing and static was terrible , I ended up buying a entirely different monitor and never once experienced any of the same problems.Save your money .
 We purchased this monitor after our first monitor of a year and a half -LRB- Graco SoundSleep -RRB- started to go out . As soon as I plugged this in and turned on the receiver , all I heard was loud buzzing . I guess it depends on where you live , and apparently this is a good one for some people , but not for us . I much prefer the Graco SoundSleep . We never had any static or interference , and even when turned up very loud it made little noise . I would recommend it to anyone in need of a baby monitor . The only problem that developed was one of the receivers -LRB- it comes with 2 -RRB- has started to go out , but I am going to continue using it with one receiver .
 These monitors were priced reasonably , but I would have rather paid more if that meant better quality . My husband and I have to sleep with the monitor in our bed because it seems to be much less static if a person is close to it . If we touch it , the static seems to decrease . I do like the two monitors and that it can clip on your hip if you are moving around , but I find the static extremely annoying and disturbing . Many other reviewers say that it may be their area . Where is a monitor that will work in anyone 's area ??
 Perhaps it 's because we live in a high traffic area , but we have nothing but static using this monitor . If you walk by the receiver using the cordless or cellphone it completely loses all reception and all you hear is static . The receiver also seems to have trouble around our direct tv boxes.With all the electronic gidgets and gadgets out there spend the money and get the higher end models that really do block out interference.The real kicker of this was I was asleep one night while my husband was out working and I heard a males voice in the monitor . I immediately freaked out thinking someone broke into the house and was in the baby 's room . I jumped out of bed and was ready to run into the baby 's room when I heard the guy talking to a girl in what appeared to be a cell phone conversation from who knows where . Talk about almost having a heart attack on the spot!FP should just stop making this model period .
 If you do n't like to hear a constant buzz while you are trying to sleep , then do n't buy this product . Yes , this product has a constant buzz when it is turned `` on '' . Very annoying . My husband hates it and I just deal with it . The buzz is there even when the volume is turned all the way down . I 'm getting ready to shop for a video monitor to replace this thing.I do need to address the static . I did not get static when it was new and but I have experienced it . I 've had it for 18 months and I noticed that I get static when it 's windy outside . The static can be so bad that you wonder if someone has shut it off to cause it to static . Otherwise I hear BUZZZZZZZZZ all night long.Hope this helps someone . Perhaps look at the reviews for a different brand .
 I am very disappointed in this monitor . I have battled white noise and static from day one . I recommend something with better reviews !!
 We hate this monitor ... we are actually going to get a different one this weekend . We go to bed hearing static and interference all night long ! And like one of the other reviewers , we looked all over to see if there was something that may be causing the static , and there is n't ! Last night was the worst , we actually picked up somebody 's conversation on it !!! And when we tried to change the channels the static was terrible -LRB- yes , we did change the channel on both the reciever and the monitor ! -RRB- . So last night we ended up not using it and hoping we would hear our baby cry if she woke up . We totally DO NOT recommend this hunk of junk ! I guess those who have had no trouble with theirs are the lucky few . We thought that with the name Fisher Price on it that it would be a good product , think again . We bought ours at Target , I went online to their website to write a review on it and they do n't even have it online anymore , hmmm , I wonder why !
 I read all the reviews but figured we lived in a small enough house and really wo n't use it but boy was I wrong ! In the middle of the night the monitor will go to LOUD static and wo n't stop . It has made me jump a few times and even one time we left the downstairs one on and I made Hubby get up to see what it was ! Tee hee . The thing is haunted . It works great one day and the next you ca n't even have it on because of the awful noise it 's making . And we have heard neighbors talking ! My advice
 I do n't know if it is because some of the neighbors have this monitor or what but the first night I let my baby sleep in his crib -LRB- which causes enough anxiety ! -RRB- I kept hearing cars go by , beeping , cell phone conversations and I even heard other babies . I heard a Mommy tell her baby good night and the little girl said `` I love you mommy . '' It made me wonder what the neighbors may have heard from me ! We took it back and got the Sony Babycall and it completely rocks . We love it !
 We liked the two receiver idea , but the poor sound quality was not worth it . The receivers did n't work well in our house , frequently noisy and out of range . We went with a Sony monitor , which we love . Moving the receiver around is no big deal at all !
 Did I say Static ? I am on the second monitor , thinking something was wrong with the first one . Nope , still the same static roar as the first . it works as long as you are holding it . Put it down and you can not hear anything . I am taking it back again and this time I will have a total different monitor . Like the clear and near . This was an absolute waste of time .
 If you like to hear lots of static , rather than monitor your child , this is the monitor for you.Yes , there are periods where the monitor is usable and there is no static , but you never know when it will go into static mode , which I would estimate it does around 20 % of the time.Also , after a few weeks of use , adjusting the volume control would send the receivers into fits of uncontrollable static . This is a permanent re-occuring problem.Under no circumstances should you purchase this monitor if you want a reliable piece of equipment .
 Our old hand-me-down monitor died , so I bought this one . It stinks . I had to turn it all the way down , otherwise there would be loud static . Thus , I could ' t hear my son unless he cried out very loudly . I 've since tried both the Sony Baby Call 27 channel and the Summer 900 megahrtz with rechargable battery and they 're both GREAT . The Sony has a few more bells and whistles , but also costs about $ 20 more .
 I received this as a gift and was thrilled that it came with two monitors -LRB- a real plus -RRB- , but can not stand how much noise it makes . It constantly emits static , so that my mom can not even tell if the sound receiver is off or on .
 I have this item and it is not what it says it is . It is horrible . It has a continous annoying humming sound while you are trying to listen for your infant . It is especialy annoying at night when everthing is silent and you ca n't sleep because of the annoying hum . I have tried to change channels and there is still the sound . I have tried to move my monitors around but the noise is still there . I have tried to turn down the volume but then you can barely hear your child . I would advise you not to purchase this item . It should be $ 9.99 for how it functions . I am now online looking for another one .
 The monitor worked great at first . Now my baby is 15 months old and after we have the monitor on for about 15 minutes , you hear a loud noise . There is only a 1 year manufacturer 's warranty . I am not sure what to do . Has anyone tried to take them back to the store ? I would like a replacement of some sort . I got them on my registry so I do n't have the receipt .
 I registered to receive this item for our first child . At first it was great . All you had to do was barely turn on the volume and you could hear everything from her waking up to rolling over . It has been just a little over a year and it sounds horrible . The static is terrible . The minute you turn on the monitor , it makes a terrible roaring sound . After great research , we are now on our way to purchase a video monitor .
 These monitors were quite possibly the worst pieces of equipment we have ever purchased . We put up with them for two weeks before caving in and purchasing the slightly more expensive -LRB- but much better -RRB- Sony model.I 'm glad to see that some people have had success with these monitors , but they failed miserably for us . We live in a 3-story house , and our bedroom is adjacent to our son 's room -LRB- less than 15 feet away -RRB- . More often than not , the receiver encountered so much interference that it was only possible to hear our newborn with the receiver volume cranked up to about 75 % . Even then , there was so much noisy static on the line that it was impossible to hear all but his loudest noises . The monitor also emitted a constant buzzing sound loud enough to wake a sleeping giant , even at low volume . Yes , our home does also include a set of 5.8 gHz cordless phones and a 2.4 gHz wireless LAN , but neither is a frequency even remotely close to that of these monitors , so they were n't the culprit . In fact , I 'm fairly certain that these monitors use the ultra-cheap FM family band so common in cheapo walkie-talkies , because we could occasionally hear conversations from travelers in cars and even radio stations.We tried every possible configuration of channels to get better performance from these things , but had no success . In contrast , the Sony model that we purchased is crystal clear with zero interference -- and even if there WAS interference , the Sony offers 27 channels instead of the paltry 2 the Fisher Price features . The one redeeming feature of these monitors is the fact that they offer a visible bar that fluctuates when your child makes noise , so as a non-audio monitor I guess they 're fine.If you 're relying on these things to warn you if your child is awake , however , look elsewhere and be willing to spend a bit more cash , because you 're definitely rolling the dice by trying to save a couple bucks with these . Fisher Price makes great toys , but when it comes to electronics , they should leave it to the pros .
 We purchased this product when our first option was out of stock , big mistake . We 've had Graco monitors for the last 2 years which were always clear but finally died on us . We gave these a try and were very dissapointed . One thing that bothered us was that we run a fan in our son 's room for white noise and over the monitor this sounded like really bad static , this never happened on our old monitors . Without the fan on , it was n't as bad but still not as good as our old ones . I am returning these and waiting for my Graco ones to come in .
 I am a first time mom and received this monitor as a gift . The monitor has a very loud static sound and is much too noisy . The monitor does pick up noise but there is no way you could sleep or even watch T.V. without being annoyed by the static . I would not recommend this product .
 I agree that this monitor has terrible static . It is so loud . It is better when it is plugged in but that is n't practical . Actually it is too sensitive . If I just watch the lights , it picks up every sound from other parts of the house . Spend the money & get a better one .
 What I like about this monitor
 I was very disappointed with this monitor ! You have to crank the volume way up to hear the baby and when you do there is very loud white noise . Also at times the level of white noise gets very , very loud for no apparent reason . I would compare it to what happens when you turn off the monitor in the baby 's room but leave the other one on . I 've actually had to get up in the middle of the night to change channels when this happened because I could n't hear the baby . Sometimes during the night when the baby was crying , the monitor barely picked it up , I could actually hear him better through my open bedroom door !
 I like the previous reviewer had the older version of the sound and lights monitor and it worked great . Since they have updated it , it does not work well at all . Last night I woke up at in the middle of the night thinking our baby was crying and it was someone else 's baby !! You ca n't hear much of anything except buzzing and other babies . It is hard for you to hear your own baby ! I am extremely disappointed with this monitor . Do not waste your money on this newer version !
 This product is horrible . We registered for it and received it as a gift and ended up returning it . We could not hear our baby over the static , but we could hear other conversations and other babies crying . Horrible product .
 Maybe these are n't built for the long haul , but we 're ready to trash ours at 18 months . They still work technically , but one receiver has horrible sound quality , and the other has off and on static and then cuts out completely depending on how the cord is positioned .
 We bought this as a replacement when our Graco monitor died . -LRB- Well - one of the receivers would n't receive anymore , and we wanted/needed two receivers . -RRB- After the first few nights , I actually went out and bought another new Graco monitor . This monitor had so much static that we could barely hear our child over it ! Also - the lights were so bright -LRB- even turned away from the bed -RRB- that it was impossible to keep on the nightstand , where I usually like the receiver . I was not impressed and will not purchase another Fisher-Price monitor .
 We returned this monitor for a variety of reasons . We have another set , firstly . Secondly , this monitor picks up the conversations of the neighbors from their monitor better than it picks up our own babies upstairs . The static was unnerving , and if you did n't place the unit just so it sounded like a TV on a dead channel . Plus , the lights lit constantly , so it was n't exactly doing its job there . We could only handle it for a few days and gave up . If you have this one , I wish you better luck than we had .
 I was very pleased with my old Sounds 'n Lights monitor with one receiver , and was excited to receive this one for a gift . It was going to be much more useful with the dual receivers . There was way too much interference and always a buzzing noise . I could n't even hear my son crying over the buzzing noise . I tried switching channels and turing the volume up and down , but it did n't help . I will be taking this monitor back today to get a different brand .
 This monitor has BAD static . And having to sleep next to this thing while it is making a buzzing noise it not going to happen . We are looking for something better at this very time . The reason I got this monitor was because of the feedback that people had written on it , And it was all good fot the most part . But the product does not work for us .
 We registered for this monitor based on a Baby Bargains review and the fact it had two receivers . Unfortunately , it produced lots of static , but even worse were the intermittent , LOUD , very sudden buzzing sounds it produced . There is no way we could sleep with this in our room ! We switched to the Sony 900 megahertz and it was definately worth the extra money ! Crystal clear reception and no static .
 I received this monitor as a baby shower gift from my mother-in-law so I was unable to return it . This monitor has been a hassle from the very start . When plugged in , all we get is static . The static is n't as bad when using its battery supply , but it was still hard to hear our daughter unless she was very loud . We have finally gotten tired of this monitor and are switching to a Sony.If you want to sleep I would suggest getting a different monitor .
 This monitor has a lot of static on it , even when used with the AC adaptor . Took me awhile to get used to sleeping with it on . My biggest problem with it though is that the turn button for the volume is very hard to adjust ... you just ca n't get a good grip on it and is very difficult to turn which really aggravates me . The only good thing about it is the two recievers , but I 'm certain you could find a superior product .
 We bought this monitor because it was recommended as a Best Pick in a baby magazine . I have had nothing but problems with it . The static is horrible and it makes a constant humming on one channel and a buzzing every 2 seconds on the other . I have an old Graco monitor from 1997 that we still use for another child - still to this day we have no problems with static ! We 're taking this one back and exchanging it for a different one !
 We got this monitor as a shower gift and at first , it worked OK , but then it quit working all together when our son was 10 months old . My husband said there 's a short in the base antenna , so he pulls on it and twists it until it works again . It works for a few days and then we have to `` adjust '' it again , which has gotten ridiculous . Also , the static is HORRIBLE and always has been , but we tried to live with it . This morning , it finally stopped working for good and we barely used it for a year . Try the Sony Babycall Nursery Monitor -- it 's so quiet we have to tap it to see if it 's on ! A big change from this staticky piece of junk .
 We got this monitor as a gift from our baby registry after reading good reviews in books and online . I was very disappointed in the sound quality , as I was unable to eliminate static and interference even by switching channels , and moving the unit around . There was an annoying hum from the unit when it was plugged into the wall , and the baby could hardly be heard when it was in battery mode.Overall , very disappointing , and now I have to go and try other ones .
 This monitor is `` staticky '' . I mean if it 's the only one you have then it 's fine because you can still hear your child , but the amount of static is annoying and kind of distracting if you are trying to do work . I would suggest that parents shop around before purchasing an item that is cheaper .
 the light works well but there is a lot of noise because of the staticI 'm not using it and I 'm planning to buy another one to use when i will put the baby in another bedroom during the night
 We bought this item when I was still pregnant with our son . This monitor may have certain cute features but they only lasted a few months before they stopped working all together . The `` montitoring '' part is the worst of all . It picks up some sort of interference and actually makes a loud `` CB '' sound . So loud it has been waking up my son and we did n't know it . We thought he was just restless or teething . Our son is now two , and we are finally tired of this poor investment . We are going to buy one of the cheaper ones . Do not buy !
 this monitor is the worst . i bought it for my 5 month old and it quit working after 1 month . the static is so bad . all i ever heard was static and more static . it was even worse if i had the ceiling fan on . this is a warning to all . Do n't BUY this monitor . you will be wasting your money . listen to these reviews . it sucks and is a waste of money .
 Not only do we hear static , but we also hear the radio !!! We ca n't use it at all .
 We received this monitor system for a baby gift but have not used it until now , our daughter is 7months old and now upstairs in her room . We tried many locations in our room as the directions said and still had nothing but static and red lights . This system worked wonderful for our friends but terrible for us . My suggestion is to keep your box and receipt and give it a try , we kept neither and now are shopping for a new monitor system .
 I also ended up having static and feedback with my monitor . It did n't happen at first though , only like a month after purchasing it . It was so bad it kept us up at night . The company says to send it in to fisher price but what am I supposed to do in the meantime . We have to have a monitor and now TRU wo n't take it back because it is past the 90 days . I do not recommend this monitor .
 Tonight has been ANOTHER frustrating night trying to get a decent signal from this piece of garbage . One channel is useless , as it blasts out deafening static . The other channel only occasionally is tolerable , but mostly has an unacceptable level of static that gets worse when it is plugged into the AC adaptor.Maybe Fisher Price sells a special wrench that can get a grip on this poorly designed on/off/volume knob . I can barely turn it using both hands , let alone try it one-handed with a sleeping baby in my arms.May God strike me down if I ever consider buying another Fisher Price product that plugs into an outlet . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 This is the first time I have ever written a review , but I am so dissatisfied with this monitor that I want to voice my opinion . The sound quality has gotten worse and worse with more and more static and interference . We were horrified to hear our 5 month old crying in her nursery and hear NOTHING on the monitor . I do not recommend this product .
 We received this monitor as a shower gift before my son was born . It worked GREAT for the first 6 months or so , but now one of the receivers makes a horribly loud static sound , and only works when it is turned up full blast . The other one does n't do this , and it does n't matter where either of them are located.The other terrible thing about these is that sometimes the plug in attachment slips just out of its connection , so the lights work , but no sound comes out . I look at the monitor , think it is working , and then hear my son crying upstairs - the monitors lights are going , but NO SOUND ! I do n't have monitors so that I can sit and stare at them . This happens all the time - without touching the machine - it just STOPS WORKING.I 'm very disappointed with these monitors . I 'm shopping for another brand right now for our second child .
 This monitor does the job ... I can even hear my baby breathing if I turn it up loud enough . It 's cheap and works . But , my two major complaints are that 1 . the batteries die in a matter of a couple hours . All the devices can be plugged in , but that is n't the most convenient option all the time . And , 2 . the static it gives off is incredibly annoying . Not so much static if the devices are being used with battery power , but as soon as you plug them in , forget it . We 've tried different channels , different locations in the house -LRB- away from cordless phones , microwaves , anything plugged in -RRB- and nothing makes is better . We 've lived with it for 10 months now and my husband is forcing to buy another one , no matter what it costs . Just buy another brand !
 I have twin babies , and need all the help I can get from gadgets because it is more than twice the work sometimes . But the complaints I have on this monitor would apply to anyone with a baby -- singleton or more!I am not a fan of these monitors , and bought a much cheaper replacement monitor after reading that it did not have static -LRB- and it does n't -RRB- . The Safety First monitor Crystal Clear Nursery Monitor is so much better ; buy it instead.The lights were sort of cool -- it was neat to be able to look over and see the different intensities of sounds in the dark . But the static grew worse after a few weeks ; I do n't know why . At first , it only got really static-y when the battery was low , but then it would have intense bursts -LRB- where all the lights lit up on the monitor -RRB- and I could n't even hear the music of their mobile , let alone any of their softer noises -LRB- like spitting up -RRB- . I could n't re-position the monitor to make the static better , and it would get better while I was holding it only . -LRB- Like I want to hold a monitor all night long -RRB- . Also -- the other monitor I have now has a Low Battery indicator . This one does not -- and once , the battery ran out in the middle of the night while I was sleeping with no warning . -LRB- I had lost the AC adaptor and could n't find a place to purchase a new one , nor could I figure out how to contact Fisher Price to order another -RRB- . I have lots of other great Fisher Price products that are lifesavers ; this one is not one of them.It could be that location has something to do with this , but how will you know your home is one of the spots where there is some kind of interference that causes the static ? Buy the other monitor that works fine anywhere , and use the money you save on something else for baby . : -RRB-
 This monitor I received as a baby shower gift and I hate it ! It has horrible static . If you walk around it or get too close it gets worse . If the phone rings same thing . I did n't expect to much from it , but I must say I can hear my son pretty well , and I like the fact that I can see the red lights . They help me to determine if he is just groaning and searching for his thumb , or if he is actually in distress . Great concept , needs some work .
 We received this monitor at our baby shower . I liked it because it comes with two receivers , as my husband is often in his office while I am in a different room . However , the monitors have a TERRIBLE static problem . The first night that we moved our daughter out of her cradle in our room to her crib in the nursery , the static was so bad that we could not hear her at all . We tried both channels , and all we could hear was static . The static was so bad that the light on the monitors was constantly lit . We have tried to use them repeatedly , but the static never goes away . I would not recommend this monitor to anyone .
 I bought this moniter thinking that because it was made by fisher price it would be a good choice . The price seemed reasonable and the fact that you got two recievers is a plus . The moniter makes a horabile static noise that even with the volume all the way up we could not hear the baby crying . I thought ok maybe it was just because we live by a fire & police station . I gave this one to my parents for them to use when my son is there . Thinking that it would possibly work there . They live in a neighborhood away from police and fire radio equipment and still there was this horrible static sound coming from the moniter . We then thought that this might have been just a defective moniter . We returned it to the store and got a new one.When we took that one home the same static sound was coming out of the new one . I would not recommend this monniter to any one who wants to get any sleep or even hear thier baby cry in the middle of the night . There are far better moniters out there for just a little bit more money than you would spend on this one .
 After seeing so many positive reviews of this monitor , even that it was one of the `` must haves '' in a popular baby magazine , I was so disappointed once I got this home . Not only did we have static , we also had a horrible high-pitched squeal . Changing channels helped the squeal , but the static was still really bad . And I kept getting up out of bed to check on my daughter because I kept hearing a baby cry through the static - but it was n't MY baby !! I guess it was the neighbor 's child . Not once was I able to hear my own baby through this monitor !! We switched to the First Years 900mHz Attachable monitor -LRB- it hooks right onto the crib -RRB- . What a difference !! Last night , for the first time since we moved our daughter to her own room , I was able to hear her sigh in her sleep and roll over !!
 I bought this monitor because I own a previous Fisher Price Sounds N Light monitor and it worked great . It had crystal clear reception . It did look different than this model though . This model has been horrible . The buzzing noise is constant , even on the lowest volume setting and if we try it on the alternate channel it lets out a rythmic high pitched warble . I thought I would just deal with it , but today I am returning it because I can barely hear my baby the static is so bad .
 We 've had a few different monitors for our children and this is the worst one by far . Through all the static I ca n't hear a thing . If someone is standing right next to the monitor talking , you ca n't even hear it . We 've tried moving it around , different channels , nothing works . We 're going to throw it away and get a new one !!
 This is my 4th baby monitor , and I can honestly say I like this one the least . My other ones were Safety First -LRB- I think that 's the name -RRB- . But I could n't find that brand with 2 portable units , so I bought this instead . My other monitors were so clear I could hear the clock ticking in my daughter 's room . This monitor I can only hear my daughter if she is actually vocal . Which kind of sucks . I also hear CB conversations . And I never did with my other monitors . It also is staticy . It does it 's job , you do hear your child and a few other things you may not want to hear.But it 's just not as sensitive as my others , and I miss hearing my little one sucking her fingers when she 's in a deep sleep . Or sighing in her sleep , or yawning , all the cute little noises are gone . Well I ca n't hear them anyway !
 We purchased this monitor based on the features that it offered . I have just read the other reviews on this model which talk about `` white noise '' , that is putting it lightly . Regardless of where the parental monitor is located , there is static . You can not hear little noises in the room that you can hear with many other monitors , once in a while you can actually hear your baby . Baby monitors were designed to allow you to hear little noises , for example coughs , sneezes , etc. . You will not hear any of this using this monitor . The second night that we had the monitor , we had the parent unit in our bedroom at night and were barely tolerating the static on it , our son woke up at 3:00 a.m. and if it were n't for hearing his cries down the hallway - we never would have heard him . This monitor was a major let down and is going right back to the store .
 I am very diapointed with this product . This monitor has a lot of static and unclear reception . Most of the times I just stay very close to my childs room and do something quiet b/c the monitor has so much static that you concentrate to hard on trying to hear your child over all the static that instead of accomplishing the things that you would like to while your child is sleeping you are to busy trying to hear your child over all the static . I would not recommend this monitor .
 I 've had this monitor for 10 months and am looking for a new one ! It works as far as hearing my daughter , but that is the only good thing about it . We keep one plugged in and use the other one wherever we go around the house . The batteries run out really fast and after changing them too often we stripped the screw on the back . We traded it for the one we keep plugged in , but now the volume dial is messed up and makes a ton of static everytime we touch it . I am done ! I am ready for a new monitor !
 This monitor did not work well for us . No matter what position or location we put the receivers in , they made a perpetual humming sound and a ton of static , to the point where -LRB- at times -RRB- it was n't even possible to hear the baby over the static . What annoyed me most , though , was the fact that when I called Fisher-Price to ask for a refund , they made me try to decipher the product code -LRB- printed in plastic -- white on white -- in miniscule print , on the monitor -RRB- rather than just looking it up in their system , and also wanted me to decipher the -LRB- unreadable -RRB- date code on the bottom of the transmitter . After several minutes of this , the agent THEN asked me what the problem was with the monitor -LRB- although i had already told her -RRB- , and said that they do n't warrantee their products against interference , so I could n't get my $ $ back , anyway . Why not tell the customer that BEFORE making them try to decipher unreadable codes on the product ? What parent has time to sit around trying to read codes off of plastic , anyway ? In the end , we bought the Graco Ultra-Clear and it works fine .
 We like Fisher Price , so we got a set . we got some static sometimes , but after a couple of months could hardly get anything but a blast of static ! Also , we got feedback that was horrible if we opened the babies ' door . We have twins , so we need both receivers to work if one was in bed and one of us in our room . Both sets have died by stopping completey or only getting awful static after a couple of months . Today I got a Graco monitor , so we will see . I will never get a Fisher Price monitor again , and do not reommend it at all !
 I returned this product after trying it for a week due to the difficult on/off dial on the receivers . The dial barely sticks up off of the device enough to get a grip on it , and there is n't even an edge that you could use your fingernail to turn it with . I knew that if I could n't turn it on easily , my husband definitely could n't with his larger fingers . The last thing I need is for him to have an excuse not to watch the baby .
 We registered for this monitor based on the fact that it was one of the only monitors on the market that offered two handsets . This monitor has the loudest `` hmmm '' that I have heard from any monitor - regardless of which station we put the monitor on . It barely provides coverage to the outside deck on our house . There is no range on this monitor and the backround noise it makes is unbearable to have on in the room while we were sleeping . I would return it - however we did n't keep the box . Very disappointed ! Would not recommend .
 We got these monitors for our first baby thinking that all monitors were the same . We have found these to have lots of static even when the volume is turned low and with changing the channel . Also we have travled to PA and VT to visit family and have had the same problem with the static like we do at home . So , I do n't think it has to do with where you live.The lights are a great idea and comes in handy for when I 'm running the vaccum or hair dryer . I can easily see when baby is making noises .
 I originally listed the Sony BabyCall Nursery Monitor on my registry , but received the Sounds n Lights monitor as a gift so decided we would use that . I have now been using it for 3 months and do n't know why I have been putting up with it for so long . From the start it had major static , no matter what channel I had it on . I 've tried many different locations in our bedroom , even tried muffling the static with pillows -LRB- which works-sorta but then you risk not hearing the baby 's cries -RRB- . I 've tried to tell myself the static is `` white noise '' and it takes a while to fall asleep to but it finally happens ... until you get the piercing ringing sound over the static that just wo n't go away.The other night I turned it on at bedtime , heard the static and assumed it was on and working , only to find the following morning the batteries were so low it was n't picking up my son 's cries at all ! Luckily my son was n't too upset that mommy did n't respond to his calls , but all I can think is `` What if ... `` I am ready to throw this product out the window . We just put him down for a nap , turned on the monitor and the static is almost unbearable . As soon as he wakes up we are going to the store to get the Sony BabyCall . I am not going another night with this monitor !
 The receiver stinks . I know someone with the same one and they like it but they are too static-y . One can barely turn it up without walking the baby with the static . We are getting rid of it and getting something else.And to add insult to injury , first time we had it on and I went to the room to make sure it was working , our brand new TV that was in the line of fire of the monitor and receiver got a damaged picture tube . seems something in the electronics is messed up . No , this monitor has to go .
 We have been using our monitor for 4 months now . About a month or more ago it started to get static . Now it 's just so bad I am not getting any sleep . The static drowns out the noise of my son . I am definetly getting a new one ASAP !
 We bought these monitors when our son was born and did n't realize that monitors are n't supposed to have a hissing sound until I bought a second pair to travel with . These never stop making noise - unfortunately the convenience of having two parent units does n't make up for the poor quality . We now use our travel monitor exclusively , it 's the 900mz Attachable Monitor by The First Years , and it 's excellent .
 We received this monitor as a gift and have used this for the first 8 months of our baby 's life . We registered for this because it was relatively inexpensive , had two receivers and Fisher Price was a good name . Initially the monitor was okay , but it quickly deteriorated . Our primary issue is the static . At first we could still hear our son over the static , but now even his cries come through as static . Our second issue was the high pitched screech that the receivers make for apparently no reason . We think it may have some relationship to the angle of the monitor , but we do n't know . The receivers also seem to pick up airplanes , outside noises , etc. regardless of the main unit 's location . Finally , there is no alarm for the battery so when the battery dies the red light on the unit simply turns off -LRB- very alarming if you are outside doing yardwork assuming you can hear your child -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- There are some items that you buy for your child that you can skimp on , this is n't one of them .
 I bought this because of the dual receivers , and it worked great for the first 2 monthes . Well , sort of . The lights on one of the receivers never worked , but at least you could hear -LRB- what I mean by `` never worked '' is that all of the lights are on , all of the time . -RRB- The other one worked really well-no static , and I could hear my baby just fine . Last week , the good receiver stopped working entirely-lights are on all the time and I can barely hear my baby over all of the static . So , until I buy a new monitor , I am using the `` bad '' receiver , which means that there is a lot of static and the lights are on all of the time , but if my baby is crying hard , I can hear him.I have tried new batteries , different channels -LRB- the other channel is just someone playing piano-I do n't know any neighbors who play piano ! -RRB- , and keeping it away from cordless and cell phones-nothing works . My baby is only 3 monthes old ! I already have to buy a new monitor!I gave this 2 start-1 for each month that part of it worked . There was not one day where both receivers worked . Save your money-I wasted mine on this terrible product .
 I really wish I could say something about this item ; but I never got it , I would like my money credit back to my credit card .
 We bought this product online and it is no good . It picks up a lot of static and it is very hard to hear the babies sound . We will return this and get something else . Waste of time and shipping money .
 My husband and I spent 3 hours trying to get these monitors to even work ! What a waste of time . We tried moving them from room to room , channel to channel , and outlet to outlet . We put the radio on in the baby 's room -LRB- as the direction stated -RRB- and all we heard was a horrible buzzing noise . We tried everything and nothing worked . I gave this product one star because it made me put at least one in , it does n't deserve one ! We are returning them today . What a piece of junk !!!
 My husband and I registered for this monitor because of the good reviews it received in the Baby Bargains book . We also liked that there were two receivers . Once our daughter was born and we started using it , all we heard was STATIC . We returned it and got the Sony Baby Call monitor . It only has one receiver but worth it because there is absolutely no static . Skip the Fisher Price Sound and Lights and go straight for the Sony .
 This is a horribly annoying monitor . It has an amazing amount of static . The only way to hear my child is to turn the volume high and only then I might be able hear her through the static interference . The red lights are always illuminated , no matter if my child is talking or not , so clearly they are not doing their job either . My 8 year old Graco works much better .
 This is our first child so we were n't really sure what to get for our son , but we made a mistake in trusting the Fisher Price name . This product did well for the first month , but that is mostly because we did n't need to use it that much , since our son was in our room in a bassinet or downstairs with us in his pack and play . Now that he is in his crib and we are in need of the monitor - this one is just not getting the job done . I have been awakened four times in the past two weeks from another child 's cries . I do n't get enough sleep as it is as a new parent , we ca n't afford to be awoken by someone else 's baby . We 've tried changing channels but will only get static from this . At times all we are getting is static , other times it works just fine . I need a more reliable product than this .
 Not what we expected . We just tried this monitor out , and it does n't allow us to hear anything . We were interested in a monitor with 2 receivers . . there are n't that many out there , so we picked this one . Back to finding one that works ... very disappointed .
 I bought this because I thought Fisher Price products were good . This monitor is not work the money . At night you have to turn it as low as possible to still hear your baby , but to where the static wo n't interupt your sleep . Save yourself the aggrivation and buy a digital monitor .
 We read all the reviews out there - and this monitor was rated an average rating . I thought that would be enough to meet our needs . In my opinoin , this monitor is so far below average it is unreal.We live in a very rural setting , so you ca n't blame anything on location . We keep batteries in our monitor at all times , but we also keep them plugged in at all times . The feature with the lights only worked for about 3 months.After about 6 months I would get the worse static NO MATTER WHICH CHANNEL we have them on . We usually keep one receiver in our room , and one downstairs . I have had the downstairs monitor in 3 different rooms -LRB- living room , dining room & kitchen -RRB- and still I get the worse static or worse yet COMPLETE SILENCE , even when it is plugged in and turned all the way up!We will have to buy a new monitor because I need to be able to hear my son ! We have several Fisher Price products and have always been happy with them - shame on Fisher Price for putting such a non-functional piece of equipment out there !
 I usually am a fan of Fisher Price , but I have to say - do n't buy this product . It worked well the first few weeks we got it , but over a year later , it only offers static , no matter what channel I set it . I wish I 'd read the reviews first . I still trust their toys , but I 'm very disappointed and frustrated with this monitor ...
 This monitor was highly recommended to us ... unfortunately it has given us nothing but grief.Regardless of what channel or volume it is set to we constantly pick up a high pitched static feedback . There are only 2 channels to choose from on this unit , one of which picks up the static worse than the other . Unfortunately the less static filled channel also picks up a neighbors signal -LRB- and they have a constant crying baby , ugh !!! -RRB- so a lot of times I will check on our daughter to find she is fast asleep while the mystery baby is bawling its head out via our monitor . In order for me to sleep at night , we have to run our fan to create enough white noise to drown out the static.Going to shop around for another system ...
 Despite good reviews , we had nothing but trouble with this monitor . Lots of static and feedback . We bought a Graco monitor instead and we have zero feedback , we just hear the baby .
 We bought this monitor when we moved to a 2-story house , and only used it at night . There was so much static that I could not turn the volume up very loud . We finally decided to buy a monitor that was a little more expensive when our older son had to come and wake us up at 3 am to tell us the baby was screaming , crying . We could not hear him because of all the static . I went out the very next day and bought another one . If you spend a little more money -LRB- about $ 20 more -RRB- , you can get a good , clear , crisp sounding monitor .
 This unit may work for some , but it did not work for us . In our bedroom , it produced static that would light up as many as all the bars on the reciever ! -LRB- on both chanels -RRB- . It even appears to get static from our bedside clock ! Of course , we are 30 feet from the nursery , but that should n't be an issue.However , I see others have trouble with static and the placement of the units as well . Yes , all monitors will pick up static from time to time in certain scenarios , but not to this level . . you should n't have to be so careful at the placement of the unit . We replaced this unit with a Graco UltraClear -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- and have NO problems with static ! The Fisherprice 900mhz -LRB- $ 35 -RRB- model works well too.A friend of ours had this unit with no problems , so results are unique to your home . If you must get this unit , or any unit really , get it somewhere with a liberal return policy so you can take the thing back . Personally , I think it 's worth $ 5 - $ 10 more to get a better unit and not have to deal with the hassle of returns . You 're going to use this unit for a while ... make sure you get one that works for you .
 With baby # 3 - we decided to get a new monitor because our old Fisher Price one is kind of dingy and you have to jiggle the cord a bit . Bought this Sound and Lights one and it is PURE MISERY ! The STATIC is horrible and worse yet ... if it does happen to pick up the baby 's cry it immediately turns itself off . We 've tried everything - batteries , jiggling the cord , taping the dial , different plugs , different outlets , different houses - All the same STATIC . There is absolutely no way we can use these monitors . We 've given it a few months but my patience is gone . Off to find another option and have some quiet in my home again .
 We plugged this monitor in , and all we could hear was static . Our daughter had to be screaming her head off before we could pick it up on the monitor - and one of the channels did n't work at all ! Plus , you have to have the volume up really loud to hear anything , and then the static was too annoying . We took it back and got the Sony Baby Call monitor , and LOVE it - totally worth the extra $ 20 . This monitor was worthless to us .
 Nothing but static and humming from this monitor ! I 've read some other reviews on this product that included `` hints '' on how to get the static to go away ... turning it around , using batteries , doing a jig ... you should n't have to do all that ! All I want to do is plug the thing in and have it work ! Go for the Safety 1st monitor instead !
 In the beginning these worked fine as long as I placed the monitor far away from the baby 's crib . Although if you run any type of humidifier , fan or a/c in the nursery - forgot about hearing anything ! Also , the 2nd monitor died after about 8 months and we couldnt get any feedback at all . I will definately be switching to a different brand .
 I purchased this monitor set from BabiesRus and my sons ' room is about 15 feet from mine and all I get on the monitor is static . Now I could understand all the static if the base and the receiver were more than 50 feet from eachother but 10 to 15 feet with a line of sight from the receiver to the base through the doorways of the rooms is crazy . At this distance with a line of sight you should get no static at all . I would NOT recomend this monitor to anybody .
 Well , I guess I should have read up on the reviews for this item . My hubby and I received this and were fairly excited to use it . Well , we set it up and what did we hear ??? STATIC !!!! Everywhere we went in the house was STATIC ! Well , I returned it today and purchased the Safety 1st Safe Glow monitor . Same price , but NO static !!!
 We just pulled it out of the box to try it out and it is HORRIBLE ! We are taking it back and exchanging it as soon as possible . The amount of static we were getting was ridiculous - and we do n't even have the baby here yet . You could barely here the radio coming through the monitor the static was so loud .
 This monitor was recommended to us by a friend and I purchased it for the dual listening monitors and the fact that it had AC and battery power options . The big visual display also seemed like a plus.However , when we tried to use the monitor all we heard was interference . We tried switching channels and adjusting the volume and still only heard static or feedback . We have a lot of wireless equipment in our house and my husband thought that might have something to do with it not working . I ended up returning the monitor to the store . Since then I purchased a Graco monitor and have had no problems with static .
 I 've been disappointed with this monitor . I did n't think that there would be that big of a difference between monitors , but when my second baby was born -LRB- my girls are only 18 months apart -RRB- I needed a second monitor . I chose Fisher Price for my second one so that I could tell which monitor went to which girl . My first monitor was The First Years . Unfortunately , the Fisher Price model has MUCH more static and white noise when turned on than does The First Years monitor.I can hear my daughter on it but the amount of white noise/static is quite annoying -- even when the volume is turned down really low .
 I am completely annoyed by this monitor . It makes a constant static white noise that drives us crazy , plus it picks up radio waves and we hear the beating of a drum late at night . I would not reccomend this monitor .
 We have had a Fisher Price Sounds & Lights monitor in the past and loved it , however , this new model buzzes constantly . The buzzing is so loud that we can barely hear any sounds the baby makes over the annoying sound!I called Fisher Price to comment and they said that various electrical equipment can interfere ... cordless phones , secruity systems , satellite dishes , etc. . We have tried every troubleshooting tip to get this monitor to stop buzzing and nothing works.The dual receivers are great , but not when you ca n't hear what 's going on over the buzzing.The previous model of this monitor was fantastic ! I would not recommend the new model .
 We had major static problems with this unit -- even with it just in the next room from us . Once we switched to a 900 MHz monitor -LRB- we chose the Sony babyCall -RRB- we had better luck . We never heard anything through this monitor * other * than static . Though this is cheaper than other 900 MHz models , if you have a lot of electronics around you may want to save yourself some time and aggravation and start off with a 900 MHz monitor -LRB- rather than trying this and risking having to return it -RRB- .
 I looked at reviews for this monitor and several others before we went to the store to buy one . I thought maybe it would owrk in my house . I was wrong . All of these reviews are right . There is too much static and if you have the tv on it is worse . I guess you have to be a cave man to use these . So we took it back and got the Sony Baby Call monitors . More expensive but worth it ! There is no static whatsoever and i can hear my baby wonderfully .
 My son just turned 7 months old , and he 's started to crawl around . Thank God I got to this monitor before he did . The monitor cord has exposed itself . There has been no stress or tautness on the cord , yet the electrical wires are exposed . It 's a known fact that you need to hide the cords from your children , and i 'm glad that I hid the cord from my son . This monitor 's defect is hazardous , and I 'm definately going to buy a new one . Do n't buy it ! I just notified the CSPC -LRB- the recall people -RRB- and hope they take some action . I 'm sure this defective device is in millions of nurseries in the U.S. Please ... . Do n't buy this product !
 I registered for this monitor because the reviews were overall good . When I got it for my shower , I decided to open it up and try it -LRB- thank goodness I decided to test it right away -RRB- . I had the reciever on the lowest volume setting and could still hear a constant buzzing noise . The louder the volume , the more static and buzzing noise I could hear . I went back to the reviews and they said that other electrical equipement can interfere with it and it suggested to move the recievers around to different spots in the room to find the perfect spot . Well ... that did not work . I have tried everything and the monitor is still not quiet . I now have tried the Graco Clear Range monitor -LRB- it too has two recievers -RRB- . I have tested it , and so far it is clear and there is no buzzing or static .
 This monitor is aweful !!!!! All we hear when we turn it on is static . At first we thought our baby is moving an aweful lot , until we went into the room to find her snoozing quietly . There are all sorts of sounds coming from the monitor , including a conversation between another mother and her child !! The monitor is unbelievably loud and truly a waste of money.We can not tell the diiference between just static and when she really moves , so everytime there is a noise we are up on our toes-what a pian and is n't this what the monitor is supposed to prevent ??????
 I live in a condo and have cordless phones and wireless internet . I found this product had terrible static . In comparison , the Fisher Price 900mhz Long Range Monitor sounded excellent .
 We enjoyed this monitor for a year until a neighbor w / a baby moved in . Now , we have tons of static , and we can hear their baby crying on the other channel ! At first , I thought maybe our monitor was getting old , so I bought a new model . That did not improve the situation at all . We have to turn down the volume so much at night because of the static that we ca n't hear our son crying . I 'm giving up on this monitor . I would only recommend this monitor if you live in a rural area .
 My wife and I purchased this monitor set because we needed a second one for when our new baby arrives and we liked that it came with two receivers ... an option that is confusingly absent from many other models . We got it home , opened the package and tried it out the first night -LRB- we tried it out in our 2 year-old daughter 's room -RRB- . Low and behold all we could hear on the receiver was interference and static on both channels ... and our room is directly above hers , less than 10 feet away . We never have this problem with our Graco monitors ... and no , we did not have the Graco and Fisher-Price models in the same room next to each other and on at the same time . Besides , I would think that even with local air traffic a transmitter that is less than 10 feet away would have a much stronger signal than something outside of the house!We bought it at Toys-R-Us because they were having a sale . We would have bought the same Graco model we already own but Toys or Baby did not carry the kind that had two receivers in the package . We received our original Graco set as a gift which was purchased somewhere else.I should have listened to our friends who had this same monitor when they told us how terrible it was . Unfortunately , we bought it because it was what we could afford at the time ... but I guess you get what you pay for.I tried to return it so I could get a different brand but was told that since this item qualifies as an electronic item it can not be returned for a refund once it has been opened . They can only exchange it for the same thing . Needless to say I was mad . -LRB- ... -RRB- I ca n't use -LRB- or return -RRB- because it does n't work properly and now I have to purchase another one -LRB- of a different brand -RRB- . I should have bought the more expensive model from Sony ... I hear it received top notch reviews from Consumer Reports.Oh , well . You live and learn .
 As most of the reviews here say , mine too had lots of statics and was noisy . For a little more money I bought a `` first years '' one and it was a world of difference .
 After reading the VERY mixed reviews on Baby Monitors , we decided that a test drive was in order before the arrival of baby.This was our first choice because of the price and because of the lights . The lights are appealing to us because of the additional activity monitoring they provide.I began the test some after receiving the units . I plugged in the transmitter in the soon to be baby room setting it to Channel A. I plugged in one receiver one floor up and the other receiver one floor down also all set to channel A.The initial test was a success and the receivers were clean with minimal background noise . I decided to leave everything running during the evening and monitor it . I turned if off before bed without detecting any issues.I powered the system back up after coming home on night # 2 . The upstairs receiver immedialy began howling at me . I turned down the volume and let it run . I came back after an hour to the same grating static.I switched everything over to channel B. No Improvement.I looked for noise sources in the house -LRB- i.e. motors , flourescent lights , cordless phones in use etc ... -RRB- . Nothing seemed to change it so I have to suspect external sources of the interference.This system is on it 's way back to the store . Not sure what system I will pick to test next . I like the flexibilty of cordless , but I may have to hard-wire something if interference continues to be an issue .
 After reading the reviews for this monitor , I registered for it anyway . Several people wrote things like `` Has some static but what monitor does n't ? '' ... I should have known right then I was in for trouble . We 've had the monitor for 10 months now and it was fine at first but the longer we used it the more static it had . I went online and read the manual over and over to try and troubleshoot where my problem was . I tried EVERYTHING it suggested to no avail . In the last month the static has become so unbearable that I had the volume almost all the way down and I could bearly hear my daughter and I could STILL hear the static !! I went out and bought the Safety 1st Soft Glow monitor because all the reviews had 5 stars and now I know why - IT 'S GREAT ! It is so silent . I 'd say go for that one !!
 I was given this as a baby shower gift . Its reception is HORRIBLE ! All I can hear is static , no matter what channel I use or where I place it in my house !! The static is so loud , you can barely hear the baby . Also the on/off switch is impossible to use . I am returning this today to try a different brand !
 When I went to the store and saw this monitor , I had remembered buying it for a friend as part of her baby shower gift a few months back . I even recall asking her , after she had her son , if it worked good and she said that yes , it worked just fine . So , I thought , & quot ; It 's not expensive , it lights up , and it works great . Cool . & quot ; So I bought it for myself . When I brought it home and set it up while my 7 month old daughter was sleeping last night , I was surprised that I could hardly hear her breathing over the constant & quot ; ZZZZZZZZZZ & quot ; sound coming over the monitor . I 've tried both channels and have even tried setting it up in different places , but the interference is here to stay . On the box it says that this product has & quot ; Crystal Clear Reception & quot ; , but I have found that to be very untrue . So now I have to go back to the store and return it . Thank God I kept the receipt .
 This monitor got static no matter what channel and where it was in the house . I had it turned down so low I could n't even hear my son 's music right next to it and still got annoying static . Definatly not something you want right next to your head in the night .
 This monitor started off fine but within 6 months was static all the time - it actually kept my husband up at night . I threw them away and bought Sony monitors . So far they are great ! Do n't get these !!
 I got this monitor because it had two recievers . It has horrible feedback . I did n't have the volume up too high . At times the volume is so bad that you would think aliens were landing . Now we need to try to find a new monitor for our twin girls.Linnea
 I 've been using this monitor for 21 months now . I love that there are two receivers as I live in a multi-floor home . I love that it has lights to show the decibel levels.What I hate , and the reason I am getting a different monitor for my next baby is the horrible static ! I 've tried both channels to no avail.I called Fisher-Price . They said it was a problem with the AC adapter . They sent two new ones , but the problem remains . I notice it is much better when on battery power , but this chews through batteries so fast that it 's not practical to use batteries all of the time.Overall , I think the monitor is well designed , and sturdy , however I hate having to listen to static every night all night long . Next time I will be trying a different product .
 I bought this item before I had my daughter thinking it would be a great product . Boy was I WRONG ! It hardly ever works on either channel , the static is defening . I have a better chance of hearing my daughter crying without the monitor on . The receivers will work in some rooms but not in other . If I could go back I would definitly pick something else . I am due to have another baby in a few months and I will definitly be buying a different brand of monitor , maybe I will be lucky and get one that works this time .
 I was given this monitor as a baby shower gift and was very disappointed with the quality . I live in a basement apartment and have three large fish tanks and lots of entertainment equipment . I received a lot of static and could barely hear anything . I even tried them at my moms house and still could n't get them to work . I used both of the channels and tried everything on the troubleshooter 's guide . The monitors that worked for me were the GRACO Ultra Clear Monitors . They are crystal clear no matter where you go with them . They costed 39.99 but they are worth every penny .
 I am ready to buy new monitors . Not only have the receivers always had static and feedback but after less than a year use , the one contact for the receiver is bad . Depending on the position of the cord , the receiver disconnects and therefore , is not very helpful in monitoring my son . I really dislike the amount of ` white noise ' both receivers produce . We have experimented with moving it to different outlets and different positions in our house and it is NEVER quiet .
 I registered for this monitor thinking what could be the difference between this one and the more expensive - as long as you can hear the baby - right . Very wrong - this monitor had so much static it drove my husband and myself crazy . There were nights I had to turn it off to sleep . We tried changing channels , batteries , moving it around - nothing worked . My neighbor had the Sony and after I saw how quiet , the range -LRB- reached to my deck from her house accross the street -RRB- I went out and purchased it that night . The Sony is great - no problems and I give that 5 stars . I did keep the fisher price as a permanent monitor in several rooms , but found myself carrying the Sony since the static was so annoying on the fisher price AND they seem to have stopped working after about 6 months of use . Do n't waste your money or lose any more sleep than you already do with a baby . I gave one star since I liked the dual receivers concept .
 We registered for these monitors , and then I noticed that a lot of the reviews claimed that they produced a lot of static , but I thought I would try them anyway.After we got them as a gift , we tried them out and found that they were indeed very staticy . We returned them to babies r ` us and bought the sony monitor instead . Even though the sony came with only one monitor and was more expensive , it has a lot more channels and is a much better product . Well worth the couple of extra bucks.I would not recommend buying these !
 We put this monitor on our registry and it was one of the first gifts we received . Like some of the other parents have described , there is always lots of static . It has a persistent `` white noise '' . No matter what channel you choose , there is always static . It picks up every other noise in the house -LRB- the dishwasher , the toilet flushing -RRB- You name it !!! We ca n't get a clear , `` fuzzy-free '' reception to hear our little girl . Another thing that irritates me are the knobs used to turn the volume up and down . They are not finger-friendly-It is impossible to get a good grip . I would think twice about purchasing this monitor if I were you .
 We registered for this & received it at our shower . After setting it up we found there was a LOT of background static . After our son was born we had trouble hearing him over the static & that caused us to turn it up . This only caused MORE static . After 3 days , we took it back & got the Sony & quot ; BabyCall & quot ; monitor . It was more expensive , but WELL worth it ! = -RRB-
 We were very disappointed with this monitor . It has a constant background `` hum '' that is so loud it is difficult to hear the baby , and distracting when trying to watch TV or sleep . We returned it and bought the Sony 900 mhz , and are very happy with how quiet the Sony is .
 I thought this monitor was pretty good -LRB- I 've been using it for 12 months now -RRB- until I visited a friend in Colorado . Her monitor -LRB- First Years -RRB- was so silent I had to check over and over that they were on . That does n't happen with these `` Sound n Lights '' monitors , there 's so much static I always know they 're on !
 The monitors were great when they were first purchased but after a month all we could pick up was static . We have moved the monitors from room to room , put them in different positions and still all we get is static , we ca n't even hear our baby when he cries . Eventually the static goes away and all you constantly hear is an annoying buzzing noise . I would recommend a different brand .
 What kind of price is this Amazon ??? You can get the same box of diapers at Wal-Mart for 19.99 . What a joke . I thought that Amazon was supposed to be known for their LOW prices . These are great diapers but White cloud works even better !!! Protects leaks much better than pampers and they fit my son much better since he is a toddler .
 I really do n't reccomend this bouncer . We bought this bouncer for our third child and the previous ones were much better . The covers that snap over the rubber feet constantly fell off and were missing within a week or so . It does adjust back and forth , but one of the angles where the bars meet is cracked and almost completely broken . We have to adjust one side at a time with quite a bit of force , and sometimes ca n't tell if both sides are adjusted the same . The music/vibrating box is no longer on ours because the fabric is ripping and tearing in that area . My daughter loved the music , so that was a plus . She seems to enjoy it , but it 's really starting to look rough . The toys are nothing special , so my 4 and 2 yr old took off with those a long time ago . Maybe better for someone who does n't frequently use a bouncer .
 I received this as a gift , and kept it though I thought it might not work too well . Once my little girl arrived , she hated it . The seat jut sinks in in the middle and she just looked VERY uncomfortable . There is no head support , so I would NOT recommend this for an infant . The toy bar broke almost immidiately , and if you have children you know , it would be nice to be able to grab it by the toy bar and move it -LRB- without the child in it of course -RRB- . I bought the Pretty in Pink Calming Vibrations and it is much better , I just have one complaint about that . My son constantly snatches off the toys -LRB- velcro -RRB- and hides them around the house !
 I would definitely NOT recommend this bouncer to anyone . The feet do not stay in place and will twist out of place every time the bouncer is moved . The wire frame feels flimsy and the music unit presses up through the seat directly under where a babys legs would be . The toy bar will detach with the slightest pull , so it is not possible to carry the bouncer around by holding the toy bar when the baby is not in it ; you have to lean down and pick up the entire thing . It is difficult to adjust from one position to another , and the lowest position leaves a baby almost laying completely flat . The music unit is very difficult to insert and keeps falling out of my bouncer . The fabric is thin and feels cheap . The bouncer itself is very lightweight and cheap feeling overall . I would not feel comfortable leaving a baby over a few months old , or one that can move around , in this bouncer as the bouncer could easily become unstable with the feet out of place and the wire frame is so light that it practically just gives way to the slightest weight or pressure .
 I bought a brand new Dreamer Design Manhattan Single Stroller for a trip to Jordan . After receving the stroller I decided to buy the carrying bag too , to protect the nice looking stroller from the bad manegament it could received in the airport . This brand makes big strollers , and i preasumed by looking at the picture -LRB- the picture show a stroller with the wheels on that fits perfectly in the bag -RRB- that the bag should be big enough and the stroller should fit in it perfectly . I preasumed wrong , after 20 minutes trying to put the stroller inside the bag , my husband suggested to take out the wheels . It took us another 20 minutes to put the stroller and the wheels inside the bag and we almost couldnt closed it and the zipper looked like it was going to broke . This carrying bag is design by the same company of the stroller and the stroller should fit perfectly with the wheels on . I really dont know what happens with this one !
 I ordered this to carry our stroller across country on a couple flights . When it arrived one zipper was busted . Hoping that the other zipper would hold out , it came to the airport with me where it promptly disintegrated . The dang thing just totally came apart . At that point it became even more of a burden as the broken thing had to have a place to go.Unless the company starts making this out of significantly sturdier material , do not have high - or any , for that matter - hopes for this product .
 Had it hung up for one day and one of the ties on one side broke off . The tie parts are sewn on poorly .
 This item looks very good and I was going to order it until I looked at the description which says it measures 1 '' by 1 '' inch . this is obviously an error and needs to be corrected if it is going to sell . I would order it if I need the accurate dimensions .
 I have ordered this carseat and when it arrived it was the old version without the gracopedic foam , 3X more EPS foam , and no travel pillow . I called and they sent out another seat . Same outdated seat sent . I will not compromise my angels safety . If Graco added more EPS foam , then the booster needed it . I want the item very badly , but I want it as described , with the new advances .
 I had read some reviews and expected my toddler to rest easily in this seat . There were two main problems I have with it . 1st - when my toddler nods off , I can tell she is uncomfortable as her head is flopped forward . 2nd - I have to constantly readjust the seat belt , every time I put her in , because the seat belt slots do not have any type of hold on the seat belt itself . My parents bought a different style model , the Graco Cargo booster seat . This one even though it is n't pink or purple , provides much more comfort for my little one .
 I bought this for my four month old . I spent alot of time comparing before purchasing it . I made a mistake ! It was cute and seemed to be great , but within the first few minutes my son pulled the bird off . I snaped it back on . The next time he pulled it off , the white ring attached to the back of the bird came off and he put it in his mouth and started chocking ! Even with bird broke off of it he enjoys it , however my concern is for the next child that chokes ! Would NOT recommend this product .
 My 3 month old son repeatedly removes the bird , it comes off too easily . Today he tugged at a hanging toy and the yellow bar broke . This toy needs some improving .
 This product is dangerous.This mat has U shaped connector rings for toys instead of C shaped connector rings . My 4 month old daughter grabbed one of the toys and pulled , it came right off the frame ring and smashed her right in the face . She now has a purple bruise on her bottom lip .
 My daughter did not enjoy this . She would play with it for maybe five minutes and then want to do something else . She also pulled the bird off several times at the age of four months , now that is bad . Not very good quality .
 My cousins Bailey and Christian are almost 1 . when Christian was under the play mat , he kicked the side-pole . All of a sudden the whole thing collapsed on him . Sure , he cried for about 10 minutes , but the birdie still worked . Since it 's $ 40 ... now you know why . Although when either one of the baby 's were cranky my Aunt would put them under it and it would keep them quiet for 10 minutes , which is when the bird stopped you were about to hear noise . Throughout the whole thing it was okay , but mostly bad .
 Tried the sun cover because yes it does get sunny in Washington . the fit is too tight and hard to get over the stroller when you have both seats on . the kids pushed and pushed until it would come off
 We have a peg perego and this rain cover fits it fine . Although I would agree with the other reviewer that it would be much better if it were longer and came down more in the front . But my biggest complaint is that our cover cracked . Apparently , when it 's really cold the plastic gets really hard -- when we had a number of below zero days this past week the cover cracked and now is totally useless to us .
 I had this on my baby list as it claims it fits over most strollers . I too have the Peg Perego Pliko stroller and last week I tried using it for the first time . Hah ! I spent 20 minutes in the wind trying to get the darn thing to stay put . There are no straps or snaps or anything to keep it over the stroller and it kept blowing off like an inflatable balloon ! I spent more time chasing it across the parking lot than anything else . Gave up and will be returning it . When I was in the UK they sold a Peg Perego rain cover that first over the Pliko perfectly . Where can I get one here ?? Do n't waste your money if you have a Peg Perego !
 I bought this rain shield after reading another review that said it fits Peg Perego strollers . Since we live in NYC , it is an absolute essential ! We had a Prince Lionheart Rain Shield but left it behind on a trip.The quality of this shield is excellent ; durable , heavy plastic , nice side vents , etc.The major flaw is that it does not hang down far enough in the front , and when we were out with it last , my 17 month old 's feet were drenched because the shield left them exposed . He is of average height but since he will obviously grow before he is totally out of the stroller , this shield is useless to us . -LRB- I will save it for any future babies , when we are using the carseat/stroller combo -RRB- . I am really disappointed and will have to buy another shield .
 I purchased this gate on a sale event and tried to put it in my kitchen . However , this gate is absolutely not sturdy and easy to fall even with a light push . It ca n't lock very well because the adjustable feature is poorly designed where you can only adjust to `` certain '' position but not `` all . '' I tried to fit it around the stairs and it does n't work . Simply speaking , it does n't work in any entrance of my house . I returned the item the next day . Please consider another gate if you are looking for a secure one .
 This gate is not sturdy at all and does not fit flesh up against the wall . I return it .
 I have used 4 different kinds of gates and wanted just one more `` cheap '' one for the kitchen . Upon arrival I lifted it out of the box and it felt very flimsy . Then when I went to put it in the doorway I barely pushed down on the arm and it snapped completely off . I can only think that it must have already been cracked and I just did n't notice . You get what you pay for .
 It is very hard to lock and more recommended for dogs than babys . It also falls easily . Do n't buy it unless you want your babys to run away .
 Great if you are looking for a short term , cheap product , but you get what you pay for . when ours came , it was already cracking on the folds - its that cheap plastic-like material . doesnt seem like it would last long .
 This is by far one of the most annoying boosters I have ever purchased.I am trying to find another to replace it so I can finally toss this thing to the dumpster!To begin with , whichever reviewer said that this booster has no cracks or crevices -LRB- which was why I bought the booster in the first place -RRB- was entirely incorrect . Not only does it have 1/2 inch gaps between the armrest areas and the blue booster base/frame , but it also has holes in the seat and in the bottom of the base . That means that any little crumb or spill makes its way either through the holes and then gets the whole hollow base a mess and then the chair a mess -LRB- which you have to constantly have to lift the booster up to wipe off the chair 's seat area and wipe out the booster base - annoying in itself because the rubber grippers that keep the booster on the chair are poked through the base so the washrag always catches inside and you just ca n't get out all the crumbs because they get stuck by these gripper things -RRB- or even worse - spills - roll right down the holes in the seat , right into the holes in the base , and then slowly seep all over your chair and down the floor . Not to mention the gaps by the arms - TONS of food falls down there to remain until you take the thing off the chair , disassemble it all , and clean it out.This is made very poorly . You should n't have to unfasten a booster from the chair , take the whole thing apart , and clean it at the sink after EVERY SINGLE meal .
 I was very disappointed in this liner . It seemed like such a great idea , but I could not get it to stick to the tub when there was any more than 2 inches of water in the bath . Once the water level rose , so did the liner . We ended up returning this product to Amazon .
 I could never get the suction cups to stick onto the tub . I do n't have a textured tub , but the sides are curved at the ends . If you have straight-sided tubs this might work better . Whether the tub wall was wet or dry , they never stuck.When I did try to give my daughter a bath , the liner rose with the water level because the suction cups would n't stick . If you only use an inch or two of water in tub , then this product is for you . I returned it a week later .
 I have tried this in two tubs now and it does n't stick as indicated . Also , as someone else stated , when there is more than two inches of water in the tub , the liner starts floating . As the water rises , so does the liner . I do n't think I can return it now after I threw the box away . Also , it does n't do any good if your child slips if it does n't adhere properly to walls of tub .
 Do n't waste your time with this product . The design in inherently flawed . The buoyancy provided by the water in the tub provides enough force to overcome the suction cups . In addition if your toddler decides to grab it , it may give way and cause your toddler to slip and potentially hit thier head . Amazon should remove this product from their website !
 I too could not get this product to work . The suction cups did not stay attached no matter what I tried -LRB- other than only using an inch of water which I think is ridiculous . -RRB- The other problem with this is the strong smell of vinyl . We all know now that its not good for you and certainly not for young bodies . I returned this product .
 I have read how the tub has to be completely clean and dry , but it did n't work for me . They just did n't stick to the tub and kept floating off every time I tried to use them . Anyway , they are in the trash .
 This doesnt fit my bathtub . The shallow end -LRB- opposite the spout -RRB- of my tub is angled and not straight up and down like the one in the photo so it cant be attached evenly all the way around . I love this concept but it doesnt quite work in real life . I also have problems with it floating up with the water level . Unless you bath your baby in only 1 inch of water -LRB- or you have a really deep tub and not the `` normal '' style -RRB- you will have issues with this happening . I fill the tub to about 4 inches or just at my daughters belly button . Its too bad because I really think this was a great idea . The rising with the water wouldnt bother me so much if it attached to my tub correctly to start with .
 Liner fits bathtub niceline and is easy to inflate . Colorful and does the job but can only be used if your baby is a `` sitter '' in the tub and does n't try to pull up on the tub sides as the cushion does n't go all the way to the top , much less over the top of the tub at all . Would be so much better if it extended up a little over the top of the tub wall.Also , suction cups are large but do n't hold to the rounded corners of the tub at all , so comes off and floats up during every bath . Not using it anymore ...
 The suction cups do not work in our tub ! It is more of a hazard than help . If my daughter barely bumps into the liner , all the suction cups come undone and it folds in ontop of her !!!!
 The suction cups are so swallow they do n't grip the tub very well so they come off the walls easily . We got a bigger baby tub and that 's much easier for us . Good idea , bad execution .
 This is a nice concept however it needs improvement . The suctions do n't stay on for anything , when the water rises over 2 inches so does the item and I spend the whole frustrating bath time trying to get them to stick . Even if my baby slid back unsafely he would probably bump his head on the top part of the tub anyways -LRB- which is not protected . Do n't waste your money .
 I seem to be the only naysayer among the reviewers of this product . I wish my daughter would use it , because I love the compact size . However , she simply wo n't use it . If we sit her on it when we 're out in public she refuses to go . It sounds great for some children , but it definitely does n't work for our family .
 THIS SEAT DOES NOT FIT WELL ON ELONGATED TOILET BOWLS . I TRIED TO USE IT ON A PUBLIC TOILET AND WHEN I TRIED TO PUT MY DAUGHTER ON IT , IT SLIPPED OFF AND FOLDED UP , PINCHING HER SKIN . I THINK I WILL BE BRINGING A REGULAR SEAT WHEN WE GO AWAY AGAIN . MAYBE GRACO SHOULD PUT A LOCKING MECHANISM ON THE BACK OF THE SEAT SO IT WO N'T CLOSE ON A CHILD 'S SKIN .
 The only thing about this seat that is good is the fact that it folds up . I 'm training two kids now and neither one will use it . It does help protect some , but it does not come close to covering any seat that we have tried it on and my kids still touch the toilet seat .
 I Bought this product for my 3yr . old . At first I thought it would help her go to the bathroom when we went out but when she sits on the seat she has been pinched a few times . At first she did n't want to sit on it again & she cried when I took her to the bathroom , but I told her I would sit her on it & I would lift her off . Since I have been doing this she has n't been pinched , but it took me a while for her to trust me . If you buy this product you have to be very careful or your child will get pinched .
 For the safety and well being of your child , do n't purchase this product ! I had to give this a star for my review to take , I really feel it should have minus stars . I put my daughter on this during a rest area stop.Fortunately I was still holding on to her . It slid then flipped up and fell into the toilet . Her hand was down and she got pinched ! She would not sit on a toilet with any potty seat for months ! This really set back her potty training !
 This potty seat arrived the other day and we returned it before even trying it with our 2-year-old daughter . It feels very flimsy , like there 's no way it would hold her up , and her skin could easily get pinched in the `` no-pinch '' hinges . Even placing it all the way forward as instructed , it did n't fit our oblong toilet seat . It came without the promised storage bag . No handles , so there 's nothing to hold on to besides the dirty toilet . Not worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , even with free shipping .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone !! When I bought this potty seat I thought it was a great idea ! I was really excited , it fit perfectly in my purse so I thought that I would n't have to worry about public restrooms anymore ! But then I got it home , it is made out of really hard plastic and there are no locking mechanisms to keep it unfolded . We have an elongated toilet like most public places so the seat does n't really fit , when you go to sit your child on it it starts folding up . Either making it fall in the toilet or pinching your childs skin ! -LRB- It did mine !! -RRB- Maybe on a round toilet it will work great but how many public toilet seats are round ? Not many !! I think that this was a great idea but this product was not thought through very well ! I have had many Graco products & loved them but I feel that this is very dangerous and needs to be remade to be safer and to fit on all toilet seats properly !! I would not buy it !!
 Pinched my daughter 's tush -LRB- even though it was opened all the way , it bent as she was getting on -RRB- . She never went near it again . Have to be very careful as child is sitting down .
 This seat is very dangerous and set my daughter 's potty training back months . The seat folded and fell into the toilet while she was sitting on it ! Thank goodness I was still holding her ! She did get pinched and was afraid to sit on the toilet for a few months after ! Potty training is stressful enough on a child without a defective product making it worse ! The only reason I gave it a star is there is not a way to save the review with out one .
 I used this potty for about a month with no problems at all . Last night the potty caved in and my 21 month old daughter fell in the toilet ! I would not recommend this product to anyone . She is only 26 pounds and she fell in , what would happen to a larger child ? This potty does not come with any warning regarding elongated toilets , since it does not fit on them , you should be careful using it on one .
 I was hoping for something lightweight and easy to carry for potty training purposes . I definitely got what I asked for , but I did n't ask to get my daughter 's butt cheeks to get pinched in the process ! Aside from this seat being flimsy , the package was missing the `` travel bag '' it was supposed to come with . Needless to say , I returned it and got the padded travel potty seat instead . It 's a little bulkier to have to lug around , but my little girl is so much more comfortable !
 We got this potty seat for traveling and it did not fit in any of the hotel , restrooms pottys . It seems that it is ROUND and the seats on toilets are OVAL . Look for a different seat - I see some that are OVAL in shape .
 If you 're looking for a wet bag for cloth diapers , this is not the bag you want . The drawstring does n't hold it closed - you 'll be sure to smell the dirty diapers . The material is n't good for diapers either . It 's cute and that 's about it .
 I purchased this bag to carry my wet bikrym yoga clothes home in . First , the bag is not as large as is advertised , mine was 12 `` x14 '' . Worse than that , the bag is not even remotely waterproof . I used it once and it leaked immediately . I switched to a trashbag that has held up for over a month . This bag might be okay for carrying lightly damp items , but that 's all . Not a good buy at all , I would n't recommend this item to anyone .
 The drawstring on the bag does not function , so I have to just roll up the bag everytime I put anything in there . I do n't know if my tote is malfunctioning or if they all function in this manner . Really disappointed .
 I bought this as a wet bag for my BG 3.0 cloth diapers . It works ok , but some aspects of it 's design are annoying . It has very long cords so that the wet bag can function as a backpack . At first this was convenient for me to grab a clean diaper , stick the wet wipes in the mesh pocket and run with my baby to the restroom . However , I typically have the whole diaper bag with me , so this functionality is not important to me . Also , when I wash the wet bag the cords get wrapped around all the diaper and create a tangled mess . I finally just cut off the cords b/c they were becoming such a problem and do n't seem to provide any extra protection against wetness in my diaper bag . I 've found that it is not as waterproof as another wet bag I have that has PUL and cotton cover with zipper . The Bumkins has been known to make other things in my diaper bag damp if I have an especially wet diaper in it . I still use this bag , but it 's not much more useful than reusing a grocery bag . I am in the process of ordering a different brand to try .
 This pillow is too small , I am 5 ' 7 '' and it does n't really do anything for my belly . I still have to use 3 other conventional pillows to get comfortable . This may work if you are 5 ' and under . Its also too soft and and falls flat easily -LRB- no support -RRB- .
 I bought this pillow as I have a bad lower back and being pregnant has made sleeping uncomfortable . This pillow is the LOWEST quality pillow I have EVER used . The filling is loose and the pillow does not keep it shape . It is very hard to `` fluff '' the pillow for use each night as it does not even distribute the filling . I HIGHLY recommend a regular well made body pillow if you are accustomed to higher quality pillow . I had really high hopes and was very disappointed .
 I tried this pillow and could n't get it situated to where I was any more comfortable . Pass this up and go for a Snoogle . It 's a little more money , but worth it for the better night 's sleep .
 well , I tried and thought it was too big . It does not get soft and the bigger end stays too tough so I found it quiet uncomfortable . I am actually returning it . I am at the beginning of my 6th and I weigh 119 pounds . Maybe I am just not heavy enough ?? but still .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my pregnant wife . At first , like many reviewers , she loved it , but as time went by it fell flat ... literally . The pillow is filled with cotton fill , the kind you would buy at a department store if you were going to make a decorative throw pillow . This means the pillow falls flat and gets divots where there is constant pressure . My wife is petite so she is not wearing the pillow down , it is just poorly made . Not really worth the money , but it is a nice alternative to the larger pillows . My wife did like it before it fell flat and she does still use it from time to time .
 I was in my 3rd trimester when I ordered this . I started to get leg pains from having to lay on my side all of the time . My chiropractor recommended using something like this to support my stomach and my legs . This pillow was worthless . It did not help with the pain at all . It was too flat between my legs . It did no more for me than a $ 5 pillow did . I returned it and would not recommend spending $ 30 on this pillow .
 I was very unhappy with this pillow . The stuffing was too full at the top and seperated at the bottom . I find it more useful now to aid in breastfeeding till I get the pillow I want , which will not be a Boppy !
 I have this pillow . I got it when I was a few months pregnant . I admit I did like it at first although I did feel it was a little expensive for what a regular pillow could do . In the last few months though the stuffing has started to separate , especially where you would put it in between your legs . It has separated into two distinct chucks of filling . No matter how much I try to fluff it back together its not the same . So , its a nice pillow but do n't expect it to last .
 I bought this pillow at about 11 weeks , right when the sleeplessness started . I 've used it every night since then . I 'm 13 weeks now . The stuffing has a lot to be desired . It has separated and is lumpy right where you need stuffing , specifically the portion that goes between the legs . It is supposed to keep the knees seperated to take pressure off the lower back , but since the stuffing has seperated , it no longer has that effect . I will be going back to a regular bed pillow after using this product onlt 2 1/2 weeks .
 I got this about 3 years ago and used it through my last pregnancy . I started using it again for my current pregnancy and am recalling the frustrations I had with it . -LRB- who needs the added frustration from a pillow when you 're pregnant and uncomfortable ?!? -RRB- The shape of this pillow is nice , but the widest part is a little too wide & takes up a lot of space in bed - bulky . The slip cover is nice & washes well -LRB- gentle & cold -RRB- . I agree with others - the stuffing separates and clumps up . It 's also too soft & squishy to give enough support . I expected it to be firmer , like the regular Boppy pillow , but it 's no where near . It quickly flattened-out in the areas where I needed the most support , so I end up fluffing the stuffing every time I try to use it and then folding over the widest part to get more support.I tried it for nursing , and my son just sank down into it - WAY too soft . I used it under the regular Boppy a few times when I needed him a bit higher than just the Boppy would support . I like it best as a back support while sitting up to nurse in bed.I got the other , bigger Boppy pillow for pregnancy , but it was also way too soft , and took up entirely too much room.I 'd recommend to get this if you do n't need much support and like a squishy & very soft pillow . For most people , I 'd say to try something else . A regular , comparatively inexpensive bolster pillow combined with a small toss pillow under the belly has worked best for me !
 It is important to clamp the seat belt when using a child 's car seat but this clip is hard to use and a pain to get on and off . A better system is the red clamp that comes with other car seats.The Graco seat is a design nightmare and should be avoided at all costs.Always test the seat installation before buying .
 If you 're looking for a wet bag for cloth diapers , this is not the bag you want . The drawstring does n't hold it closed - you 'll be sure to smell the dirty diapers . The material is n't good for diapers either . It 's cute and that 's about it .
 I purchased this bag to carry my wet bikrym yoga clothes home in . First , the bag is not as large as is advertised , mine was 12 `` x14 '' . Worse than that , the bag is not even remotely waterproof . I used it once and it leaked immediately . I switched to a trashbag that has held up for over a month . This bag might be okay for carrying lightly damp items , but that 's all . Not a good buy at all , I would n't recommend this item to anyone .
 The drawstring on the bag does not function , so I have to just roll up the bag everytime I put anything in there . I do n't know if my tote is malfunctioning or if they all function in this manner . Really disappointed .
 I bought this as a wet bag for my BG 3.0 cloth diapers . It works ok , but some aspects of it 's design are annoying . It has very long cords so that the wet bag can function as a backpack . At first this was convenient for me to grab a clean diaper , stick the wet wipes in the mesh pocket and run with my baby to the restroom . However , I typically have the whole diaper bag with me , so this functionality is not important to me . Also , when I wash the wet bag the cords get wrapped around all the diaper and create a tangled mess . I finally just cut off the cords b/c they were becoming such a problem and do n't seem to provide any extra protection against wetness in my diaper bag . I 've found that it is not as waterproof as another wet bag I have that has PUL and cotton cover with zipper . The Bumkins has been known to make other things in my diaper bag damp if I have an especially wet diaper in it . I still use this bag , but it 's not much more useful than reusing a grocery bag . I am in the process of ordering a different brand to try .
 I bought this early on in to help the pain in my belly when I laid on my side , it was ok for awhile but finally gave it up for my own feather pillows which were much easier for me to position how I wanted them . The problem with this pillow is that its too firm and when my belly was really sore it just put more pressure on it . That did n't feel good , and made it difficult to sleep . I usually ended up tossing it on the floor halfway through the night . I recently tried to use it for awhile and it does n't work at all for me in the last trimester either . If your belly is stretching and sensitive to pressure do n't get this , just invest in a couple of good feather pillows ! : -RRB-
 I bought this despite hearing that it is too hard , and now I wish I would have listened . I am in the last half of my 2nd trimester , so maybe I 'll use it more later , but for now it works best for back support when I 'm sitting on the couch . When I have used it for sleeping I wake up with a sore abdomen , because the wedge is hard . I also have a snoogle pillow , and find that it works better alone , instead combined with the wedge . I hope the manufacturer will improve upon this wedge by making it with a material more like memory foam , which would make it softer , but still supportive . I am only 5 ' 2 '' , with a very short abdomen , so maybe the wedge made me sore because it went under my ribs , which were the most tender when I woke up .
 This only provides basic to support to the very side of the belly , nothing to help with the rest or the top .
 There is nothing WRONG with this cheap , little pillow ... except it 's so flimsy that it ends up wedging under my husband or lost somewhere under the blankets . I 'm glad so many people had success with it . I just felt it was too small to do anything worthwhile . I 've had it since early in my pregnancy and tried it at many different stages and truly everywhere I could think to try it around my body . Now I 'm in the last 3 weeks and I need something under my belly and this this still does n't cut it .
 I was going to order one of these but ended up finding one still in the package at the thrift store . I 'm really glad I did n't pay full price for it because it 's way too hard to sleep with . I 've had it since about 5 months and now I 'm 8 months and having major sleep issues again . The only way it 's of any use is to put it under your back if you have another pillow under your tummy . It 's just not comfortable though and I end up ditching it for a regular pillow after about 10 minutes . It 's not a pillow it 's a hunk of very firm foam .
 Not at all worth it . I bought this pillow about 5 months into my pregnancy because my back was hurting at night . It did NO good and just got in my way ! I went to Target and bought a temperpudic -LRB- sp -RRB- pillow that worked perfectly !
 I 'm sure this pillow works for someone , but not for me . I personally found it horrible . The two nights I used it , I woke up with back pain . It 's simply hard and uncomfortable . Find yourself a good , soft pillow that you can smush under your belly and between your legs , if necessary , and you 'll be a whole lot happier .
 I find it TOTALLY rediculous that Amazon has this pillow priced for 39.99 -LRB- 2/1/2011 -RRB- . From past reviews obviously it was sold for the average price of 14.99 and if you shop around that is what most places sell it for ... Motherhood , Target , Baby R Us , etc. ... Just Goggle `` Boppy Wedge '' most sites also offer free shipping .
 The pillow is OK . A bit too small for any real support . I may try to use it for my knees after birth .
 They need to have a size reference in the picture just so you can see how big this wedge ACTUALLY is . It 's tiny ! I did n't even support half my belly , and I 'm not a very large person ! Plus , it 's as hard as a rock . I understand that it 's for support , but there should be at least SOME cushioning . I mean , pregnancy is already uncomfortable , why make a PILLOW -LRB- which are supposed to be soft -RRB- that makes you even more uncomfortable . Do n't waste your money ! Go get a throw pillow from your couch . MUCH BETTER !
 The wedge is nice if I am sitting on the couch for my back , but not that great for side sleeping . I found a simple pillow does best .
 I am about 7 months pregnant and I ca n't decide if this pillow was a good investment or a waste of money . It 's much smaller than I thought it would be . Before I had this pillow I would just use my regular pillows between my knees , behind my back or to support my belly . This pillow is very hard and I 'd rather use a soft pillow under my belly . Maybe as I get further along it will prove to be invaluable , but for now I could take it or leave it . -LRB- I do like using it on top of propped up pillows behind my head when I am reading in bed . -RRB-
 I bought the Boppy Wedge because it came highly recommended , but have found it too uncomfortable to use . It is very hard and does n't give at all . I thought I needed to wait till I got bigger , but I am 31 weeks now and it still is not comfortable . Maybe this is more suitable for women who carry bigger and really need the extra support .
 I bought this pillow when I was 6 months pregnant and I wish I would have saved my money . It was small , made out of cheap material and it did not provide the support I needed . I wish I would have paid more attention to reviews that warned about this pillow not being worth the money . If you have the money , go with something more expensive or buy a pillow you can physically see before purchasing . This pillow did not work well with my anatomy and I threw it away before my 7th month .
 A standard bed pillow or sofa pillow is more firm and helpful than this product . I would return it but it is not worth the effort .
 This is definelty NOT the large piggy bank that it claims to be . Very small and do not believe the user photo that was added . This piggy bank would fit in the palm of your hand
 The piggy bank is only 5-6 '' big . Not LARGE at all . The product arrived arrived in a damaged box , part of the tutu was hanging off and you can see the hot glue coming out from the top . This will be returned immediately . Highly dissappointed as its for a first birthday gift in a week : -LRB- Gave 2 stars because if it arrived undamaged it would have been cute . . But not $ 20 cute
 This piggy bank is truly adorable , but it is very misleading . I searched for large piggy banks and this one pooped up , large is in the title , but it is TINY !! It is maybe one for a newborn , basically you ca n't use it , it would be full in weeks . So for the price i could have gotten a large cute one on etsy ... I would not reccomend the product due to misleading title and its overall tiny tiny size .
 When I looked at this item it had a picture of it next to a baby that showed it as large as a newborn child , when I received it in the mail to my surprise it was only about 5 inches long and the box it came in was in pitiful shape and the satin was all frayed .
 Very unhappy with the vendor . They shipped this ceramic piggy bank without extra care . No `` fragile '' label was put on the shipping box and the shiping box does n't have extra padding inside to absorb any unwanted impact . When I got home and picked up the box from the front door , I could hear the noises from the broken piece rattling inside the box . Obviously the shipper heard the rattling noise from the broken ceramic too but did n't care at all and just left the box for me.Thankfully Amazon was great and gave me a full refund including return shipping charges.I like the piggy bank , but I wo n't buy it online again because I 'm afraid that it will be broken every time . I ended up going to our local baby store and get another Mud Pie Geramic Piggy Bank . The store only has the other pricess design with the crown on the head , but it is okay , just as cute . Have to get the Giant size though , it is 10x cuter than the Large size .
 I received the Mud Pie Piggy bank and was shocked at how small it was . I ordered a large which is what I thought was the one in the picture . My new grandaughter is about the size of the baby in the photo . The bank is adorable but extremely small and I am very disappointed with my purchase . I buy from -LSB- ... -RSB- all the time and this is the first time I did n't get what I thought I ordered .
 I 'm sure the product is good , but it has a very powerful odor that is way over the top . I deposited mine in the trash after one use .
 Penaten Baby Cream is an awsome product ! I had used it in Germany 30 years ago on my infant son and was sorry I did not bring a `` truck load '' of it home with me . I tried to get a pharmacist to stock it here in the States but at the time they thought I had an unusual request and were at a loss as to how to make it happen . I was excited to see I could buy it on the internet for my grandchildren . Because I knew how wonderful Penaten Cream was I decided to try other products . Could they be as awsome ? One choice was Penaten Puder . It was expensive but no better than regular baby powder we get here in the States . Why pay more ? It says it is made in Germany but also has that familiar `` Johnson & Johnson '' logo on the container as well . Unless someone knows something about this product that I do n't I would not recommend it over our local products .
 I 've been unimpressed with these . First of all , they are SUPER stiff and scratchy . Maybe it 's because we 're used to the Pure and Naturals -LRB- which are AMAZING ! -RRB- but they just seem uncomfortable . Even when they 're full they seem pretty inflexible . And we 've had multiple leaks with them . What worked better for us was buying the Pure and Naturals in the next size up . They seemed to hold just as much liquid , and are softer and more flexible to boot .
 These leak about 60-70 % of the time for us . Most mornings my son wakes up with wet pajamas from leaks . I 'm going to have to find some new overnight diapers .
 i had these and i tried it b/c my son would n't take the bottle after i breastfed for a month ... not only he did n't like it , it also leaks like crazy . it flowed too slow for him . maybe this would work for newborns but not when they 're a bit older . there 's only one hole and he got frustrated sucking so hard . and did i mention it leaks and wasted my milk . the plastic feels cheap too . i went back to avent and he did fine switching back and forth .
 I realized when I received this set that it was not BPA free , so I returned it . I gave them 2 stars because I do not like the version that is not BPA free . However , I was able to get a set that was BPA free from another vendor and I would highly recommend these bottles , as long as they are the BPA free version . My breastfeeding son adapted to them at one month of age without any fuss and has not experienced any nipple confusion as a result . I introduced them at 1 month so he could get used to them and then began using them regularly for my expressed breastmilk when I would go to work at my part-time job when he was 2 months old . I can see when he is drinking from the bottle that he is using the same motions that he uses when he nurses and I think that is absolutely wonderful . Also , FYI , he is now 6 months old and has always used the stage 1 slow flow nipples and has never had a problem with that . I think that the slow flow are closer to the rate of flow from the breast so I do not intend to ever switch to a medium flow nipple . These are great bottles for a breastfed baby - if they are BPA free !
 My son wo n't have anything to do with these bottles ! I 'm breastfeeding and I was so excited about trying them after reading the reviews , but unfortunately they were a complete waste of money . My son took to Avent bottles immediately . Good luck for those who try these bottles !
 I 'm SO not impressed with this product . I read all the RAVE reviews and that 's why I purchased this thinking it would help my baby take a bottle . WRONG . WRONG . WRONG . The bottles always leaked . My 3mo old hated it and it was a waste of money . I ended up buying the `` SOOTHIES '' bottle at Walmart & it 's also made by The First Years . It cost me 3 bucks and she loves it . She has NO `` nipple confusion '' . I 'm still only breast feeding and my sitter says she does n't have a problem with my baby taking the bottle .
 I have 8 month old twins and have been using these bottles from the beginning . I would NEVER recommend these bottles to anyone . I wanted to nurse my twins , and did so successfully for four months . We always supplemented with a few bottles a day , but when I went back to work I could not manage pumping so we completely switched to bottles . I consider myself -LRB- bachelors degree and two masters degrees -RRB- and my husband competent people -LRB- bachelors and masters degrees -RRB- and we both have read the directions for how to assemble these bottles . They are not difficult directions , so I know I am putting them together correctly . The problem with these bottles is that they leak at almost every feeding . I have one child who takes the entire bottle in one go , but the other must stop and start . This is where we encounter the majority of our problems . The leaks usually occur when there is formula between the two nipples and you set the bottle down . It then slowly drips out of the seal around the bottle . There are other times when the bottles actually leak when feeding the child , again from around the seal . These are a major frustration in our life . Unfortunately my children are used to the nipples and it would be a huge problem to switch to a new type of bottle , so my husband and I have resigned ourselves to dealing with these leakage problems for the next several months .
 I 'm so disappointed in this product . All of it ended up in the recycle bin after less than a week.The nipple collapses in upon itself pretty severely , creating gaps between my son 's mouth and the nipple , through which he gulps down air . There 's no air intake in the nipple so eventually the vacuum is so strong no more milk comes out . The only way to break the vacuum again is to pull the nipple out of his mouth and let it fill out . We have to do this about once a minute while feeding him , so maybe 20 times per feeding ! Outrageous.We got these to try and reduce his gassiness , but instead he swallows so much air while feeding , he winds up with lots of gas and ca n't sleep .
 I am a mother of twins -LRB- 2.5 weeks -RRB- and was recommended these bottles by our lactation consultant to promote breastfeeding and bottle feeding . These are horrible . First , as others have already written , they leak . They leak at the nipple area as well as the rim and I triple checked to ensure we were following directions appropriately . More of your breast milk ends up on your babies neck then in their mouth.Second , the last 1/2 oz of milk gets wasted due to poor bottle design.Third , our twin babies have more gassiness with these bottles than others . Save your money and time and skip this product . I am returning the bottles because they do not meet their label claims .
 I have had these bottles for 5 weeks for my nursing baby . The latch is no different then an Avent bottle which is cheaper . The bottles leak and they are a pain to wash with the extra insert part . I have switched to Tomee Tippee bottles which are more like BF ` n . The Breastflow bottles have a lot of air in them as well .
 I was very very excited about these bottles ... however I soon grew to hate them and regret not buying more Avent . They leak like crazy ... Its very annoying to have your baby crying and as soon as you give him the bottle , have the milk leak and have to take the bottle away and make her cry again while you put the milk in another bottle . I searched online and this happens to a lot of people , so its not just a bad batch that I got . I tried everything to make them work but nothing helped ... and then , as soon as my daughter started having cereal in her milk , they became even more useless . Since the cereal makes the milk very thick , she has to suction very hard to get the milk out through both of the nipples . A bottle feeding of 5 minutes could easily take 45 minutes ... and she eventually would get tired and give up and leave half of the milk in the bottle ... not recommended .
 I bought these bottles because I liked the idea of the baby having to work a little harder to get milk out of the bottle & thought it would prevent the baby from becoming a lazy nurser at the breast . I have chronic low milk supply & have had to supplement all three of my babies . This bottle seemed like the perfect answer forngoing between breast & bottle . While it is similar to how baby has to suck at the breast , the bottle design does not work . The nipple collapses on itself so badly , you have to remove the nipple from baby 's mouth frequently . Also , this bottle causes my child to ingest so much air that she becomes very fussy & extremely gassy !! It is not worth the discomfort to the baby ! I would not recommend this bottle at all !
 I had originally registered for Dr. Brown 's bottles as I had heard rave reviews from a number of friends and family . After having a pre-baby lactation consult , she convinced us that the breastflow bottles were a necessity for our expected twins . We brought the bottles to the hospital with us in case we needed to supplement - which we did . From the very start these bottles leaked , collapsed , and caused our twins to gulp air which resulted in terrible upset stomach and gas . Almost immediately their fussiness , upset stomach , and gas symptoms disappeared once we switched to Dr. Brown 's . I would not recommend these bottles .
 I bought this Breastflow before my daughter was born . I was excited it boasted its likeness with breastfeeding because I knew I would eventually transition from breastfeeding to bottle feeding . My daughter never really seemed to take a consistent liking to the bottle . Sometimes she 'd eat fine but it generally leaked all over her neck . Sometimes the nipple would collapse in so that it made it more difficult for her to get the milk out . The design just is n't quite right because of how it interacts with air which is ultimately going into my daughter 's stomach rather than keeping the nipple inflated as she sucks on it . She ends up very burpy , gassy , or spits up everywhere . Very disappointed . By the way , I really tried to like this product because my daughter is almost 6 months old now and I 've been using this product since birth . I had to just switch out my entire set of bottles for Tommee Tippee instead , which also touts it 's likeness to breastfeeding . I can only hope I wo n't be disappointed again .
 I have noticed the same issue with the nipple collapsing . This is because air is not able to go back into the bottle while they are sucking . So , you have to pull the bottle away from them to let air in . My baby gets much gassier with this bottle because they end up swallowing a lot more air . I think the idea is great but execution is poor . Plus , at least a half ounce of milk gets trapped between the nipple pieces and I lose all that breastmilk because it does not empty . I have tried the Dr. Brown 's bottles and the Born Free bottles and they are superior in quality and use to this bottle . Would not recommend this bottle .
 UPDATE 2010
 look into what bpa will do to the developing brain before using any clear plastic .
 I was so excited to try these out since they really do seem like the perfect thing for typically breastfed babies . Maybe we just got a bad batch or something , but I hate these bottles . The outer nipple is designed to feel like a breast , but when my 3 month old gets it into her mouth it collapses onto itself , then the suction from trying to drink from it and the milk gathered in the nipple seem to create some kind of vacuum and make it hard for her to drink . At least that 's what it looks like to me . Maybe she just hates them and is fighting me on it . This also seems to be one of the worst bottles that I 've tried as far as air getting into the bottle and making baby uncomfortable . Since my daughter has/had some reflux and gas issues , it was a no-go for us . I also used ours pretty rarely and at least two of them -LRB- out of the starter set -RRB- have cracked already . They do n't leak yet , but there are little fissures in a sunburst pattern on the bottom of the bottles . The plastic feels pretty thin and cheap , and apparently it is . It seemed like a good idea , but the quality leaves a lot to be desired , and the design , for whatever reason , is n't working out for us .
 I used to love these bottles until the nipple collapsed twice while feeding my 4 month old daughter , causing almost the entire bottle to spill in her mouth and nose . The first time it happened I thought I did n't screw the top on , but then it happened again . After doing some research , this is a common problem with these bottles .
 As a nursing mother I researched many different brands of bottles to find the easiest one for my little one to make the transition . I read from so many sources that Soothie would make the transition the easiest for babies . I bought a starter kit and several other bottles . I was greatly dissapointed to learn that out of all the bottle that I purchased only one did not leak . I tried repositioning the nipple and I tried to tighten the lid . Nothing helped . My son was soaked everytime we tried to use them . I switched to another brand and now we are very dry .
 The set up is by far the coolest I 've seen . You can put formula in the bottom of the cups and just dump it in when it needs to be shaken up and made . Great for travelling right ? However , our son hates these nipples . They are too flat and frustrated him , we had to buy another product and as he is 6 months old he still does n't like them . We 've tried a few times . There just does n't leave much room for a natural suction as it 's totally flat with a nipple sticking straight out . Also , there is no way to get rid of air in the bottle or to ensure your baby does n't get air while eating . I would n't recommend this system to anyone , I do n't know how babies eat out of these . The nipples make no natural sense and there are no other solution to a replacement as far as I have seen .
 My daughter is almost 3 months I didnt have a problem with these bottles until now ! The nipple falls through while im feeding her and spills all over both of us ! Very disappointed !
 I received these for a shower gift . Two of the three bottles leaked terribly , and when I e-mailed and called the company they basically said take them back to the store . Well , they 'd been used !! No aplology , nothing ! Very disappointed !
 I heard a lot of good reviews about this brand and love the pacifiers , but the bottles just are n't that great . The opening of the bottle is wide -- great for pouring formula in -- but it makes it really hard to feed . In order to get the last oz . in the bottle , you practically have to suffocate your baby because the nipple is in the center of this wide-mouthed bottle . So in order for fluid to get to the nipple , you have to tilt the bottle 90 degrees over the mouth of your baby . The result of this problem led to a lot of gas . This bottle might not be so bad if they made the the mouth of the bottle narrower or moved the the nipple away from center .
 Cons :1 -RRB- The nipple on the bottles are too big for newborns . My daughter 's nose always looked as if it was being squished and she had difficulty breathing while feeding .2 -RRB- To get the last ounce or so , you have to pretty much put the baby lying down to get the milk in the nipple . Lots of formula wasted !! 3 -RRB- My daughter always looked angry and frustrated while drinking and sucked in too much gas .4 -RRB- Beware of the nipple flow ! 2 nipples in this kit are a size 2 -LRB- not appropriate for newborns -RRB- . Pros :1 -RRB- The soothie is great .2 -RRB- The bottles are wide and easy to clean .3 -RRB- Probably better for older infants.My daughter is doing much better with the Playtex Advance bottles . I would recommend you try another alternative , especially if you want to reduce gas or refrain from feeding your child lying down for her to finish the last ounce .
 I have used these bottles fot two weeks with my newborn and I am not impressed . My daughter was very difficult to burp and was vomiting frequently because of trapped gas . I experimented with the Dr. Brown bottle and the Playtex Vent-Air . Both seemed to help but the Playtex is by far the best . People complain about the extra pieces but it is worth it to have a baby who is comfortable .
 i own these bottles they seemed nice.but there is a design flaw with the nipples there are two pin sized holes on each nipple over time filth and germs built up in these holes they are imposible to clean.i didnt notice until one day i started seeing filth floating in the bottle.im thowing mine out .
 I tried the Soothie bottle because my baby was having trouble deciding what bottle she liked . This bottle leaked a lot . I liked the size of the bottle because it was easy to hold , but the size also made it difficult to warm and keep fluid in the nipple when it runs low . My favorite bottles are the Dr. Browns and there is a Parents Choice one that is similar to Dr. Browns .
 I bought these bottles because of all the positive online reviews . I also liked that they are easy to clean . I was VERY disappointed . These bottles are very leaky -LRB- moreso than the Avent -RRB- . It was impossible to shake the bottle to mix the formula and not get it all over the place . The nipple is okay , but the stage 1 nipple flow is too fast and my daughter had problems eating . I switched back to the Playtex Vent Aire which is by far a superior bottle . There are more pieces to clean , but it 's definitely worth it . I would not recommend the Soothie bottles .
 I bought this as a baby shower gift . It does n't look very presentable and I could have saved a lot of money if I would have bought each item separately . It looks cheap when you get it .
 I just received this product . It did not come with the duck in Amazon 's photo or any other photo I 've found for this product on other sites . I contacted Johnson & Johnson today . They advised me that the product first came with a yellow duck , then it was changed to a blue hippo . The hippo was removed as of Dec 2009 . Just know the product Amazon is selling comes without the toy . The rest of the product is as pictured minus the cute yellow bow .
 I got this as gift from baby registry . Firstly , I received this gift in two weeks ! And when I got the package finally , I found no hippopotamus bath toy at all as their product image illustrated or a duck other guys mentioned . I added it to the registry because it has every essential items plus a lovely toy . But I felt disappointed and cheated . They explained that it was delivered from manufactory directly . . But this is not the reason . I will never order anything from this seller since I got cheated !!!
 I bought this for a long road trip to warm up the bottles that we pulled out of the cooler while in the car . I was very excited to have purchased such a great product for a good price . The first time we used it , it got super hot and heated up an ice cold bottle to a nice and warm temp in about 7 minutes . GREAT ! We were happy , baby was happy . The next time we needed to use it ... . it just did n't work . And is has n't worked since . Great idea , but very poor construction , do n't waste your money until they make some improvements . Back to pouring cold milk into ziplock bags and running it under hot water in fast food bathrooms for us !! Ugh !
 I received this bottle warmer as a gift . First of all it does not fit the bottles I have . I have the tommee tippee and they are too wide so it does n't wrap around the whole bottle completely . and then it takes forever to heat up . I waited a good 15 minutes and the bottle was not even warm ! It sucks !
 We purchesed this warmer because we take trips to see family that live hours away . From the other revies , this was the best warmer . We did not use it untill this weekend and to my disappointment it did not work .
 There is absolutely nothing redeeming I can say about this product , as it was a huge disappointment . My wife and I were out about over the holidays doing some shopping , and our daughter got hungry while we were on the road , we attempted to use this thing to heat 4 ounces of milk in a glass bottle , that had been in the diaper bag freezer pouch for at least an hour , and 20 minutes after my daughter screaming in absolutely agony from hunger pains , the bottle was lukewarm , while the warmer itself was impossible to hold because it was so hot . We tried using a plastic bottle the first time we tried it , and was also unsatisfied with the outcome , but thought that maybe because it was a plastic bottle , but the glass bottle did not fair any better .
 I thought this was going to be our on the go answer to feeding our newborn . Unfortunately , the warmer has hot spots while heating . We used it 3 times and it burned holes in 2 of our bottles . Save your money or look elsewhere !
 Total waste of money , cheap is good if it works , this is not that cheap either , its a piece of junk i wont recommend any one buying it
 Along with the other reviewers , I could not get this product to work .
 I registered for this item and received it as a gift , why , I do n't know . I never really even travel by car too often . I decided to try it out the one time I did travel , my son was 4 months old . . I plugged it in and waited and waited and waited and the item never ever heated up . It just remained cold . I tried to take it back to Babies R Us but the return time had already passed so they would n't take it back . My advice on this item is , do n't buy it , even if it does work , you will probably never use it .
 We purchased this warmer for the long car trips we planned this summer and were excited to find on that looked flexible enough to accomodate Avent bottles and fairly compact . I read the other reviews and decided even though some were bad , they may have been flukes . Well , the first time we used it , it worked great . However , it never worked again after that . We tried it in both of our cars , and followed the instructions exactly - by pushing both buttons . I only give it one star because zero was n't an option . We were very unhappy and had to think quickly to come up with an alternative warming solution 4 hours into our trip . Do NOT buy this product .
 I bought this bottle warmer because my son is on the ready to use formula , which has to be kept cold . It 's hard to find a way to warm the bottle when you are on the go or running errands . I tried using it today & followed the directions . It DID N'T work . I even tried pushing the 8 oz button & turning it on more then once . It still did n't warm the bottle.I would n't suggest buying this product .
 I bought this warmer because it had the two settings . It did n't work on either setting . I would not recommend this warmer to anyone .
 I had searched ALL OVER for a simple red crib bumper . When I finally came across this , I was so excited ! We ordered it immediately ... it was delivered in a timely manner , but the item was of low quality , and WAY too long for a crib ! Our crib is a regular crib that we used for our daughter before our son . We had no problem putting a bumper on it for her.I then called the company to ask how to return the item . It took several attempts , in addition to emails to get a return authorization . When we finally got one , we returned the item within a week with the RA on the outside of the box , and a printed copy of the email from the company with the RA on the inside of the box . I then headed straight to Babies R Us and bought a brown one that fit perfectly!It 's been ONE MONTH since I mailed the box , and I 've emailed at LEAST every other day . I still have not gotten my refund!Awful , awful company .
 This bumper is cheaply made . The material is not soft or thick . The ties on the bumer are white and look like elastic -LRB- they 're not -RRB- . The ties are thin and poorly crafted as well . On a positive note , I was pleased with the actual color of the red bumper . It is a bright , vibrant red . I would not recommend this product to anyone because I feel it 's a waste of one 's money .
 I have the matching dust ruffle for this item and it 's great . The bumper is flimsy and does n't have enough tie straps to keep it standing upright on the crib . I had to sew on additional tie-straps for installation . Color is bright and I like the lowered height instead of the tall , over-padded bumpers . Unfortunately , the lack of tie-straps is very disappointing .
 These sheets are cheaply made with thin material . The fitted sheet does not secure to the matress tightly , nor is the sheet soft . The sheet is so thin , I can see through it ! I do like the vibrant red color ; however , this is not something I 'd recommend to anyone . What a waste of money !! I guess you get what you pay for .
 The product comes through another company , which is E-WorldDirectInc . I bought a Balmex for my baby on October . Now is end of November & they did not send my purchase !!! They 've charged me for that though !!!
 I needed a crib bumper to match my crib set and this was the only white one I could find at the time ... Well , terrible choice , I should have waited . The material seems soooooooo cheap , it 's not sturdy at all and does not prevent my baby from sticking her legs out , it does not go all the way around my crib , and mine is standard even a little smaller than average . It already needed to be repaired.I would not recommended this product at all .
 Cradle Mattresses - Size 18x36This mattress comes bare-no plastic covering at all . I have no way of telling if this mattress was previously purchased , then returned , then sent to me . When I opened the shipping box , there was a bare mattress , no `` sanitary '' type of covering , no label on the mattress . Whether it is a good quality mattress does n't matter since I would never use this mattress . Very disappointed .
 I think the actual size is like 14 x 31 or something like that I was very dissappointed , but I am using it any way . It still works just not as well as I would have liked is all !
 My children are both grown and my first grandbaby is due in Sept. I used one of these for both my kids from the time they could eat solid food . BUT , the one I had did not have PLASTIC BLADES !!! It says on the box that they are metal , and one is . But the disc it grinds against is plastic so you are grinding tiny shards of plastic into the food with each turn of the handle . With the knowledge nowadays of the dangers of ingesting plastic , this is ridiculous . The idea is great ; the execution is not only flawed , it is dangerous . I returned it as soon as I opened it . The products on Amazon are sometimes difficult to judge until you have them in your hands , but I have NEVER had a problem with sending back an item for a good reason . Amazon is the best .
 The Food Mill was not what it was suppose to be . It had a plastic grinding plate , which would n't work for feeding a young one table food . I 've had two food mills with metal plates in the past and they worked great . I needed a new one to give to my daughter-in-law . I knew that this would not do the job . I will keep looking .
 I wish I 'd known before I bought this product that the grinding strainer is now made of plastic . WhenI first bought one of these devices in the early 80s the strainer was made of metal . It would grind up anything . Now it 's made of plastic . On the first attempt to grind up 3 oz . of tender roast beef , it failed miserably . It just would not do it , regardless of the amount of pressure applied . The device also leaks out of the bottom .
 The Food Mill arrived quickly , but I am going to return this item because it is missing the grinder plate .
 The picture shows a metal strainer -LRB- the plate with holes that the food comes up through -RRB- , but what we got was plastic . It falls short of working well other than for soft foods and I would not advise anyone to order this product unless they can ensure they will get what is pictured ! Disappointed !!!
 Not as good as the 2 that I bought around 8 years ago . It had medal gringers . Also one of the new ones wigles a lot when turning because the treads are to long and does not get tight .
 Seriously , this item is crap . It does n't grind up anything . I use my food processor for most things .
 This mill is one of the best things I 've ever purchased for my baby . No more baby food for the most part . Now , he can just eat what we are having , within reason . It saves time and money for me . Works great , especially if you crank the handle fast . I 'm surprised what will go through it !
 I find this product looks like a toy . It is very light , small and does not look solid . I bought an electric mill after buying this one . I kept the Kidco one for travel .
 I needed to return this item for an upgrade . I was disappointed with the return policy . The return was sent to an expired credit card - which I 've asked to have removed from my account - fallen on deaf ears , so to speak . Those expired credit cards are still attached to my account.thus , I am not sure I received the refund for my returns and trying to find a person to talk with about this is very difficult.dul
 If all you want to do is mash up fruits and veggies that have to be so soft that you lose most of their nutrients and would like a cheap piece of plastic with a metal scraper on the top to do that job , then buy this food mill . I 'm giving it 2 stars because , honestly , it does that and does it well . But , if you 'd like to actually feed your developing infant more than mushy bananas AND spend money on something that wo n't break in a few months , then spend a little more and buy a real food mill . You can make a variety of baby foods with a variety of textures that will get your child through every stage of feeding , and you can then use it for years and years after to make mashed potatoes , homemade tomato sauce , etc. . If you still do n't believe me , ask yourself this question ... `` Why is this product so cheap when so many others are far more expensive ? ''
 This mill is too weak to puree anything but the softest of foods , and it 's much easier and faster just to mash those with a fork . For anything of any substance -LRB- including very well-cooked broccoli , very well-cooked carrots -RRB- , the mill just pushes the food down and extracts liquids and I end up using the Cuisinart instead . Also , the design is such that it is very easy to spill food all over the counter as you attempt to remove/add food to the mill . I 've had this food mill for 5 months , hoping to use it every day , but have found it so disappointing I have only used 3 or 4 times . Definitely a waste of money .
 After feeding my first child store bought baby food I was on the hunt for a product that would soften my budget while being moderately easy to operate and clean . I went for this one because I did n't want to be making big batches of baby food at a time - way too busy for that - and wanted to be able to just pop in something from the table for my baby girl to eat . My first try was strawberries and while it seemed to work it really just pressed all the juices out of them and really did little to the berries other than press them and leave them under the plastic grate . I added some rice cereal to the juice and pressed on determine to make it work . My next try was some spinach pasta with sauce . I first tried it with the pasta just the way it was and all it did was twirl the pasta around the blades . Next , I tried cutting it into about one inch pieces and added a couple of the red peppers that were in the sauce -LRB- and very soft and well cooked -RRB- . After pressing down with all my might while trying to spin it without snapping the arm off all I again got was very pressed food and little ` ground ' food for my baby to eat . I pressed on with chopped and peeled apples , finely cut up into about pencil eraser size . I was rewarded with several spoonfuls of apple sauce but when I went to clean the device I found that about 80 % of the apples I had put in had just been pressed , had the juice squeezed out and were still in the tube below the blades . NOT worth the trouble for a busy mom . May work okay if you steam and peel all fruits and veggies but I was looking for something to make my life easier , not create more work . I read so hopefully the reviews about this product grinding meat and just ca n't make it come anywhere close to producing an edible result . Busy moms beware !
 This grinder was recommended to me , but I have to say I find it frustrating to use . Juice leaks out the bottom when grinding steamed vegetables or juicy fruit , and grinding some things -LRB- e.g. , green beans -RRB- takes a lot of force . While the price is fine , the high cost of `` shipping and handling '' to purchase one unit made me angry ; had I noticed before I bought it , I would n't have ! Since then I 've noticed that this is sold at most local grocery stores .
 I bought this food mill , based on the reviews & the price , in order to make homemade baby food . Sadly , as much I wanted to love it , this food mill is piece of junk.The base is sturdy enough , but other parts are very flimsy . For example , you have an assembly containing a blade , a sieve & a handle . This assembly is very poorly made . It 's hard to fit onto the base b/c it 's so flimsy & you may find it impossible if your hands get wet during the process.Then , after you are lucky enough to get the entire food mill assembled , the actual process of chopping up the food is a nightmare . You must push down on the base -LRB- in order to position the food pieces to be chopped -RRB- while turning this flimsy handle . Mine always got stuck . I * can * multi-task so pushing down & turning a handle should n't have presented me with such drama , but I could never get more than a teaspoon of food to blend before getting annoyed and dumping out my hard-earned work.I ca n't say that I have a better solution right now . I 'm going back to Amazon to hopefully find a better piece of equipment . But , for your own sanity , stay away from this item .
 I bought this product to make baby food . It turns out not much useful . Big chunk of food did not go through .
 I have used baby food mills before when all 4 of my children were babies , a different brand . This product was a big disappointment and did not work well at all . The top grinding piece is plastic -LRB- not metal -RRB- and was very difficult to process the food through . On anything other than soft vegetables , I had to often ask someone to help by pressing down on the cylinder while I turned the handle . It has no gasket at the bottom of the cylinder and any liquid would run all over the counter . I would not recommend this mill to anyone , it was a waste of money , I quit using it after a week .
 `` Food mill '' generally refers to a product that can make babyfood out of anything by grinding it up . However , some of the newer mills have a plastic grinder plate like this one -LRB- the description and picture are misleading -RRB- , which means it can not grind meat or anything harder than canned pears . I could n't even grind up a ravioli with it . I think most people buy this particular product by accident or because they do n't know better.It 's come to my attention that KidCo still has the original kind of food mill which I think they call a `` food grinder . '' Anyway , do n't buy this or the Sprouts version - Baby food mills are AWESOME , as long as you get a real one with a metal plate -LRB- grinder now I guess -RRB- that will actually make whatever you 're eating for dinner into dinner for baby too .
 I should have read more reviews , but I was in a hurry and the product description said `` Medical-grade , stainless-steel components '' . I had one previously that was stainless . This one is not . The grinder is plastic and would not stand up to grinding anything but soft foods which can be easily mashed without it . The description should be changed to be more accurate . It was returned .
 Used a mill when I raised my son in the 70 's , so purchased this for my granddaughter . Found this mill ineffective in grinding anything beyond a banana . Body of item is difficult to push down , and basically a 2 person operation ... you push and I 'll grind ! Blade section is also difficult to remove to insert more food or take apart for cleaning . Frustrates me every time that I use it . Only good feature is that food with liquid does not leak from the bottom . I would NOT recommend this product even though it is reasonably priced .
 it may work for soft over cooked items , for which one could use a potatoe masher . for more fiberous veggies , for which one would actually need a mill , it 's a useless plastic failure .
 This product was advertised as having a metal grater . However , when I received the product , I found that the grater was actually made of plastic , which made grinding very difficult and even more trouble than it was worth . At times , I felt as though I was using my entire body weight to grind simple foods , such as rice and noodles - even after blending them in my food processor first ! In the end , I sent it back . I would highly recommend all interested to avoid this product entirely !
 When I received the mill it was much smaller than expected and what the picture depicted . I used this twice and am turned off by how dull the blade is . It does not grind up even the softest of foods . This product will be put in a box , in the back of the storage closet until i can find another use for it . Please just invest in a food processor and skip the cheap route .
 Quality of material was as expected for the price but unfortunately the grinder mechanism does not come flush with the platform hence the food does not get grinded .
 I do not like how the product leaves about a 1/2 '' of food in container ! I will never buy a KidCo Food Mill again !
 If you do n't have an immersion blender , or food processor , I guess it 's okay . But it 's almost easier to just mash food with a fork . Or chew it yourself . It wastes a lot of food in the space between the plunger and the grinder . Also , the grinding bit is NOT SHARP so even with a lot of force applied , you are n't going to be able to grind anything harder than a baked potato . It is a frustrating tool , but it 's still a tool , better than nothing .
 I bought one of these 3 yrs ago when my first son was small . This one had a stainless steel blade and strainer . It worked great ! Easy to use , disassemble , wash . Then , I lost it and had to get another . The current plastic strainer is VERY difficult to take off of the base , it does n't grind food well unless it 's very soft and it 's hard to clean . Overall , the product has gone way downhill as far as quality and ease of use . If the stainless blade were to return , I 'd give it 5 stars .
 I broke two of these trying to strain peas & green beans . You really have to over cook/steam the vegetables for this to work well . My friend who has to puree her daughter 's food for the rest of her life recommended the bullet . I 've been using it & it 's the best so far . More expensive but i also use it for myself -LRB- chopping onion & smoothies -RRB- . It 's also about the same size of this food mill that 's hard to use . My son is 18 months now & I still make his apple sauce with the bullet that I 've had for about a year now .
 I was excited to start making my own baby food . Unfortunately , this did not live up to my expectations . It was hard to take apart to wash -LRB- there seems to be no easy way to get the crank out or detach the rubber ring -RRB- . It 's not like I have a whole lot of spare time to waste . It was n't good for starting solids as it did not fully mash anything but bananas ... and really , a fork can do that . I am throwing this away and just using my blender .
 I bought two of these mills to prepare baby food for my daughter . I am very disappointed with them because they require too much strength in order to push and turn at the same time . Some food goes through with ease , but most foods do n't . I have found that I would rather use my blender . I am amazed that anyone can put pizza or meat through this thing ! I have only tried to put steamed fruits and vegetables through it and have had to work really hard at it . Cranking is easy , the pushing down is difficult .
 I got this because I remembered my mother having one . It does work , but it was a hastle to clean and did n't grind through things like the one I remembered . I was disappointed .
 This did not keep the lid closed enough . My son could still lift the front of the lid up 1.5 '' - enough to stick his hand in .
 We have a Kohler `` Rialto '' toilet , and the way the toilet is shaped , it was not possible to attach the Kidco toilet lock to it . American Standard has a similar model , with the same problem . Have not found an alternative ...
 Wow ... really hate this product . I own a Kohler deep , long -LRB- whatever it 's called -RRB- toilet . Not an uncommon toilet . I needed to buy new bolts for the lid to attach this item . As others have noted , the seat is now at an unsupported angle . Also , it seems like my toddler will hurt himself trying to get it open . The lid can still be opened a good 5 inches . I give it two stars , instead of one , because it may work better on smaller toilets than mine -- but I doubt it . This is the second type of toilet lock we have tried with no luck .
 Not what I was hoping it would be . It works , and the install is easy , but the cheap little set screw they us to lock the arm down striped out right away . Luckily the arm sits in the holder without any problems as of yet . We could always glue it in too.The other annoying thing is the push button to open the toilet . We 've seen one without the push button and it worked much better than this one . The lip can still be lifted up enough to drop things in which is bad if that is what you are trying to prevent.We might replace it .
 It installs between the toilet seat and the tank , so the toilet seat is at an angle and eventually breaks . I ca n't see how this would n't break all toilet seats , but maybe some are sturdier than others .
 The idea is brilliant , but the execution is flawed.The base bracket is thick , which causes the toilet seat to be not level with the toilet . Many people have broken seats because of this.Despite being thick , the base is not rigid enough . With the swing arm in place -LRB- on a now not-level seat which creates an automatic 1 cm gap -RRB- , a child can still lift the seat . -LRB- The seat acts like a lever upon the swing arm which end up torquing the base plate . -RRB- Then they can stick their hand or arm in.There is a single set screw that sets against the plastic arm in a way that is not secure . With enough force , the arm can be removed from the base completely . Although this may seem like a stretch , you have to remember that the toilet seat acts like a lever when pressing against the swing arm , and the child 's lifting force is amplified.Worse , the arm can lift off the base even without slipping from the set screw because it is held down only by the internal spring . When this happens , the lid can snap back into place when you release it.With this design , worst case , a child could raise the lid just far enough to get his head inside and then the lid could snap down on his back clamping him inside.My nine month old baby is able to lift the lid enough to get his hands inside the toilet.I worry this `` safety device '' is more of an un-safety device and strongly recommend you look elsewhere .
 We thought this was a neat idea at the store , but were really disappointed after we installed it . The major problem for us was that it really does not hold the seat down with any strength . With the lever tightened down and touching the toilet seat lid , the lid is too easilly lifted against the mechanism . We placed the lock on the toilet and then tried lifting the front of the seat , as a child might . The plastic components at the back of the mechanism bend and twist and allow a gap large enough for a child to be able to place their head through . This kind of defeats the purpose of having a lock . Needless to say we pulled it off right away and have ordered a different kind.Additionally - like others have said , it raises the back of the seat so that it does not sit properly once installed .
 I really like our KidCo gates , so I was expecting the same quality from their other child safety equipment . Boy , was I wrong ! This lock is difficult to install , it props the back of the toilet seat up and tilts it forward , and , worst of all , the seat and cover can still be lifted up several inches when the lock is in place . I honestly think my 1-year old would break this lock in a few minutes . It certainly would not stop him from slamming the seat on his fingers or putting toys in the toilet .
 After installing this toilet lock as directed , I found that the lid could still be opened wide enough for a young child to put in their head and upper-body . Thus , this ` safety device ' could then possibly trap the child by making it difficult to pull themselves back out . I 've tried several other toilet locks and have finally realized that they are a waste of time and I will simply rely on tight supervision rather than gimmicks/gadgets that could possibly do more harm than good .
 I returned this ASAP ! It was AWFUL ! It comes with a thick bar that you have to place the toilet seat ON TOP of ! This elevates the toilet seat in the back and the only thing the seat is hanging on by is the flimsy plastic hinges of the seat !! I figured out quickly that if you sit down on the seat a few times , it will break off the hinges of your toilet seat and you 'll have to buy a new seat ! Whoever thought up this STUPID design did not think it through ! From other reviews , I see people have already broken some seats . Sent this back and boughtMommy 's Helper Toilet Seat Lid-Lokand I like it a lot better than this one!Note
 We have sliding closet doors that are on broad rails , i.e. , there is enough space between the doors to allow a finger to go in and grab the edge of the door.This lock does not work in that case . The doors just slide over the lock , and it does not engage . This lock requires the doors to be really close to each other , and I do n't see that as practical.I ended up buying a pair of $ 1.99 sliding window locks -LRB- the ones that screw into the rail with a thumb screw and block the path of the door -RRB- from OSH and blocking the doors . It 's a little more effort to open and close , but all in the name of kid safety .
 As stated in other reviews , the idea is great , but they do n't account for a large percentage of us with a wider gap between the doors . We have the mirrored closet doors . The wings are n't long enough to work on these . Please list the length so that people do not buy these unknowingly and end up having to pay return shipping on a $ 3 product ! If you really want this idea to work though , consider lengthening the wings so that the rest of us can use this product successfully .
 I am not too thrilled with this . The first one my husband put on , but it did n't stick right or something . I made the kids leave the doors alone for a day , and then the next day I tested it . With the slightest pressure , it popped off , and took the paint off my door with it . The second one has stayed in place so far , but I have n't dared test it , and I do n't know if my kids have either . It may be working , but it just might be it has n't been touched .
 These sliding door locks are great in theory , but terrible in practice . The adhesive they come with is n't nearly strong enough to keep them on when a child is trying to open the door - They just pop right off . When this happened , I tried to use hot glue gun to make them stay , but the same thing happened . Glue ca n't hold these door locks on when they 're being pushed on from the side like that.I ended up throwing away the door locks and just sticking a screwdrivier in the door to stop it . It 's working like a charm . Save your money . Do n't buy these .
 This is the first product review I have written , but I really felt I needed to let people know about this product . DO NOT buy this product unless you intend to modify it and screw it in the wall . My attempts at installing it normally failed when it fell off with the slightest nudge . I really needed it to work , so I drilled a hole in it and installed it to the wall with a screw . With that modification , the product works well and is very sturdy .
 This gadget worked great for a couple of days . But someone pushed a little too hard and it popped off . I had cleaned the area before applying the adhesive , so I thought it would last longer than it did . I put on a second one and it did the same thing . It also took off some of the paint from my sliding door . It is a wonderful concept , and I 'm actually thinking of putting a different adhesive on the back of it and trying again , because I loved it while it was working .
 My three year old son was able to forcibly knock this sliding door locking device off the day after I installed it . Granted , the sliding door was wood with somewhat porous grains , but the adhesive did not seem to work well at all .
 When we first applied the lock to our pantry doors we were thrilled ! No more having to worry about every can of soup being taken out of the closet ! They worked great for a while -LRB- 4 weeks or so -RRB- then it just did n't keep the door shut anymore . I do n't know if the door moved slightly or if the lock flattened out , but it was just a useless piece of plastic stuck to the door . When we removed the lock it of course took paint with it , which was annoying , but expected .
 im still trying to figure out how to use this product ... im keeping it because im sure someday someone will know what to do
 Not much protection . You get what you pay for . Not secure for kids over 3 .
 This did not do a thing and we followed directions step by step . My 29 month old son had it open in no time and it popped the adhesive off while taking the paint off the door with it ! Now I have to have the door sanded and painted which is costing way more than the locks . I took them back to the store that I purchased them at , but I still have to pay to have the doors to be repaired . Now that leaves me wondering if all of the Kidco items I have installed with adhesives will cost me a fortune in future door repairs . Anyone else had this problem ?
 This lock does not work at all.My 22 month old daughter still got into the closet.She pulls the door out and slides it open.I think the wings on the lock should come out a few more inches so she would n't be able to pull it out and slide it open.I would n't purchase it or waste my money .
 Terrible , Terrible , Terrible.The first one broke within 5 uses ; the second one lasted about 15 uses.There have got to be better ones out there .
 My two year old simply slid open his closet like normal and both `` wings '' snapped right off , allowing him access . Waste of $ .
 After a month or so of use , the daily use caused the plastic to snap and the lock had to be thrown out . This happened to several of them .
 I bought four sets for four different sliding doors -LRB- both wood and glass -RRB- . These did not last one week on any of them . I have twin 22 month old boys who ploughed through these as if they were not even there . Not only does the double-sided tape NOT hold , but the wings break off after just a short while of regular use.Bottom line
 We have two sliding glass doors that our 3 year old can open easily . I thought this was the perfect solution . However , the `` lock '' popped off the first time he tried to open it ! I followed the directions exactly for installation - but the adhesive was not strong enough . I thought about using super glue but I do n't want to ruin the door forever . Do n't waste your money ----- Now searching for another lock !!
 It is like unnecessary stuff on my door as it does not work at all . The door simply glides over it . It does not hinder the door being opened .
 The concept would be great if the lock actually stuck to the door . I cleaned the door as directed and it popped off the closet the first time the other door slid into it . I reapplied with the second piece of adhesive in the package and it had popped off again within hours . There is no way this will hold up to a determined toddler . It will be returned -LRB- especially since I paid $ 8 for two flimsy pieces of plastic and weak adhesive that I 'm sure only cost pennies to make -RRB- .
 I purchased this set for our entertainment room , which has sliding doors on the closet that houses our electronics . I placed it higher and it popped off the first time my kid tried to open the doors . I placed it more towards the middle , like some other reviewers , and it popped off again . My husband installed TWO of them , one higher and one lower , and the things just popped right off.I tried some better adhesive , but then the locks stayed on the door , and instead the little `` wings '' just folded right under the -LRB- front -RRB- door.I guess for now we are just going to have to keep redirecting until I find a better lock .
 I was looking for something to keep the children out of the closets in their rooms for now , but my 7 month old pushed on the door once and this lock popped right off . It also took a bit of the paint with it . I would not waste your money on these .
 my three year old son can open the sliding door by pulling on the door until this door lock snaps off the door.Going with a bar style lock.Save your money .
 This product needs longer tabs so they fit closets with a deeper space between the doors.I agree with most reviewers who stated the item pops off the door . I finally had my husband put 2 screws through the plastic and through the door . Not sure if it will hold as the door is thin.They need to find a much better mounting system.I bought this product to keep an Alzheimer 's Patient out of the closet .
 I could n't wait to install these to keep our toddler from getting in to mischief . However , two good pulls on the door and the plastic piece came flying off and the baby now had free access and a choking hazard . It definately was not strong enough to handle a child that knew how to open the door . Not what I had hoped for .
 I bought this product to keep my cats out of the closets . She had it open in under 3 minutes . This is a 10 lb cat . What if it had been a toddler ? Do n't risk the safety of your children . It is a good idea , but poorly made .
 I have been searching for a way to keep my 3-year-old out of her closet , and so I was thrilled when I found this product . However , it wo n't stay on the door . First I tried the original sticker-thing that came with it . No luck . Then I tried gorilla glue . Both the `` lock '' and the paint came off the closet door . My husband says he will try drilling a hole in it and attaching it to the door with a screw.IF you can get it to stay on the door , it works great . However , good luck getting it to stay !
 this product IS cheap , but it works for now . really , we have no other options that i can find , so i am stuck with this - until it breaks . one thing i really suggest doing is measuring the distance between doors . i did n't think there was much of a gap between the doors , but there is . i had to very carefully bend the flaps up a little more so it would catch on the door . once my kids see that if i pull out on the door a little to open it , this will be useless . i am just counting the days until that happens or it breaks . though , i would buy this again because I HAVE NO OTHER OPTIONS ! lol !
 My doors have a frame around them so the `` wings '' do n't stand out far enough to do any good ... at all . As they are glass doors , I was n't concerned about adhesives . If you have wood , I think the adhesive would ruin the finish .
 This product is completely worthless . We have doors exactly like the ones shown in the picture , with the fake laminate wood , and the adhesive does not stick at all . As soon as you push down on the butterfly wings to open your door , it bows in the center of the lock , which lifts the adhesive portion off the door , and then it just pops right off . And once it pops off , it 'll never stick again .
 These were great in theory , but did not work for me . Of the two that came in the pack , one would not stick to the door , and the other stuck but popped off after about 4 uses . The one that popped off took a fair amount of paint and wood off the door as well . My child was unable to open the door while it was installed , but the locks would not stay on with normal use . Seller was quick to ship , and price was great . I will keep looking for a better solution for the kids closet .
 I should have believed all the other reviews . Broke off the first time Grandma tried to open the closet and didnt ' realize we had a lock on it . If Grandma can break it off , pretty sure it would n't have been long before the 3 year old could have done it . Do n't waste your money .
 Do not buy these ! After proper installation and a very light test , the thing popped off the door and RUINED the paint job . Now I have to re-paint the door AND find another solution .
 This product does NOT work . It 's very flimsy - my son was able to open the closet door after we put it on because it bends easily . We ended up taking it off right away !!
 I have a 3 and 4 year old and this device did little to deter or prevent them from raiding the fridge while their mom and I were asleep . A couple of good , hard yanks by your child and this device fails . This might me a good product for infants and toddlers , but if your child is over 2 years old , try something else like the Lock Release Fridge Latch by Safety 1st -LRB- but be aware that even though these are by far superior , you 'll still have to place about 3 of these Safety 1st latches on your fridge door to keep the little ones from defeating them . That 's what worked for us anyway . I 'll be so glad when they grow out of this fridge fascination . -RRB-
 I have a side-by-side fridge , so I put this on the top . While lined up correctly , the pieces totally miss each other - the `` catch '' is too high to actually stop the bottom piece .
 The instructions for installing this device are terrible . The way it is supposed to `` lock '' is simply by creating frictional pressure that is orthogonal to the direcitoning of opening the fridge . After I installed it , i found that the level arm bent easily , yielding no `` lock '' whatsoever . Also , note that if you fridge door is not flush with the body of the fridge , then the lever and catch wo n't line up properly . Do not buy this product !
 Product pictured by seller and described is black in color . Specifically ordered this item as it was black in color to be affixed to black refridgerator . When item was received , it was white , not as pictured and described . Immediately returned .
 This thing seems to be working fairly well -LRB- through 2 weeks -RRB- . However , I was surprised how rudimentary the thing works . It takes very careful mounting in order to function . I am surprised that I did n't have to redo mine after I mounted it the first time .
 It took my 2 1/2 year old son appproximately 5 minutes to rip this thing off my refridgerator . The idea is simple and seems like it should work . However , the type of glue that is used does not stand up to a child with any determination .
 First of all , I do not want to be sent the one that is open packege -LRB- must be a return item , because it does not work ! -RRB- When I recieved the product , the parts were outside the package and floating inside the envelope . The second of all , it does not work at all . My 1 year old son can easily open the door . What a waist of my money .
 The picture of this made me feel like i was receiving a combo and that is not the case I only received one pacifier and it did n't even look like the ones in the picture .
 I would n't buy these again . One was brand new in package but faded completely and shrunk after the first wash -LRB- using regular HE washing detergent in normal dryer temp -RRB- ... second was repackaged and what I would consider damaged/defective , flaw in the fabric making one side seem a different color than the other -LRB- obviously a defective customer return Amazon did not catch -RRB- , faded and shrunk the same as the first . Basically , crap .
 Poor quality ! I was almost fineshed putting the sheet on my son 's crib when I notice there ware a stain in the sheet.contact amazon and I 'm returning it right away .
 -LRB- Teal -RRB- I stacked this item with diapers for the first time and the tie broke from the weight . Very cheaply made and would not recommend to anyone . Pay a little more and get a little more . However , Amazon was extremely awesome when I wanted to return and credited me right away .
 Trend lab does not make a diaper stacker as pictured here . What you get is the large one with the string ties . When I called about a return , Trend Lab they said this picture is a wearable blanket , not the diaper stacker they make . They said they do n't even make one with a hanger , only ties .
 This works fine but can not be washed due to the bottom made of cardboard . Also if you put too many diapers , it does not close well .
 I was sucked in by all the good reviews about this product , but once I received it , I was so disappointed . I ca n't believe I spent $ 25 on a square piece of flannel ! It would be far cheaper to pick out some pretty flannel from a cloth store and have the edges hemmed by a tailor or dry cleaners , for those of us who ca n't sew . The little `` how to swaddle '' diagram on the blanket is helpful for my husband , but does n't justify the price .
 My daughter has had trouble with her `` tummy time '' since day one . She always cries whenever I try to put her on her tummy . I thought that if I could make it fun for her , that she might begin to enjoy herself . I received this product , and from her first try until her 10th try she absolutely hated it . She kept reaching down and grabbing at the mat , this prevented her from using her hands to push herself around in a circle . I think that laying on that swivel hurt her stomach , too . I gave it away just a couple weeks after receiving it . It did n't work for my daughter , but it might work for someone else 's .
 my kid hated tummy time so i got this . he hates this even more . my friends ' kid , who likes tummy time hates it also .
 The mat is too small and is not rigid enough . Unless your baby is on the small side for the recommended age range of the product , they will soon outgrow the mat . Also , the mat is soft and does n't stay put when in use causing for constant adjustments during play .
 After great experiences with smaller Lamaze toys for my infant -LRB- especially the sensory cube -RRB- and after a remark by the pediatrician that my infant was a bit behind with rolling over and such due to GERD issues that limited time on her tummy or flat on her back , I bought this item . While it 's attractive , it did nothing more than what and ordinary Boppy or even a blanket on the floor would have done for her . In fact , concentrating pressure on her torso shifted her reflux into overdrive.What a waste of money for us . However , the mat will make a nice wall decoration in the nursery .
 I bought the Lamaze Spin & Explore for my daughtet , when it got to my home I opened it and set it up which was really easy . When it was all put together it did n't look like something I wanted to put my daughter on . I was afraid it was going to tip over . It did n't look like it would suppport her . If she was n't on it just right it looked like it would tip over . I returned it .
 The ` idea ' of this product seems perfect - baby is cradled by a `` saddle '' on a turntable that allows him to develop the neck and back strength he needs to crawl . Sounds great on paper , but in practice this thing was like a torture device for my little one . It seems to me that there is a very small window of time when the saddle would be useful and safe for baby . It 's that time after he has the considerable neck and back strength to maintain the position - arms extended straight down and locked , head lifted high and steady , and legs extended straight back - but before he is able to crawl . If your baby can do what the baby in the picture for this product can do , he will literally be crawling within a couple of weeks , if he is n't already , and he will spend most of his time trying to wriggle off of the thing . But what if your baby has n't reached that point yet and still needs to put his head down every few seconds ? It flops over the front of the saddle , straining baby 's neck and back . When I figured that out , I immediately packed this back up and took it back to the store . The playmat can be used without the saddle , but I was unimpressed with that as well . The felt-like material attracted every little piece of dust and pet hair in our home like a magnet . I 'm not sure what this accomplishes that a simple tummy-time pillow under baby 's chest would not - and the pillow is a lot safer , less expensive and more comfortable for baby .
 My daughter hated tummy time , she would struggle to prop up so she could see things , so I thought she might like this little gym . The mat is way too small , when she was on the spinner in the middle her head extended almost all the way out past the edge . There is also no way to strap a baby in , so you end up with a young infant dangling in the air off a piece of plastic . When she got tired she still flopped her head to the floor , only now her neck is resting on a plastic edge . The cover for the spinner is also just a piece of cloth , not much padding to it.Overall , good idea but bad in practice . If your baby is old enough to be safe/comfortable playing on it , then they are old enough not to need it.Very uncomfortable , and my daughter hated it .
 My son hated this . He cried most times I put him on it . It is great quality and the mat has great sensory items , but the ladybug was anoying and not fun for my son .
 The usefulness of this product really depends on the baby . My daughter HATED tummy time and this product made no difference . I would n't pay full price for this again without trying it out first . It 's a great concept , but does n't hold up in reality . And it would only be useful for a month or two . Maybe the mat would be fun later without the lady bug in the middle ...
 I loved the idea when i saw it . Bought it for Christmas last year and my son used it about 5 times it was awkward for him being in that position for more than a minute . so maybe your child will love it but mine didnt .
 We had hoped this would make tummy time a happy time , instead it seemed to make her so mad and uncomfortable , I just put it back in the box after 3 tries even adding padding for her stomach . I do not recommend this for any baby , not if they have the same reaction like my granddaughter .
 This item seems like a great idea only my son has almost reached the weight limit of 22 lbs . at only 5 months old . This is about the time a baby would only start to enjoy such a toy . And the flower part is not big enough all the way around for him to be able to see everything on it . You also have to make sure you do n't feed the baby right before putting them on this because they will spit up as it pushes on their tummies too much .
 My son was/is not interested in this product . He may tolerate it for a minute or 2 , but that 's not worth $ 40 to me . I was really excited about this , in hopes that he would enjoy his tummy time more , but that just was not the case .
 I bought this playmat for my 8 week old and she hated it . Everytime I put her on it , she would get uncomfortable and cry . I guess it would work better with babies who have already developed enough neck support .
 The first thing you 'd think of when making something like this for infants/toddlers would be safety , right ? Guess not.We laid this thing on a flat hardwood floor and our son could n't get traction since the cloth slipped all over the floor . So we moved the thing onto a carpet . One of the first red flags that popped into my head when seeing this thing was that you just lay the spinner on top of the cloth ; there 's no anchor system for the apparatus like in other explore mat-systems where the hard plastic is anchored under the cloth.Well , the red flag was unfortunately justified . On a flat surface , our 4 month-old son still had the misfortune to tilt his body in a way that lifted the spinner up and it then came down on his fingers . Now , I want you to imagine the entirety of your body weight coming down with hard plastic edges on your fingers . Does n't sound very forgiving pain-wise , does it ? We did n't even know what was going on as we 'd never heard him cry or scream like that before.Now we 're sitting here with a screaming kid and wondering if we should take him to the doc since he goes back to screaming a minute after waking up.Sad thing is that I think he 'd really be into this thing but if you ca n't bother to engineer a product that 's marketed towards developing infants but does n't prevent something like this happening to an infant , then you get 1 star from me . Yeah , it was also bad luck , but that 's what preventative engineering is for .
 I bought this for my daughter and she never liked it . She hated the base that you rest on . She did like the mat with all the various sounds . I would n't suggest this for anyone .
 I liked the piece of equipment , but the baby was a bit too old for it - 5 mos . I 'm not sure a baby younger than that would do much with the product . Suggest they make it a bit larger , so larger babies can use . Good to develop upper body strength .
 Do not even waste your money ! You 're better off bringing it in a large garbage bag ! As we were putting the car seat in , the bag tore ! They have large clear plastic bags for car seats at the airport when you check-in for free . Just use those !
 Initially this product did what I 'd hoped , keep my 3 year old out of the refrigerator -LRB- my 5 year old figured it out the first day , but I was n't really worried about him -RRB- . However , about 1 week later , he figured out all he had to do was pull the strap out and it would detach from the lock . It 's not very difficult . Any toddler that can reach the latch can rip it right out of the lock portion . I put it as high as I could on my refrigerator -LRB- I have a regular top bottom fridge -RRB- but it was still within reach of my children . The adhesive did work very well , I just wish it was n't so easy to just rip the latch out of the lock . I 've given up on the refrigerator locks made to keep toddlers out , I 'll just have to purchase an adhesive bracket and padlock the fridge or my 3 year old will eat us out of house and home ! : -RRB-
 This is probably an excellent product for many different uses , but I bought it for my corner lazy susan cabinet ... yes ... just like the photograph . Only problem is that as you rotate one panel into the cabinet , the other one is swinging around towards your lock which still protrudes . It 's too stiff to allow the other panel to pass , thus I can only open my lazy susan 90 degrees ! I 'll be looking for another product now and mourning the loss of my $ 7 or so .
 My 9 month old son was able to rip this off the cupboard not very good . The adhesive is not reliable . And it 's advertised for a spinning lazy susan cupboard but was not practical when trying to open or close it .
 We used this on the door to a lazy susan , and after 4 months the strap-side of the contraption fell off.I 'm getting some `` 3M command poster strips '' to try and glue it back on . We 'll see how that goes .
 I tried using two of these to keep my 11 month old out of two cabinet drawers that are part of a fish tank stand . The drawers are at floor level . I installed the straps and they seemed to work well ; the strap catches and prevents the cabinet door from opening . However , my toddler was no longer interested in opening the cabinet . He was very interested in the new strap and proceeded to pull on it . In less than a minute he pulled the strap out of the catch . I was quite surprised . The only way this would ever keep a toddler out of something is if they ca n't physically reach it , i.e they ca n't pull on the strap . I was very disappointed . This was a complete waste of money .
 We installed this on our lazy susan cabinet just like the product picture shows . However , if you push the side the lock is on it just pops right open . I 'm almost positive I installed it correctly . I think the problem is with the strap part of the lock - it is very stiff , and gets hit with the door every time you open the cabinet , and ends up getting bent . Once it 's bent , there 's no way to get the lock to align correctly . I guess I 'll be trying something else .
 We purchased this strap for our Lazy Susan and it comes with tape on the back to adhere the strap to the cupboard but the tape is a joke . I simply pushed on the cupboard after taping the strap onto it and it just pulled right off . So this would in turn be way more dangerous for a baby because if the cupboard held their weight slightly they would try to push up on the cupboard and then when the tape comes loose they would crash inside of the lazy susan and if you can picture that happenning you can imagine how fun that would be !! I 've had the worst time finding a safety lock for my lazy susan and I was really hoping that this one would work after reading some of the reviews but no such luck .
 I should have read the reviews ! Not only does the product details claim this lock works on lazy susans , the picture they use is showing it on a lazy susan ! Well , I just put the lock on and I can only rotate my lazy susan a quarter of the way . I will also be mourning the loss of my $ 7 and be seaching for another lock .
 I was very dissapointed with this product . Following the directions I let the adhesive adhere for 24 hours before use , however each one became unstuck when I tried them out . I would advise people not to use these for drawers . They simply do not stick . However the one used for cabinet drawers has remained adhered and is doing its job . Therefore I suggest to use this product for cabinets only . I 've had much more success usingAdjustable Multi-Purpose Strapwhich can be used for drawers , cabinets , and where ever else you need to keep your child out of .
 I bought this for my 2 year old who is on the small side . She was too big for it and did n't find it comfortable at all to sleep in . Would be fine for outdoor use at the beach but not appropriate as a bed .
 I was amazed at how this cot did NOT last ... my grandchild is 3 years old , small , lightweight , and this cot did not last 2 weeks . The metal holder at one end broke before we had used it 3 times ! She was sleeping on it , when the end with her head hit the floor . I am trying to figure out who to talk with and what to do about it . At this point , I would not recommend purchase of this item .
 I would not purchase this again . It is cute and sturdy , however , there is a nylon strap down the middle going across the short way . The strap raised the middle up leaving two `` pockets '' on each end that make it impossible to lay flat without being raised up at the waist . I placed a very thick dog mattress that I purchased to use in a porta-crib on top , and it did little to alleviate the unevenness . My daughter will curl up on one end or the other . Do n't waste your money . I am sure there is a better alternative .
 I bought this item last year , and it has only been used 3 or 4 times by an average 2-year old toddler . One of the legs became detached when the metal fastener broke off . This defect renders the bed unusable , and a safety hazard.Their customer service rep wisely recommended that we discontinue use , after informing me that it can not be repaired and only has a 90-day warranty . Up until the breakage , I was pleased with the product.To be fair , their customer service rep did respond quickly to each of my email inquiries . However , the manufacturer apparently does not back up this product by providing replacement parts or services for defective merchandise.If you decide to purchase this , be aware of the 90-day warranty policy . You will be out of luck if something breaks after that time period .
 Wish I had read the reviews BEFORE I purchased this product . As many others have stated , the strap that goes right across the middle of this cot is a definite deal breaker . It is very taut and the two sections sag significantly lower than this strap , ultimately creating two seperate sections ... not very comfortable for lying down/sleeping on ! I guess it would be ok as a seat for 1-2 small children , but that is not how it is marketed.I saw some reviews that said they padded the two sections , but that totally negates the portability . I have returned this product and would not recommend it .
 We bought the My Cot Portable Bed but find the middle of the cot is uncomfortable because of the tight support band . Our 3 year old grandson does n't like - and neither do we - his lower back sticking up higher than the rest of his body . The only way we can think of to fix it is to add a foam layer for both sections past the middle of the cot , which we have n't done yet . We prefer not to return the cot because we like the price , size , and weight . Does anyone have any other ideas on how to make the center of the cot level without compromising support ? Thanks .
 It has such potential . It 's light weight . It folds up beautifully . Nice carry bag.We 've had it for over a year , and I am just so disappointed . There 's a bar in the middle that is horribly uncomfortable for my son . He 's four now , but was a 25 lb three year old when we got it . So long as he was short enough to sleep with his trunk on the upper half of the mattress , it was okay , but now that he 's long enough to need to stretch out , it 's a total waste . It sucks . For a one or two year old , it 's still probably okay . For four and up , no way .
 I purchased 2 regalo cots for my 3 year old twin grandchildren - the first one broke about a month after I bought it ; the second one just broke -LRB- about 6 months after -RRB- . After the first one broke I contacted the company because before I bought it people who had reviewed the cots said the corner brackets break but they had good luck in getting new ones from the company . Well , I did n't . They wanted my item numbers and sales slip and all sorts of info that I did n't have so now I have 2 cots that I need to throw out because it was so hard to get the replacement parts . The cots are great when not broken but what good are they if they break and ca n't be repaired ?
 The concept of this portable , fold up and very convenient toddler cot/bed is brilliant that is short lived when you realize while prepping it for your child , the way it 's constructed when it 's spread out ? the very middle of this bed is raised up so your child ca n't lay-sleep comfortably flat ?! my child has to curl up of simply lay uncomfortable ! this product is not made to lay down & sleep rather for a sitting down either on the left or right !
 This is one of a few reviews I have written of a product although I frequently read reviews before purchasing a product . This cot was immediately a disappointment . My daughter sleeps on a cot at daycare so I decided this would be a great buy for something to take to grandma 's house and on vacation . When I got it out she climbed up on it to lay down and quickly readjusted herself so that she was not laying on the middle support piece of the cot which left her legs hanging off of the end . I can not believe whoever designed this thing actually thought a child would be able to sleep comfortable with a hard piece of fabric shoving up the middle of their back ! I placed blankets between the sheet and the cot which helped minimally and will follow another reviewer 's advice and purchase some foam to try to make this thing workable . The problem is that I should n't have to manufacture something to make this functional and it ceases to be convenient to take on a trip if I have to also cart around foam pads and blankets to make it work ! Ridiculous !
 I ordered two of these cots for twin 4-year-old grandsons to use when staying at my home . I expected the cots to be fairly sturdy , perhaps along the line of a porta-crib . Instead , the frame does n't lock in place and looks like it would bend fairly easily . The twins tried them out -- after being cautioned not to jump on them ; the cots did n't look like they would holdup with a little boy rolling around on them . I returned the cots to Target .
 It is really small and not as what I am expected . I want to return it and do n't have time to figure out how to return it .
 The cot is falling apart at the joints where it folds up . We have only had it for about 2 weeks . My little guy is only 3 yrs old and is average weight . There is a bar that goes right down the center width were his back would rest so we gave up on sleeping in it and only use it to sit in while he watches TV . Very little use and still falls apart .
 The fabric strap thru the middle elevates the middle right where your child 's back is dropping the sides around it . He does n't mind sitting on either side , but ca n't lay on it . He 's two , so it 's not his weight .
 While we really liked this product for it 's easy fold up and light weight , the strap that supports the middle is too tight and makes lying down on it uncomfortable . We will be replacing it . Mostly it 's best for sitting on , side by side with someone .
 We purchased this bed for our 2 year daughter because we do travel several times a year and she no longer will sleep in her pack-n-play . The bed set-up quickly , however there is a thick band in the center similiar to the support bar on pull-out couch bed . My daugher was very uncomfortable and said that it hurt her belly and back . She ended up sleeping with us . It is a good concept by the design for comfort is lacking .
 The cot is great in size , but not very sturdy . The construction of the cot is not very strong to support the weight limit referenced in its description .
 I was very disappointed with the bed . We ordered the bed for a vacation and unfortunately did not open the package until we arrived at our destination . The bed was broken so we had no bed the first night for my son to sleep in . Not sure if the bed was damaged in shipping or if it was manufactured incorrectly either way we were disappointed .
 The cot serves its function -LRB- allowing my 4-yr-old daughter a place to bunk out in mom and dad 's room if she gets scared -RRB- , but it is not comfortable . She 's a tiny little thing -LRB- so it 's not a weight/size issue -RRB- and she told me after about 20 minutes in it on the first night that her hips hurt her . There 's a strap that goes through the center that allows both ends to slightly sag while keeping the center tight . We put two bed pillows on top of the cot to smooth it out for her and it has been working out ok . Disappointed though ...
 There is a strap kind of thing right in the middle of the cot that is higher than either end . It 's very uncomfortable for my toddler . We returned it .
 This cot has a raised , 3-inch-wide support band that runs across the center width of the cot , right where the child 's waist goes . Then the material drops lower above and below that band , so the child 's upper body and lower body are literally 3 inches lower than the waist . It was so uncomfortable for our daughter that we bought an inflatable bed for her future travels after our first and only trip with the cot .
 While my daughter sometimes likes to play with this by climbing all over it , the bar in the bed makes it way too uncomfortable to really use to sleep on . There is no way she would sleep on this . We are now going to but an inflatable air mattress for her . I wish we had returned this .
 I bought this with the intent to have something for my son to sleep on when we go out of town . Something that would pack easily and not take up tons of room on the floor . While the cot is small and definitely not cumbersome , it 's not a good enough quality for my son to sleep on all night . The middle sagged and did n't offer the kind of support that would be comfortable all night . My son is average sized and had to roll off the cot . I just did n't like it , and have since returned the cot and bought an air mattress .
 I understand you get what you pay for , but this is ridiculous . I ordered this item for my daughter for our upcoming camping trip , and twice , it was broken when I received it . I am very unhappy with this item as it was not padded , as it looked , as well as it 's broken middle edges that are clearly not supposed to be that way . I will not be ordering from Regalo again .
 The cot is a great size for a toddler except it has a cross-strap dead center of the cot and the strap is higher than the rest of the cot . My granddaughter could not even sleep on it . She would have had her back up in the air higher than her legs and head .
 These cots have a strap sewn into the middle that does n't stretch enough to make the cot perfectly flat to lay on . Maybe if someone was heavy enough it would stretch , but my son is as tall as the cot is and he did n't weigh enough to sleep flat . We ended up using a blow up bed for sleep and will be returning them . The picture of the 2 kids sitting at the beach is probably more what is intended for this product . Sitting , not really sleeping .
 This cot is flimsy and does n't hold a small 2 year old . It came apart within the first handful of uses . We were able to finagle it back together with the help of some plastic ties but it still did n't get used much . It was at grandmas house or sleepovers and could n't hold up to the challenge . Not worth your money , skip it !
 there is a strap in the middle of the cot which makes it uneven to sleep on , also causes a bad alignment to the back . Extremely disappointed , and it was not mentioned in the product description .
 We took this cot on vacation with us , and my 2 year old slept on it fitfully each night for a week . I do n't think he was comfortable - I know I would n't be with a big strap/lump running right through the middle of the cot . He did n't sleep , so nobody slept . It made for a very difficult vacation . I may use it for sitting on the sidelines at games , like the pictures suggest , but we wo n't be using it for sleep again .
 A friend of mine ordered this cot for her 3-year old and seeing how well it worked out for the little one , I decided to get a portable cot for my 1-year old , solely for sleepover purposes . Well , I never received my product , although I do not hold the company totally accountable as the error was due to the incompetence of UPS . However , I contacted this company twice ; the first time to get delivery information and the rep never called me back and the second time , the representative was just plain rude . I believe the product is good , but this seller should remind their representatives about the importance of good customer service .
 I was optimistic when I opened this cot , as we had borrowed another kid cot in the past . Unfortunately the support strap that ran perpindicular across the center of the cot makes it unusable . The cot sags on either side of the strap and it is just sitting there all stiff in the middle . I 'm returning it .
 Was so excited to find this because I needed a travel bed for a boy that had outgrown his pack-n-play . Unfortunately I had to return it because there is a very firm divider bar across the center of the cot . Makes it impossible to sleep on your stomach -LRB- like my son -RRB- and uncomfortable to sleep on your back . It divides the cot into two seat areas . Would be nice to take as a portable couch type seat for two kids .
 This cot is tighter in the middle than on either end ; it should have the same tautness from end to end .
 great size but it does n't lay totally flat like the picture . the middle of the cot sticks up and there is a hump in the middle of the cot . the legs do n't `` lock '' into place to keep the cot a flat . we have to put blankets on both sides to `` build '' up a flat surface then put a sheet over them for our grandson to lay on .
 This did n't even last a 2 weeks before one of the bars bent . My daughter said it was n't comfy and she did n't sleep well at all . We gave it the dogs , as least they are enjoying it .
 I picked this up today and it is already on it 's way back . Worse than the raised `` bar '' in the middle is the fact that the cross bars all the way around the darn thing are a serious finger pinching hazard . I can not believe the pain I experienced when MY finger got caught ... and it would have BROKEN a small child 's fingers for sure . I shuddered when my one year old crawled up on the cot & reached over the edge . I do not even want this thing in my house ... there is no way to guarantee it wo n't seriously hurt little ones ... it got me !
 I am not pleased with this at all it is very hard !! i thought it had more padding than this I will not recommend it to anyone !!!
 We were really excited to get this cot for our toddler , and we set it up as soon as we got it . Unfortunately , it has a strap right in the middle of the cot so that our toddler 's torso is up high while his head and feet are much lower . It looks very uncomfortable and I do n't expect our toddler to be able to sleep like that.Very poor engineering , who can sleep with a `` bar '' right in the middle of their body . We are returning it .
 I purchased this bed for my 2 1/2 year old son who weighs 38lbs and within 1 night the corner came apart . I was able to screw the screw back on but very displeased to see how quickly it came off .
 I had a similar cot by another company that I love for my 2 and 3 year olds , and wanted another one . This one is WAY smaller than it says . My 2 year old could not comfortably fit - and my 3 year old 's feet were hanging off the end . The child in the picture must be scrunched up into a tiny ball under that picture !
 I wish I had read the detailed reviews before purchase - I bought this as a travel bed for my nearly-18-month daughter . She adored it as a place to sit , but lying down on it was impossible because the strap that runs through the middle does n't yield at all -LRB- leaving her with something digging into and raising her middle -RRB- . We tried to open it out as much as possible , thinking extra tension on the rest of the cot would help , but it did n't . It would definitely require something like two pillows or a thick pad of some kind , which renders it useless to me because I would primarily be using it for the times when I travel alone with her and need to pack as lightly as I can manage . I am in the process of returning this .
 Bought this for the 2 yearold to sleep on when we went on vacation , Its handy that it folds up but the kid just slid around on it and fell off and there is no way this thing is comfy either .
 I got this for my 4 year old to sleep on when we traveled . I was excited and read all the reviews . But , I do n't know why everyone is so excited about it ! There may not be a bar in the middle , but there is still a band of fabric that goes across the middle which does not give with the rest of the bed ; so the head and the end of the bed are lower than the middle . Very uncomfortable to sleep on . Although , my children had fun climbing and sitting on it . No good as a bed , great beach couch ! I am returning it , and buying a blow up bed .
 I can not believe that this cot has not been taken off the market . As some of the other reviewers have mentioned , there is a strap that runs across the middle of the cot and essentially makes sleeping on it like sleeping on a bed with a couple of 2x4s running straight across your back . No parent who loved their child would make their child sleep in this most horribly uncomfortable item . I know , you 'll be tempted to ignore this based on the good reviews . Buy at your own peril .
 This cot is no good !!!! My poor child , said that she hated it . The cot has a bar in the middle and that is all she can feel . I even put extra padding in that area and it did nothing for it . I mean come on now who would make any type of bed with a big old bar going right across your back ! What a waste of money !!!!
 This cot has a support stiffness that is in the material running through the center like where the child 's waist would be . It sticks up higher than the top and bottom of the bed so it is very uncomfortable if the child is lying on their back . I 'm going to find another cot .
 Loved it till my son laid on it and the huge bar in the middle was very uncomfortable . None of the reviews I read before purchasing mentioned it . It 's a very nifty cot , but if my son ca n't sleep on it without back pain the next morning then what 's the point . I guess for only $ 29.99 I figured something had to be off since most cots started around $ 70.00 .
 I do not know how people are giving this good review . This thing can not be used as a bed at all . It has a one inch strip of enforcing cloth running across splitting the bed into two chairs . So if a kid , no matter how small he is , tries to sleep , he would be pushed up in the middle . This could be best used as two backless chairs at the most .
 We bought this cot for a short trip to the beach to use in place of a pack n ' play for our 2 yo . The manual showed two `` anchor '' pieces that were not included in the box ... The cot does not stay `` tight '' for sleeping , and there 's a bump on either side because of this . I was concerned that it would keep my son from sleeping soundly and comfortably . I emailed the company to ask for those parts that were missing . I was informed that the pieces are discontinued from the design for over a year now and should n't be needed for use . The manual obviously needs to be updated!Anyway , we will use this for very very occasional use since it is n't the sturdiest thing and is n't very comfortable for sleeping .
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT . Stay far , far away . Amazon should be ashamed for even offering such a useless item . Support bar is totally in the wrong place and would cause pain to all but the tiniest newborn , who should n't be there in the first place . Amazon made it EASY to return , I paid NO shipping return charges and my credit was promptly applied to my bill . THAT is the part that I 'd give 5 stars to .
 The fabric for this cot stretched not long after we got it and became uncomfortable for our child -LRB- now 3 -RRB- to sleep in . There is a frame that traverses the middle of the cot , effectively dividing the cot.We bought it over a year ago . For a while we worked around the stretching/sagging with a pillow over the frame in the middle , but that does n't work anymore.It 's only been used maybe 1-2 times a month , plus a 1 week vacation last year.We 're looking for a replacement .
 The center support strap caused discomfort . It did n't relax when you layed on it causing your mid section to be elevated while your hips and shoulders sank down . My son says it hurts his back .
 I was hoping it was more comfortable than it looked but there is a bar across the middle that makes it very uncomfortable . It does n't matter how portable it is if your child wo n't sleep on it and my 2 y/o wo n't .
 We read the reviews for this product and decided to give it a go . When we got it , our three-year-old daughter laid down on it and immediately did not like it ! Looking closer at the cot we realized there is a strap which runs from side to side right in the middle of the cot ... very uncomfortable ! Additionally there are two ` X ' criss-cross marks on both the upper and lower sections too.In short , this may be a useful cot for playing but for sleeping I 'd look elsewhere . We returned the item to Amazon and as usual the no hassle return policy is the reason we feel trying products is possible .
 We were able to fit this inside a carseat bag -LRB- WITH the carseat -RRB- when flying to the beach . It is very portable and not heavy . BUT , it 's horribly constructed . There is one strap that goes underneath the cot that serves as the brace in the middle to keep the pad up . All it does it create two holes on the top and bottom side , and cuts into the waist of your child . I tried evening it out by piling blankets on top , but it still does n't work . I would n't buy this again .
 I love the idea of these but they keep falling apart . I bought 6 total because my original 2 fell apart so often that I wanted to replace them but those fell apart too . My kids are no more than 30 lbs using them .
 Read carefully ... these are for TODDLERS and are smaller than I expected . I bought six for my grandchildren , who are ages 3-5 but I really believe they are too small for them .
 Bought this bed for a 3 year old to sleep on while she visits with her family . On the first night she could not sleep on it because it was so uncomfortable . She was more comfortable sleeping on a blanket laid out on the floor ! The bed has a support seam that runs from side to side half way down the bed that makes it uncomfortable and unusable .
 The cot is easy to use and stores very easily . The big problem is the main support strap is right in the middle and it sticks into my daughters back so she can not get comfortable . This makes the cot almost unusable . Just like the picture shown above , my daughter would curl up in a ball on one end of the cot . Once she gets just a little bigger , we 'll have to use something else to travel with .
 I had the perception that this cot had a soft type matress as the sleeping surface . It does not ! The center pulls up so it is extremely uncomfortable and wavy . I purchased for a day bed for children , and have to put layers of sleeping bags on top to make it suitable to take a nap on . Very disappointed . They really need to invent a small tramp just like this ... that seems to be the only thing the children want to do with it ... . as it is ...
 I bought three of these cots for my grandchildren . I intended to use them for the under 4 yr . olds . They did work , but please note that the weight of an average 3 yr . old causes the sling-type sleeping area to almost hit the ground . One of the leg frames broke , and for the most part the kids only found them comfortable when padded with a thick comforter . Also , sleeping on this for more then a few days was not as comfortable as one would want it to be . All in all not the best purchase .
 I bought this for my grand daughter for sleeping when she came to visit . I used it about 6 times and one of the end clips is now broken . She is only 3 and weighs about 40 pounds yet this piece of junk could n't hold up under normal use . I do n't know how you can show a picture of 2 kids sitting on it and claim it is suitable for a daycare use when it fell apart so easily .
 Its not comfortable to sleep on.Hurts my childrens back.The cot is to short to be called a toddlers bed .
 Do n't buy this product . The bracket/button in the corner broke just after a few uses by my two year old son . I called Regalo and spoke with their so called Customer Service Center and they said part is not replaceable . they recommended that I go out and buy a new one instead . So if you have a problem with the product do n't look to Regalo for assistance . They are not helpful and do n't stand by their own product .
 This cot seemed like the perfect solution for taking my 4 year old grandson on trips but he could n't sleep on it and ended up sleeping with me anyway . I should have heeded the other reviews .
 I bought this for my neice while she was staying at my house . I loved the thought it could be used for both her and my son later on , but once I got it , there was belt that ran right in the center of the bed . I had to use a few blankets and to pad it up so it would be comfortable to sleep on . After the second day , my neice was asking her cousin if she could sleep in bed with her . I ca n't tell if it was because it was uncomfortable or if she just wanted to be with her cousin . I will be returning it . I will keep on looking for a better cot for my house .
 This cot arrived after a lot of expectations . . The moment I unfolded it , the middle portion of the cot caught my attention . It had a bump in the middle and would definitely be very uncomfortable for a child to sleep in it . I tried to put a cushion on one end and made my son lay down on it as a trial , but still he was uncomfortable in the middle raised area . Not good !! Definitely not for sleeping !!! But it was great for my son to sit on it !! Im sure it would be great to use on the beach or park for kids to sit on it , but not for sleeping . I returned it !! My main objective of buying it was to use it as a travel cot which will never happen . . Dont give your child a backache by making him/her sleep in it . If the manufacturer would fix this problem , I will surely buy it again .
 It is lightweight and compact . However , there is one primary center support that runs the width . It is very taught and tighter than the areas at either end . As a result , it creates a bar that the child 's back wraps over leaving their head and butt in the saggy parts at either end . I am so surprised that parents rated this so highly . Would you really be comfortable in something that does not offer consistent support the entire length of the cot ? I saw one review where there used to be a bard in the same center location that was replaced ... but the replacement does n't address the bend in the cot part . I am returning it and made the decision within a few minutes of opening the product . Too bad as it would have been perfect as the better cots are 3x the cost . Guess it does n't pay to cut corners . I am going to try the Go-Kot .
 My father ordered this cot for my 16 month-old daughter after I put it on my wishlist . He assembled it while babysitting for my daughter and immediately realized after she climbed onto it for the first time that there is no locking mechanism that keeps the cot from collapsing in upon itself . He then called the manufacturer after noticing that the company is based in our state -LRB- Minnesota -RRB- and asked for assistance . The man with whom he spoke told my father that the cot has no locking device and was supposed to collapse to `` cradle the child . '' He stated that the braces shown in the photographs of the cot were `` wrong '' and did n't really exist . Really ? I guess these folks have never heard of SIDS . My father asked if he could visit the manufacturer site to have someone help make sure it was assembled correctly , and the man -LRB- who refused to give his name or transfer him to someone who could actually help and ultimately hung up on him -- TWICE -RRB- told my father that if he did n't like it we should return it to amazon . So we did . Unsafe product + horrible customer service = NO !
 I do n't write a lot of reviews actually I think this might be my first . I ordered to of these cots for my 3 year olds . I took the first out of the package and right away I noticed that the middle piece holding the fabric was broken -LRB- Held via a plastic piece and screw -RRB- I thought oh well I will just send it back because Amazon is amazing like that :-RRB- . Then I opened the second one and setup it up -LRB- Very easy -RRB- as he laid on it the middle piece broke -LRB- Same exact area on the first one I opened -RRB- he slammed his shoulder on the cross bar and was in pan for a few seconds . I sent these back - maybe they had a bad batch of them . The reviews were great . Sorry guys not a gambling man . I gave it a 2 because of ease of setup .
 When looking to buy this product I read several reviews and I saw that a few complained that theirs arrived broken . But I was in need of an inexpensive travel bed for my son so I took a chance and guess what IT ARRIVED BROKEN ! So for anyone else looking to buy this product , beware , you get what you pay for . Even if yours does not arrive broken it is cheaply made . It is a great concept poorly executed .
 I doubted the reviews that warned of the center strap . The reinforcement in the center of this cot cut dead center across my one year old 's back so that her head hung back . It looked so ridiculously uncomfortable there was no way she could sleep on it . Very disappointed .
 We bought this for our 3 year old when he outgrew the pack-n-play for trips . It 's a great concept , very easy to transport , folds very small , and he loves it . But , after sleeping on it twice , he complained -LRB- the 3rd time -RRB- that it hurts his back -LRB- he weighed 31 lbs . at the time -RRB- , and the cot had sunk a bit in the middle so that his back was right on the middle support bar . Like other posters here have written , the middle is up higher than the head and foot area , so it 's very uncomfortable and digs into his back . We 've done like the others have mentioned ... put pillows and/or rolled up comforter underneath the entire cot -LRB- and over the brace -RRB- to make it all an even surface to sleep on , but it 's a lot of trouble . We 're going to sell it and buy a different cot . The design of this one needs to be reworked .
 We ordered 2 of these for an upcoming camping trip . The first of the cots arrived broken . Both fasteners for the middle supports were cracked off . The second cot was in fine shape , but the support running across the length of the cot was immediately uncomfortable for our son . I 'm in the process of returning both cots and we have already purchased a replacement cot that our son enjoys .
 My 3 year old son slept on this cot for 3 days before it broke . The buttons that hold the bed together are made out of plastic and one of them snapped into 2 pieces . Also , there is a bar in the middle of the cot which I can not imagine to be very comfortable . I am definitely returning this product .
 nice looking item except on of the snap looking things that secures the material to the frame was busted . also the sheet for it is total crap . it also seems to have a hard time staying flat unless there is actually a child on it . as soon as you get up it wants to close . i suppose that might fade after its been `` broken in '' its not going to violently snap up on you or anything it just bunches up . Amazon is sending me a replacement that i am supposed to receive in a couple days . ill leave another review if that one is also busted or if its not after we get the chance to use it for a few nights .
 I ordered this product ... and come to find out the packaging did n't have the braces . I ordered it because my daughter was going to spend the night at a friend 's house , and yea ... we did n't have a cot . Had to go to Target and buy one . NOT HAPPY !
 The Good - ~ The handle bars adjust so you can find a comfortable height . ~ The canopy has a large window to keep an eye on the child . ~ It fully reclines and has a 5 point harness . ~ The front wheel can lock if you want it to only go straight.The Bad - ~ When the front wheel is unlocked to turn , it does not turn very smoothly . We have to use firm hands to maneuver it . ~ The 5 point harness is confusing and takes a long time to do . It takes up to 4 different buckles and hooks to get the little guy in . ~ It is very bulky and cumbersome to move when folded up.The Ugly-This is NOT a jogging stroller . In the manual it clearly states it is for walking purposes only . If we had known this we would have spent the same amount of money on a stroller that we could also jog with.Too bad hubby threw the box away :P .
 I just bought these receiving blankets today based on all the good reviews . Washed & dryed ONCE according to instructions and they have lost their shape , the stitching at edges is coming unravelled and they balled up and have lint all over them . I ca n't imagine what they will be like after the baby is born and I am actually using and washing them on a regular basis . Definitely DO NOT RECOMMEND at all . What a waste of money !
 I received these as a gift and after I washed them for the first time , they pilled and there was lint all over the laundry ! Now they look like I have had them for years . These are not that soft , either . I am very disappointed . I have some waverly waffle blankets that I like a lot better . Or , better yet , get the Carters 30x40 blankets . Save your money !
 please do not buy this particular itemit 's VERY low quality
 These blankets were on my registry ... i put them there after i read the reviews here . But on the very first wash , they began to give way around the edges and started to fray ... very unsightly.I give 5 stars for the fabric ... very soft ... but the fraying spoils it .
 This seat protector is a nice idea but the quality and endurance are disappointing . After using it for about a month the corners started folding down and the velcro bottoms never reached below the leather on the car 's seat . My 15 month old daughter can kick them until they end up in her lap . In order to get the velcro to reach the seat bottom we had to tie the tops with the least amount of tie . This makes the tops floppy and the velcro never stuck for long anyway . The blue trim comes apart from the plastic and makes the whole thing look very shabby . I threw them away after about two months of use . They may be cheap but they are n't worth it .
 I purchased these seat back protectors for my suburban that has leather seats . I have a 3 year old and a 10 month old and the 3 year old is constantly putting her feet on the seat . The ties on the protector don ; t line up with the head rest which makes it bunch up at the top and I did n't put the velcro adhesives on the bottom of my leather seats because they are too expensive . The protector just hangs on the back on m seat . I have recently thrown the protectors away . I would suggest investing in a good cleaning agent instead of buying this protector .
 I purchased a set of these for my new VW Jetta with cloth seats - the velcro does not stay at all - and the ties didnt line up with my headreasts - so they were VERY UNUSEFUL to me - I ended up throwing them away .
 i agree with some of these reviews about the velcro down the bottom . it will not stick and stay on my VW Jetta cloth seats . tried everything but just eneded up throwing them away . GO TO ONESTEPAHEAD.COM . they have the new ones that tie around your car seat . MUCH BETTER !
 I just received these a few days ago and already have thrown them away . What a waste of $ $ $ $ ! The sticky on the velcro will not stick to cloth seats , leaving the bottom just hanging there ! It is cold here and the first time these got cold , they shrivel up and pop out in the middle so your child 's feet will now be on the seat one on each side of this plastic thing . Junk junk ... I ordered the ones another reviewer recommended . Hopefully , they will be better !
 I bought these seat protectors for my leather seats hoping that they 'd help protect them from my 3yr old who 's constantly kicking the seat . My biggest peeve with them is that you have to stick the velcro onto the back of your seat . I did n't just pay all this money for leather only to stick stickers all over the seats , not knowing if the glue will ever come off . -LRB- ie like a price tag -RRB- I guess that may have been my own fault . Had I researched a little more , I 'd have seen that . Anyhow , mine just kinda ` hang ' there . The good news is , my seat is protected from her shoes .
 It was a great idea but they are pretty flimsy and I wanted another alternative to sticking it to my seats . Does n't work well in an SUV wher the seats are higher off the ground . The top corners started folding down after a few months .
 I originally bought these for my VW Passat with cloth seats . They worked ok in it but I now own a Volvo V70 R with leather seats . They velcro does not stay affixed to the seat so they are useless . I 'm going to either have to live with the footprints from my children or find a way to rig it up by tying it to something under the seat .
 This product might workout for other states but I live in Phoenix Arizona and thought this would be a great idea for scuff marks not !! The adhesive part to stick to your back of the seat because of the heat kept the back from staying on to the seat . So now there is no adhesive left and they just hang on the car and pretty much are worthless not a good investment for the Valley of Sun .
 I wanted a hip carrier for my 1 yr . old daughter who had outgrown her baby bjorn . She is petite for her age - 18lbs , 28 inches . I read all the reviews and decided to try the Mei Hip . Although the carrier is very well made , and the buckles are very secure , I did not like the fabric . I found it very stiff and unforgiving . It was like a cotton canvas material . I thought the Osaka pattern would be more muted or embroidered but it was a screened on print that was very bright and garish against the black . My daughter was very comfortable in it but I found the carrier very difficult to adjust . I would have to put her down , take it off and rethread the straps through the buckles and start the process of putting it on and her in it again . Once it was on , the waist strap cut into my hips no matter how I adjusted it and I found it difficult to spread the shoulder strap so it cupped my shoulder one handed . Once it was cupped around my shoulder , my right arm felt pinned to my side . After a short while , the circulation was being cut off and I was getting pins and needles in my arm and hand . I really wanted this carrier to work out but unfortunately it was n't for me . I 'm returning it today and the seller stated that there is a $ 5 restocking fee . On a positive note - if you really like this carrier , this seller has the best price and shipping on the web . Good luck !
 I ordered letters to spell out my child 's name . I received the this letter `` I '' in a separate box than the rest and it was dirty and chipped . Then when I received the box with the other letters there was duplicate `` I '' in place of one of the other letters I needed .
 Nothing wrong with product but I find it totally useless.I had amazon card left with some balance so bought it .
 I received this as a gift and thank goodness because I would NEVER purchase it . The music does n't work correctly and every vibration of the floor causes it to turn on in the middle of the night or when someone walks into the bathroom . My son thinks it 's great , but it leaks every time he pees in it . I am constantly cleaning up after him . I have another fisher price potty chair that is also a stool that i used for my daughter and I have no complaints about it . But the Royal Potty is a royal pain !!!
 I bought this for my daughter a while back . The sensor had a tendency to go off whenever . We also had a problem with the sound startling her when it went off unexpectedly while she was using it . She would leap off the potty and pee on the floor . We ended up using the Royal Potty sans batteries . Eventually we found the ovals you can buy for $ 6 and put on the actual potty to be a better investment .
 We got this potty for my daughter a few months ago . I personally thought it would be cute , seeing that she LOVES music . I thought it would be great for her and help with the pricess.The sensor NEVER works ! It never plays music when she uses the potty . It does work however in the middle of the night when we are all sleeping . Kind of scary.Also , the plastic is very hard and can be very cold on a litlte ones bottom early in the morning or late in the evening . This making the potty training VERY hard . My daughter never wanted to sit there long enough to go to the bathroom.I would n't buy this product if you have a new potty trainee . It 's just not worth the money.Buy one that is simple and has some padding to the seat area.GOOD LUCK !
 I have a little newer version of this potty chair , and I thought it would be great since it has a motion sensor -LRB- a light comes on -RRB- and plays music when my daughter goes in the potty . However , it is not great . The light sensor comes on at any close movement or heavy steps . And the music goes off just when my daughter sits down , let alone when she actually goes potty in it . This potty is CRAZY ! The sensors are WAY too sensitive . And like others have said , children figure out really quick how to make the light come on and make the music play . All they have to do is put their hand down there and the thing goes off . It has driven me crazy enough that I took the batteries out of the potty and am using it as a plain Jane potty . My advice is this . I have seen really cheap potty chairs out there -LRB- $ 10 or so -RRB- . You might as well go buy a cheap one as to buy this one that is close to $ 20 that is a piece of junk !
 We recieved this as a gift . My son loved the music , he was more enthralled by throwing toys etc. into it to hear the fanfare than to go potty , I yanked the battery out . The next headache is the fact that the potty handle is guess where ? In the front right between the little guy 's legs and just so easy to pull out while sitting on the seat part . There is no way I can see to turn the thing around to where he ca n't pull the potty out while sitting . I tried to contact fisher price but apparently they do n't feel the need to follow up with customer complaints . I would advise against this potty , and I would dearly love to give this one back to them , but they WO N'T ANSWER my email .
 Ok , I am using this for a little girl , so I did n't notice the leaking that others who have boys noticed ... but my daughter has a different problem with this toilet . First off ... the potty is supposed to make a `` royal song '' when the child pees ... but it makes the royal sound as soon as the child sits on the potty so it is n't any special reward . Second , my daughter is more interested in playing with the very bright red light inside the toilet instead of sitting on it . She will sit there and play with the light and get it to make music and all potty training goes right out the window ... Just what I want -- to teach my daughter to stick her hands in the toilet ! It is just a really bad product -- and a bad idea . Buy yourself a simple potty that costs less because this one is not worth the extra money .
 my son received this as a gift when we was 16 months old . my would n't even be sitting on it and it would turn on and make music . now that he does use it leaks . so now my carpet smells like pee .
 This is the worst potty I have ever purchased . There are too many things wrong with this . Biggest problem is that it leaks and do n't count on the music . It will play when no one is on it and when my kid does go in it , it would n't make any sound ! What 's the point then ? The seat is also hard and not easy for a boy to use it with the splashguard in the way . Worst purchase I 've ever made !!
 Just as several others have said , this potty leaks when used by a boy . I found it easier to have my twin boys just use the grown up potty with a stool . Everyone was happy and I did n't have to mop hourly .
 Wish I 'd read the reviews before I bought it . My 18 month old is extremely interested in the potty , so I bought this as an experiment at Target yesterday . My biggest issue is the way the music works - it is triggered by a motion sensor , so she quickly figured out she could stick her hand in front of the sensor to make the music play - thank you Fisher Price for encouraging my daughter to stick her hands in the potty ! Anyway , I just ordered Tinkle Toonz on-line & hopefully that will work better - the music is triggered by actual moisture , not just motion . It seems like most people end up with more than one potty , so this will be my `` spare '' . All that being said , she has gone potty 3X already without prompting , so I guess I ca n't call it a waste !
 I am glad to know it is not just my child ! This potty leaks just about everytime he uses it ! The battery died very quickly and the sounds were always sporadic at best . I would DEFINITELY discourage anyone from buying this potty . It is hindering the potty training due to the fact that my son get 's upset when it leaks all over his leg ! I plan on trashing mine and finding a good replacement .
 This potty chair was a hand-me-down from my neice . The problem is , my 2 year old son 's legs are too chubby for it . He 's not even overly large . He weighs 29 lbs and is 34 '' . When the guard is in place for boys , the sides of the chair force his legs towards the center and the guard digs in to the bottom of his thighs . He got up after 2 minutes and had deep , red creases in his legs ! I 'm sure this is n't an issue for girls no matter how chubby , but for boys , it does n't work .
 I first bought the `` old style '' royal potty for my 2 year old son and the chair leaks !!! everytime !!!! all over my rugs . My son gets mad because he thinks he is peeing on the rug . I called fisher price they was n't surprised at all they had alot of complaints on it . They gave me vouchers for other fisher price items . Then I heard about the new royal potty design stlye so dumb me I bought it . Well guess what it leaks also !!!!! I called fisher price again and they said I can return it to them and they will send me a new one in 3-4 weeks . Well what am I supposed to do in the mean time ? He does n't like the big toliet yet . So I did , not that I 'm going to use the new one . I am going to put it up on craigs list for free . Do n't get me wrong I love fisher price products sometimes I think I am there warehouse but I will never use their potty chairs again.This also happened to my sister-n-law also , our kids are 6 weeks a part , she had bought 2 also , she is extremely mad too.don ' t bye this one -- save your money .
 I would recommend just buying one that sits on top of the toilet and a stepping stool . You do n't have to clean # 2 out of the cup and you 'll probably already have a stepping stool so that your child can reach the sink . It really saves a lot of hastleMy mother-in-law and I both bought this potty for my daughter . -LRB- One for her house and one for mine . -RRB- It was hard for me to put together , my Mo-in-Law could n't get it together at all.It makes a loud trumpet sound every time `` water '' passes a sensor inside the toilet that scared my daughter terribly at first , but luckily it took a lot of batteries to work and it died.The other thing I 'd like to point out is if your child actually likes the noise and the batteries die , they are almost impossible to replace . In order to replace them you have to take almost the whole toilet apart , which again is very hard to put back together.We got ours on sale so I do n't mind the expenditure . When you are buying these things just remember it is only a toilet that they will be using for a year or so tops ...
 I bought this little potty for my 2 1/2 year old little boy ! What a mistake ! It might be fine for girls but when my son used it , it dripped down the guard and out of the potty and onto the floor ! I called fisher price and they snet me fisher price dollars as a sorry ! Plus the music only worked 1 time , untill I had to wash off the whole potty ! I have since bought a baby bjorn potty ... It is easy to clean and my son loves it !
 We purchased this when my daughter was a little over a year . We thought it was so cute . Around 18 months we started working with her . She saw this as more of a toy than anything else . She continually wanted to make the music go off , so she would put toys in it or stand in it . It defeated the purpose ... she wanted to play rather than potty . We ended up taking the batteries out and put it away for a while . We bought another chair to use ... but we still use this one -LRB- as we have 4 bathrooms -RRB- . She is now well-potty trained and does everything on her own . My other major complaint is how hard it is for her to empty the chair . WHen she tries to pull out the dish , it tends to spill b/c the dish is so well connected . Our other potty chairs are SO much easier for her to empty AND put back !!! This one , she ca n't get it back on the `` hooks '' underneath . So , needless to say , I would n't buy this again !!!
 I do n't know if it 's just because I 'm training a boy instead of a girl , but every time he uses this potty , it leaks urine all over the floor ! Very frustrating . We bought a seat that goes on the big potty and will be putting the Fisher Price potty out for the garbage .
 We bought this potty seat for our 18 month boy and he started using it at 22 months . EVERY TIME HE PEES IT LEAKS ALL OVER THE FLOOR !!! I am going out right now to buy something else . He is very comfortable on it but I can not have him peeing on the floor every time . It leaks out between the seat and the pull out bowl .
 A friend of mine and I both bought this potty for our kids because we found the design cute and loved the idea of musical `` rewards '' for a job well done . We were far from pleased , however , to discover that it leaks and makes a big mess for parents to clean up ! We have since experienced much better luck with a potty seat that fits over the grown-up toilet seat . In addition to its ease of use , kids seem to feel more `` grown up '' using the real potty . Do n't waste your money on the `` royal potty '' .
 When we first bought the potty , my 2 year old son loved it ! He loved sitting down and hearing the music trumpet when he had success ! He also LOVED the book that went with it.The downside to this potty , it is leaks TERRIBLY . Especially with boys , the urine runs down the pee guard and underneath it soaking the underside of the potty.Taking apart the potty is a pain , as you have to take apart the piece that holds the sensor , as the pee gets trapped under this.After a while , we just took off the sensor , and I had to wipe the underside of the potty every time he went.We only use this potty in the car for an emergency .
 I have to agree with the other reviewers about this being more toy like than serious potty training . My daughter loves sticking her hand in the bowl to make it play the song and she loves taking the bowl out . There are times when she does n't go and the music goes off which is confusing . I will probably buy another one just so she can distinguish the difference . Once she figured out she could make it play without going potty she quit using it .
 Waste of money !!! Every time my son used this potty , I had a big puddle to clean up on the floor and I had to put diaper to prevent this mess .
 I bought this potty for my daughter and everytime she goes on it a small amount of pee is in the potty the rest is on the floor . The collection bowl does n't fit properly . There is a big gap in the front of the potty . Plus getting the bowl off the bottom is such a struggle that I usually end up spilling the contents anyway . I am going to buy a new potty today .
 This chair design is not for potty training toddlers . If you have a boy be prepared for a big mess . While potty training my grandson this chair was a `` Royal Pain '' . First of all the child can not sit on the toilet by himself , he needs to be lifted onto the seat , and make sure that stay by the child and hold down his wee wee or there will be pee pee every where as the splash guard is inadequate to say the least .
 My daughter hated this potty . We have to go buy another one . The sensor that tells when your child uses the potty is red , and she was so scared of it , she thought it was going to burn her little bottom !!! Also , the sensor turned itself on and off at seemingly random intervals . Frustrating -- it also set us back because she was so afraid of it .
 This potty is a complete waste of money . It give the child a false sense of accomplishment because the sensors are so sensitive on it it makes noise every time it 's bumped . My daughter still will not go potty . She sits on it and barely moves and plays the music . This happens sometimes when we walk past it . I am terribly disappointed . I 'd rather give it 0 stars.Do not buy this potty !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I wouldnt recomment it to any one . My 10 months old takes the deflector out so easily and the pe pe goes every where . The potty leaks on the floor , the potty for sure 's so hard to clean every time . Ofcourse the potty seat is way too small for the 20lbs back . He gets big round red marks and cries on it.The music sensor super sensitive . I repent that buy . DONOT BUY IT .
 This item actually delayed potty training when my fearless child decided that an orchestra was not appreciated while one is trying to releive themselves!Don ' t waste your time with cheap seats !!! Buy a Pottypal and save space in you bathroom . Go to Pottypal.com to see what you are missing and you 'll be pleased that you did . I actually purchased mine on ebay for $ 18.95 and they 're still selling !
 This is my second royal potty . I had one for my now 6 year old and the sensor for the music quit working totally and also with this one . Now with my almost 3yr old , I purchased it again thinking it would be rewarding , not now . I am finding that everytime he goes , it is all over the floor or soaks a towel that I have started putting under it for easier cleanup . He aims like he should and I ca n't figure out how and why there is a puddle on the floor and the bowl is in correctly . He also complains his bottom hurts if on it to long due to the small seat size . I am having a difficult time training him # 2 for I ca n't get him to sit very long to do so . Do not recommend this .
 I bought this potty for my 18 month old when he started saying `` Potty '' everytime one of us went to the bathroom . First time he sat on it , he caught his little boy parts on the splash guard . I guess it hurt him enough to scare him because he will not sit on it anymore . It was too big for him to sit on by himself , so I would have to lift him onto it to avoid him getting caught on the splash guard . He has learned to pull the guard off now , but still will not sit on it without clothes on . I would not recommend this one at all .
 My son always pees over the bowl and urine ends up in the floor . Also , I have to take the batteries out because it would n't stop playing
 this potty chair is the worst !!!!!!!!! Every time my son used it there was more pee on the floor then in the holder . Not only does it leak , but even worst my son being pulled down would get pee on them from the floor . Making him believe he did something wrong because I would have to change his cloths and he thougt he had an accident.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY AND WORST YET IT WILL SET YOU BACK WITH THE TRAINING BECAUSE OF THE LEAKING . MAKING YOUR CHILD AFRAID OF USING IT BECAUSE IT GOES ALL OVER THE FLOOR !!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE THIS CHAIR AND IT SHOULD BE TAKEN OFF THE MARKET !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! In addition I would n't even give it one star but the review requires you to have to in order to place my review .
 My daughter thought the book was great , but the sounds the potty made and the red sensor light made her uncomfortable . We tried removing the batteries so it did not make any noise and she warmed up to it , but never to the point of actually wanting to use it to potty . In addition , the bowl was too easy for a curious toodler to remove . My daughter always removed the bowl when she sat on the potty .
 This toilet appealed to us initally in the store but when we got it home it was another story . IT LEAKED ALL OVER THE CARPETED BATHROOM FLOOR ! It really hurt my son 's ego too which is very disappointing . He was so proud to have made it to the toilet in time only to have potty all over his pants , sock , and the floor anyway . I just threw the useless thing away . I had to call the carpet cleaner to get the stains and smell out . I would recommend the Bjorn toilet and toilet seat cover . They are a bit more expensive but worth every penny to save your bathroom from smelling like a urinal .
 This is a horrible potty ! I am so disappointed with it . Everytime my son pees on it , it leaks all over the floor . There 's a gap between the little bowl and the seat and he seems to pee right where that gap is . He loves to use the potty , but I find myself discouraging him from using it because I 'm tired of cleaning up the mess . This is definately one of the worst baby purchases I 've made .
 Very cute looking BUT it leaks all over the floor !!!!!!!!!!!
 I had 2 of these potties , one for upstairs and one for downstairs . Before potty training I thought these would be great for the comfort of the seat and the ease of disposal . It turns out that as soon as my daughter was ready to go potty the potty seat was too small and her pee often went right between the seat and the little bowl and wound up on the floor . The pediatrician advised a potty seat that allows for the kids to have their feet steady and their legs spread so they can relax to go potty . Another problem with my daughter not being able to spread her legs is that she could n't get her hand in to wipe herself . I wound up getting the soft seat potties and those were great . Since then we moved up to a potty seat on the big potty with a step .
 aLL CHILDREN POTTY TRAIN AT THEIR OWN PACE , BUT MINE LEARNED AS SOON AS i GOT RID OF THIS THING . mY SON LIKED THE LITTLE MUSIC SO MUCH HE VIEWED IT AS A TOY INSTEAD OF A PLACE TO `` DO HIS BUSINESS '' . iT 'S NOT EASY TO TRAIN A CHILD WITH WITH A MUSICAL TOILET -LRB- AS IF POTTY TRAINING WAS N'T HARD ENOUGH -RRB- . hE USED TO PUT HIS HAND IN IT TO HEAR THE MUSIC . wHICH IS WHY i 'M GLAD HE NEVER ACTUALLY USED IT .
 I 'm so disapointed in this potty , every time my son used it it leaked ALL over the floor , not just a little bit a LOT . And it didnt matter where he ` aimed ' it would just leak . It 's now gone into the trash .
 As some of the other reviewers have stated , the musical part of this potty is inconsistent . But that 's not what bothered me . The pot does not meet the chair part , and every time my boys used it , the pee leaked out through that gap . I ended up throwing this one away & buying another potty by The First Years .
 I have the same complaints as the other reviewers for my son 's use of this product . Because of the sides of the chair being tall and close , it 's hard for a boy to use . Without the deflector the pee just goes out in front of him because he ca n't sit with his legs far enough apart , and with the deflector my son wo n't sit on this potty at all because it hurts his legs and he ca n't get up by himself without getting his parts caught on it . It leaks urine from between the chair and the removable bowl , and the music only worked for 2 1/2 days . Maybe it would be better for a girl .
 I bought this for my son about 7 months ago and he did like it at first but it should be made a little bigger . It hurts his legs when using the deflector part and you have to use that part with a boy . Maybe this potty is better for a girl but definately not a boy . Also it is hard to clean with too many cracks and sometimes it leaks . The only part me and my son liked was he liked to pull the container out by himself and empty it thats why i gave it the 2 stars i did.I never even used the music part of it so i can not review that but i think that it is useless.I have decided just to buy a soft kids seat for the big toilet and a step stool . I would not buy this potty again . I would recommend you research other pottys on the market because this is no good.If fisher price improved this potty by making it a little bigger for boys and improved some other things , then it probably would be the best potty .
 I received this from my sister . She has a boy and had problems also . Even with the sheild on , urine still leaked onto the floor most of the time . There is a small gap between the bottom of the seat and the top of the bowl that is big enough to let urine go between the two and leak onto the floor . The music never worked for my nephew unless he went poop so I never installed the batteries for my son .
 I had the original version of this potty and called Fisher-Price to let them know that it was leaking . They sent me the new version which you see here and again it leaks . I think that they need to redesign the bowl so that it has a shield of its own . Every time my son uses it , the urine finds its way out of the potty and onto my bathroom floor . Very disappointing . Thankfully , Fisher-Price is sending a reimbursement for the chair .
 My son is 2 1/2 and this potty has been a nightmare for us . First , it did have a tendency to go off at all times of the day and night , and 2nd , the splash guard is not tall enough or secure enough . I ca n't even begin to count the times that I 've turned around and seen him chewing on the guard he 's removed or how often urine has shot across the bathroom because his penis is pointing 1 cm off of ` straight ahead ' . On the bright side , it 's comfortable for him to sit on and mine has never leaked , but that just may be because the urine never quite makes it in the receptacle .
 1 Star is too many ! This cair is awful !! It leaks everytime my son uses it . It is a horrible mess then my son splashes in it it I am not there to stop him . Hate it !!
 My daughter likes this potty , but I definitely do not . Almost every time she uses it , it leaks . I too thought it was b/c my daughter did not get to the potty in time , but one day I happened to be nearby and saw it spilling over onto the floor . Definitely a defect in design . As for the music as positive reinforcements -- the batteries did n't last long b/c every little movement causes it to go off . I highly recommend people to look into alternative potty chairs .
 I thought the musical potty would be a great idea for my 2 year old . Instead , it 's annoying , because any movement sets off the music and EVERYTIME he sits on it , IT LEAKS !!! I 'm constantly having to clean the bathroom floor after my son is done using it . I definitely would NOT recommend this potty to anyone !
 My 2 yr old boy recently started using this potty - he loves it and the sound it makes - but this thing leaks terribly out the front and I end up cleaning up a pee pee mess on the floor and on the potty itself.Do yourself a favor , if you have a boy , do not get this potty .
 If I could give this potty a lower score than one star I would . It 's a waste of money . My son was so uncomfortable on it it set us back on potty training . He did not want to sit on it . The seat was uncomfortable and the splash guard dug into his chubby little thighs . He 's only 16 months old so he should have been able to sit on this comfortably . Also he thought sticking his hands in it was cool too . Do n't get this potty ! I replaced it with the Baby Bjorn potty today and he has already gone it .
 I was given this potty seat for my daughter -LRB- now age 2 1/2 -RRB- . At first glance it seems cute and makes `` reward '' noises and even comes with a story . First , the story was kind of dumb in my opinion and there are much better potty books out there , but that is a side issue . My real pet peeves with this potty are
 I got this for my daughter and she likes sitting on it but it leeks pee almost every time she uses it . The clean up is so much work . I would n't recommend it even for girls .
 so gross . I bought this b/c several family members and lots of family friends work for Fisher Price . Not sure who designed it , but every time my son pees in it , it leaks all over the floor . And we do use the little pee deflector thing -LRB- for boys -RRB- . Maybe it works for girls ? And the little musical part has only worked maybe 2x and it freaked my son out . It looks very cute , but I 'm tired of cleaning up a puddle of pee every time . We 're switching to little seat that goes on the real potty .
 I have two toilets for my twins . They refused to use the potty until we took out the batteries . The noise scared them . But worst of all , the darn things leak . Maybe with a girl it would n't be a problem , but not with boys . I actually thought they were n't making it to the potty in time , until I sat and watched it leak like a faucet one time . Now I have towels under the chairs that have to be changed all the time . Would not buy this product at all .
 I bought this potty for my 18-month-old baby girl . She took the potty into her room to play by sticking her hand in it to listen to the royal chimes or reward song and it was fine to me . When the batteries went low the royal chimes would go off without anybody around it and in the middle of the night it was annoying . Finally , when she seriously started using it , it leaked all over the floor . I also confirmed a reward song is not a necessary feature in a potty . Tired of cleaning urine from the bathroom floor -LRB- as if I did not have anything better to do -RRB- I decided to purchase a BabyBjorn potty -LRB- the tall one -RRB- and it works great . Love it and highly recommend it . By the way , the BabyBjorn `` short version '' did not work for my daughter because when she was ready to stand up the potty would stick to her , dropping all the urine on the floor . My Royal potty is now called the `` Royal Bathing chair '' and for that purpose , it works great . I removed the green container and musical ring . When ready to shower my little one I place it facing the faucet , seat my daughter and bathe her with the shower hose or a plastic container filled with water . Very convenient !
 What a waste of money !! This potty leaked EVERY time my daughter used it . She might as well have just sat on the floor to go to the bathroom . Definitely do n't waste your money on this one !! I tried moving the pail forward a little and back , thinking maybe I had it in the wrong spot . But no matter how I had it , front , middle , back it did n't matter . It leaked terribly ...
 As a first time mom , this `` royal throne '' makes potty training a royal frustration ! First and Foremost , when my daughter does make it to this potty chair , the chair leaks . So I 'm still cleaning up a mess !!! The pot/bowl has too much space between it and the seat , so the urine squirts out and runs down the legs and around the edge of the bowl . We tried the shield , nope ! It is very hard plastic that hurts to straddle it . We tried placing a book under the legs to give it a tilt . That did n't work either . So the chair has to be placed on a vinyl floor not on carpet because it tends to leak 4 out of 5 times . Best wishes if you choose to buy it .
 I fell in love with this seat at first . It was comfy and the shield did not rub against my son when he went . However , I ended up having a lot of problems with leaking . My son seemed to just happen to urinate into the place where the seat and cup met . I would have a big mess on the floor everytime . Also it would rarely play music when he urinated . The flow has to be just right in order to interrupt the infrared light and play the music . I was very disappointed !
 This is not a good potty , for boys at least . When my son pees , more ends up on the floor than in the potty . He seems to always be aiming right for this little opening between the seat and the bowl underneath . This is also not a comfy seat for when he 's going # 2 and is sitting there for a while ! We have an Evenflo Training Rewards potty also and it is much better - rarely leaks and has a nice cushioned seat .
 My last review did not get posted , so I thought I would try once more . I appreciate these reviews , had I read these first I would have saved myself heartache and time . The above potty seat , the royal potty , leaks . At least 1/4 of my sons urine ends up underneath the potty almost every time . There is a space between the bowl underneath the potty and the bottom of the chair , that he sprays right through . I purchased a baby bjorn from -LSB- local store -RSB- , and it is perfect .
 Being the mother of three boys -LRB- 8 yr to 2 yrs -RRB- plus a grown daughter , I have previously had the problem with the splash guards on potties . They are always too flimsy and easily removed by my toddlers . This one had a splash guard that could be permanently anchored . I thought this was the solution to all my `` potty splash guard problems '' . I definitely trust the Fisher Price name and reputation and found that this potty was very cute , so I purchased it . Mind you , that this is the second potty purchased for my last toddler . The first one had a permanent splash guard too , but it was too short , so he kept on `` peeing '' over it and made a mess ! This Fisher Price potty is no better ! My son has now learned to `` push his pee-pee down '' so it goes into the pot chamber , but somehow even when doing that , it leaks on the floor EVERYTIME ! I have to stand there and watch as he pees and then look for the little puddle that forms under the potty . I have resorted to putting newspapers under the potty , just like trying to train a little puppy ! I HATE IT ! The only time the little music `` tah-dah '' works is when he poops and never when he pees . -LRB- so much for that feature ... -RRB- I will definitely throw this one away -LRB- or give it to someone with a girl -RRB- and look for another potty . My husband will think I am nuts to buy so many different potties , but is there one that works for a boy that does not leak ? I am convinced that all the `` bells and whistles '' are not necessary to train a little one anymore . `` Simple , yet effective '' will be my new motto ! I should have trusted the numerous comments from parents earlier who did NOT recommend this potty for their sons !
 I have twin girls that are in the early stages of potty training . I thought a musical potty would spark an interest for them in wanting to potty . Boy , was I wrong . All they want to do is play with this potty ! They are constantly putting their hands inside the hole to make the music sound . The two I bought are on their way to the garage sale and I am on my way to the store to buy 2 more - non-musical !!
 I do not recommend that you buy this potty chair . I purchased it and when my son uses it the pee runs in the floor . So I end up with a major mess . I have ordered another potty chair that I should be receiving soon and I will let everyone know how it works .
 This is the worst potty that I could have bought . Every time my son uses it , it leaks out the side or front , and we end up with a big wet mess on the floor . If my son does n't get up fast enough , his feet end up wet . I do n't recommend this potty for anyone with a boy .
 This potty makes a mess . After my son goes potty there is always a puddle of pee on the floor . We bought two pottys and they both leak . We are returning them . Plus the music only worked for one day . In addition to , this potty 's music will not work if your child `` sits '' on the potty for a while . Do not buy this potty .
 I absolutely hate this potty . My wife and I thought the potty would be a great motivator to get our son to start using the potty . He was n't motivated by it at all . However , the worst thing about this potty is that it leaks everywhere . Every single time my son using the potty I have to clean the potty and the floor it sits on . I have checked it and check it to see if something is amiss but to no avail . Do n't waste your money on this one . You 'd do better with a Maxwell House can . This is n't a Royal Potty , it 's a royal pain .
 As some of the other posts mentioned , we also have problems with the sounds not working and/or going off when you just walk down the hall past the bathroom.My daughter , 26 months , also has figured out how to make the music go off by putting her hand between her legs . Not something I want to encourage!I would not recommend this potty .
 I have a boy , and like many of the others who have wrote a review , I am very disappointed in this product . While I 'm thrilled when my son tells me he has to go potty , I 'm tired of cleaning up the floor after every trip to the `` royal throne '' . This product was very poorly designed . Boys somehow shoot through where the top of the pan meets the bottom of the chair . There is no way Fisher Price did any `` trials '' on this product before putting it on the market . And as for the music , the batteries quickly ran out because the thing was playing music all the time , even if no one was in the room .
 My son thought of this seat as a toy . While he sat on it occasionally for fun , he would also pull off and throw the splash guard . He also pulled out the slide-in cup and stood in the hole of the seat . In my case , a one piece seat was clearly the answer . I purchased the `` Once Upon A Potty '' chair -LRB- not available on amazon.com the last time I checked -RRB- , along with the `` Once Upon A Potty '' video . My son went from being a child completely not interested in using the `` potty '' to one that is self-training , all within two weeks .
 I bought this potty for our son thinking that the musical sounds would inspire him to use it , but the potty has been terrible ! First , the batteries ran out very quickly because any vibration from footsteps would set it off and it would play its little tune . In addition , the design is very poor . When my son would poop in it , it would get stuck in the back of the toilet and was really difficult to clean ! So eventually , we actually took it apart and removed the battery/noise part of the potty . However , this then caused the bowl to be wobbly and move and so now whenever he uses it it there is a mess everywhere ! I am about to buy a different brand and chuck this one ! Do n't buy it !
 This potty leaks very badly . Every time my son uses the chair half of his `` deposit '' leaks between the seat and the cup and ends up on the floor . Plus , the tune mechanism does not work well since the `` stream '' never goes directly across the sensor . The only good thing I 've found is the handles on the side help him to sit down . However , I would not recommend this chair at all .
 My little girl has decided that she rather kick it to make the music play rather than actually use it for what we bought it for then play with it and touch the light that goes on which I feel may be unsanitary . This is our third potty and we are now finding that she rather just sit on the actual toilet seat .
 This chair looks cute but all it takes is the slightest movement and the music plays it EATS batteries -LRB- and i dont mean the cheap ones -RRB- the pull out tray seems convenient unless you have a little sports fan like my daughter who thinks the tray looks just like a base ball hat and it as often running around with it on her head as she is trying to potty in it or stick her hands in to hear the music . we have had no success using this chair only distractions .
 This potty seemed like a really good idea when we bought it - but it 's not a good investment if you have a little boy . Within three days , the music part had broken , and before that it only worked occasionally . The removable potty portion leaks terribly - we ended up with a huge puddle on the floor every time . Because of where little boy parts are , this potty just is n't designed well for boys . It 's a cute idea and my son liked the music while it lasted , but the potty is pretty much garbage - which is where we tossed ours .
 When my husband and I were at the store to purchase our daughters first potty , we chose this model
 I do not reccommend this potty to anyone . I purchased it because I needed a potty that was up on feet because of where the heater vent was . Well , my son does use the potty , but then I always have to clean up the floor . The -LRB- ... -RRB- comes out the gap between the bowl and the seat , even with the splash guard in place . I only had the batteries in place for a mere few hours before I had enough . He was more interested in sticking his hand in and out of the opening to make the music go off . Then I found him testing all the other potty 's in the house trying to make the music play . I am headed to the store to look for a new one today .
 The potty size is to small and the pee falls out easily especially if it is moved in the slightest . When you place the potty back under the chair you do not always get it on the first try and if your child wants to put it back the potty is usually on the floor and so is the pee . Finally the musical award is fun for the child but not for the parent , because those little hands go into the potty to activate the music . That is not very hygenic and you have the wash your child 's hands often .
 do not buy this potty chair simply for the `` bells and whistles '' they never seem to work at the right time - or at all half of the time . I would have liked to see it be a little deeper as far as size goes , my boys had a little trouble squeezing in when the protector was on . The main thing that annoys me and maybe this only happens with boys , but it occasionally leaks underneath between the bowl and where it slides in . I am guessing that since the boys urine comes out the front , rather than underneath , it leaks out in that space where the bowl slides out . There are even times that my older son 's pants got wet from resting at the front of the potty when he sat . If I had to do it all again , I would opt for using the big potty from the start - cleaning those things out gets old fast too !
 I thought my son would love this chair but he absoultely hated it -LRB- and so did I -RRB- Here 's why ; - My son is a 40lb 2 1/2 yr old . The hole in the seat was too small for him . When he would sit down , he would pinch himself on the sheild . If he sat further back so that he would n't be pinched , he could n't go # 2 or it would smear all over the back of the seat -LRB- and him -RRB- - When he sat further back to go pee , the urine came out through the crack between the bowl and the chair . The was frustrating for him as he then thought he was having an accident on the floor . - The music plays when something passes through the light motion sensor . This includes hands as well as pee and poo . Sometimes he would pee and then want to hear the music again so he would stick his hands in the bowl full of urine . Not sanitary and very tempting to a toddler . I do n't want him thinking it 's ever okay to stick his hands in a potty , so as you can guess , we chcuked this potty and got a seat for the big potty . I love the new one and so does my son!DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS POTTY !
 I bought this for my daughter in preparation for potty training . I thought it was cute because it played a tune when the child sat on it . My daughter liked sitting on it and hearing the music and was potty trained using this product , but if I had to do it all over again , I would probably buy another potty chair . This is why :1 . The music sometimes does n't work when it is sat on and at other times it will play when nobody is sitting on it . Also , the little music player eats batteries like there is no tomorrow . I got sick of changing the batteries every single day and after a few weeks took them out permanently .2 . The potty sometimes leaks . There is a small gap between the bowl and the chair and I have noticed a small amount a urine does leak through onto the floor from time to time . This can be somewhat irritiating to say the least . I definitely would NOT recommend this product if your whole house is carpeted . Only put this potty on a hard surface were leaks can easily be cleaned up .3 . No cover and very shallow and narrow bowl . The chair itself is probably about 12-15 inches wide with the bowl being about 5 inches wide , 6-7 inches long and maybe 3 inches deep . With this potty you have to vigilient and dump the contents after every movement . This is not hard to do during the training process , but after potty training is mastered it 's easy to forget when your child can go to the bathroom without your supervision . Without a cover , any BM will make your bathroom -LRB- or ` training room ' -RRB- a noxious place within several seconds . After two pee-pees , the shallow bowl will be almost filled to overflowing . If your child is big boned or has big BM 's , it will be hard to fit him into the chair or his BM 's into the bowl . I noticed most potties are much wider and have a bowl about twice the size of this one . With the royal potty you have to check the potty once every few hours to avoid a major overflow or leakage .4 . Dumping the contents can be a pain . To remove the bowl from the potty , you have to get it a hard tug . If the bowl is close to full , this could lead to a mess , mostly on your hands , on the floor , and the nearest object . Getting it back in can be a little tricky , especially the first few times . In the other potties I 've tried , removal of the bowl is much easier and less mess-prone . I would not recommend this potty . Instead , I would recommend the Potty 'N Step Stool . It has a cover , and a large enclosed bowl that is easy to remove and put back in place . My mother bought that one for the times my daughter stays at her house and I wished I purchased the same one too .
 I wish that I would have read the reviews before buying this product . My 19 month old daughter was too fascinated with the musical chime and quickly figured out how to activate it by touching the sensor with her finger rather than actually sitting down . Who wants to encourage their child to put their hands in the potty ? Not me ! Also - the musical chime is sporadic-sometimes it would work and sometimes not . Sometimes it would chime when no one was even near it ! Then the battery died after only one week ! I tried to take it back because we had not actually tried to go potty on it yet - we just got it to introduce her to it , but I did not have the box and Toys R Us told me to call Fisher Price . Fisher Price apologized and issued me a manufacter 's coupon for the purchase price . I then went and got a quiet potty !
 As my son started showing potty-readiness , I stood before the huge display of potties and thoroughly examined each feature and decided on this potty . How cool ! It plays music ! What a nice reward ! Like other reviewers , I found my son quickly figured out what he could do to make the music , so he 's constantly be sticking his hands down in the bowl which is a bit counter-productive . The worst feature for us is that my son thinks the bowl looks like a baseball cap ... I assume that I do n't have to paint this picture for you ... let 's just say that this is one potty we do n't recommend . : P
 I bought this potty chair because I thought the musical part was cute.I am really regretting not saving the receipt and box so I could return it . It is one of the worst things I have ever purchased . It leaks every time , which is very discouraging for our son . And that means , of course , that every time he goes potty , I have to clean up the floor , the potty chair , and my little boy.Wretched product for a little boy . It may work okay for a girl -LRB- leakage-wise -RRB- since they potty straight down , more or less . But for a boy , PLEASE do n't waste your money . I think I will even call the company to see if they can issue a refund or something.Some friends of ours bought the `` Once Upon A Potty '' chair . It costs about $ 5 more than this one , but well worth it , they say . It is all one piece , so the child ca n't pull out the cup , and there is no way in the world it can leak . I will be buying one by the weekend.If you decide to buy this product anyway , please save your receipt and box so you can return it if it does n't work for you.A very crummy product design - all the way ` round . VERY disappointed .
 I bought this for my two year old , what a mistake . The first problem was it leaked . Just as you are watching your child do their business it was leaking all over the floor . The second problem was that this sound stopped after a few uses . I would not recommend this potty .
 Firstly , my daughter did NOT like the music . Well , I should n't say that , she got so distracted by it she stopped doing her business , jumped off , and then peed or pooed in her pants about 10 minutes later . So , out went hte batteris and we had better success.I must also say that it leaks . I would not buy it again .
 For a long time , I just assumed that my 2 1/2 year old son was `` missing '' every time he peed in this potty , and I ended up mopping up the floor . I simply could not believe that any manufacturer , especially one as reputed as Fisher Price , would design a kiddy potty with such a glaring design flaw . But , in fact , upon more careful inspection , I realized that there is a substantial gap between the potty seat and the receptacle that attaches underneath the seat . Through that gap goes the bulk of the pee . I have managed to fill the gap with a combination of duct tape and tissue paper , but I fear that this makeshift gapfiller will soon become revolting . I am going out this weekend to buy a new potty seat . Save yourselves the trouble and expense .
 I know no one ever said potty training was neat , but this is ridiculous ! Every time my son used this potty , I had a big puddle to clean up on the floor . Also , the music feature stopped working after the first thorough cleaning I gave it . We threw it in the garbage and bought the Safety First Potty . It 's much cleaner and neater , and my son loved decorating it with the enclosed stickers .
 As others have complained the sounds on this potty do not work correctly and they go off for no reason at odd times -LRB- like in the middle of the night -RRB- . It leaks terribly ! My son tries to go , but gets discouraged when his pee-pee is in the potty AND all over the floor . I wish I had read these reviews before purchasing this potty . What a waist of money !!!
 This music scared my 20 month old baby girl . When she sat down on it for the first time it immediately made a loud `` royal `` sound . It really scared her and she jumped up and never wanted to go near this potty again for the next 4 months . I took the batteries out and now she does use it . I do n't recommend this musical potty . Just a regular potty with no sounds is probably just fine for most babies .
 I bought it because I thought it would be neat for my daughter to hear the royal sound . NOT ! The red light would n't shut off , and when we were n't even around you would hear it go off . Plus my daughter wanted to keep putting her hands down in the potty to make it make the noise . It leaks and is hard to get off of the big girl potty . My advice is to just keep on walking when you see it in the store .
 I could care less about anything else . This potty does the one thing I can not tolerate - it leaks and I mean has leaked every time she has used it . We had an old wooden and plastic potty that never , ever leaked once . I foolishly threw it away when we brought this one home . Now , I have had it ! It even leaks when it looks like it has n't . Check underneath and there 's a puddle . It 's cute , I like the overall design and easy detachable bowl , but I would never , ever recommend this potty to anyone under any circumstances and am writing the manufacturer with our woes . Good luck !
 this was the 3rd potty i bought my son who is 18 months.the first one was 3 in 1 step potty from safety first.i though it was ok but my son didnt like it , so i went and bout the musical flushing potty , the lid snapped shut my son could not open it by himself , it was hard to take out the pee bucket and the flushin handel was to hard for him to push down it wasnt nice and soft . this royal thing -LSB- stinks -RSB- . the light stays on 24/7 which causes it use allot of batteries.the pee bucket wont stay secure in place and it leaks.there is no seal.im on my 4 and already dont like it.im gon na try the baby bjorn , but ive heard it is only for tiny kids.well see.saveur money dont buy this one
 This potty was given to us by my mom who wanted to encourage our daughter . It had the exact opposite effect . The first time that she ever told us she had to use the potty she sat on this potty the music started and she cried . She would n't sit on another potty because she was scared ! I have talked to other moms who have had similar experiences .
 I purchased this potty for my son . I thought that the `` royal '' turns would give him an interest in using it , it did n't . He used it once and cried ! He would not sit on it again . I was very disappointed . The potty would sing for now reason sometimes and EVERY TIME you would touch it . I do not recommend .
 Did not work at all ! had to return it ! We prefer the `` Tinkle Toons '' potty with a moisture sensor . the motion sensor on the royal potty did not work !
 I usually read reviews before I buy big ticket items , but rarely for less expensive items . Sure wish I would have read the reviews before buying this potty chair . It has been the worst purchase I have ever made ! My son does n't complain about the fit , but I definitly complain about having to clean up the floor everytime he uses it . He uses a step stool and the big potty at the sitters , which is what I am going to have him do at home , as I am sick of the mess . I took the batteries out of the potty shortly after buying it as I found it real irritating and never working right . I have bought Fisher - Price items for my children for over 25 years , but they really disappointed me on this item . I will be writing them a letter to let them know how I feel . Maybe the item has been updated since I bought mine -LRB- I 'm not sure , -RRB- but I would n't buy it because of my experience with this one . Do n't waste your money !
 The first thing my daughter did was stick her hand past the motion detector to make the music go off . I had to take the batteries out so the music feature was worthless . Then when she sat down to go , the pee went through the crack between the seat and the bowl , down the leg of the chair and into a puddle on the floor . There are so many crevices that it is impossible to clean , especially along the route from the crack between the seat and the bowl and down the leg of the chair . This thing is a JOKE . I am a sucker for buying .
 I bought this potty and thought it was great at first - and it was . Then after about three months , my sons pee would be on the floor instead in the bucket . Even when he sits down , it goes everywhere except in the bucket . I turned it over , examined it and still ca n't figure out why this is happening . I beleive the space between the bucket and the underside of the seat is not designed properly . There must be too much space in the slide slot to allow pee to run on the floor . It 's a mess !
 Our boy will be 3 in April 2004 . I bought this product when he was about 18 months old and beginning to be curious about the potty . It was fun for him to sit on to pretend with , but he really was n't ready to use it in earnest . The sound effects were fun for a while , but no one missed them when the battery ran out!Unfortunately , when he was truly ready for toilet training -LRB- about 4 months ago -RRB- , we discovered a number of crucial functionality problems : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Leaks - Despite the guard , urine shoots out between the underside of the seat and top of the `` catch bowl '' . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Puddles - When a leak occurs , urine puddles under the four large feet and requires cleaning a lot of floor space as well as the bottom of the feet . Potty chair puddles are not conducive to parent or child feeling good about the potty experience . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Not Toddler Proof - -LRB- a -RRB- Our son can easily pull the guard out and drop it in the catch bowl or toss it across the room while sitting on this potty . -LRB- b -RRB- He can -LRB- and does -RRB- easily reach down and pull out the catch bowl while the potty is in use . -LRB- c -RRB- He can -LRB- and does -RRB- remove the catch bowl after use by himself to bring us the product of his efforts , which has resulted in spills.Finally , our son actually prefers to use a real toilet ! We bought a 12 inch tall stool for him and he uses it to stand on while urinating , and to climb on to the seat and use as a foot rest while sitting on a potty insert.Bottom Line
 I bought this for my son , who is now two , for christmas ' 05 . His rear fits on it snugly and the guard on the front cuts into his legs so I have to take it off . It totaly defeats the purpose of the guard 'cause we ca n't use it.The music goes off everytime he moves ... not just when he goes potty , so he just thinks it is a fun toy instead of a potty chair and would rather play with it then sit on it . Not worth the money in my opinion ... I was very disapointed ... looking for something different .
 I bought this potty chair for my son and it is horrible . I wish i had read the reviews before making the purchase . It leaks every single time my son uses it . I have to keep a towel under the chair . Do not buy this product for boys .
 I purchased 2 of these potties to offer my son consistancy at my house and his grandma 's house . Both potties leak when he goes . We have tried having him sit forward and slightly back from the guard but nothing has worked . It is very poorly designed and do not recommend this product to anyone .
 I 'm glad to see that I 'm not the only one that 's had this problem with this potty ! We bought this over a year ago for our son to try to potty train him before he was 2 . He was absolutely amazed at the music when he went -LRB- even though it did n't always go when it was supposed to and sometimes went when it should n't -RRB- and always wanted to `` go potty . '' Unfortunately , he eventually tired of it and was no longer `` thrilled '' at the music . My biggest complaint , however , is that it leaks ! What good is a potty chair that wo n't hold the contents ?!?!? Somewhere between the guard and the bowl itself there 's obviously not a tight enough fit . I would 've thought they would 've tested this kind of thing before it was ever put on the market ! Do n't waste your money on this one .
 The reward chime was cute but oh so annoying , I let the batteries run out and never replaced them -LRB- mind you the chimes were the reason I chose this potty -RRB- OK and after my son finally got trained i noticed that everytime he went there was a huge puddle of urine on the floor , i am very disppointed with this potty and i am oh so ready to just toss it out and buy a cheap one that is practical and mess free . I say dont waste your money !!!
 My son is big for 2 years old . He still has his chubby baby legs . The opening was way too small for him . Plus we could n't even put the `` boy '' guard on because it would pinch his thighs . The reward sound would go off all the time even if he was n't going .
 My 20 month old daughter loves this potty . She has been going on it since she was 9 months old . 3 Complaints about it though . . -LRB- 1 -RRB- it doesnt seem very comfortable , -LRB- 2 -RRB- The music is annoying and distracts my daughter when she is trying to pee , -LRB- so i remved the batteries -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- This is the worst one . It leaks like crazy . I made it my mission to find out why . It has nothing to do with the bowl being placed in correctly . It has to do with the tiny gap between the bottom of the hole in the seat and the actual bowl . The pee runs down my daughters leg/butt towards the back or side and runs under the seat and in between the seat and bowl so it leaks out . So for all you people with leaks this is the reason as i spent so much time figuering out the problem .
 My mother-in-law bought this for my son . I , honestly , was n't thrilled with it from the moment we received it because of the music feature . It states that it is suppose to `` reward '' the child for going in the potty with `` royal music '' but it 's too distracting for him to focus on actually going to the bathroom ... therefore potty training is a joke ! It 's not easy to keep all the nooks clean , either.Plus , I can only get the thing to turn on by practically dropping it on the floor , and now my son does it too ! Once it 's dropped and finally on , all he want 's to do is stick his hand in the potty to make the `` royal music '' play . He has no interest in actually using it for it 's purpose!One more thing to take into consideration
 I really disliked this product . It leaked out between the potty and the bowl . It is also very difficult to clean . I noticed an odor from it one day so I started looking and found a lot of crevices that are impossible to get clean . I called Fisher-Price and they were very nice and sent me coupons for the amount I paid for it . I replaced it with an inexpensive potty without the musical feature .
 Seemed like a good motivator at the time we bought it . However , after the first couple of days , the batteries were removed . Every time you bump it , the music goes off . It 's too cute , my 3 year old daughter thinks it 's more of a toy than a functioning potty . She has yet to actually do anything on it . It gets more use as a chair or a pretend potty for her bear/doll menagerie . I also wish it had a lid on it . It sits between the toilet and the sink -LRB- the only place in our small bathroom that we can put it -RRB- , and we 're always knocking things off the sink into it , or kicking it -LRB- which is why we took the batteries out -RRB- . There are more sensible options out there .
 I had went and bought the royal potty for my son becasue it looked real cool . the first time he used it the legs fell off . every time he sits the right legs pop off . when he goes # 1 the hole is so tiny when he sits down the pee just dont make it in the hole . and the music i put batteries in and it just would not quit making music it is the worse potty ever . ADVICE . DONT BUY THIS POTTY IT REALLY IS A WASTE OF MONEY
 This is the absolute worse potty seat I have purchased . I thought the music reinforcement would be encouraging to my son -- however , the `` sensors '' are oversensative to say the least . If you just walk by the potty it begins playing . It is very annoying . Also it leaks . There is no seal between the seat and the bucket and I have had to mop my floor up several times . I hate this potty seat and have already purchased another with less bells and whistles . Actually praise and small reinforcers like stickers will go a lot further than the silly song played by this `` royal throne '' .
 As others have stated , this potty leaks . I have girls who have used it , and not realized it had leaked ... until the smell ... YUCK . Never put batteries in it so I ca n't comment there . The girls did love the book , but it was ruined in no time . Maybe a vinyl book would 've been better .
 We bought this potty chair for my son and have regreted it ever since . The chair leaks every time he goes in the potty . At first we thought we did n't have the bucket in correctly , but we have tried every way we can think to make minor adjustments so that we do n't end up with a mess . We even tried to show him how to hold his little parts down to avoid leaking and we still end up cleaning up the floor . Take it from me , buy a different potty chair . We eventually bought a new one ourselves because we just got to the point where we dreaded letting him go on the potty .
 This was a complete waste of my money . I bought this because my son loves music . The first one I brought home did not work -LRB- yes , I put batteries in it -RRB- . I took that one back and got another , and it does n't work either . I am taking this one back also and getting something else . This is a waste of money . Do n't buy this potty .
 My husband and I were having trouble getting our 2 year old interested in using the potty , so we bought this one because its suppose to play music . Well , it does sometimes , but most of the time it does n't work and our son is tall for his age so he has problems sitting down without hurting himself on the splashguard . The worst thing about this potty is that it leaks !! alot !!! and my son ends up with a huge puddle on the floor under his seat or worse , down his legs and all over his clothing . He feels bad about it and its not his fault ... the bowl does not fit tightly on the chair and even when he holds his penis down ... it still leaks out the sides of the bowl and all over the floor ... its a real mess . We are giving up on this chair and going with one that fits onto a regular toilet.best of luck with your choice !!!
 Personally , I think this is a great concept with a poor design . I have a little boy and well , every time we use the Royal Potty its a Royal Mess ! The way that the bowl is designed allows for a boy 's stream to come up over the bowl and then down the legs , all over the floor and sometimes on the clothing at his feet . This being said , we still use this potty seat because my son likes it . We have two houses and three bathrooms between them . We had this and another seat in our house and forgot to bring one back home . My son picked out this one as a replacement -- lucky me now I have two leaky seats ! It can be fixed by attaching a clear film -LRB- sheet protector -RRB- in the front inside rim . However , I like the music . My son will run to use the potty all by himself and I know when he has gone/is done by the music . We did need to have a talk about what goes in the potty but I was fine with that , it is not FP 's responsibility to teach my son not to put his hands and other items in the potty . As I said , I like the concept ... you have to make your own decision . Best of luck !
 My daughter loves to use her `` little potty '' but this design disaster leaks all over the floor and consequently all over her pants almost every time she uses it . I thought I would only have to clean the floor and her pants if she DID N'T make it to the potty . This thing is going in the trash as soon as we get a replacement .
 My 18 month old daughter likes to sit on the `` potty '' . When we first purchased the royal potty we placed it in her room , as instructed by baby books , as a furniture item -LRB- with the batteries in -RRB- . She wanted to step in the potty and stick her hand in it because the music went off . We promptly instructed her that this was not correct use of the new potty.A few weeks later we began real potty training -LRB- without the batteries -RRB- We had three pee pee 's and two bowel movements in two days.I decided we should put the batteries in for the music to reward her -LRB- even though she gets to put a penny in the piggy bank -RRB- . Putting the batteries in was a BIG mistake . She can see the ray of light and sticks her hand in the potty and forgets the tasks at hand . Daddy was very unpleased.The book is ok but does n't stay in the framed hole . The cute logo is on the book not the potty.It is very easy to assembly -LRB- no husband required -RRB- . It seems to be the right height for now but I can see it will get short in a hurry with a daughter off the charts in height . -LRB- 33 1/2 inches at 15 months -RRB- . The throne idea is cute but the music works when it wants to . It goes off when my daughter wiggles and not necessarily every time she goes potty.Disappointed , yes however I will probably keep it .
 My son is tall and the guard is not tall enough . And when `` it '' makes behind the guard , it leaks out !! He was freaked out by the red light -LRB- sensor -RRB- so we could not use it with batteries . BIG WASTE OF $ $ $
 My sister-in-law loved this potty for her daughter so I bought it for my son . It is not a good potty for boys ! While my son loves to sit on it and read -LRB- it seems to be comfortable -RRB- , and the splash guard works well , he pees though to space between the seat and cup every time . His clothes and my floor get soaked . Also , the music sensor does n't work well for boys because they pee down the splash guard instead of straight into the potty . I 'm getting rid of this potty .
 This potty is a great idea but it LEAKS ! When I bought it someone told me they had trouble with it and I thought I would try it out anyway - it leaks . I have made sure the cup is properly in place but it does n't matter , it still leaks .
 I HAPPILY BOUGHT THIS CHAIR FOR MY 18 MONTH OLD SON AND WAS SOON DISAPPOINTED AT ITS PERFORMANCE . FIRST OF ALL , THE MUSIC IS A DISTRACTION AND HE HAS SOON LEARNED THAT ANY SLIGHT MOVEMENT CAN CAUSE THE MUSIC TO ACTIVATE . THIS IN ITSELF HINDERS THE PROCESS OF TOILET TRAINING . IT ALSO LEAKS AND THE SEAT IS HARD AND UNCOMFORTABLE . EVEN WHEN HE DID GO POTTY , HE WAS NOT REWARDED WITH MUSIC OVER HALF OF THE TIME . FINALLY THE FACT THAT THE BOWL CAN BE PULLED OUT FROM THE FRONT IS A TERRIBLE DESIGN IDEA AND CAN EASILY BE REMOVED BY MY CHILD . THIS PRODUCT IS TERRIBLE !!!!!
 This potty is cute do n't get me wrong but the Music feature is too much of a distraction for first time potty users . My daughter quickly found the light sensor to make the potty play music and that was it for trying to go potty . It was more like a toy to play with for her than to actually sit and use the potty . I would n't recommend it at all
 MESSY !! MUSIC INCONSISTENT !! NOT FOR BOYS !! I suppose that a girl can use almost any potty . I have not found one yet that does not leak all over if a boy uses it . The music goes off at all times - but not at the right time . Another one bites the dust ... DO THEY CONSULT MOMS AND TEST THEM WHEN MAKING THESE ?
 I bought this for my son thinking it was cute . It is cute , but that 's the only postive thing I can say about it . The bowl and seat are way too small , and the arm rests come so far foward that there is no room for a child to spread their legs . The result -LRB- for a boy anyway -RRB- is the pee goes on the floor , or on you if you do n't get out of the way quick enough ! The music is inconsistant , it is triggered too easily so it is more of a distraction then an award . The little book constantly falls out of it 's holder . But the worst thing is the bowl is pulled out from the front , making this a great play toy for a curious toddler , but not fun for mommy . My son keeps reaching between his legs and whipping out the bowl . Like many of the other mom 's that have reviewed this , I am chucking this one and looking for a better model .
 * The potty basin is the smallest I have ever seen ! * My son is only 17 months - around 24 lbs . He 's not a big kid , especially compared to potty training 3 year olds . When he sits on it , the width from front to back is not big enough . If his behind is over the potty basin in the back , then his front parts are too far in the front and he urinates on the floor . I wo n't use the deflector - they 're too dangerous when getting on and off . * The potty basin comes out too easily ! * My son saw me pull out the basin and empty it ONE time before he figured out that he could pull it out himself while sitting on the potty ! This has resulted in numerous accidents on the floor after he has pulled the basin out . I was thinking about trying to super glue it or duct tape it in and just pick up the whole potty when I need to dump it . Fisher Price obviously did not test this feature with children ! * The sound effects are inconsistent . * They 're not too loud or too bothersome , but they 're signaled by a little red light at the back of the toilet -LRB- like those auto-flush toilets in the mall - they detect your movement and flush themselves -RRB- . Well , this red light detects his movements and plays a little tune when he sits down ... or when he moves side to side , or when he sits up or when he sits back ... pretty much constantly ! And the little red light is so much fun to play with when he is not on the toilet - just too fascinating for a toddler who loves to touch everything ! A bright red light is like a beacon toward an unsanitary potty ! * The book that comes with the potty is CHEAP ! * I guess Fisher Price could n't afford to make it a board book . This cheap little thing is printed on cardstock with ONE staple in the center . How long is that going to last ? And the book is supposed to have neat little storage place on the potty , but it is on the BACK of the chair ! How many toddlers can sit on the potty and reach over the back of the chair behind them ? And what if you want to put the potty against a wall - the most likely place ?? I really wonder if Fisher Price did ANY product testing with this item . I am highly disappointed with this one !
 It is supposed to reward with music but for the new at potty training every time you fidget just a little the music starts and by the time it finishes it only starts again , by the time something does happen the child is tired on the music and does not realize its a reward !! Also sudden loud sounds set it off , like the toilet seat falling . I was not impressed at all .
 I was immediately sold , when I was told of the features of this potty . The potty detector and the music it plays were the things that got me . However , just as the other moms have stated , this `` Royal Potty '' has its issues . The potty sensor is super-sensitive and comes on even if someone just walks by it , the music plays when no one is in the bathroom , which is pretty creepy , and on top of all that , the hole is too small for BM 's , so it ends up everywhere except in the pot . NOT A GOOD THING !!
 I bought this potty about six months ago thinking this would get my little boy interested . It worked well for about a week . My son was n't interested in it unless it made noise before he sat on it , so he would wave his hand in it and then sit on it do his buissness -LRB- sometimes -RRB- . Anyways , after a week it stopped making the little music sounds no matter what you did . I cleaned it after every use and even changed the batteries . Then every time my son peed in it it leaked out all over the floor . It seems as though if you pull out the little cup too much , it does n't slide back in the right way anymore . So , this is not a good toilet trainer , I ended up buying an 8 buck seat you put on your toilet and he likes to use that one more because it 's the `` big potty '' !
 At first , I thought this potty was a God-send . It was stable so my above average 2 year was n't able to flip it over as easily as some of the others we tried . It is generally pretty easy to clean up too . HOWEVER , as other reviewers have noted , this potty LEAKS UNBELIEVABLY ! Every time he went , it would just shoot out the gaps between the chair and the removable seat . At first I thought it was n't together right , but indeed it was ! He 's finally begun using it regularly , so I 've had newspaper under him and the Resolve carpet cleaner ready . Talk about inconvenient . I just went out and bought another one thinking this was defective . Same thing happend . They 're both going back and I found one that does n't leak . Maybe it 's better for girls . Less of an angle ! If you have a boy , do n't go with this model or buy stock in Resolve . : -RRB-
 This is one of the biggest wastes of money I 've spent . The music does n't play when it 's supposed to . It may be okay for girls , but my grandson uses it and we have to clean the floor afterward . The cup does n't fit up tight and he urinates between the potty and the cup , therefore it goes all over the floor.Don ' t ignore the reviews as I did and buy it anyway . It is n't worth the money !
 I bought this for my son , although he likes to use the `` baby '' potty , I wish I never bought it . I guess my som likes it because it 's his size , but the batteries run out quickly , the music plays whenever something goes by it , and it LEAKS !!!! I am very UNHAPPY with this product !!!
 Let me begin . At first when we read about it 's features , we liked that it made noise , had a nice design , and a book ... Well , the only thing I kinda liked/then cared less for is that the legs of the chair come off and you can then attach the main part to the toilet . It was a PAIN removing it ! I understand they would n't want your kid to fall off or pull it off but it still needs improvement . Ugh ... My daughter peed once I believe in it , it did n't take her long to rip the short story book , so there goes the book ! The music turns on from a sensor that does n't even work most the time -LRB- batteries die REALLY fast too -RRB- and it kept my daughter trying to stick her hand in the potty -LRB- what parent needs more stress ? -RRB- just so she could hear the royal noise.This thing is basically ok if you want you kid to sit and see how you go potty , but my daughter did n't get trained with it . We bought her a regular Dora the explorer that goes on the ` big ' toilet and she was potty trained in 3-5 days max with my help of keeping her OFF diapers for all those days -LRB- lots of accidents , but by the 3rd day she got the idea that she can do this ... go to the toilet -RRB- just not in the Royal Potty.Buy it if you wish , because I myself always want the ` best , and best looking ' things for my daughter , but I trully regret buying it . It 's now sitting in the other bathroom and she still does n't use it .
 Thought the music would be a great `` reward '' for my son , however , he must have the techie gene because he figured out right away when he put his hand over the red light beam he could activate the music . Also , every time he sits to go , with the cup installed , it leaks all over the place . The only saving grace on this is that the seat can be removed and placed on a toilet .
 PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT . It leaks which make potty training for my son and daugher very frustrated .
 We have had this potty probably 9 months now . When we first got it , it worked perfectly , music played when it was supposed to etc. . Now as my 2 year old is getting more serious about potty training the music wo n't work when it is supposed to , it leaks on the floor even though the shield is in place and he has tucked himself . I took it apart , cleaned it , and reassembled , and it still leaks .
 I bought this for my 16mth old daughter . I 've been working on potty training her however the back of the seat is so small on space that her poor little butt sits half on the back of the seat and half over the seat . This is not only uncomfortable for her but it leaves her poor hind end red and raw because of the lack of space for her to sit on . The seat leaves much to be desired ! Having said that , it 's very easy to clean up and I like the fact that it not only has a back for her to lean against but it also has handles for her to hold on to .
 This potty chair LEAKS VERY BADLY !!!!! Pee gets on the floor EVERY stinkin ' time AND on my son 's feet . The opening is WAY to small to go number 2 in . It is very messy business to clean up afterwards . I am VERY disappointed with it . Buy this ONLY if you want to waste your money . Plus , the sensors for the music are WAY to sensitive and go off when no one is even in the room ! Ugh . : -LRB-
 When my husband and I were at the store to purchase our daughters first potty , we chose this model
 I bought this seat for my son thinking that he would use it and start potty training . Instead he 'd rather play with it . No matter whether it is put together on the floor or on the big potty , he 'd rather put his hands in the hole to make the music play . He thinks the legs and the bowl are fun toys too.And with the batteries installed , any little thing turns the seat on ! It needs to have an on/off switch.I will definately be looking for a different potty seat .
 My 21 month old daughter sits on the Royal Potty like it is a chair but refuses to use it as a `` potty . '' The music only plays when you move the potty from place to place , and once when she did actually `` go '' in the potty , there was no music . The small book that comes with the potty falls apart very quickly . Fisher-Price usually makes good quality products . Unfortunately , they really bombed with this one . This potty got the royal flush from our house ... it will be sold in our garage sale .
 I bought this for my 2yr old son based on bells and whistles without researching it first . That was a big mistake . The whole thing is kind of small , the splash guard is totally ineffective , and it cuts into his thighs . The worst thing is that he pees right over it -LRB- and on it -RRB- almost every time . It comes out easily , so he likes to take it off and throw it YUCK ! Words can not describe my frustration ! Also , he has learned that if he rocks back it activates the music . When he goes back forward he pinches his `` stuff '' in the splash guard . If you have a little boy , please consider a potty with a better better splash guard -LRB- deflector -RRB- .
 Every time my daughter -LRB- 20 months -RRB- uses the potty her first reaction is to pull the pan from under the potty ... causing the floor to get wet . The pan comes out from the front ... did they think about which age group would be using this potty ?
 It leaks like crazy and the seat opening itself is too small . The splash guard is way too small and does n't work very well either . I am throwing this away and going shopping for a new potty chair . Every time my child goes potty , no matter which way I sit him , the thing leaks and there ends up being a big puddle underneath . He does n't like his feet getting wet , and I do n't like having a puddle to contend with in the mornings when I am trying to run out the door for work ! It is very unsanitary in my opinion and they need to take it off the market !
 I normally am an avid researcher before I purchase these kind of products that I am very umfamiliar with . When we had to begin the potty training journey for our 2 1/2 year old son , I went to a BBRU and stood for quite some time staring at the different potty chair options . I finally went with the Royal Potty because I thought the music would be a good incentive for him to want to use the chair . Great concept in theory , but this particular product needs refining because there were too many negatives and I inevitably purchased a different potty seat.Some of the problems I faced were :1 - The music kept going off at random times . He 'd be sitting on it and the fanfare would play when my son was n't actually `` going '' . It gave the little guy such false hope ! 2-The bowl is pretty small and difficult to remove . You have to give it a little tug to get it to come out . My son would always want to `` help '' and really created more of a mess than it was worth.3-The seat has so many cracks and crevices that it was difficult to clean and sanitize . Also , it would leak a bit here and there.4-My son is on the little side for his age - he 's a skinny little thing . And bless his heart for sitting on that potty trying so hard , but when he got up his bottom was redder than a cherry . I felt so bad for him and ca n't imagine that it could have been comfortable for him.The crown stickers , chart and book were cool and he enjoyed that aspect but I knew that for my own piece of mind that we needed a different potty . We ended up with the Training Rewards Soft Seat Potty & Stepstool by Graco and are thrilled with it . Soft cushiony seat for his behind , bigger bowl , much easier to clean , and overall just a better product . Good luck !
 The only positive thing I can say about this potty is that I never had a problem with it leaking . Of course ... my daughter only ever used it two times . Reason number one is that it was VERY uncomfortable for her . Because there is no padding on the seat , after sitting for just a few minutes -LRB- which as you know is a part of potty training -RRB- , her bottom would have a red mark from the seat cutout and she wanted to get off . At first I thought she just was n't ready for potty training . Then ... I bought another potty with a padded seat -LRB- because I was SO annoyed by the super sensetive `` music '' that played every time except when it was supposed to ! -RRB- and she sat fine and is potty training great now . This potty was not worth the money . A rare fisher price mistake .
 I bought this potty seat for my son thinking it looked great and fisher-price ALMOST ALWAYS makes great things , but I was wrong with this one . First of all , the music plays only when the chair is moved ... it hardly plays when my son goes potty on it . Secondly , I would NOT recommed this seat for a boy . The `` protector '' is there for decoration only , at least that 's what it seems to me ... and let 's not even talk about the book that was easily torn apart by a 15 month old ... I should have bought the potty chair that can also be used as a stool , at least I could have got some use out of that ...
 I bought this seat because of the musical reward . My daughter was 18 mos . old at the time and got a kick out of the music , although she did n't start using the seat until she was 26 mos . old . By then the batteries had died so the music was not a factor in her use of the potty . The big problem with the seat is that , unless she sits all the way back and completely straight , we have a bigger puddle on the floor than in the seat ! I am buying a different seat for her as I am tired of the double clean-up .
 I choice this potty chair because of the music playing feature . My 18 month old loves music , so I figured this would be a great reward for `` going '' . First of all , I should have looked at the `` function '' of the potty before looking at the extras . The bowl is very small and the guard for boys is pretty much useless . My son is average size , but barely fit on on the bowl . His little legs kept getting pinched between the guard and the sides . I guess it was a $ . . learning experience and I will know what to look for now .
 Not for my 2 1/2 yr . old son . The deflector does not work for him and the pee goes in between the cup and removable tray . Leaving me with a mess every time . Also , the music sometimes just plays all be itself and is very annoying . I do not recommend this product .
 We got it as a gift for Christmas . Just started using it with my son who is 27 months . I do n't know if it 's because he 's a boy but for some reason it leaks all over the floor . The urine comes out of the front between the bowl and the potty seat . Aweful !!!!!
 I received this as a gift for my daughter . She is 2 and a half and this chair has not helped at all in potty training . The chimes ring whenever she sits on it , and then she wants to stand up and see if she went . Not only that but it chimes in the bathroom , when someone walks by and randomly on it 's own . Also the legs detach so that you are able to place it on the toilet , but it `` locks in place '' and is a real pain to take on and off of the big toilet . I would NEVER buy this product or recommend it to someone .
 This potty leaks ! My son only uses it while sitting down with the urine guard in place but after each use there is a large puddle of urine on the floor . Like a previous reviewer I studied it carefully -LRB- I am an engineer -RRB- and came to the same conclusion - the space between the bowl and chair is too great . Yuck !
 My son absolutely loves this chair . &#60; br / &#62; I on the other hand want to throw it out the window . The sounds and lights only worked for a week . My son could n't get over the spash guard without hurting himself , so he took that part off . Also it leaks as the catcher is separate from the chair , boys tend to pee through the crack .
 I got this potty as a shower gift . The concept is cute . My 2 year old liked the sound effects when he sat , and went . However , it leaks every time he urinates !!! And frankly I am tired of cleaning up pee , so its extra work ! They need to perfect the design . I know two other peple with the same potty and they have the same complaint . It works best when you attach it to the regular toilet . In my opinion do not buy this product , if you get it as a gift hopefully you get a gift reciept !
 This potty is pretty pointless . If the music would work correctly , then that would be a really good reward system . The music starts everytime my daughter moves , while she is sitting on the potty . I would just buy a plain potty over this one , if I had to do it again .
 My 18 mo old son started using the potty almost naturally but everytime he would go pee it would leak . The design of the splash guard is poor because you see the gap between that and the bowl . The guard seems to pinch his legs -LRB- average sized child -RRB- and the potty seemed a bit small . Wish I had read all the reviews on this one before I bought it .
 From cars to paperclips and everything in between , this is the absolute worst product I have ever purchased . It leaks 95 % of the time around where the bowl meets the potty . I did more cleaning up than anything with this potty . Unless you want to be on your hands and knees cleaning up puddles all day , do not purchase this potty . A true disappointment from Fisher Price .
 As a faithful Fisher Price consumer I rushed out to buy this potty when the time came to begin the long tenuous journey of potty training my 2 year old son . We loved how excited our son got when he realized that it played music , however it was n't until he actually started utilizing it for its true purpose that we realized what a huge mistake this potty was . First of all , it breaks down into 5 pieces . You -LRB- maybe like me -RRB- may think that this would be great because it would make for easy cleaning . That in itself may be true , but for those of us with little boys it only means that all the cracks and crevices that are present in this chair are opportunities for liquids that go astray to dry on the insides of the chair and eventually drain onto the floor . In order to clean it properly and avoid foul odors you need to break it completely down into the five pieces each and every time it is used . I am severely disappointed in this product and I would NEVER recommend it to another parent .
 I was very disappointed in this item . I thought it would be fun for my son to learn with . He is small for his age -LRB- 2 yrs old -RRB- and still the seat and the splash guard pinched him . The hole is the smallest I 've seen on any potty and I 'm not sure how any child could aim correctly , boy or girl . I was surprised when I pulled it out of the box.This is the first product review I 've written but had to share because it was such a bad experience . I 've been very happy with other fisher price products.My son is potty trained now and we used the Graco which was a great chair . It had no music but he did n't really get excited by the royal music because he would just cry `` No , owie potty - It hurts Mommy '' . Not a good experience for a toddler.I hope fisher price reworks a good concept but bad product .
 This was the worst potty ever . I bought it for my 2 year old son cause it looked different & it looked like it would be more fun but its the worst . Everytime he pees it leakes !!! I ended up getting a new one cause I thought there was something wrong with it but the new one also leakes . Plus the music is the worst . Every time you walk near the bathroom it goes off & the stupid red light stayes on which means the batteries keep dying . I thought Fisher Price was a good company ?
 I couldnt get my son past trying to make the light go on and the music play , which is WAY too easy . There should be an on off switch , a bigger seat and a much less sensitive mechanism to trigger the music . It is also way too difficult to detach the seat from the legs in order to use the seat on an adult toilet bowl .
 I purchased this product under the assumption that it was the top of the line model . Unfortunately , my 2 year old son ended up paying for my mistake . We had a very difficult time just trying to fit him on it . Because he is big for his age , 41 lbs . at his 2 yr . visit , it was almost impossible for him to get comfortable on it , and when I finally got him on , I coul n't get him back off without causing some level of discomfort . Also , did I mention the fact that this model was most likely designed for little girls !! After 2 long days , we called it quits and moved on to another model .
 I bought this potty chair because it looked different and i thought it would help but its just annoying more than anything . the music goes off when you walk past it or even when the cat does . and when my daughter sits on it it doesnt play music until she figits around and then it goes off every time she figits . theres a little red light to that completely distracts her cause all she wants to do is stick her finger on it and make noise . and the thing that holds the potty comes out extra easy . i would return it if i coul
 My little 2 year old daughter quickly learned that she could activate the motion detector in the potty by sticking her hand in it ! She started having a blast with it playing the `` fanfare '' with her hand that I had to take the batteries out for fear that she would try this after she used it . So the motion detector was totally useless for us . After a while I put it away and went back to the store to get the plain plastic Safely First potty . I do n't want to teach her that sticking her hands in the potty is ok !! I 'm surprised the designers of the potty did n't think of this ! Do not buy if your toddler is mischevious at all -LRB- and which ones are n't ? -RRB-
 This potty is so awful i have a little boy who is 2 it doesnt even fit him ... not wide enough hes not even a chubba : -RRB- The pee pee also does not stay in the potty because nothing lines up right . In my opinion it is flimsy and the pieces dont go together well .
 I 've used Avent bottles since my daughter was born , and a Hygeia pump , and I 've never had any problems with any of them . I got these sealing disks intending to send bottles to daycare - I 'm not sure what 's wrong but I ca n't get a seal . Everything leaks , whether it 's the 4 oz . bottle or the 9 oz . We tried snapping the disk into the ring as tightly as possible , and also laying it in more loosely before screwing down the ring , and in both cases , milk leaks out of the bottom of the cap , where the ring meets the bottle . I 'm really disappointed , since it would have been a great solution for us .
 we bought this sealing discs to store the access milk in the refrigerator but i was surprised that they do n't fit the avent bottles the i bought , so we ended up throwing them in the trash , if u wan na store milk just use the plastic bags which are cheaper and more effective .
 While these discs will still fit on the top of an Avent Natural bottle and hold a seal , they do n't fit snugly in the nipple hole like they do with Avent Classic bottles . So milk wo n't leak or spill , but when you unscrew the ring , you have two pieces to mess with . Unfortunately I was n't able to find a sealing disc for the Natural bottles - hopefully they 're coming soon !
 These really dont do anything special . I cant find a use for them . The AVENT bottles are a great way to waste your money . Shame on Philips for guilting people into buying AVENT products . There are many many many more products that will do the same thing for 1/5 the price
 It 's weird , but with some bottles they work and with others not . It 's really a pity because the price is fair .
 I was terribly disappointed in this . Beware if you are looking for a firm , supportive pillow , this is NOT it.The fabric is rough and the stuffing/filler is so cheap . The pillow is super light weight nothing like the density of a Bobby or other pillows . My baby sunk right down in the pillow and I could n't get the shape to support her . I guess the design is a great idea but the product fails to do what it promises . I am small breasted and need to hold my baby up higher and right against me . I was looking for a firm pillow that could allow me to relax my arm without supporting her whole weight . I ended up with the `` My Breast Friend '' pillow and LOVE IT !
 Five years of breastfeeding and three babies into this -LRB- including a 22 lb five month old -RRB- and a friend absolutely insisted I try her pillow because it would be a lifesaver.Not impressed.Personally , it felt incredibly strange to have this HUGE thing around me . I worried it would make me too comfortable and prone to falling asleep and the baby would be at risk of suffocation . It seems counterintuitive to purposely place a baby on a soft surface in a sleepy situation when literature dictates time and time again that something like this is precisely what should be kept away from baby . Go ahead , send me nasty comments about how you will never fall asleep nursing your baby , but it happens . And all it takes is one time under the wrong circumstances . It just seems dangerous.Even if it did n't seem dangerous , it 's hot , and it feels cheaply constructed.Honestly , you will get used to the weight of your baby . They start out tiny and you grow together . Plus , unless it 's your first , you are probably going to be spending a LOT of time nursing while doing other things . Do you really want this flying saucer around your waist while trying to check on other kids , do chores , etc ? I do n't .
 I wanted a nursing pillow to prop up my reflux baby , and this one did not do the job . The stuffing is so soft baby sinks into it . Its much smaller than it appears and has no belts or anything to go around you , its literally a pillow . The breast friend with a pillow stuffed under it does a much better job .
 This product is so close to being awesome . I 'm tall , 6 ' 1 and thought this was going to be a godsend for nuring . I tried using it several times but its slippery and not comfortable . It does n't BOOST enough and the baby it awkward laying on it .
 I love the shape and height of this pillow , but it 's just too soft for nursing . The lack of support causes the baby to `` slip '' forward . It 's a very light-weight pillow and tends to shift a lot on your lap . Also , the cheap filling tends to bunch up and become misshapen after only a few washes .
 The pillow looks good until you try it ! Too soft , baby practically roll soff . I returned it immediately .
 We looked at the box and the picture is deceiving . It makes the gate look simple to use by the click of a button . We have 4 other kids ages 4-9 the need to pass through the nessesary area and they ca n't even wor it with two hand let alone one . Opening it was easy for the adults but reconnecting the locking system was difficult . I would oly recomend it if the area to be gated was not used all the time .
 I had my husband put this up - we needed to add our own 1 x 4 wood to screw in the gate to the wall - their screws are lame so we used our own wood screws too-only to find this gate is way too hard to open/close . We took it down and returned it . This was for a kitchen entrance where there is high traffic , and each time we go through this gate , we had to be very patient , for it is wobbly and you need to latch it shut - have it aligned just right and it is soooo frustrating ! The sliding door sticks and gets stuck every time so you need to push and pull to get it to slide open or shut.Once you can get it to slide open , it swings out which is great , but do n't waste your time and money !
 This gate is awful . It 's a good price but not at all easy to open and close . My older children have trouble opening it and closing it . Lining it up and then having to push pretty hard to get it latched is to difficult for the older kids . I would not recommend this gate . The Hands Free gate is so much easier , I just wish it went in bigger openings .
 I have the smaller version of this gate and I HATE it . I bought so I could keep my daughter in the living room and out of every other room that is n't baby proofed and first off it was near impossible to install , secondly , it 's impossible to open it after it 's installed , third , it broke less than 24 hrs after it was installed so now my daughter can open the thing and let herself roam about the apartment . It 's a wonderful concept but this gate is plain trash . I would n't buy it again I would rather have the regular old pressure mounted one . Oh and it took so many tries to install this gate that I now have all sorts of holes in my door frame which by the way has beautiful wood trim from the 50s and 60s .
 The picture on the box is deceiving . It makes it look like this thing is a breeze to install and operate . When you get it home and open the box , there are 4 large cheap plastic panels that look ugly . The when you try to open the gate , you best have both hands free or you wont get through . Try to open the gate with one hand , while your other hand is full , no way.To mount it to the wall , you have to drill pilot holes for the screws , 14 of them and thats alot to patch when you take it down to return it . The screws arent long enough to hold it under any type of force applied to the gate . The locking mechanism is horrible , you have to use both hands to lock and unlock it , its basically like putting two pieces of plastic puzzle together and if you dont get it just right , it wont lock . If you have molding on the bottom of your walls , you will have to mount it above the molding . I wouldnt recommend this gate to anyone . There are other gates that are alot easier to install and open and close .
 Although the gate was not hard to install , it was nearly impossible to get it to latch , even when aligned properly . The one time I could get it to latch , it was very flimsy . I have taken it down and I am returning it . I am not going to fight with this gate for the next several years . It is cheap for a reason .
 This gate is awful !! As a mom of multiples you could not work this gate with 1 in your arm , 1 on your leg , and 1 crawling right for you . I could n't open it easily and it was not stable with children hitting and leaning on it . It was easy to put up but I was happy to get it down .
 i just bought it an hour ago and we are returing them both tomorrow.it is such a pain to close and open.if you had an easy time with it you are lucky.i bought it because overall it had good reviews , but not for me.also i pinched my pointer finger trying to close it and it hurts like hell.i have to use both hads to close and i really have to tug on it to close it .
 Loved this gate until my son . . 17 months . . learned to climb ! He puts his toes in the gate and just climbs up and over it ! It is attached to the kitchen counter , so he climbs up the gate on the counter and , well . . you can imagine the rest ! So if you have a climber I would recommend one that has the long slats vs one that has `` holes '' in it for their toes . .
 I really am not happy with this gate . It is hard to open , takes two hands , and just seems cheaply made . It does n't slide easily , so if you do n't have all the panels open , watch that it does n't pinch your figers!Spend a bit more money and get a different gate , this was one of the only ones at the store when I bought it . I wish I had waited .
 We got this gate and found it was just awful ! We have a large space to block , and this gate seemed to fit the bill - inexpensive , large , plastic -LRB- lightweight -RRB- ... until you install it ! First , you get to drill 16 screw holes in your walls , and if you have moulding along the floor -LRB- as most homes do -RRB- , the company recommends you buy extra moulding strips to run up along the wall so the braces are vertical right from the floor , which you will want to paint first before installing . You will need to screw these into studs -LRB- or use anchors - also tears up your wall -RRB- . Then it takes TWO hands to open and close this gate ... who 's got those when lugging around baby and equipment ? If they would have make the latching mechanism a little bit longer , then it would be easier to wrestle into position . The gate is designed to flex , which is a bit scary if you plan to put it at the top of your staircase . The company tech support is great , but hopefully when you buy a product , you wo n't have to use them much . I do not recommend this product . Try the wooden ones from Evenflo - we liked them much better , and they 're around the same price .
 We have twins and ease of use was just as important as the fit . This thing DOES NOT slide easily ! It swings open very well but if you need it to slide before you swing it good luck . I am not tall enough to climb over this gate and have to use it a million times a day . I am very dissapointed with this gate and will be taking the other three I purchased back !
 We were happy to finally find a gate that fits the irregular opening at the top of our stairs for such a great price . The gate installed quickly and everything seemed great until we tried to open the latch . There is nothing easy about this latch and even my husband -- who is a pro with anything even slightly mechanical -- had trouble and agreed the value of the gate was n't worth the fight we had to go through to open it . We had to press down on the tiny square latch release with all our might and then wiggle the gate until it popped off the mounting ! I could n't imagine trying to open the gate while holding a baby !
 This product is not sturdy enough . It is good up to about 14 months and then after that it was n't as useful . Concept is great , but not functional for me .
 After waiting an additional 3 weeks from the time I got the Superyard , I tried to fit the extension onto the Superyard as it was much needed . IT DID N'T WORK ! I guess you are supposed to get 2 of the extensions , but I still do n't see how they would fit . Neither myself or my husband could figure out how to connect the extension to the superyard ; nothing we tried worked . -LRB- And yes , we read the directions -RRB- As soon as I can figure out how to return this thing , it 's going back ! It was a waste , as was the Superyard ...
 I have had my gate for about two mo. . My 15 mo old son is only 2 '' taller than the gate and he can scale it with ease . I bought the gate for its height and sturdyness but never imagined he could climb it . the gate has a perfect step in the hole in the middle it makes it very easy to escape . I am returning my gate and finding one that does not have foot holes that help childrens scale the gate ...
 My husband and I bought this gate to use at the top of our staircase . It appeared to be the best buy for the money . Well , we were wrong . The screws that come with the product to mount it are not long enough to go through the sheetrock into the stud . Position the gate on the brackets , and the weight of the gate pulls the screws out of the wall.In addition to that , the swing hardware is designed wrong . The part that makes the gate swing is longer than the bracket in the wall , so just swinging the gate open PUSHES the brackets -LRB- with their puny little screws -RRB- out of the wall . I do n't know how it works as a pressure gate , because we only have need for a gate at the stairs , so it went back to the store , but DO NOT buy this gate for stairway use .
 We purchased this gate to mount between a wall & wrought iron railing at the top of a staircase . We had a difficult time trying to find a gate that could be mounted in these conditions so we were excited to find this one.My husband installed the gate after having to purchase new screws because the ones that came with the gate were really short & stripped easy in the iron railing.Our gate is n't sturdy at all . In fact , it seems pretty flimsy ... and it is installed correctly . I would n't trust it to hold the weight of my -LRB- 17 lb -RRB- daughter if she were to stand up and lean on it . We will keep it up until we can find a replacement.I think it would be ok if it was n't mounted at the top of the stairs . Someone had mentioned in a previous review that it was easy to climb and I can see how that would be the case . The little holes are perfect little steps.Bottom line , I would not recommend this gate for the top of a stairway . Just in a hallway ... may be ok but I 'm sure you could find better . Pretty disappointing .
 While the gate is sturdy one it is up , it is hard to put up and take down . There is a ratchet mechanism that turns and then locks into place . I originally bought two of these gates when we first got a puppy and tried to use them when we had twin boys . It worked well for the puppy but so well for the twins . By the time you get it up or down your kids are already where you do n't want them to be . Not the point of a gate ! There are much easier gates to open and close .
 I thought this gate was a wonderful deal for the price and the fact you could use it on the stairs . Boy , was I wrong ! It works horrible on the stairs . The hinges the company sent are xxx . The gate is constantly falling off them when you open it to go up the stairs .
 We bought this gate to use at the top of stairs because you can screw it into the wall . It seems sturdy enough for my 20 pound crawling 10 month old ... but it is not very easy to open and close . It definitely takes two hands which I do n't have when holding my daughter . I am going to return it and buy a gate with a handle that is sturdy at the same time .
 I have two large , young dogs who love to play with cats , and a mother cat with four young kittens . I bought this gate to use across the hallway that leads to the cats ' bedroom so they 'd have a place of refuge . It did n't look too sturdy even in the store , but my criteria was that it needed to be a swinging gate so I can open it and roll my laundry cart into the laundry room down the same hall , and it needed to be cheap . We 've had trouble with it pulling out of the wall when the dogs try to stand up on it to peer at the cats . It worked fine as a pressure gate until we could get to the store to purchase wall anchors instead of the worthless screws that came with the gate . But now there 's four huge holes in the wall , which will someday need patching . And because we missed slightly on the measurements , we need to purchase washers or something to get the gate to fit more tightly in the brackets , so that it will swing without wobbling . The latch on the gate has also been a bit of a problem , requiring a little time and patience to latch it each time it 's opened . I would NOT use this gate for kids of any age , but despite the problems I 've had , I have been able to figure out a solution to each problem the gate has presented . I 'm relatively happy with its performance in protecting my cats ' area from dog invasion .
 A little over a year ago I had a dog who had seziures and rammed her head into things . I bought the supergate to keep her confined to one room for safety . The gate lasted about a week and the plastic parts that made it extend & retract broke . IF THIS GATE COULD NOT HOLD BACK A WEAK AND SICKLY DOG THAN HOW COULD IT HOLD BACK A DETERMINDED TODDLER ? I am now pregnant and KNOW that the supergate is not good enough for my family ! -LRB- children or dogs -RRB-
 Bought this product on the recommendation of a friend . Paid $ 17.99 . The day the product arrived , I noticed it was now priced at $ 5 less than what I paid . Very disappointing the prices can fluctuate that much within a few days . Especially because I almost did n't buy it because it was such an expensive item .
 The table was the last in stock at the time , and arrived crushed into splinters on several large edges . We returned it and got the Pottery Barn version for a little more money . I 'm glad we got the better one .
 I ordered this table in honey and it arrived damaged . Customer Service at the supplier was excellent and they shipped another table to me immediately . The second table also arrived damaged . In both cases the top was split along at least one side starting at a corner -LRB- like it had been dropped on a corner -RRB- . Both tables had damage to the corners on several side and top trundle pieces . One table came with instructions for a mission bench -LRB- not the table -RRB- . Unfortunately , I was told that the table is no longer stocked in the honey finish so the vendor is having UPS pick both damaged tables up from my home -LRB- free of charge -RRB- . The quality of the table is not high , but it is attractive for a play table . I 'm disappointed that I was n't able to get a complete , unbroken table because the look is great -- especially for the price . In the case of this table you do get what you pay for . I can not speak highly enough of customer service at the Amazon vendor , though !
 The idea of this product is awesome but since it only has adhesive on two sides my daughter very easily figured out how to tear it off .
 We tried these after getting one of the portable mats that did n't work out . This item too did n't work for us . It wo n't stick it there is a table cloth . Then 9 time out of 10 when we would get it stuck our daughter would pull it up with one hand ! It really ended up being more trouble than it was worth.We started carrying a package of cleaning wipes in her bag ... we wipe down her part of the table really well and let her have at it . At 14 months she does n't really make too much of a mess and if she does we just had an extra couple of bucks for a tip and apologize for the mess on the way out .
 It 's a great idea but it does n't work . I bought it and tried it after a small glass of beer . It turned green , meaning there was alcohol in my breastmilk . Astonished by the result , I put some water on a different strip and got the same result .
 Im not sure if these things work or not but for me every time i drink i wait a hr for every drink . Well i stopped drinking bout 1am & drank at least 8 mixed drinks & 3 shots . Its now 7:30 am & i tested both breast & they both came out clean . I would of deff thought that they would have came out not clean bc i drank alot lol , so im gon na wait till the afternoon to breastfeed him just to be on the safer side . Also not sure if this makes a difference , but im 5 ' 9 210lbs . idk if that makes a difference for alcohol cosumption .
 the cut off of detection for these is 13mg/dl of alcohol - one drink has about 13-14 GRAMS per 50ml , if you do the conversion a regular shot of alcohol has a concentration of about 28,000 mg/dl . It does n't seem like the cut off point for these of 13mg/dl could be detrimental to a baby , even if it is only 8 lbs and has an immature liver . There 's traces of jet fuel , flames retardants from furniture , etc in your breast milk for pete 's sake
 After using the strips a few times , and pumping and dumping during those sessions after drinking 1-2 drinks , I decided to try it to see if it would detect any alcohol the following morning -LRB- 10 hours after my second glass of white wine the preceding evening -RRB- . It turned dark green-blue , indicating that I had a significant amount of alcohol in my milk . No way . The instructions do admit the test is ultrasensitive , sometimes being affected even by vapors in the air ... but even in the absence of cleaning products or other sources of alcohol in the area , it still is way too sensitive in my opinion . I agree with a previous reviewer ... use common sense , and wait the 3 hours for each drink consumed . This test is too expensive and too sensitive to be useful in my opinion .
 Alcohol in moderation is absolutely fine while nursing a baby . The amount of alcohol in the milk is comparable to the amount in the blood -- so if a woman is legally drunk , her milk is about .07 % alcohol -- similar the the level of alcohol found in unfermented fruit juice . The occassional baby wo n't like to nurse after mom drinks because he does n't like the taste/odor of the milk , and some mothers find that let-down is inhibited after drinking , but test strips will serve no purpose in these situations . What matters is the baby 's reaction , not what the strip shows . -LRB- And if a mother is drunk enough that her milk could even remotely risk harming her baby , she 's probably too drunk to even be handling her baby ... if not actually unconcious from alcohol poisoning . -RRB- I fear that products like this just encourage belief that breastfeeding is impossibly limiting for most mothers , and that it 's easier to just feed formula.Enjoy a drink -LRB- or two -RRB- if you wish , and go ahead and nurse your baby , and spend your $ 20 on something useful or enjoyable for you and/or your baby .
 While I think the creators of this product have great intentions , this is just one more example of marketing unneccesary items to breastfeeding mothers.Current research indicates that drinking * in moderation * is fine while breastfeeding your child . The amount of alcohol that actually makes it into your breastmilk is very small -LRB- less than 2 % -RRB- . The AAP , La Leche League and other authorities in the field all agree that a glass of wine is safe.Put it this way - if you 're concerned enough about the level of alcohol in your bloodstream to consider testing your milk , then breastfeeding is the least of your worries ! If you 're too tipsy to nurse your baby , then you 're too tipsy to parent your baby . Use a little common sense!Also , just wanted to stress that pumping and dumping is not neccessary , and does nothing to speed the process of alcohol leaving your milk/bloodstream . Mum can pump & dump for comfort , but beyond that , there 's no need .
 More barriers to breastfeeding , just what our abysmal rates need . Use common sense - our ancestresses had little choice but to breastfeed since alternatives were n't safe , and heck the WATER was n't safe to drink in many parts of the world so they drank watered down beer and wine -LRB- the alcohol killed the potentially lethal bacteria in the water -RRB- . In many cultures , if a mother is having trouble with milk production , an experienced mother will recommend a mug of beer to increase her supply . If it was REALLY so dangerous for our babies to get the tiny fraction of a percentage of alcohol that makes it through to our milk , our ancestors and most of Europe would be full of mentally impaired people since their breastfeeding AND * moderate * alcohol consumption rates are BOTH much higher than our American `` all or nothing '' behaviors . For goodness ' sake , do n't binge then breastfeed , but a glass of wine or a bottle of beer is n't going to hurt your baby - unless you 're stupid enough to drink it -LRB- especially on an empty stomach -RRB- and then DRIVE while impaired with the baby in the car . No , there likely is n't a ton of research to support this position , but there is n't research to support the manufacturer 's position either - just fear that can push a frightened mom -LRB- or well-meaning friend -RRB- to waste money better spent on a massage or soemthing for the stressed out mama .
 I thought this was a great deal - four sun sticks for my son - we could keep one in the diaper bag , one at daycare , etc. . But he had an allergic reaction to something in the product . I do n't know what - he has used products with all of those sunscreen ingredients before , but this product made his face bright red and itchy . Perhaps it was one of the inactive ingredients ? I use it , and it 's fine for me , but that really was n't the point .
 I took my car to the Police department to have the baby seat inspected , the police told me that this product is not safe to use . It will allow movement of your child in the car seat . They told me to just throw it away . I am taking it back to the store to get a credit .
 I really liked the idea of this , but it does n't fit on my evenflo infant carseat .
 This product is very soft , I give it 2 stars for that.However , once I washed it , the zipper was nearly impossible to move . I have to tug and pull and maneuver the zipper over the teeth inch by inch to get it closed , while holding the 2 sides of the zipper together.Also , what 's the deal with the flap ? It falls down over the baby 's face.Several certified carseat installers have said never to put anything between baby and the carseat . This product does go under the baby , so I will be exchanging it for Eddie Bauer cover by Gold Inc. that goes over the carseat and also has an outside pocket for storage .
 I bought this item for my 3-month old daughter . I took her out in it once and it was awful . If the hood is snapped on -LRB- a zipper would work much better here , or better yet , make it all one piece -RRB- , it kept flapping over my daughter 's head . And when we unzipped the body section while in the car , the two sides kept closing over my daughter 's face . I could n't find a good way to keep her ventilated and keep her face exposed so she could see and breathe . I returned this item immediately and bought a Bundle Me intstead .
 this product would be great if it had a universal fitting to all infant carriers ! it does not fit our graco carseat -LRB- the straps do not fit through the velcro holes -RRB-
 Great idea , but it does n't work for all car seats . We have a Graco seat & it was too small , and the Wrap & Ride covered areas necessary for attaching the car seat to the car .
 1 -RRB- It arrived more orange than the picture shows .2 -RRB- The product description said that it fits most Kettler highchairs . The pad was much too big for our Kettler Futura highchair . It hung off of the seat where our child 's feet could not use the foot rest .3 -RRB- There were no straps to attach it to the chair .4 -RRB- Feels like a patio chair cushion -LRB- the cheaper kind -RRB- . Not that soft , but I suppose that 's good for wiping off messes ?
 The shape of this nipple is not very natural . My daughter prefers the gerber orthodontic nipple .
 We used lvl 1 nipples on our evenflo , avent , and Medela bottles with no problems . These level 2s leaked in all of our bottles . We are n't using the evenflo bottles anymore since she drinks more than 4oz at a time now . At any rate , they 're leaking and I 've thrown them out . : o -LRB-
 The weird X in the top -LRB- instead of a hole -RRB- made fluids pour too easily from the nipple . My daughter would n't use them and they were a waste of time . On the other hand , they were the final step in weaning her off the bottle -LRB- at two years -RRB- . So , they 're good for that .
 My baby loves Classic Silicone Midium Flow Nipple , so I purchased fast nipple because it 's time to change the nipple of bottle . But , I 'm very shocked after I received this nipples . There are no hole just teared large X shape . My 7 month son did n't suck this fast nipple after first try and after.You 'd better buy midium nipple and make one more hole by yourself , if you expect two holes nipple .
 My little one was sucking way to hard on the medium flow to the point where i would have to take the bottle out and let the nipple inflate back up again so that he could get the milk , so I went out and purchased a bunch of the classic fast flow . Well instead of there being a hole , there is a large x shape at the top and the milk poured into his mouth and he just ended up choking on the milk . What a waste ! Instead , the evenflo combi flow nipples are SO MUCH BETTER , so try those out . He doesnt choke on the milk because there is just a hole .
 These nipples do have a large X shaped hole at the end . I see that one reviewer disputes this , but that must have been an older version . My son will not use these , so this was was a wasted purchase . He uses the Avent and Gerber nipples just fine.I purchased these in order to use the non-bpa glass bottles . Maybe the medium sized nipples would work , but I 'm not willing to take that chance ...
 I bought this bouncer because it seemed like a good value at the time . I was disappointed to find out the fabric is very rough nylon and so I always have to line it with a blanket if the baby is n't wearing pants.The concept of the chair is good but it 's bulky and no matter how I position the baby , he always ends up sliding down to the point where his whole body is only on the bottom half of the bouncer.Save your money and buy a bouncer with good reviews , I know I 'll have to buy a different one and donate this one to goodwill - it was n't worth the shipping fee to return it .
 This item looks very good and I was going to order it until I looked at the description which says it measures 1 '' by 1 '' inch . this is obviously an error and needs to be corrected if it is going to sell . I would order it if I need the accurate dimensions .
 Had it hung up for one day and one of the ties on one side broke off . The tie parts are sewn on poorly .
 I use to have a Cooshee brand mat and tub guard which is made of HIGH quality long lasting durable synthetic material . The Kid Kusion only looks good in the photo but quickly realized it 's not even worth the shipping I paid for it . Do n't waste your money or time on this product .
 Great idea & small enough for easy storage but not durable . It 's foam so it 's thin . My 2 yr old son got a hold of one of the cushions & took a huge bite out of it . Would not recommend this . If your son/daughter is in to the putting everything in your mouth phase , he/she will easily rip this product to shreads .
 I tried Vibrant Health Crisis Intervention Formula because I am so tired of the side effects of antibiotics . I was surprised at how much better I felt while I was taking the product . By the time I was taking my last dose I was fully convinced that I was cured . Sadly , by the next morning my original symptoms were back with a vengance and I ended up in the doctor 's office with a now very bad infection . So I ended up on antibiotics anyway on top of being out 36 bucks for this product . I recommend that you go to your doctor at the first sign of a UTI ! Do n't waste your time or money trying alternatives . I hate antibiotics , but in this case there is no other option . Also this product created some rather embarrasing gastric distress that kept me home bound for the duration of taking the product . Overall I have to say that I did feel better while taking it , but it did not get rid of the UTI ... only bought me some time .
 I was hoping to avoid antibiotics for my UTI . I took the entire container of the Crisis Intervention Formula , as instructed . And I 'm lying here with a heating pad , begging for morning so I can visit a doctor !
 I love how it looks , but now too small for my 10 month old . Only 2 1-oz cubes of baby food fit in each compartment . Also , the lid is very hard to take off . You have to be very careful not to spill the food because it takes lots of pulling to take the lid off . The spoon is easy to use . I will not recommend this lunch box , but will buy more spoons .
 I love this bowl for first feedings ... just enough room and the spoon is great . I rated it so low because I have actually hurt myself trying to get the lid off of it . I have to use a spoon to pry the lid off and today i actually bruised my knuckle on the counter .
 I registered for and received these baskets . They look nice in the picture , and they are a great price , but the white paint flakes off and the edges are very sharp . Needless to say , I am returning them . I received 6 of the Wendy Bellissimo baskets -LRB- which include NICE liners that coordinate well with all bedding - more expensive , but worth it -RRB- and I highly recommend them . They have no sharp edges and they are not painted so there is no issue of paint flaking off .
 These baskets had pieces falling off -LRB- sharp pieces ! -RRB- right when taken out of the box . These pieces fell everywhere and would come off quite easily if picked at by a curious baby . BRU seems to market for these baskets , as all the liners in the bedding sets fit this size . There are no other baskets of this size in the store . The product is NOT worth buying . I will be looking elsewhere for this size basket so I can use my cute liners .
 I am appalled that babies r us would sell such an inferior product . I purchased these baskets as a gift and am returning them right away . I opened the box to put items in the baskets as a cute gift , but just ca n't be responsibe for putting such a hazardous item into a babies room . The paint flakes off , the baskets have sharp edges all over them , and pieces of the baskets splinter away . How are manufactures able to make these items specifically for a babies room ? I would never recommend any baskets like these . I am not understanding how they are even on the market !?!? Do n't waist your money . You will just be returning them when you see the poor quality !!!!
 I was extremely disappointed with these baskets . As soon as I took them out of the box , the wicker cracked and the paint chipped all over my clothes and the floor . It seemed to me that this could be dangerous for little ones as they are prone to put everything in their mouths ! I returned the baskets .
 May be good if your only needing to heat a smaller bottle like a 4oz . but be prepared to start heating it up at least 20-30 minutes prior to `` feeding '' time and not when you have a screaming fussy baby waiting . Also the warmer mechanism ONLY wraps around the bottle and does NOT have anything that warms the bottom of the bottle so you will have to be sure to shake around the bottle during the warming process to ensure the milk gets warm enough . I would not waste my time trying to use this each time even though I know the tricks of it . I 'm currently researching for another brand of travel warmer and this time will spend a little more for something decent and would never recommend this to anyone even for a quick fix ! Just NOT ! worth the hassle ...
 My husband and i are always on the run and we thought something like this would be perfect . It says it 's fast at heating them up but once we used it , it took almost 30 minutes ! On top of that it has a saftey switch on the bottom so it knows when the bottle is it . Well since the button is so far down compared to the heat band , the lower section of the bottle does not get heated . It took so long and i rather of spent a few more dollars to get something that really worked .
 We bought this product last week because our daughter was finally allowed to go out in public . We thought this would be convenient for us when we travel out of town next month . Unfortunately this is n't working out . The first time we used it we used it on a 5 oz . bottle . It said it would warm up in 15 minutes but to check it every 5 minutes and shake . I did that and when 15 minutes was up the band at the top only warmed up therefore not warming the bottle at all . I had to give the bottle to my baby real cold . The next time I used it I figured it would work better with a 6 oz bottle since it was taller and rounder . Also I did n't take the bottle out every 5 minutes instead I shook it every 5 minutes . When 15 minutes was up the bottle was hot at the top but again milk was cold . It goes back tomorrow . What a waste !
 I tell you the truth . I was so happy that this existed . But quickly became disappointed . It took so long and it never really made a diference . I find it easier to just sit it on my lap or snug between my thighs and warm up the bottle with my own body heat while I drive or sit in the car . It turned out to be more useful that way . When my baby was on powdered formula , I would heat up the water before leaving the house and carry it in a thermal pack . That worked too . Great idea , but needs lots of improvements . I am glad it works for other parents . It just did n't do the job for me .
 I used this once , and decided it was n't worth the wait . All you have to do is fill your bottles with room temp water , and add powder formula right before feeding . That way you do n't need some other contraption to keep the bottles cold , and you do n't need this to warm them up . Problem solved .
 Unless you have 20 minutes to kill while your baby is screaming for a bottle , you do n't want this . I first used this on a venture to BRU for a Grandparent 's Day Breakfast and while Grandma was sitting in on a 529 seminar , my daughter suddenly discovered that she was beyond famished - so up we go out to the car to warm up a bottle ! Now , supposedly this warmer can be used with Dr. Brown 's bottles but the combination did n't work for us . First of all , the bottle has to be positioned in the warmer a certain way so that it presses a safety latch to keep the warmer on . Unless the bottle is a regular generic bottle with a gallon of fluid inside , it wo n't keep the heating latch engaged . I had to sit there and continuously push the bottle down onto the latch AND then after 10 minutes , the bottle was still ice cold ! I have no idea how to warm a bottle in the car and have no reccomendations , but I will tell you that this mini blood pressure machine will do nothing to benefit the appetite of an impatient child when she 's hungry !
 We have been quite happy with the warmer until last week . We plugged it in and 5 seconds later it was smoking and burning at the car adapter outlet . My husband right away pulled out the burning plug but it already melted and a metal piece of it stayed int the outlet causing an electric short . So we were not able to restart our car until it was removed by a mechanic . Save yourself the experience of standing on the side of the road with a hungry baby on a rainy day due to this product .
 It will take a minimum of 20min to warm a cool bottle but more like 45min to warm a really cold bottle -LRB- fresh out of the cooler -RRB- . So , when my daugher at at Noon , I started to warm the bottle at 11am . This is crazy and I do not recommend trying to warm a bottle for that long . Sometimes I would go ahead and slightlly warm the bottle in the microwave before I headed for the car . Then I used this product to warm it the rest of the way .
 The idea is great , the product is not so great . We have the same reviews as everyone else . The bottles -LRB- we use VentAir -RRB- do not touch the `` on '' sensor , and it takes more than 30 minutes to warm our 8 oz bottles . Our son will not take them luke warm , he likes them very warm.How we made it work for us : Clothes pin that we just clip on over the sensor to turn the warmer on.And one hour before our son 's feeding time we start warming the bottle.Very slow process , I wish I would have done more research upon buying this warmer .
 i got this warmer as a gift . the travel warmer concept is perfect for us because we travel alot . but the warmer takes much longer than 15 minutes to warm a bottle . my daughter eats 5.5 oz and after 30 minutes of warming it was only very luke warm . my suggestion is test this product with different times to see how long it will take you to get the water/formula warmed to the temp your child likes . that will allow you to start warming before the child is upset .
 This is the worst thing I 've ever bought . It literally takes me 30-40 minutes to warm the bottle to just below room temperature -LRB- still pretty cool -RRB- , meanwhile my daughter is screaming out of hunger in the background . I should get paid for using something so crappy .
 I recall the packaging saying it could take up to 15 minutes , but when my husband and I go on long car rides , we have to anticpate our daughters hunger at least 45 minutes in advance to get the bottle to a temperature where she 'll actually eat it ! It says not to leave it plugged in too long as well , and I wonder if we 're using it for `` too long '' to get the bottle to the heat that it needs to be at ! I would n't recommend this product , but see it as a necissary evil for long car trips , just so the bottle can be warmed without having to pull into a gas station that may have a microwave ! -LRB- Those can sometimes be scarier than waiting FOREVER until the bottle gets warm ! -RRB-
 Bottle was not warm even after leaving it for 20 mins . -LRB- Note milk was not frozen -RRB- A cup of hot water would heat much faster .
 I wish I had saved mine ! What a piece of junk !
 I got these to match the swaddle designs blankets , which I really love . However , these burp cloths are nothing more than cheap cloth tri-fold white diapers , with either ribbon or flannel accents in the middle . The middle panel looks okay , but the sides are thin and flimsy . I expected the entire burp cloth would be higher quality cotton or flannel but instead you 're really just getting a cheap tri-fold diaper with some decoration .
 This is a rinky-dinky blankie - NOT a BLANKET . It is the size of a table napkin!Yes , it is soft but it is a small , tiny , itty-bitty square . Not worth the money . I was embarrassed that I gave this as a gift . :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 Okay , so at first this blanket seems perfect . It 's a great size , lovely fabric ... and just about suffocated my 5 month old baby . Thankfully I was just on the other side of the room . He had pulled it over his mouth and apparently breathed in and because this is backed in the silky fabric -- it 's not breathable and just sucked further into his mouth . I heard his gasping and rushed over to pull it off.I ca n't in good conscience leave his with it anymore . The silk should only be put on the edging -- not the backing . Kids put things in their mouth and over their heads . It 's what they do . The fabric needs to be breathable .
 This is no throw or blanket - this is a washcloth size square - yes , its soft and plush with satin on one side , but very very small . Completely worthless in my opinion . It claims to be 14x14 -LRB- yes , I should have read it -RRB- but sitting on a 12x12 pc of paper , it is about the same size . TOTAL RIPOFF . What should they call it ? I have no clue . TINY square of plush fabric with satin border ? I like the fur becaus its soft and satin because I get hot because I 'm sick - but this is barely enough for under the side of my face .
 It is pretty and soft , but is extremely small . The product description is misleading that this is a blanket , but it 's really just a tiny square/security blanket . Not worth the money .
 This is uglyiest stroller i have ever seen!THe carseat wo n't even fit in our car and we have a exterra we only have 1 more seat and we can barly fit it in.When i am suppose to carry abby into a store or somthing the carseat weighs me down i bet it weighs 45 pounds no lie.the only thing good about it was it is easy to push and mom loves it so does dad if i ever have a kid do n't count on me buying my baby one of those things . Thanks for your time
 We looked at this , but it ONLY WORKS IF YOU HAVE AN EXTRA-WIDE DOORWAY - like 48 '' or more . Instead , buy the Fisher Price Jumparoo - it is the same idea , only it is a self-contained jumper/bouncer which hangs on its own supports , no doorway needed . You can put it anywhere and take it with you too , no chance of the child hitting his head or pinching fingers .
 I bought this , because , it looked entertaining for my daughter . I was so excited to get home and get her jumping . Unfortunately , it took FOREVER to get the seat attached , and , I broke 2 nails in the process . I finally took it to my husband who after another half hour was able to attach the seat . Then we noticed that all the doorways in our house were too small to attach this to . -LRB- Except for the door at the top of the stairs and the bathroom . -RRB- So , by then , I was determined to have the baby love this jumper . We attached it to the bathroom door and put her in . -LRB- which was no easy task with all those ropes to go through . -RRB- She did not jump . she looked up at us and just kind of spun a little bit . The clamp to attach it to the doorway is very heavy , and I was worried it would fall on her head and knock her out . I took this back the next day and bought the Fisher Price Jumperoo . It 's bigger , but stationary on the ground . It also has lights and music on it . My daughter loved it and started jumping right away . She used that one until she was about a year old . I would stay away from all doorway jumpers , and go for the jumperoo .
 We got this item as a gift and were excited for our baby to try it . We 've known other kids who loved theirs , and parents who gave it high marks . We never got far enough to put our baby in the jumper . The spring-loaded clamp that holds the jumper off the floor is made for doors with very small -LRB- and narrow -RRB- moldings . We live in a slightly older house with tall moldings , and the clamp would only fit over part of the door frame . Had there been some indication of this on the outside of the box , I would n't have bothered to waste my time putting it together and would have returned it immediately for a jumper that works . The upside is , having now read the reviews on Amazon , looking for others with this same problem and possible solutions , I 'm convinced not to put my baby in a jumper at all ... Too many injuries -- broken legs , concussions , bad falls , etc. . I see that most kids love this item without any problems , but I do n't want my baby to be among the few who get seriously injured .
 these door way jumpers are terrible unless you have a really wide doorway.i 'm especially sad because my son loved it before he crashed his head.the first thing our 6 month old did with both this and the other door jumper was lean back tolook up and crash his head into the door frame . he could easily have pinched his fingers!i can not believe that they design it so terribly . make a six inch tray all the way around . it 's so obvious.the designer of this product is just waiting for a lawsuit . luckily i 'm not the suing type.unless your doorway is a couple feet wider than most doors , DO NOT BUY THIS !!
 I wish I had purchased the more expensive Graco jumper . My friends have that one and they love it . Jumpers are wonderful , I have yet to find a baby that does n't like them . However , we have had strap adjusting problems with this one . Every time we try to adjust the height , it comes loose again . This requires us to be constantly re-adjusting it . Bad design . Spend the extra $ 10 , and get the better Graco Jumper that does n't have this same problem .
 Great product , but -LRB- even after reading the directions -RRB- can not seem to adjust the height for my 8 month old ... any advice ??
 This item is SO frustrating . What would seem to be a very easy toy to put together cost me over an hour of wasted time . The seat was not made correctly and I could not get it to fit on the frame . I spent a half hour trying to get it on and then a half hour driving it back to Babies R Us . I am going to see if the store has another one and put it together before I leave the store !
 I have yet to use this jumper . . it may be wonderful once it is assembled , but trying to get the seat on is IMPOSSIBLE . I do n't normally have a problem getting things together for my son . This has caused the most frustration yet !
 My son was in the Jumpster Doorway Jumper 8740P5 yesterday afternoon and the spring broke and collapsed underneath him . He is 22 lbs -LRB- under the 25lb limit -RRB- and the height was adjusted properly so that only the front part of his feet were on the ground.I 've contacted Graco Baby - do n't know if just ours was defective , or there is a design problem . If you do use a jumper , follow the instructions to the letter . Thankfully , we did , and we were right there to pick up baby and console him .
 Weighing 22 pounds , my daughter is within the size parameters for use of this toy . We followed all the directions and still my one year old is in a cast , suffering form a fractured tibia -LRB- shin bone -RRB- . My daughter 's Dr said that they see injuries from these type jumpers all the time.This product should be recalled.It 's NOT worth the risk !!!
 I read these all the time and find them very helpful -- this is my first review . I 'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news , but , if you even have a slightly larger baby please read before buying . My daughter is 6 mos , 19 lbs , 26 inches . Yes , we are grooming a little linebacker . While her weight is in the 90 % tile , her height is in 75-80 % tile . I waited until she was 6 mos to buy the jumper , because I thought that was when she would be ready for it . It is advertised as being fine for up to 25 lbs , so I figured she 'd get a good two months out of it , at least . I was wrong.The front part of her feet are the only parts that should be touching the ground when in it . My daughter stands flat footed with her knees bent ! I have it as high as it will go , and my doorframes are normal height , thank you . 25 pound maximum ! What , does the baby have to be no taller than 10 inches or something ? I am confused and disappointed . I had done some looking around , and this was my jumper of choice . Graco could have made the strap system better in order to support their advertising for up to 25 pounds -- my daughter is far from that weight limit.I complained to a couple of friends ; one found the same Graco issue with her son , and the other friend has offered to loan me her jumper -LRB- Osh , B'Gosh , I think -RRB- . She had a heavier baby , and that brand worked out just fine for her son . If you 're in love with the Graco , by all means , try it out , just be warned ! You might be better off if you can try out a friend 's or something first . Thanks for reading ! Woo hoo -- first review !
 By the time my son could hold himself up in the seat and actually bounce he was too tall for this ! What a waste of money . Do yourself a favor and get a freestanding bouncing seat .
 We purchased this when our son was almost 3 months old . He is a very strong baby and tall for his age . At first he would only shuffle from side to side , but it was n't long before he could jump like a kangaroo ! We loved it and so did he , but now he is 5 months and weighs 18 lbs . He is too tall for it -LRB- or too heavy , but not sure why since the weight limit is 25 lbs -RRB- . His ankles are touching the floor and can no longer sit in it with his feet in the proper position . It is not adjustable to make in any higher off of the ground . Now , we face the problem that our baby loves this but can not be in it anymore , and he just turned 5 months . He is going through jumping-withdrawal ! We could only use this product for 2 months.Also , with every jump it started to make a loud , clanking sound , coming from ABOVE the spring . That sound makes me nervous and I wonder if it is defective or about to break . I 'm not convinced it is safe .
 I do not own one of these myself , but my sister does . She had never used it until we went down to visit her . We placed my 6 month old daughter into the jumper and waited to see if she would like it . At first she was trying to get used to it ... as soon as she got the hang of it and started to enjoy it , the seat unlatched itself from the hooks ... it happened so unbelievable quick ... the next thing i know my daughter is screaming and crying at the top of her lungs ... she 'd fallen through the base -LRB- with the seat still around her bottom -RRB- and hit her head on a sharp corner of the door frame ... luckily ... she was n't seriously injured ... but I can only imagine the dangerous possibilities ... the engineering of this toy is rather stupid ... please ... for the sake of your child ... do n't buy this ... it does n't even deserve one star !!!
 These are not the cheapest bottles on the market so I was surprised to find that they leak constantly . I know that many reviewers have said that there is a specific way to assemble these bottles but in 4 months I have tried EVERYTHING and I still get leaks ! After spending countless and painful hours pumping my breast milk it is very frustrating to have all of it pour out all over my daughter and me . Not to mention that these bottles have ruined many of me and my daughters ' shirts and have permanently stained our couch . Another scenario that I continually face with these bottles is cleaning up formula or breast milk off of my walls and floors because sometimes they leak when I shake them for mixing purposes . Also , most of the time when I am running errands I have to run home to get more milk because the bottles leaked out half of my supply . Bottom line - you have to change your baby 's clothes enough in one day without having to do so because of a leaky bottle . Save your sanity and clothing - go with a different brand !! P.S. I just bought all new Dr. Brown 's bottles and they are wonderful !! My baby actually has less gas than with the Avent ones . They are harder to clean though .
 I can get over the leaking part however these bottles flow way to fast for a newborn baby . Stage one nipples drowned my baby and caused a lot of gas . I recommend the Playtex premium nursers to start with . No one talks a lot about the fast flow of the avent bottles under these reviews , but if you read the reviews of the other bottles you 'll see that many people switched from Avent because of this problem . I have n't tryed the ventaire bottles but a friend of mines baby girl loves them . In my opinion Avent would be my last choice .
 You have to do too much to be `` sure '' these bottles do n't leak and then they still leak . If you buy these bottles and want to rely on them when leaving your home , make sure you take plenty of extra t-shirts , money to buy extra pampers and a new baby bag ! Then G-d forbid a family member is watching your child , be sure you have an extra hour to `` teach '' the that person how to use the bottles - only to find out the bottles leaked anyway . It 's just not worth the trouble or the money !
 My son is almost 6 months old and I have been using these bottles for the past 2 months . They are horrible bottles . They leak and make a mess all over the place and sometimes no matter how much you try to fix the top it just wo n't work . By the time you fix the top half the milk is gone so now you need to make some more . In the meantime your son is screaming out loud because he is hungry . I will never use this bottles again and I 'll try to tell the world not to buy them either .
 I have a newborn who is 2 weeks old . After noticing feeding after feeding that the milk was coming out entirely too much from his mouth and making a huge mess . I decided to try the Playtex Nurser System . The Playtex bottles are so much better.These Avent bottles not only leaked from the caps like everyone complains about ... but the milk would leak from my baby 's mouth.I called Avent , and the rep said that its because the baby 's lips have to be outward doing a `` suckling '' effect ... WHO HAS TIME TO BE FUSSING WITH A NEWBORN TO SEE IF HIS MOUTH IS SUCKING CORRECTLY ?? In my opinion its a shame , cause I bought everything Avent , , and alot of bottles as well , and I was really excited about using the bottles .
 The bottle does nothing but leaks all over my daughter face , neck , clothes , blankets , bib and everything . I read the instructions left and right to make sure I 'm doing it right.My husband bought the most expensives bottle for our daughter after doing so extensive research thinking it was the best for her ; however it was all a lie ; our daughter does n't get enough milk because she was wearing most of the time . No wonder she was n't gaining any weight . AVENT BOTTLE THE WORST BOTTLE DESIGN EVER !!! My husband end up buying the cheapest bottle and it work the best . Even the hospital nipple work too
 Do n't buy Avent bottles . They LEAK ! Yes I followed the instructions and pulled the nipple through the white ring then attached the clear dome cap and assembled that on to the bottle and they still leak . I 've tried numerous times and they leak about 70 % of the time . It 's a waste of breastmilk and formula and so frustrtating . I switched to Dr. Brown 's on a friend 's recommendation who also had the leak problem w / the Avent and they are great !
 I TRIED BOTH SIZES OF THESE BECAUSE I THOUGHT THEY WERE A GOOD BRAND , BUT THEY LEAKED ALL OVER & MY SON GOT A LOT OF AIR FROM THEM WHICH LEAD TO PAINFUL GAS & SCREAMING EVERY DAY UNTIL I SWITCHED TO DR. BROWNS . DR. BROWNS BOTTLES ARE EXCELLENT-THEY DO NOT LEAK AND HE GETS MUCH LESS AIR BECAUSE OF THE SPECIAL STRAW VACUMN IT HAS INSIDE . TRY THEM & YOU WILL SEE A DIFFERENCE !
 So much for reducing colic - - these bottles are useless in that respectWe bought a few of these things , one the formula just runs out of them and the baby ends up soaked - - and the other nothing comes out at all.Still looking for better options as the Playtex VentAire leak and do n't work either.Does anyone out there make a bottle that is not a piece of **** ?
 WE DID READ THE DIRECTIONS and the product still works sporadically . My wife is a physician ! The leaking problem is incredibly frustrating , especially when the baby is crying.Buy anything else - you will be very disappointed , especially at this price point .
 Of all the reviews I 've read , parents are more concerened about the convenience of the bottles and features for the price . I even saw one mentioning that she had to switch to a different brand because of reflux.The bottom line is ... They are convenient for breast feeding and interchanging , but they cause an extreme amount of gas when feeding , due to the awkward nipples that are provided . The bulbous base of the nipple , causes their lips to suck in air around the sides . The entire time they feed , you can actually hear tons of air flowing into their stomach . 5 stars for a product that `` I just bought today '' does n't mean anything if you can only use it 1 day , because your child is screaming from colic due to the aweful engineering.I 'd like to see more return reviews from people that used these more than a week .
 I am not an idiot and I know how to read instructions but no matter what I did the bottles would often leak and spill all over my son . I think that any bottle that requires that much effort to ensure it works properly is not worth the money . Not only that but as my son was drinking I would hear the air bubbles which meant that he had to be burped quite frequently . I threw all of the Advent bottles out and bought the old fashioned Playtex system . These are by far the best bottles and are the only way to ensure that excess air is not being swallowed by the baby .
 I would not reccomend these bottles . They leak all the time and at 2:00 am when you are exhausted and your little one is screaming these bottles can send you straight to the nut house . Save yourself the headache and misery and just buy basic Platex and Gerber -LRB- I finally did after 6 months ... way to long -RRB- and I had not had any problems since .
 I only give this product 1 star because that is the lowest option allowed . Regardless of following instructions line by line , these bottles really do leak . All over the place . When you least expect it . Imagine having to change your baby 's entire outfit in the middle of the night while he/she is screaming bloody murder for a bottle that is leaking like a sieve all over him/her . This is a reality when you buy these bottles . I ca n't tell you how many times this happened to me when feeding my son . I do n't know who is lucky enough to get the ones that do n't leak , but none of my friends who bought them were lucky either.I admit , they look cool . I knew nothing about baby products before I had a baby so the `` coolness '' factor largely determined my purchase but I quickly smartened up and bought the Playtex Vent-Aire bottles . My son loves them , and his gas problems were greatly reduced when I started using them . I love them too . They are easy to clean and I can hold my son in a semi-upright position to avoid ear infections , oh , and they do n't ever leak!Do yourself a favor and buy something else !
 I never had any problems with the 4oz bottles but my daughter has been using the 9oz bottles for some time now and they worked great at first but after a while they begin to leak at times and I have to screw and unscrew the nipple on sometimes 5 or 6 times to get them to stop leaking milk all down the side of the bottle . I am having another baby and looking into new different bottles this time .
 I registered for these bottles because I loved the clean look of them . I bought several packs of the 4oz size and one pack of the 9oz sizes . Unfortunately my daughter was unable to keep up with the fast flow from these nipples . I searched several stores trying to find a slower one from Avent but the size 1 is considered their NB size . It just drips from either side of her mouth . So I temporarily switched to the Playtex drop in 's which she does great with . However , I - like others - am very tired of buying those drop ins -LRB- it gets expensive ! -RRB- and I have soo many more Avent bottles.So i 've just reintroduced her to Avent and she 's done better but she 's still wasting some out of the sides of her mouth . I was disappointed they did n't have more options for slower nipples , especially considering they are one of the more expensive brands to get . However since I have them already I 'm trying to work it out.I would recommend only buying a FEW of these bottles to be sure they work ok for you baby . Otherwise you could end up with alot of waste and frustration .
 I have been a loyal Avent customer since the birth of my now 2 1/2 year old son , and I have always recommended their products to anybody I know -LRB- and even some strangers I see shopping -RRB- . I absolutely loved all of the products , despite their higher cost and more involved assembly procedures . My children , 2 1/2 and 11 months , both love -LRB- and loved -RRB- these bottles . in fact , they are the only bottle that either of them would use . However , the past several months , as I have been trying to make the transition to sippy cups with my daughter , now 10 months , I have been having the most awful experiences with their sippy cups . I have been using the Magic Cups with nipples instead of sippy spouts -LRB- in order to get my daughter first accustomed to the new shape , then to the new spout -RRB- . Whenever we go to feed her , the cup leaks profusely from the neck of the cup , below the base of the top piece , and often leaves her so wet that we have to change her clothes , occasionally three to four times a day . We have tried reconnecting the lid -LRB- sometimes up to ten times -RRB- and often , it STILL leaks . We have since gone back to using the bottles , and I have told several of my friends about the problems I am experiencing not just with one cup , but with all 6 cup and lid combinations that we have . Also , the problem is not just limited to the sippy cups and bottles when used with the bottle nipples on the sippy cups -LRB- as I had thought could be the case , -RRB- but even with the sippy spouts that we have , the problem still occurs . I have not yet been able to find a way to remedy the situation completely , as we have had several , albeit fewer , problems with the bottles as well , but my daughter will not accept any other bottles -LRB- or sippy cups , much to my dismay -RRB- so for now , we are stuck using Avent products , which I am unfortunately , very disappointed with this time around .
 My baby was born full term 7lbs and I was interested in breastfeeding . After the c-section , the hospital supplemented with formula and then I was given the option of breastfeeding later that day . When i got home , I tried so many diferent bottles . I started with the Playtex VentAire and find that the nipples would collapse . So I switched to the Playtex Nurser and those were horrible . The milk just flowed all out of the corners of his mouth . Next I switched back to the VentAire and upon recommendation from so many people I Tried these Avent Bottles which are so highly endoresed yet overated . I personally did not like them . The milk just flowed into his mouth all out the corners and not allowing him to put forth any effort.I thought he was going to choke . I gave up after this one attempt and went back to the Vent Aire because at least those make him suck and milk just doesnt flow out so easily . Well needless to say , i bought some Dr. Browns and I am cureious to see how these will work . In the meantime , i would stay away from the Avent bottles for now and am continuing to breastfeed and supplement with the Vent Aire bottles .
 My daughter suffered with excessive gas because of these bottles , and mind you I purchased practically the entire system . Bottles , Sterilizers , warmers , cleaning brush . I did n't even think about buying any other bottle . Her gas was so bad she developed diarrea which gave her a urinary tract infection and she spent 10 days in the hospital , she was only 3 weeks old . I do n't know if mine was an isolated incident , but I recommend doing research before purchasing Avent bottles . Not every child benefits from them . Surprisingly enough , the good old fashioned Gerber Bottles and Playtex Ventair systems worked wonders for her gas . I also agree with previous reviewers ' claims of leakage . I had to change her onesie on a regular basis . Not a quality product for the price .
 The bottles are great if you want simple bottles and can tighten them the `` right '' way . However , I could tighten 3 out of 5 of my bottles `` correctly '' but no matter what I did , I could not get those two other bottles correct . They would just leak and leak and soak my poor daughter . Also , my daughter had EXTREME gas from these bottles . She would SCREAM endlessly after every feeding . Even Mylicon would n't help her when using the Avent bottles . We switched to Dr. Brown 's bottles and it is a remarkable difference . She does n't scream and I actually look forward to feeding her ! And I have n't used the Mylicon drops once since we switched bottles . If your baby is suffering from extreme gassiness , SWITCH bottles ... it helped us !!
 we bought avent thinking that it 's one of the better brands of baby bottles out there.we were wrong . i am so frustrated with using the bottle sometimes , i just want to throw them out the door . the milk does not flow out the nipple more time than we care to count . can u imagine your baby crying because she keeps on sucking and not getting any milk out of the bottle?one suggestion is to use those bottles with plastic liners . my experience has been that they 're pretty consistent with milk flow and the baby gets less gas . i also have switched to the gerber bottles , and so far the milk flow has been good .
 We started with the Avent bottles because that is what everyone else is using . When feeding our newborn , suddenly there would be milk/formula leaking out of the bottle . What a mess . I read the instructions and checked out the website looking for tips . I just was n't impressed . I purchased a ton and they are all stored away . We switched to the Dr. Brown bottles and have not had any problems .
 I bought Avent bottles when my son was born in Sept 2002 , and was very disappointed because they leaked all over his neck and clothes at every feeding . I really wanted to use these bottles because I like the shape and feel of them . I ended up using Playtex disposables which were more work but my son did fine with them . I am now pregnant again and am considering vent-aire bottles instead .
 I love these bottles for the width which makes for easy cleaning ... BUT I purchased them when I had my now 6 yr old and they leaked REALLY bad then , and now , that time has gone by and having my second I figured I would give them another chance , hoping they had corrected the problem ... BUT NO 6 years later and they still LEAK just as bad ... . They are leaking from where the white cap goes onto the bottle and you can unscrew it and screw back on several times and it will still leak . It causes a huge mess and unwanted laundry ... . EXREMELY FUSTRATING !!!!!
 These bottles gave my newborn so much gas . He would keep us up at night crying because of the gas pain . You can actually HEAR and SEE the air going into the bottle and mixing with the liquid . My mother in law was rubbing my son 's belly and she could actually FEEL the bubbles in his little tummy ! DO N'T BUY THESE BOTTLES !
 These are the worst bottles . Maybe back in the early 90 's when mom 's did n't know any better and nothing better was available they made since to buy . However , there are so many better choices out there these days . These bottles are expensive , they leak and the absolute worse thing about them is they allow a ton of air to be sucked in by your baby . You can tell just by the design that a ton of air is sucked in by the wideness of the nipple and bottle itself . You practically have to hold the baby upside down to get the milk to the nipple . My first baby had the worse gas until I realized it , and changed bottles . Saved a ton of money on gas medicine after that . Dr. Brown 's are another lousy choice . Very hard to clean ! My choice is the Playtex Originals with the drop ins . They allow NO air to get to baby once you burp the bottle . Meaning you push all the air out of the bag . This pushes all the formula/milk into the nipple creating complete air free drinking . Also , the baby can be sitting up while drinking . With all the air pushed out , baby can suck with bottle in upright postition . That 's right , no more proping bottles . Great for little ones holding their own bottle.Playtex bottles are easy to clean , and when left sitting around for a long time , just throw away the bag and replace with a new one . To save money , I do reuse bags for a few days , then chuck it when I am tired of cleaning it . The nipples are soft like a breast , and I have never had a flow problem . Playtex also makes clear nipples now instead of the old yellow rubber ones . They have suited my 2nd baby so well . He is now 1 yr old and still using them .
 These bottles are terrible ! They create so much air in the bottle , which translates into gas in your baby . Not a good thing . I 'd definitely pass on these bottles if you are thinking of getting them .
 MY ADVICE
 I was really looking forward to using these bottles . My son did n't having any problems drinking from them but no matter how I screwed on the top of the bottle it would leak around the ring and the bottle . Sometimes I did n't catch it right away that his bib and clothes would be soaked with formula . Even when my husband would tighten the top he would have problems with it leaking . So we would have to test over the sink each time we made a bottle to make sure it would n't leak . I also asked my sister and all my friends that have used AVENT bottles if they had the same problem . They all had problems with them leaking !
 I heard lots about the Avent brand while pregnant and registered for all Avent bottles . Boy am I glad that someone gave me Soothies and Parent 's Choice Anti-colic bottles too !! The nipples are way too tough and it was a constant fight to get my daughter to drink from them . She loves the other two brands , and I love the Parent 's choice because it truly does help with her swallowing air and the tube in the middle shows when the formula is too hot . Do n't waste time or money with Avent !!
 I am very disappointed with the Advent bottles . I am constanly struggling with them to keep them from leaking and my son seems to take in a lot of air while feeding . I looked through these reviews to see if other mom 's had the same complaints . Sure enough I was n't the only one struggling . Some of the good reviews gave advice on how to put the bottles together `` correctly '' . No one should have to go through all that wasted formula or breast milk to get a bottle to work properly . I prefer a bottle that is easier to work with . We are still trying out bottles to see which one best works for us and so far I like the Soothies and the Playtex AirVent better !
 These bottles are so frustrating ! They leak all over the place and a friend said that you have to make sure they 're completely dry before tightening . Who designs a bottle specifically made for liquid that must be dry to prevent leakage ? It 's so frustrating to see the breastmilk that you worked so hard to pump flying all over your kitchen as you shake it up . I 've thrown my Avent bottles away and will not recommend them to anyone who values their expressed breastmilk -LRB- or expensive formula ! -RRB- .
 I used Playtex bottles with my first child with no problems . I bought into all the Avent hype with my second and bought them . We hated them . They were such a huge hassle . We assembled them correctly and still had leaks . Over the past two years I have talked with many other moms who had the same complaint and swear never to use Avent bottles again because of leaks . Wish I had know that two years ago ! We are now expecting our third child and I will go back to Playtex bottles .
 I am a mother of twins , These bottles leak all over . If you do n't close them a certain way they leak . Well , who has time to keep screwing on a cap just right ?! Specially a mother of twins !!
 It does n't matter how you assemble the bottles , they are poorly made and WILL leak . People stop us and ask us if we have problems with leaking too . I wish someone would have warned us before we wasted our money . Do n't buy them , you will regret it .
 My husband and I had decided to use the Avent bottles for our firstborn because they went with the breast pump that I bought . However , when we started our daughter on formula on day 3 , we were n't able to use these bottles with her . She was a big baby but , her mouth was n't quite big enough for these large nipples . She much prefers the Gerber newborn bottles or the playtex bottles . The nipples are too formed for her `` taste '' . These bottles cost way more than the other brands and we had less problems with them . They are n't anywhere near worth the money .
 This is my first time trying the avent bottles and I am very disappointed with them . I just love the bottle shape but they are constantly leaking on the sides and since my baby has a small mouth the milk flows out too much and and out of his mouth . His clothes get more milk then his mouth . I have tried tightening and loosening the nipples but no success . My sister in law has the samew problem and I thought maybe it was just the pair she bought 4 years ago . But no success there either . I am now going to try the Dr. Brown bottles if I can return these back at the store .
 I am currently using these bottles for my eight month old and have had problems with leaking all along . I read the instructions and they still leak . They say they may leak if the nipple is not on tight enough and they may leak if the nipple is screwed on too tight . I have tried making it tighter , looser , and everything in between and it is n't any better . There are times I have no idea how much my son actually got because most of it is leaking all over and getting him wet . I was going to just stick it out but since I have found out I am pregnant again , I will definitely be using a different brand . It 's too frustrating to deal with the leaks and mess of these bottles . The positive thing about them , as other reviews have said , is that they are easy to clean with the wide opening .
 Like everybody else , we registered for the Avent bottles because they seemed to be such a good line and very popular - it was our first baby so we were clueless - and we thought all bottles were basically the same anyways . These bottles are absolutely terrible and they literally LEAK all over the place !!! By the end of a feeding , there is more milk on my son and myself then there is in his stomach . Talk about frustrating - and it is always the middle of the night feedings when they really leak everywhere - not good . I would tell anyone who will listen to go with a different line of bottles - as soon as my son is done with these , they are going in the trash -LRB- I already threw one bottle away in a late night fit of rage -RRB- - if I can even stand it that long !
 If your newborn is a sucker like mine , do not get these bottles . The newborn nipple is too fast . I bought the entire line , having heard how wonderful the bottles were . Well , my kid gags and sputters through every feeding . I have read all of the tricks to get the bottles to not leak , it 's a waste of time . I have switched to Dr. Brown , and they work great ! Not to mention the ear ache issue of bottles without vents .
 While I like the idea that this starter set has the essentials , I was disappointed that my son would n't take to these bottles -LRB- or the pacifiers for that matter -RRB- . That 's not to say that every baby will refuse this bottle , but mine did . I had registered for and received this set , as well as several 3-packs of the 4 oz . and 9 oz . bottles , after reading how well they complimented breastfeeding . I had read the silicone nipple `` mimics the feel and shape of the breast . '' My son did not agree . I think he found them to be too slick and too firm . He would refuse to eat from the bottle and my husband would call me at work in a panic because he could n't get the baby to stop screaming in hunger . We decided to try different bottles and bought the Playtex Complete Original Nurser Starter Set . It contained similar types of items but had several different nipples to choose from . My son prefers the latex Natural Latch nipple . It is textured and extremely flexible.I had also read that the Avent bottles were supposed to reduce air swallowing and , therefore , painful gas . When my son would finally take the bottle , he had more gas than he does now with the Nursers . I realize all babies have some degree of gas no matter what bottle you use , but he seemed to have more with these . My husband could never seem to tip the bottle over to the right angle to keep air out of the nipple.The bottles do have their pluses though . I use them store my expressed breastmilk and we never had a problem with them leaking . The bottle brush is also nice . It is less harsh than others.After learning the hard way , I would recommend to new moms that instead of investing in only one type of bottle before you know what your baby will prefer , buy one or two bottles with all kinds of nipples from several different brands . That way if you baby does n't like one , you have another on hand to try .
 Do n't waste your time and money on these bottles . I know they 're popular but I do n't know why . They leak -LRB- yes , I read the instructions , to no avail -RRB- . That 's not the only problem , though . On my doctor 's advice , I 'm adding rice cereal to my daughter 's formula . As far as I can tell , Avent does n't offer nipples suitable for cereal , so my daughter ca n't eat out of these bottles anymore . She sucks and sucks but ca n't get any cereal out of the nipples . I 'm now using my Dr. Brown 's exclusively . They are great . They do n't leak . Also , they cut down on air bubbles , which really helps with colicy babies . Best of all , they offer a Y-shaped nipple that 's perfect for cereal . If you 're a new or expecting mom and are looking for a good bottle , go with Dr. Brown 's , stay away from Avent .
 We used these bottles with our first daughter - they were highly recommended by the hospital , a friend who owns a day care , and many others . What a disappoinment!They LEAK all over the place !! I was using a breast pump ... and all that breastmilk was leaking everywhere - it 's far too precious to simply wipe up and throw away!I was recently at Babies R Us and talking with a woman who wanted to purchase these ... I told her my story and she opted for another brand . The sales associate came over and ` showed ' me how to assemble the bottle so it would n't leak . I only watched to be polite ... but let me tell you ... at 2am , with a hungry baby , I really am not concerned with having to make sure everything is properly in line . I would much rather grab what I need , put the lid on and turn to tighten.We liked the shape of the Avent bottle and nipple ... so now for our second daughter we are using the Gerber Comfort Hold bottle system . It is great - nice wide bottle , good nipple shape -LRB- easy to switch between bottle and breast -RRB- - and best of all ... they do n't leak !
 On the advice of a friend we selected the Avent system , what a waste ! Regardless of how tight the cap was on we still experienced leaks . My major complaints with this system was the gas my daughter suffered while using them , and the hassle of sterilization after each use . As a new mom my time is better spent elsewhere ! After two weeks of dealing with the bottles we switched brands .
 I bought these because of the positive reviews and because all of my friends rave about them . My son was unable to latch on to the nipples and was having a miseable time getting the formula out of the bottle . It was awful ! He is 6 months old now and still ca n't get them to work right . We switched to the vent air . At least with vernt air you can use the Nuk nipples and they are better for teeth anyways ! The Avent only allow the large nipples that in our case were useless . If I could return the bottles I would .
 Like many others , I found that the nipple allowed alot of air and my baby had gas for the first time after using these bottles . Then I realized that these were designed as a complement to or transition from the breast . Since I have adopted our newborn , and I am bottle feeding , these nipples did not work for him at all .
 My newborn had to suck so hard for so long to get anything out of these bottles she hated them . We do like the wider mouths for make the bottles but its to much of a chore to get anything out of it . We bought Gerber 's newborn set . . its has 3 holes in the nipples and she loves them .
 I decided to use the Avent bottles with my son but they SUCK !!! I was very surprised that after all the hype about how great they are for my baby and all the money that I spent , the bottles leak and give my son gas ! I feel a lot better now after reading the other reviews that other Moms had the same problems ... I thought I was doing something wrong !!!
 Go ahead and read all the reviews and try to make an informed decision based on others experiences . -LRB- ... -RRB- The manual Avent breast pump was n't strong enough to do the job . The Avent bottles leaked no matter if they had breast milk or formula in them . My son HATED the nipple on the bottles and refused to even keep it in his mouth . Doing it again I would purchase ONE of several different types of bottles and let my son choose what makes him happy ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I heard so many great things about these bottles , but am so disappointed ! The nipples are just terrible . They did n't fit right and my son would suck and suck and NOTHING would come out . I tried replacing them , but the nipples themselves are so pricy ! The cheaper Evenflo and Gerber feeding systems worked much better .
 I decided to register for the Avent bottles before my baby was born . I made the mistake of opening all the packages and washing them , leaving me unable to return them if I was n't happy . Well , I was not happy at all with the bottles . Avent advertises that they are good for reducing colic because of the vented nipple , but I found this to be untrue for my child . She had excessive gas with these bottles and caused much discomfort . I spoke to a few other mothers who said the same thing . The bottles created such a vacuum that my daughter was unable to suck without having to stop often to release the vacuum that was created . I would not recommend these bottles to anyone especially if your baby has colic . I contacted Avent and they told me I was n't assembling the bottle properly . Needless to say I demanded a refund for the bottles .
 This bottle leaked all over and that is after following the assembly directions exactly AND my daughter hated it .
 Our baby is 1 week old , and she was n't feeding very well -LRB- she preferred to sleep -RRB- . The flow of other bottles we tried was too fast , so we decided to try Avent bottles ... BIGGEST MISTAKE EVER!We bought a pack of 3 bottles , and nothing would go through the nipple ... even my husband tried sucking on them and could n't get any liquid to flow . The worst thing was that we had already tried to feed our baby with one , and she had been sucking air for about 15 minutes !!! We called Avent customer service , and their solution was to exchange the bottles , which we did ... and ended up with 3 other bottles with the exact same problem . Talk about quality control , WHAT A JOKE !!!
 These bottles are terrible ! Everyone told me Avent is the bottle of choice and even the hospital told me to use these . Well , we used these for about 2 weeks and my poor son was very gassy and these bottles leaked all over . I switched to Dr. Brown 's and so far it has worked . Do n't waste your money on these bottles , go and buy the Dr. Brown 's .
 I found the nipples EXTREMELY hard for a new born baby to suck on . I used the Playtex bottles w / the disposable liner and it made my life much easier . In the playtex starter pack , there are also nipples of different sizes and shapes so your baby can decide whe one she likes .
 These bottles are the worst I 've ever seen . My son could not get latched on correctly , the nipples were too small , and then when he drank from them it went down way to quickly . And why should a bottle be so complicated that you have to either hold it just right or screw the lid on just right , not to tight you know . Who wants to mess with that in the middle of the night . We switched to the playtex natural latch and everything was much better . Yes you have the bags , but there is no leaking and no extra air . I only use these bottle with my pump and even then they are a pain in the butt , because they do n't want to stay screwed to the pump . ERRR !! Very frustrating .
 I HAD A PREMIE AND FOR ONE THING WOULD GAG BECAUSE THE NIPPLE WAS SO LONG HE COULD N'T LATCH ON , WHEN HE CAN ON OTHER NORMAL SIZED BOTTLE NIPPLES . HE WAS VERY COLICKY , WE GAVE THIS BOTTLE ANOTHER CHANCE WHEN HE WAS OLDER AND HE SEEMED TO GULP AIR WITH THIS BOTTLE . HE WAS ON THE STINKIEST FORMULA AND THIS BOTTLE , AFTER USED FOR A MONTH WOULD LEAK AROUND THE COLLAR AND THATS EXACTLY WHAT YOU DO N'T WANT , TO HAVE TO CHANGE AN INFANT AFTER EVERY FEEDING BECAUSE IT WOULD LEAK SO MUCH IT WOULD SATURATE HIS BIB . IF YOU HAVE A COLICKY BABY , THERE ARE BETTER BOTTLES OUT THERE IN THE SAME PRICE RANGE THAT WORK SO MUCH BETTER
 I was very disappointed with the Avent bottles because they leak , I have returned them to Babies R Us .
 Even after checking with the company about the hit or miss leaking and spending extra time making sure each nipple is correctly inserted , these bottles still leak . Not every time and not every day but on a regular basis . Very annoying .
 I have tried everything short of supper glue to keep them from leaking . Buy any other brand , just DO NOT BUY ADVENT !
 I bought a bunch of these bottle before I had my daughter , thinking these would be the best bottles as per mostly all my friends encourages me to get -LRB- no gassy babies with this bottle -RRB- . However , i noticed after a few weeks of breastfeeding more often -LRB- i mixed fed my baby when she was born , 60 % bottle/40 % breastmilk , i was still on the stage of learning to breastfeed that 's why she had a lot of bottle feeding that time -RRB- my daughter would n't latch on to the nipple -LRB- my milk was n't enough , need the bottle occasionally -RRB- , my daughter find the nipple too firm , it does n't feel like my breast . I checked another brand -LRB- a lot softer nipple -RRB- , and it works well for her . I am still hoping she 'll be able to use them once she get older though -LRB- there 's a bunch of them , it would be a big waste if she wo n't -RRB- . So -LRB- ... -RRB- , buy a couple of different bottles and see which one your newborn prefers . Yes , babies are very picky about the nipples .
 When I learned I was expecting triplets , I bought a large inventory of these bottles which I thought were the best out there . Boy , was I wrong ! These bottles leak , not just once in a while but with almost every feeding . I am constantly `` double checking '' them in hopes they wo n't leak all over my babies . I now cover my babies with a cloth diaper so that they do n't get soaked when - surprise ! - the bottle leaks all over them . Yes , I 've read the directions and no , I do n't over tighten the bottles . You ca n't take them with you for feedings on the go since they will leak all over your diaper bag or cooler bag . They are especially leaky when I prepare bottles in advance and store them in the refrigerator . There is something about the cold or condensation that affects the seal . The bottle must be disassembled , the top wiped dry and then reassembled . Lots of fun with three bottles - especially for 3 am feedings . Even if I am doing something wrong , a bottle that requires this much precision in assembly not to leak is not a very good product . If I had n't bought so many , I 'd throw them all away and get something else . Take it from someone who is using these bottles three times as often - they are a waste of money and a source of constant aggravation .
 We used these bottles the first night home from the hospital . UGH ! They were awful . He slept like a charm in the hospital . We came home and used these bottles ... he was up all night long ! He had horrible gas . I switched to the Playtex Vent Aire bottles , and they are WONDERFUL ! My baby is the easiest baby and does not cry or complain at all . But these Avent bottles sure did not agree with him at all . I would not wish these bottles on my worst enemy !
 These bottles LEAK ! We spoke to the local Babies R Us store manager about these bottles and she said she 'd never heard of them leaking . But , she told us to bring them back for store credit . If everyone returned their bottles Avent and Babies R Us will have to take notice .
 I have three kids , and for the third time , I am utterly dissapointed with Avent 's product . With each new child , we bought a fresh supply of bottles , hoping Avent had fixed this problem . We really wanted these bottles to work , as they seem to be the most durable and stylish ones on the market , and our kids never had any problems with the nipples . However , each time , we ended up having to switch to another brand.The leak is not just a spot here or there . It is often a torrential downpour , leaking out the sides of the white cap . I know many people who have had the same problem.For as expensive as these bottles are , I would think Avent would take more pride in their product , fixing such simple things as a leak.Don ' t waste your money .
 I bought this starter set based on the good reviews and I had heard that Avent bottle nipples were the closest thing to breastfeeding . My daughter refuses to take these bottles . I think that the nipple is too hard for her - it does n't really seem to mimic the breast to me ! I like the bottles themselves but I do n't think they are that great for a breastfeeding baby . I have since switched to the Playtex premium nurser system which has a softer nipple that my daughter likes . A word to the wise
 We have twin girls and were excited about the avent bottles that we had registered for . We received 32 bottles and have regretted registering for them ever sense . After following the directions , we have complaints about the nipple being a challenge for babies to get a grip on . A lot of the formula leaks out the side of their mouths while feeding them . This has n't changed in 9 weeks , I do n't believe they will adapt to them . Gerber bottles have worked great
 The Avent system was horrible for us . It claims that they are the best for `` Less Gas '' . Not worth the cost . We experienced more of the formula leaking all over our child and us and we triple checked the setup but they all still leaked like crazy . The claim they help in the prevention of `` Less Gas '' is not true in our case . We tried the Playtex drop-in 's and they worked good , but the Playtex VentAir system worked the BEST and for a colicie baby the results from the VentAir system were AWESOME ! Some say the Avent system worked for them and did n't leak , but we find it hard to believe that the 5 packages we have ALL leaked around the nipple seals . Just our opinion we thought to share .
 My newborn son is a very enthusiastic eater . With these bottles , however , he 's a little too enthusiastic ... the flow -LRB- even with a newborn nipple -RRB- is so fast , he can drink 4 ounces in less than 5 minutes ! The result ? A gassy , fussy baby who was projectile vomiting , and not at all satisfied with the need to suckle . I swithed to the wide Dr. Browns bottles and there has been a tremendous improvement . I think Avent bottles are WAY overrated .
 These bottles are terrible ! They leak allover the babies clothes . So bad that it seems like more gets on the baby than in their stomach . The Platex Ventaire bottles are much better .
 If you are using these bottles to feed a baby breastmilk ... they take a very long time to warm up . Remember that you ca n't microwave the milk so you have to place the bottle in warm water ... it will take about 10-15 minutes before they are ready . Also , I found that these bottles leak . I read all the reviews and knew that it might be a problem , but decided to try them anyway ... a mistake.Thinner bottles have worked best for me . I use the medela bottles -LRB- they come in a four pack and are sold as an accessory to the various breastpumps for storing the milk -RRB-
 I do not like these bottles at all ! I registered for this set after hearing how great these bottles are . Like anotber poster said , they leak if you do n't get the nipple and ring on JUST RIGHT and have soaked my son many times . I also find it frustrating to have to break the suction all the time because the bottle makes a loud squeaking noise . Totally annoying and not very soothing for those middle of the night feeds when you are trying to keep the baby as relaxed as possible . Get the playtex nurser system instead -- they are 100 % better !!!
 I bought this as a gift to my sister in-law who is having her first baby and has no clue about bottles . I have had two and used Avent but ... . when she opened these as a gift they were yellow and 1 four ounce bottle and 2 of the big ones ! I paid 30.00 dollars for a set that I was suppose to get 5 bottles ! My Avent bottles from Babies R Us was never yellow . I was embarrassed and I would never let my soon to be niece use these !
 The bottles leak ! When I complained at Avent 's website , the response was that I should use some water around the nipple ring so the seal is tight . What kind of design is that ? I 've had several occasions where the milk leaked as soon it was tilted to go into the baby 's mouth . It is very frustrating when you have to open the bottle and try re-sealing it several times while the baby is screaming . Besides the fact , it is annoying when breastmilk goes waste because of the bottle design . For what you pay for the bottles , I had expected better quality . I would definitely not recommend these bottles to any of my friends .
 I bought a couple of Avent bottles because of their reputation , and because I was given an Avent breast pump . I tried a few times to feed my baby from the bottle , and she had to gulp to try keep up with the flow while it still ran down her cheeks . That was with the newborn nipple . When I complained about this to a friend , she said that she 'd had the same experience with her baby . I found that the Playtex nursing system works much better . The hole is tiny , and the baby still has to work to get the milk out -- just like nursing . If you want to try them out , go buy one bottle at the store first .
 I tried the Avent bottles and they were really awful . First thing is that they create a terrible negative suction pulling-pressure while the baby is drinking , which is frustrating for the baby as it does not allow the food to flow freely through the nipple . It also causes the baby to suck air , causing severe gas ! The negative suction pressure also creates a terrible noise , which is oh-so-annoying to listen to !!!!! Also , the nipples are made of a hard plastic and it started to create blisters on my son 's lips from all of the hard sucking !!!! I switched to the Dr. Brown 's bottles and they are much , much better , eliminating all of these problems ! I tossed these bottles straight into the garbage ! Do n't waste your money !
 I bought the breast pump that came with extra bottles so I figured I would just use only these bottles and did n't bother to buy any others . The only time the bottle does n't seem to leak is when I put the collar on with a storage cap instead of a nipple . That 's rediculous that 95 % of the time the bottle leaks all over my son . My husband and I are so fed up with these bottles that we continually throw them into the sink after they have leaked all over our hands when trying to mix powdered formula . It 's also outrageous that people are saying that you need to tighten to a certain amount . I do n't have time for that when my son is screaming for a bottle after waking up from a nap . We 've gone on to finally use other brands of bottles after 3 months of this madness . I have no problem using the pump or storing the milk in these bottles for my next child , but will never use them with the nipples again . Very disappointed , especially when you even see celebs using this product .
 We got the whole set at our shower . Since had heard good things I just assumed they would work for our baby . I opened and washed the whole set only to discover that my son -LRB- who is breastfeeding -RRB- hated this bottle . The lactation consultant I spoke with said a lot of nursing babies dislike Advent because the nipples are too hard . She recommended the Evenflo Elite . Sure enough , he loved that bottle the first time . We ended giving the Advent bottles away . So the lesson here is just buy one to see if your baby likes it before you buy a set !
 I 've been using regular plain old bottles , and loving them -- once you learn how to adjust the cap so they let in a fine stream of bubbles , you do n't need these fancy systems.But when we left our baby at daycare , the young women working there often did n't have the sophistication to use those old bottles correctly -LRB- do n't get me started ... -RRB- e.g. I 'd come back and they 'd tell me the baby did n't take his milk today ... and I 'd find the bottles screwed on so tightly the baby could n't POSSIBLY have gotten any milk.So I bought a set of Avent bottles , hoping they would be `` no-brainers '' for those idiots who work in our daycare . Unfortunately , I found two problems . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The bottles may not leak when you feed the baby with them , but they certainly will leak if you transport them in a car , and they 're not perfectly upright . So , after my 15 minute drive to daycare , the milk would be half spilled out of the bottles . -LRB- 2 -RRB- A couple of the bottles leaked even while feeding the baby , and when i carefully examined the bottles , I saw the were n't quite perfectly round -LRB- at the lip , where the cap screws on -RRB- . One other reviewer suggested that they do n't leak , unless you do n't set them up properly ... I assure you , these bottles may leak even if you do everything perfectly.So , I 'm staying away from Avent . I tried one Dr. Brown 's bottle , which was n't half bad . But usually , I just buy a cheap set of Gerber nipples on a regular bottle , I 'm careful when I leave the bottles in daycare that they 're not too tightly screwed on , and that 's the best arrangement . And far cheaper . Whatever you do , you 'll need to periodically buy new nipples anyway , by the way !
 We have switched bottles with my daughter more times than I would like to admit . She 's had gas and discomfort with all of them . I decided to try Avent bottles ... I bought twelve of them and at first they seemed to relieve some of the gas . But they leak horribly . Sometimes it 's a few drops . But most times it 's like a continuous stream of formula.A couple of times I was n't paying close enough attention to the bottle while feeding and formula ended up soaking my daughter 's bib , her sleep sack , her onesie , and my shirt . The entire bottle emptied all over us before I knew it ... the leak was that fast ! I tried every suggestion given to me
 While I 'm a stubborn Anglophile , I 'm very disappointed by Avent 's products . The bottles are not comfortable for people with small hands -LRB- or stubby fingers -RRB- to hold , and the worst part is with the nipples , which are made of semi-hard plastic and too large for young babies . I think Dr. Brown 's or the Playtex Ventaire is way better . Even Gerber 's one-use disposable nipples are way better .
 Unfortunately , these bottles contain BPA that can leak into your baby 's milk if you heat them . When I found out we immediately switched to Evenflo glass bottles.Otherwise I actually liked the bottles . I liked the wide opening that allows for easy cleaning . I hardly had any leaks , only sometimes when I did n't screw the lid on just right or when the nipple was n't pulled all the way through.What I did n't like was that they are not compatible with any other breast pump except Avent breast pumps . However , Avent breast pumps never worked for me , so that was a major bummer . I think someone makes conversion kits for Avent bottles so they might fit onto a standard bottle sized breast pump.Why ca n't they make these in glass or at least in plastic without BPA ?
 I tried these , however , after calling AVENT I was informed that the bottles contain BPA ! I switched to the tempo liner bottle and my son took the change fine .
 I had these bottles -LRB- which are quite pricey -RRB- when my daughter was born . These are what I registered for because everyone said they were the best . I am just telling you that after a few months , I dumped these for much cheaper bottles . I DID read instructions , I did call and email Avent for guidance . I am not a moron , I know how to assemble a bottle and I did go step by step with them and still , leaks . Before buying these , just ask yourself `` If I have to read detailed instructions to put a bottle together , and it still might leak , is it really worth it ? `` Trust this experienced mom . It 's not .
 A lot of bubbles form in these bottles for some reason . In other bottles -LRB- Evenflo , in particular -RRB- when I mix the formula not many bubbles form , and the ones that do will dissipate over a short time . In these ones , the bubbles do not go away and the baby ends up getting too much air with his feeding . Plus , you can hearthe air going in when he sucks . `` Read the instruction book '' . I do n't think so . How about just do n't fall for some overpriced middle brow Euro fad .
 My newborn son hated these ! The nipples were to hard for him and he had alot of spit up with these ! Not good for a colic baby eventhough they advertise to reduce colic . He was n't pleased with them at all and neither was I. I recommend Dr. Browns they have very soft nipples and reduced the amount of colic and he no longer has spit up !!! It costs just the same too but it has many parts to the bottle but who cares about your own convenience whats more important is that the baby eats without getting fussy right ? He enjoys feeding time now and finishes his bottles all the time with Dr. Browns . If spending the money is an issue go to the store and buy Evenflo Comfi he liked those too but the nipple was a problem again so I bought extra Dr Brown nipples .
 I just read all of the reviews here and i see that no one is having the same problem I had . I decided to try avent bottles this time around because i figured it would be less maintenance with cleaning as when I used Dr. Browns with my son the first time around . I was very dissappointed with avent because my daughter is sucking and sucking and nothing is coming out ? does anyone know why this is happening ? I am not breastfeeding either . so now I am back to dr browns and she has no problens sucking but is constantly getting the hiccups . I might try somethimg else before making my final decision but again I was unhappy with Avent !
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that AVENT products contain BPA / Bisphenol A. I 'm returning everything to Babies R Us . It 's in their pacifiers and bottles and I 'm pretty sure their breast pump as well . Needless to say I am returning my sterilizer , bottles , pacifier and pump . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 I had to switch to bottles because of low milk production and having to supplement soon after my son was born . I love the look and feel of avent bottles but my son has a small mouth and was unable to get a good suction on this nipple . He would leak milk everywhere or squirt it at us , it was very messy . Therefore I had to switch very quickly to playtex standard bottles.I also do n't recommend buying many 4oz bottles , my son drank less than four ounces for only about 6 weeks and he was up to 5 ounces , and it is a pain to have to fix two bottles .
 These bottles leak . I have tried everything including reading the instructions . Why are instructions needed anyway to screw on a nipple !?! It should seem simple enough . Even when they do n't leak initially when preparing the bottle and testing for leaks , they will leak eventually when the bottles are on its side such as falling over in the baby bag , or when feeding the baby .
 I 've used Avent for both my children and am so frustrated . I agree with everyone else ... they leak on occasion , for no apparent reason . I screw the cap on as tightly as I can and they still leak . I 've had to change my daughter 's entire outfit twice in less than 12 hours b/c the darn bottle leaked so badly . I will never recommend these to a new mom .
 I registered for and received these bottles as a shower gift . At first I loved the ease of cleaning and sterilizing , but soon after switching from the breast to the avent bottles I began experiencing leaks no matter what I did . As a new mother of twins I have no time for leaks . My husband and I have grown tired of formula dribbling down our babies chins and piling burp rags all around the bottles . When you have two babies there is no time for extras like fussing with a leaky bottle . Who wants to worry about leaks when you have babies crying at two in the morning . I was warned about this by my sister , sister-in-law , and others I should have taken their advice . I will be out shopping for new bottles tomorrow .
 This seemed like the PERFECT set to get me started with my twins . However , as I learned during a 3am feeding the bottles LEAK BIG TIME !!!! Unfortunatley my 1 month old suffered the most since he was SOAKED . Bottle leaks not from the nipple but from the collar ... I contacted avent and they were helpful in telling me ALL the things I was doing wrong in preparing bottle . So I followed their directions and GUESS WHAT ?? still leaked ... UUUGHHHHHHTherefore , out of the entire set I was only able to use the pacifiers and bottle brush ... 30 dollars is alot for these 3 items ...
 We tried these because of all the hype about how they `` support breastfeeding . '' If that means that your child will hate the Avent nipple so much that s/he will clamor back to the breast , then I agree . If , on the other hand , you actually expect your child to eat from the bottle , get something else . My daughter hated the nipple shape -LRB- it actually gagged her -RRB- , and got incredibly frustrated with the newborn -LRB- 1-hole -RRB- nipple . We tried the 2-hole , and could at least get some food down her with it , but she still gagged and fought . Then we tried a Dr. Brown 's with a Level 1 nipple , and had a happy , full baby . We have a pile of Avent bottles and nipples sitting in a bag in the closet if you want them !
 We bought these bottles because they were supposed to be the closest to breast feeding . I was planning on bottle and breastfeeding . These bottles leaked all over my baby and our rugs.We had to change the soaked outfits in the middle of the feedingand put more formula in the bottle . -LRB- all in the middle of the night when we were half asleep ... Also , my son had the worst gas because he was sucking and sucking and was n't getting only small amounts of formula and probably air . . It was taking him 45 minutes to drink 3 ozs . . We switched to Dr Browns since my son has Reflux and have been so happy ever since . Of course after I asked around , everyone else had the same problems with the Advent - now they tell me ! I 'm here to tell everyone , do n't buy these bottles . Advent should go back to the drawing board and fire the product developers who worked on this !
 I registered for these bottles for my shower . They are horrible . They leak all over the place and my poor son gets soaking wet . I have to stop and change him , meanwhile he 's crying because he 's hungry . I had gotten the Playtex Ventair bottles too and they are so much better . They do not leak and prevent air from getting in my son 's belly . I went out and bought more . Never again will I use Avent bottles ... waste of money .
 We registered for the Avent newborn starter set thinking it was the best for gas , spit up , etc. . Our son spit up and cried for 2 hours after eating from this system because of stomach pain . We thought it might be lactose intolerance so we switched formula . This did no good , so after doing some research we ended up with Dr. Brown 's wide neck bottles . This was the answer to our prayers . Within a day or so the spit up stopped and the crying after feeding subsided . Besides the normal newborn gas ... our son is doing much better ! My advice to parents is to not register for or buy this complete system ... buy a few different types of bottles and see which one your little one takes to . This system is too expensive to buy , sterilize and then not use !
 My husband and I originally tried the Avent bottles after several recommendations from previous users and after doing some research on our own . However , we switched to Dr. Brown 's when our son began suffering from gas and nipple confusion , since I am nursing . We ca n't express how much we LOVE the Dr. Brown 's bottles . Our son 's gas IMMEDIATELY disappeared and he no longer suffered from nipple confusion . The Avent nipples are TOO HARD for a breastfed baby . Dr. Brown 's bottles are the BEST BOTTLES ON THE MARKET ! Pass on these ... do n't believe the hoopla .
 I sunk a fortune into the Avent bottles based on all the positive reviews I had read . My son never did catch on to using these bottles . When he was a newborn , it took him forever to get anything because he struggled with the nipple . He also had a lot of problems with getting too much air , and I did n't find that these bottles helped with that in the least bit . We ended up switching to Dr. Browns bottles , which he never had any problems with and still uses now at 6 months of age.I do , however , use these as baby food containers and love them for that purpose . When I am not feeding my son an entire jar , I just spoon what I want into one of these . It fits in the Avent bottle warmer and this type of container is much easier to scoop baby food out of than a bowl where everything spreads out . Because of this , I gave these bottles 2 stars instead of only 1 .
 I registered and received these bottles as a gift . I have a friend that swears by them . Just like a lot of other people , ours leaked no matter how we put the collar on and they did n't seem to help my daughter from getting a lot of gas . I bought the Ventaire bottles and love them . We do n't have any of these issues anymore . I do like the fact that there are n't as many pieces to put together but the problems far outweigh the pluses with the Avent bottles for us .
 It 's 3am in the morning and needless to say , this is NOT the time that I would normally choose to be on the computer writing an on-line review . In fact , I 've never written one of these reviews before , but I used them to research products when I was registering and I had to take the time to write one now and try to warn others . I have been using the Avent bottles since my son was born 9 weeks ago and I have never been so dissatisfied with a product ! These bottles LEAK ! They are awful . I just had a nightmare 3am feeding -LRB- actually all 3am feedings are nightmares , but this one was even worse than usual ! -RRB- . The bottle leaked all over my son , me , my floor , my table . I had to interrupt my son 's feeding several times to wash him off and try to stop the flow of milk onto my floor - I even had to change his bib 3 times because it had soaked through . These leaks seem to happen all the time - I have actually thrown out one or two bottles , hoping that there was a strange , abnormal `` defect '' with one of the bottles or the nipple , etc , but NO - these bottles are just leaking ! Do n't waste the time or money - try something else .
 These bottles leak terribly . Even on the newborn nipples , the milk pours out practically choking baby . Do not buy these bottles . I contacted the Avent directly and they were extremely unhelpful .
 These bottles look so nice and are so durable BUT they only offer one kind of nipple and are not compatible with any other system , so if you child does n't like thier nipple , you 're heavily invested in a huge set that is useless . And Avent is SO expensive ! Niether of my boys liked these bottles/nipples . I primarily breastfeed and the shape of these nipples are nothing like mine . The silicone is the wrong texture too - nothing like the real thing.If you really like the look of Avent and think you want to use them , buy just one bottle and nipple to start until you are sure they work.In my opinion , a much better starter system is the Playtex -LRB- I use the Drop-Ins -RRB- - it comes with several different nipple shapes to try , including latex , which has a more realistic texture.I foolishly bought the Avent starter set because someone somewhere told me that they were the most breastfeeder friendly and that companies that make bottles AND formula only want to sabatoge your brreastfeeding efforts - - what a silly and paranoid accusation that turned out to be !
 I started my newborn out using the Avent bottles . After a few weeks , she began crying alot . You could hear the gas moving in her tummy , and every time her tummy would grumble , she would pull her legs up and shriek in pain . She would also pass gas constantly . It was so difficult to feed her because she would cough , spit and cry the whole time . Then she would be miserable with gas pains for hours afterwards . I tried switching formulas - did n't work . Tried mylicon , Zantac , gripe water , bicycling her legs , etc. etc. etc. . . nothing worked . The pediatrician diagnosed her with colic and said there was nothing we could do , that she would outgrow it . Finally , we decided to switch bottles -LRB- I switched to Playtex nursers . -RRB- Instantly we noticed a difference ! She was extremely quiet during feedings , did n't squirm or cry ! She began ingesting almost TWICE as much formula per feeding -LRB- probably because her tummy was too full of gas to take in any more with the Avent bottles ! -RRB- and would go longer between feeds . And when she swallowed , it sounded different - you could tell that she was no longer swallowing air ! Something about those Avent bottles made her swallow tons of air . I think it was the suction that was created inside the bottle as she ate . With the Playtex nursers , the liner inside the bottle contracts as she eats , eliminating any air bubbles . She is a completely different baby now . She is more alert and interacts with us much more because she spends less of her awake time crying.So if you decide to buy these bottles - BEWARE . If you are already using them and your baby has colic , switch immediately ! Do n't just assume that colic is `` normal '' or will be `` outgrown . '' Babies do n't deserve to suffer this way !!!!
 When using these bottles with my newborn , stage 1 flow was very fast for her . The nipples are very hard -LRB- not like the breast at all -RRB- . She would get alot of gas when using these bottles . I switched to Platex Ventaire and we both loved them . Those bottles are a hundred times better .
 The tiny lip on the nipple does not count as breakthrough technology in preventing the baby from swallowing air . I recommend Dr. Brown 's bottles . They cost more , but they 're worth it .
 We used these bottles sporadically when my daughter was a newborn , however I mostly breastfed for 5 months . We thought it was important upon the advice of our pediatrician that as a supplement to breastfeeding , she also get one bottle a day . At first she took the Avent bottle , but then she balked and would n't take this bottle at all . I think the nipples are way too fast , as you may see if you buy them , all you have to do is tip the bottle upside down and milk shoots out -LRB- even the `` slow '' newborn nipples -RRB- . I also think they are too big for some babies mouths , as well as letting a ton of air in the bottle . I then tried the Gerber bottles with smaller nipples , which also allow too much air in . Finally , and for the past 6 1/2 months , we have been using the Playtex Vent-Aire . There are NO AIR BUBBLES WHATSOEVER !!! We use the regular nipple , which only allows milk out as my baby sucks . There is also a Natural Vent-Aire , but I think these nipples are like Avent 's , too big . I see a lot of people use the Avents , so it must work for some people . However they are very trendy , but not nearly the best as I had heard before having my baby .
 I have a four month old baby and these bottles are horrible . The leaking seems to be getting worse the more that I use them . I follow the directions and still terrible . I took reviews seriously when I registered should have listened ... Good Luck !
 If you want Niagra Falls flowing down your baby 's face and neck when feeding , get these bottles . The flow is WAY too fast for a newborn . These bottles also leak and produce a lot of air which results in a gassy baby . I ca n't tell you how much these bottles negatively impacted our quality of life during those first few months . Do n't get me wrong -- we were extremely happy -LRB- nothing could change that -RRB- but the bottles made difficult moments even harder . My husband , the typical guy , probably does n't know the brand of 99 % of our baby items . However , he and another new dad at his office bonded over how horrible Avent bottles are . They both tell the other expectant daddies at the office not to buy them . You feed your baby a lot and these bottle problems often occur in the middle of the night and/or just after other successive occurances such as a screaming baby peeing on and then immediately pooping on you . You are tired , your nerves are shot and then you have to deal with a bottle issue . Then you get really mad because this could have been easily prevented with a well-made bottle . You stay mad when you are trying to get formula stains out of cute clothes . The worst part was that we were too busy and tired to research other bottles so we just lived like this . We ended up getting Playtex bottles which we absolutely love . We use the Playtex Nurser System -LRB- traditionally shaped straight bottles with disposable liners -RRB- . Our lives are so much easier . Yes , we -LRB- or others -RRB- spent the money on 12 Avent bottles that we do n't use but I hardly care . Problem solved .
 YOU HAVE TO TAKE A COURSE TO SCREW THE CAP ON THESE BOTTLES . THEY SURE LOOK CUTE , BUT THEY ARE JUST A WASTE OF MONEY . I FOLLOWED ALL DIRECTIONS AND IT HAS NEVER WORKED . STICK WITH THE CHEAP BOTTLES . THEY DO WORK AND NO BOTTLE WILL DO THE MIRACLE FOR GAS IN BABIES . IT IS A NORMAL THING . THEIR DIGESTIVE SYSTEM IS MATURING AND GAS IS NORMAL . NO $ 20 BOTTLE WILL DO THE MIRACLE . BUY SOME MILICON INSTEAD . IT WORKS WONDERS AND IT DOES NOT LEAK .
 These bottles leak and cause much more gas then most other systems . If you are trying to avoid gas , try playtex originals or Dr. Browns . If you want to trendy , over priced bottle ... get these .
 Do NOT buy these bottles !! Save yourself from a lot of stress & frustration !! Our Avent bottles leaked all the time & our daughter had a lot of gas . I called Avent customer service to find out how I could get my money back & they were extremely rude to me . I very politely explained my problem with the bottles & the customer service representative immediately got a rude tone with me and said `` There is nothing I can do for you - we do not give refunds . The problem is not with our bottles - you just are not using them properly . ''
 I HATE THOSE BOTTLES I REALLY DO . . THEY GAVE MY BABY GAS.YOU CAN HEAR THE MILK GO DOWN HER LITTLE TUMMY.THE BOTTLES MADE HER DRINK 2 FAST SHES ONLY 5 WEEKS AND THEY WERE NEWBORN NIPPLES.THE LEAKING WHEN YOU SCREW THE TOP ON.SO I TRYED THE PLAYTEX VENTAIRE NATURAL SHAPE BOTTLES.LIKE ALOT OF PEOPLE SAID THERE GREAT I WOULD RECOMMED THE PLAYTEX BOTTLES ...
 YEAH I RECIEVE THE BOTTLES AS A BABY SHOWER GIFT . . SHE IS NOW 5 WEEKS OLD AND THE BOTTLES LEAKS FROM THE SIDE AND ALSO FROM FROM HER MOUTH MILK LEAKS . . AND THE NIPPLE HOLE IS 2 BIG OR SOMETHING CAUSE IT MAKE HER CHOKE ON THE MILK . . SO I 'M SITTING HERE READING ALL THE REVIEWS AND I 'M LIKE WOW THATS HAPPENING TO US SO I 'M GOING 2 THE STORE TODAY AND GOING 2 TRY THE PLATEX VENT AIR BOTTLES ...
 These bottles leak around the nipple even when assembled correctly . This can be extremely frustrating when you ca n't even get through a feeding without getting breast milk all over your hands and everything else . I would give these bottles zero stars except for the fact that my baby accepted the Avent bottles and has been reluctant to drink from the other popular brands . If she would accept any of the other brands I would n't still be using these .
 My baby had terrible gas and colic and i was using the Playtex Ventaire natural shape bottles . someone gave me an avent bottle to try . I was desperate to find something that would releive her but this bottle was not it either . i didnt find that the bottle itself leaked but the milk came out too fast and caused my baby to choke and spit up all over . i was disappointed because the Avent bottles seemed as though they would be easier to clean and assemble than the Vent Aires . after this i reluctantly tried the Dr Browns bottles and i am glad i did because they worked great the first day , no gas or colic and baby slept all nite : - -RRB- i just recently tried the wide neck Dr. Browns and like them even better than the standard dr browns . You Avent users might like the wide neck Dr Browns also b/c they are easy to clean and pour milk into like the Avents , there are more parts but so worth it to releive colic . Too bad the Vent Aires didnt work b/c they are the cutest bottles of the 3 though .
 I purchased the starter set when my daughter was born and have nothing but trouble with them . It is not hard to put them together correct but they still leak . They would also leak around my daughters mouth . I think she wore more of her formula then she ate . We switched to Dr.Browns , they are a little bit of a pain to wash but worth it .
 DO N'T WAIST YOUR MONEY . THE BOTTLES LEAK !!! I CALLED THE COMPANY AND THEY SAID IT WAS MY FAULT . THEY SAID I PUT THE TOP ON TOO TIGHT . THEY TOLD ME TO SELL MY BOTTLES TO A COMPANY CALLED `` ONCE UPON A CHILD '' WEB SIGHT . I WENT TO PLAYTEX AND I HAVE NOT HAD ONE LEAK .
 I uses these bottles for my first two children - they were fine but with a few annoying leaks . Because they are so easy to wash , I was willing to overlook a few leaks when our twins were born , so I bought a few more . These are possibly the most `` leaky '' bottles I ` ve ever used . I have read the directions , checked and rechecked that the nipples are installed in the ring properly , tightened and retightened the rings but to no avail ! For the price paid for them , they should be of much better quality . I am dissapointed !
 I chose these bottles admittedly because it 's a well known brand . However upon using these bottles I became increasingly frustrated with leaking issues . The caps leak frequently and waste the formula that should be ingested by my baby . It also appeared to create gas which made her miserable . I would never buy Advent again .
 I also had trouble with the bottles leaking . It may just be a matter of not having the nipple perfectly centered or the threads on the cap perfectly aligned , but what new mom needs to be bothered with that in the middle of the night?This was my third child and the first time I 've used Avent . My baby is 4 months old and I finally just gave up and bought a pack of cheap bottles . The Avent ones are just too much trouble and I did n't see any reduction in gas , etc. as advertised.On the plus side the wide mouth bottle is much easier to clean than the other brands .
 I registered for these bottles because they were `` The '' bottle to get at the time my son was born . However , after a few months of trial and error we switched to Dr. Brown 's and have been extremely pleased . The milk either came out too fast or was too hard to get out . We tried every available nipple and could not find one to suit him . I threw them away and started over . My recommendation is that you buy only one bottle of several kinds and see which one works best with your child and then stick to that one . I wish I had not used so many of them and wasted them .
 These bottles are awful . And they leak , even if you follow the directions . I spoke to an Avent representative and they do not refund , they send you a box so that you can send them the bottles for a test . If they leak , they send you new ones , if they do n't you get yours back . I told her I wanted my money back and she said they do not refund because they know that they do not leak . I am wondering why they make such a difficult-to-assemble bottle ? Why , at 3am , do I have to worry so much about the collar of the nipple being just so and not overtightening and this and that . Can Avent please just make a bottle with fool-proof assembly at over 4 bucks a pop ??? I know that some babies are picky with their nipples , but mine is not and she does n't care what the milk comes out of , just make sure it comes out . So we have switched to some cheapy bottles that amazingly do not leak . I think they cost $ 1 a piece . Keep it simple , stupids.UPDATE
 These bottles may be great for older babies , but are not good for newborns . The nipples are far too large , letting in too much air causing spitting up and lots of burps . We do not have these problems with Nuk or Medela newborn bottles and nipples.Contrary to another reviewer , even if you do assemble these bottles perfectly correctly , the still leak from time to time.For these reasons , I can not recommend them for other newborns .
 These bottles are horrible ! They leak no matter how much or little you tighten the ring .
 These bottles have been used in the UK for years . I bought one and my husband made the passing remark , Oh , everyone uses these back home -LRB- him being British -RRB- . When shopping for bottles while I was pregnant , we 'd bought the Newborn set of Playtex drop-ins , a gift-set of the Ventaires and it was n't until my son was about 2 weeks old that I bought one of these.My son is now 11 weeks old and I can honestly say that I only use this bottle as a last resort . My husband and I , both have had problems with leaks , though not terribly so . It is n't due to the lack of following instructions , either . As I said , these are the most common ones my husband has used in England and he 's very familiar with them.The main reason I do n't like these bottles is that the vents are on the nipple ring , allowing the air to pass through and aerate the formula , contributing to gas , which is thought to be the main cause of colic . The slower flow nipple is still too fast for my baby , even with him being a big eater . He has trouble controlling the flow on this bottle , that 's where he gets messy , stuggles to feed , gets frustrated and then refuses the bottle . The ventaire bottles allow the natural vacuum in the bottle to suck air in through the bottle of the bottle via a thin silicone membrane on the vent rings . No air enters the formula and bubbles stay far away from baby 's tummy.Like others , I too , have found that the nipple is n't helpful to a breast/bottle fed baby . The shape looks like it would be helpful with latch as the pacakge suggests , but , really , any wide neck bottle provides a bit of latch help just as much . The silicone on these is just too thick and firm.If you do want to try these bottles , I suggest putting in an anti-gas agent , like simethicone -LRB- Mylicon , I use the Wal-mart brand ... much more affordable -RRB- , into the formula before shaking . This will greatly reduce the retention of bubbles in the bottle , and burp your baby well . I also suggest getting the nipple slower than what the package suggests.Just remember , bubbles going through the formula means bubbles in the tummy , and bubbles in the tummy means gas and discomfort .
 I am not impressed by these bottles . Yeah they work and I guess get the job done . However , they DO leak and are not breastfed baby compatible no moatter how they are advertised . My son will drink from them when he HAS too but never is happy afterwards due to the gas it causes in him . I am not looking for a better option . I am glad they were a gift and I did not spend any money on them .
 I liked Avent Bottles , my daughter Liked them too ! Then I found out about Bisphenol - A being used to make the Bottles . After re-searching Bisphenol - A , I discovered that exposing my baby to harmful chemicals with the potential for long term affects later in life , was definitely not for me !! There are other options out there , all glass bottles are safe , as well as Born Free , Mam by Sassy , Green to Grow and Adrini . Do your own research . I 'm really surprised the non Bisphenol - A Free bottles have n't been recalled yet ! I 'm sure it 's just a matter of time , before enough people are educated .
 `` These are supposed to be the best bottles '' !!!! This is what I was told , but no one told me they leaked . After my son was born , my husband and I bought a couple boxes of the different sizes of the avent bottles . I told him that everyone says these are the best bottles to use . After using them , my husband and I noticed they leaked . Not all the time , but often enough . This got very frustrating , especially at 2:00 in the morning when we were tired . We would put the cap on numerous times and the bottle would still leak . The leak was coming from the cap not the nipple . I also noticed how messy they are . My son always spit his formula out while drinking because I think the hole in the size 1 nipple is too big . His shirt would be soaked and formula would get on his neck after feeding him . We packed all the bottles away and we use the playtex ventaire . These bottles work so much better . They are not messy at all and they do not leak . I can even feed my son without putting a bib on him . I 'm sure others like the avent bottles , but my experience with them was not so good . My advice for mothers , especially new ones , would be to get a couple different brands to experiment with . This way you can decide what works better for baby and you .
 We purchased over 20 Avent bottles for my daughter before she was born because we had heard so many great things about the bottle and also saw the good reviews.My daughter took the Avent for about two weeks ... then she all of a sudden decided that she did n't want to take it anymore!We tried every single bottle on the market and the only bottle that she will take is the Playtex Deluxe Nurser . The nipple is soft on her gums and it acts exactly like a real breast nipple acts.My advise to new or expectant parents is ... do n't buy a lot of any one bottle until you are sure that your baby is going to latch on well ! Trust me ... I have over $ 100 in unused Avent bottles that are collecting dust !
 When registering for baby products , my husband and I had no idea where to start with choosing baby bottles , so of course we assumed the Avent were the best since they are more expensive . We quickly learned our lesson ! We used the bottles for a month , my daughter was always so cranky after a feeding and we could n't figure out why . It turned out that it was gas that was causing her so much pain . She would scream and scream ! We finally realized , after noticing all of the bubbles in the bottle , there was too much air getting into her belly ! On top of that her shirt would be soaked after a feeding , the smallest nipple they have for those bottles is still too much for an infant . She would drink the bottle so fast and it would just pour down her cheek onto the front of her . Needless to say we stopped using the Avent bottles , -LRB- now that we have 2 dozen ! -RRB- and switched to the Playtex Ventaire , it was such a huge difference , no bubbles in the bottle , no belly pain from gas , and no formula stained shirt ! We love these new bottles .
 I see where others have stated that if you read the directions these bottles will not leak . That is NOT so . I am an educated person and I have checked and re-checked the bottles , they are assembled correctly . These bottles are awful about leaking , and sometimes you can just turn the bottle a certain way to keep them from leaking , but it is very frustrating to leak your hard-earned breast milk from a poorly constructed bottle . The other reviews are correct unfortunately-the nipples are the best and that is why I continue to use them . My daughter will not take any other nipple even after trying other brands . She likes the advent ones . My recommendation to all moms would be to not even start with the advent ones . I have been told the vent aire from playtex are great and never leak . ???
 Hey , who does n't love formula stains all over every piece of clothing they own ? And who does n't want to hear their baby scream in the middle of the night while they try for the umpteenth time to get the stupid nipple on right ? If the answer is you then you might not want to spend a fortune on annoying Avent.After investing a load of money in these leaky things , I did find that my daughter likes them . However , my daughter has always eaten like a horse and would probably drink formula from an old tennis shoe just as happily so I 'm not giving Avent ANY credit . I have not experimented with other bottles because I 'm destitute after sinking so much money into these things.The hand pump works great for a hand pump . And of course , the idea is that you can pump and just attatch the nipple and feed the baby . Great idea but if you 're like me and you cherish every drop of breast milk for the pain and effort it took you to create it then you hardly want to see it pouring out of what basically turns into a collander if the top is n't on right.I 've heard theories about why these leak . Lid is too tight . Lid is too loose . I 've tested all of this and none of it works . And I believe if enough people have problems with these bottles to come up with theories for why they leak , why on Earth does anyone else buy them . I will say that my dog has developed a taste for formula and truly enjoys these bottles . He knows that usually there will be a puddle of formula for him to lick up after I 've tested the bottle for leaks the 1st 2nd and 3rd times.The choice is yours . But if you have nowhere better to sink your money just let me know . You can pay me half as much and I 'll come over and sprinkle formula all over your kitchen .
 I feel like Avent makes good quality merchandise , but I really hate these bottles , namely the nipples . Not only do they leak if not pulled into the collar well enough , but also if the collar is not screwed onto the bottle just so . If you ever need to assemble them while half asleep , that can prove to be quite a mess . Also , as another reviewer stated , the nipples are quite hard and I have found that both my breastfed babies preferred softer nipples , such as Healthflow -LRB- disposable -RRB- and Playtex disposable wide . I also purchased a million of these bottles to store breast milk , but found it 's so much easier to buy milk storage bags and use them with disposable liner-style bottle systems -LRB- specifically , Playtex -RRB- . They thaw quicker when frozen , store in less space , and you do n't have to transfer them to a bottle with an acceptable nipple ! :o-RRB- All in all , if you want a good manual pump , buy the Avent Isis ... but I would not recommend the bottles for feeding .
 I was a first time mom concerned about bottle feeding and only wanting the best . I bought these bottles . They leak . The 9 oz leak worse than the 4 oz . At first it was just aggrevation but I could get it to stop leaking by taking off cap and drying inside of cap and neck of bottle thoroughly -LRB- while my son cried for his bottle -RRB- . Then that did n't always work . I had some luck when I would patiently let the bottles air dry thoroughly before I filled them . Then that did n't always work . Then some of the bottles started pouring out formula on my son -LRB- not just dripping -RRB- no matter what I did to try to fix it . I always put together the bottles just as everyone and the package recommends . I ended up hating feeding time because of the leaking . After three months , I finally switched to Gerber bottles - the cheap ones $ 2.99 for three at Target . They work great . They do n't leak . My son does n't have any issue with gas or with taking the nipple -LRB- it is the same as the nipple on the little bottles from the hospital -RRB- . And finally feeding time is pleasant again . I wish I would have started with the inexpensive Gerber and sought out an expensive bottle only if my son had a problem with gas . As a first time mom , I did n't realize that many babies do n't have a problem with gas and do n't need expensive specialized bottles .
 I would never reccommend these bottles to anyone . I am a nursing Mother and thought these bottles we suppsose to mimic the breast . They do just the opposite . There were so many bubbles in the bottle that I could hear them ... because of this it caused my 3 week old to become gassy and very cranky . I soon switched to playtex nursers and she is great with them . The nipples on the Playtex Nurser are much softer and mimic the breast much more closely than the Avent . Over all , the Avent bottles are a waste of money !
 My son could not latch on to this bottle 's nipple , not because I was using it incorrectly or using the wrong level nipple , but because of it 's shape . The milk would run out of the sides of his mouth , and you could tell that he was having a hard time forming his mouth to the shape of the nipple . I switched to the Playtex bottle and their orthodontic nipple , which is designed to fit the shape of a baby 's mouth , and you could almost see the relief on my baby 's face as he latched onto it perfectly , and he is now able to drink his entire bottle without half of it running down his neck !
 I used these bottles with my second child , and they leaked everywhere . I read some of the other reviews , and I did read the directions correctly and screw the bottles on right , and they still leaked . They also leaked when my husband did it , and when my sister used them for her baby . I do like the bottles , but I hated the fact that it was hit or miss when it came to leaking . The bottles would leak all over my daughter , and she would get extremely upset , and I would get frustrated . I even contacted Avent , and they were n't helpful at all . I would recommend trying another kind if possible .
 I have a 2 mo old son and was so excited when I saw these ... no bags and a wide nipple . I am BF but have to supplement w/formula . These bottles leak everytime I have to use one ! And It 's not just me ... my mom and my husband have made bottles and they leak for them also . I 'm doing research on which bottles to try now but I will be so glad when I can throw these in the trash . . they have been such a waste of money ... and formula !
 These bottles leak all the time . It seems like you need to put the lid on just perectly so that the milk does n't come pouring out from the sides . I get terribly frustrated when using them and my son gets frustrated when I take the bottle from him so I can dry him and my carpet off . These bottles are horrible .
 When I had Eli - everyone was recommending avent - avent - avent . So , that is what I registered for and was using , until ... 2 1/2 months and Eli and I had to spend a week in the hospital . The nurses there told us that avent 's nipple is the most difficult nipple to suck from - it was way too hard for Eli to suck from . We found evenflo worked best for us . So , I recommend before investing in a lot of one type of bottle , test out a few and find out what works best for your child .
 I have read a review -LRB- probably from the manufacturer -RRB- suggesting people are experiencing dripping because we do n't follow directions . I have two kids , and believe that the problem is just that the bottles are poorly designed . I have had to change my kid 's shirts at three in the morning because they get wet from the bottle . This is so frustrating that not only am I taking the time to tell anybody who is interested to not buy this product but I am also writing the manufacturer to complain and get my money back . Save your sanity , it really is that frustrating .
 I bought 36 Avent bottles before my twins were born because I read that they were the best . I ended up throwing them all out because they leaked . There 's nothing worse than a bottle , that leaks during a 3 am feeding to the point that you need to change your newborn 's clothes . Do n't buy them . I now use Dr. Brown 's bottles - which I love .
 I , just as the other new moms thought that the Avent bottles were suppose to be really good . Well , let me tell you that they are not . If you do n't put the cover on `` just right '' they will leak . I can go just about a whole feeding without it leaking and then right at the end it will leak . I would not recommend these bottles .
 I HATE this travel system . I 'm only 5 ' 5 '' and the stroller is still much too short for me . Every time I use it I 'm constantly walking into the wheels . Also , every time I go over a bump the front wheels LOCK and I have to stop and go around to the front of the stroller to unlock them again . It drives me nuts!The baby sits so low to the ground that the center of gravity on this thing is waaaay off , making it a nightmare to navigate over curbs.oh , and the basket is utterly useless and I have no idea why it was even included as nothing fits in it.If I could return this piece of garbage I would but it 's much too late for that . I now must begin the humiliating process of begging my husband for a new stroller .
 I am very frustrated with the way these bottles frequently leak ! It 's especially disheartening when I work hard at pumping breast milk for my baby only to have an ounce or more of the `` liquid gold '' leak out into the bottom of my diaper bag . I do n't know what is causing the leaking but I 've talked with other parents who are frustrated by this DEFECT as well . Sometimes the leaking stops if I unscrew the ring , turn it counter-clockwise and re-tighten ... but not always . I 've dealt with these leaky bottles for seven months now and I 'm REALLY tired of it . It 's unfortunate because I like the AVENT system - from breast to tippy-cup . It 's a great concept ... if it only worked PROPERLY . Now that my baby is starting on the tippy cups I 'm finding that the cups leak , too ! The only thing stopping me from throwing these bottles , cups , rings , nipples & sealing cups into the garbage is that I have so many and have invested so much money in your product , it would be a HUGE monetary loss . But , I 'm almost at that point ... it 's almost more hassle than I 'm willing to put up with any longer . Will someone please explain why this company continues to sell a product that is DEFECTIVE ?!
 I used these bottles for expressed breast milk to give my husband a chance to feed our baby . The bottles do not leak , like I have read in the other reviews . But , I used the # 1 nipple which takes my daughter 45 minutes to finish and she constantly falls asleep during feeding . The # 2 stage nipple took her only 15 minutes but she had horrible gas pains after she was done even though she was burped several times during feeding . I switched to Dr. Brown 's bottles which eliminated the gas problem all together .
 I registered and purchased Avent bottles for my first child . I heard great things about them from a few other people and they seemed to be `` trendy . '' Although the 4 oz bottles were better in terms of leaking and seem to be better with thin liquids like water , the larger bottles leak like a sieve unless you completely dry every edge of the nipple , the nipple sleeve and the rim of the bottle and then are careful not to over or under-tighten . This has become an annoying , but necessary ritual . Altogether the bottle system gave my son more gas , not less . He spit-up constantly and it was only after trying other nipples and switching to a soy formula that I figured out that the bottle system was contributing to his misery . Not to mention the misery my husband and I suffered all the time in the middle of the night at feeding an infant a bottle that is leaking on him from underneath and not knowing it until his outfit was soaked!By the time we fixed the bottle , changed him and settled him again , he was hysterical and would not go down again easily.The first stage nipple is inadequate to feed the baby easily - the hole is small , they get lots of air and get upset about the lack of faster gratification . The size of the bottle also has made it difficult for him to hold it and feed himself now that he 's a bit older . It 's harder to hold aloft because of the size . I have read reviews and heard good things from my best friend about the Playtex `` Premium '' Nurser -LRB- not the regular Nurser or the VentAire . -RRB- While I 'm not looking forward to spending more money on the drop-ins for my baby girl who is going to be born in 8 days , I am looking forward to a potentially more spit-up free and drier life with my second !
 I agree with the other reviews , it is a great set has all the bottles you need to get started . However my child constantly has formula dripping from her mouth . The nipple is too big and allows the baby to get way more then she can swallow . It drips down her face the whole time she is eating . I hate it !!! This is my third child so I wanted to try the newest bottle available and I really like the look of the bottle . Do n't like the way her outfits look all wet and stained and ca n't tell how much she is getting cause she 's wearing most of the milk on her clothes . .
 Like everybody else , we registered for the Avent bottles because they seemed to be such a good line and very popular - it was our first baby so we were clueless - and we thought all bottles were basically the same anyways . These bottles are absolutely terrible and they literally LEAK all over the place !!! By the end of a feeding , there is more milk on my son and myself then there is in his stomach . Talk about frustrating - and it is always the middle of the night feedings when they really leak everywhere - not good . I would tell anyone who will listen to go with a different line of bottles - as soon as my son is done with these , they are going in the trash -LRB- I already threw one bottle away in a late night fit of rage -RRB- - if I can even stand it that long !
 I can not find the larger bottles with the # 1 nipples . I am breastfeeding and do not want to use the faster flow nipples . I bought this set specifically because it said it comes with the newborn nipples and it does not.These bottles are great , but it 's impossible to find the larger bottles with the newborn nipples . I was able to find them when my son was born 3 months ago , but now no one carries them .
 I received Avent bottles with both stage 2 and newborn nipples for my baby when she was born a little over 2 months ago . I was excited because of their excellent reputation for nursing mothers . I also received the Playtex Disposable Nurser system as a gift . The flow of the Avent nipples are just way too fast for her -LRB- even the newborn ones !!! -RRB- -- she chokes because the flow is too fast -LRB- my sister-in-law said the flow was too fast for her newborn when I asked her about them as well -RRB- . So , I 've been using the Playtex bottles with the slow flow nipples for the few bottle feedings she gets , and they work fine . I hope that I will be able to use the Avent bottles when she is older .
 I bought these bottles because I was told time and time again that they were the best for breastfed babies . Not at all true ! The flow is way too fast -LRB- even with size 1 nipples -RRB- , the bottles leak if you do not put them on just right , and the niplles are too hard . Try the Playtex natural latch nipples , they are so so so much better . My son does wonderfully with them .
 ... is to store breastmilk in the fridge , and when it 's time to feed my baby , I transfer the milk to a ventaire bottle . WHY ? After many parents telling me to try the Avent bottles because they are the best , I decided to do a little research . I checked out the reviews , which were mixed , so I went out and bought the Dr Brown 's bottles , and I already had the ventaire set in my baby 's closet and the Avent -LRB- I also have Evenflo -RRB- . The Avent bottles never leaked on me , but the nipple was just too hard and my baby was very gassy after every feeding ! The Dr Brown bottles I thought would actually work , but more violent gas for my baby ! I like the set Avent bottles come in , with the pacifier and the lids , and I 've used them all ! They are great for storing milk in , but I just do n't use them to feed my baby ! Ventaires are way better .
 All the hype and high price tag are not worth it for these bottles . The only way you can get the nipples on these bottles without leaking is to put them on soooo tight that you ca n't get it off to wash them . Everytime I put the lid on and started to give to my son , it leaked -LRB- not a small little drop , I mean like pouring out !!! -RRB- all over him and I had to change his outfit . I should have wrote to the company and ask them to reimburse me for all of the laundry detergent that I went through because of the leaking . Several reviews , state if you do this they wont leak or if you do that or dont screw it on too tight or put the cap on and twist at this angle . I am sorry , but when you have a newborn , the last thing that you want to do is have to refer to the directions on the box at 3 am feeding !!!! Its a bottle , not a NASA Rocket ! I used the platex liner bottles with my daughter and if I have another child , I will use platex , never these bottles again
 These bottles leak everywhere . If you dont properly line up the ridges when you screw the nipple they will leak all over you and baby . Save your precious breastmilk and/or expensive formula and buy another brand . They stink !!!
 This brand is a joke . I ca n't believe they can manufacture and actually sell these things . It does n't matter whether the lid is on loose or tight - they LEAK everywhere nearly every time . It is SO frustrating . I invested so much money in them hoping they were of good quality - they are n't ! You ca n't even buy disposable refills by themselves or lids to the storage containers . This brand should be ashamed of themselves .
 I started my newborn out using the Avent bottles . After a few weeks , she began crying alot . You could hear the gas moving in her tummy , and every time her tummy would grumble , she would pull her legs up and shriek in pain . She would also pass gas constantly . It was so difficult to feed her because she would cough , spit and cry the whole time . Then she would be miserable with gas pains for hours afterwards . I tried switching formulas - did n't work . Tried mylicon , Zantac , gripe water , bicycling her legs , etc. etc. etc. . . nothing worked . The pediatrician diagnosed her with colic and said there was nothing we could do , that she would outgrow it . Finally , we decided to switch bottles -LRB- I switched to Playtex nursers . -RRB- Instantly we noticed a difference ! She was extremely quiet during feedings , did n't squirm or cry ! She began ingesting almost TWICE as much formula per feeding -LRB- probably because her tummy was too full of gas to take in any more with the Avent bottles ! -RRB- and would go longer between feeds . And when she swallowed , it sounded different - you could tell that she was no longer swallowing air ! Something about those Avent bottles made her swallow tons of air . I think it was the suction that was created inside the bottle as she ate . With the Playtex nursers , the liner inside the bottle contracts as she eats , eliminating any air bubbles . She is a completely different baby now . She is more alert and interacts with us much more because she spends less of her awake time crying.So if you decide to buy these bottles - BEWARE . If you are already using them and your baby has colic , switch immediately ! Do n't just assume that colic is `` normal '' or will be `` outgrown . '' Babies do n't deserve to suffer this way !!!!
 Although they have a good reputation , they definately have a drawback . They are short and fat bottles , so you really have to lean your baby back to get all the liquid to the nipple . Now that my son is holding his own bottle , we do n't use them for that fact-it 's just too hard for him to get his formula to the nipple , he gets too frustrated . All in all I 'd say buy a different bottle .
 Spilled on the floor ... Spilled in the car ... Spilled on my clothes ... bottom line ... IT SPILLS !!! I would not recommend this product unless you like to clean up spills . It was frustrating as first time parents to start feeding the baby and find out it was spilling everywhere . The baby would cry and cry until we were able to change the bottle to another brand .
 I tried Avent bottles since they were so popular . I hated them ! They leaked all over my daughter during feeding and made her bib and her soaked by the end . I wonder how much formula she really got . We used Dr. Brown 's and they were so much better . Skip Avent and try others !
 These were terrible . They leaked everywhere . I must recommend the tri-flow !
 I was using the Playtex bottles with the drop ins and I had to start thickening my son 's formula with cereal . I was so excited when I found that Avent made a variable flow nipple for thick feeds . These bottles leak around the ring no matter what I do . I have tried everything and ca n't seem to keep them from leaking . I have continued to use the Avent bottles even though we do n't have to thicken his formula anymore , because of the large investment . My son is 9 months and as soon as he is weaned to a sippy cup , these are going in the trash . I will not use them for other children .
 I got a lot of avent bottles for my baby shower so I decided I would try using this brand over the rest of them . After a week of them leaking all over everything I gave up and switched to Playtex with drop-ins . My son hated the Avent ones , he was very gassy with them also . Once I switched to Playtex things improved right away.Some good points
 I am using Avent bottles for my second time with child number two . And the only reason why I am using these this time is , because of all the money we have invested in these bottles . When we registered with our first child everyone was talking about Avent bottles , so we registered for lots of the bottles , nipples , etc.They leak all the time . If you do not have the bottle completely dry and the outside ring just right it is a mess . And you do not know that there is a leak till you sit down with a starving baby . The baby begins sucking and tons of formula starts leaking down your hand.If you put the nipples in the dish washer -LRB- which it says you can do -RRB- they turn a filmy color . I was told that this is not harmful for the baby . But to me it just makes the nipples look not clean . And this causes me to wash them by hand . Which again is the last thing you want to do when you have a hungry baby .
 My sister kept insisting that Avent bottles are the best and that she stood by this product , so I went out and got this set for my baby who is now 2 months old . After having breastfed -LRB- still am -RRB- and using Evenflo bottles , I decided to take this out and start using it since he is now starting to drink more ounces of milk . I know they are supposed to be the best , but I just do n't see how . My son has never had a problem with taking a bottle , and we 've used all sorts , but these bottles , he just has a hard time with them . I do n't know if I am using the right nipples , but it says stage 2 is for 1 month + . As soon as he took hold of the nipple and starting drinking , it seemed as though he was going to choke . The milk was fast-flowing and it seemed like he was having a hard time . I think I will go and buy some stage 1 nipples -LRB- if they sell it -RRB- because I feel that it would be such a waste at this price to just discard these bottles . Yeah , they are easy to clean , like many mothers have stated , but who really cares if your baby just does n't like them .
 I used these through out my daughter 's infancy , largely because I bought a whole set of them , the milk storage contraptions , the breast pump , and the pacifiers . Plus once she was used to the pacifiers and nipples she would n't take any other kind.But the bottles routinely leaked , ruining several diaper bags , clothing , and nighttime feedings.Apparently you have to screw the cap on just right - which is really difficult at 3 AM!My daughter did n't seem to have the gas and colic that other reviews talk about , but we did use quite a bit of gas medicine between 3 and 6 months.All in All , I think the paci 's are great , the rest of it I could do without .
 Like many others , I registered for these bottles because they were supposed to be the best out there . After they started leaking , I just sucked it up for a while . Then I got aggravated enough to write to AVENT on their website . They wrote back to me that I was screwing them on too tight . So , i took their advice , and now , after washing the diaper bag for the umpteenth time because the contents of the bottles spilled out all over , I have written to them again . I do n't think that I should have to worry about how tight I am screwing the tops on . I should be able to twist the top on and rest assured that my child wo n't go hungry and scream because his formula is all over the bottom of the diaper bag !
 I am so glad that I did not purchase these bottles for myself -LRB- they were a gift -RRB- . Every single bottle leaks . It is very frustrating when you are up in the middle of the night trying to soothe your little one back to sleep & go to make a bottle just for it to leak all over . Not only is the leaking a problem the vacum it creates & the amount of air your baby drinks is horrible . I switched to Playtex Vent-Air which was better & then finally gave in & purchased the Dr. Browns . I used Avent for 1 month before switching & the day after noticed a huge difference . I thought Avent would be a good brand because of all the items & amount of space they give the Avent products in the baby store but take my advice & spend a few extra dollars to get a better bottle . I am sure your little one will appreciate it .
 The ideas for the bottles interchanging is great . But unfortunately the nipples cause too much gas . When they 're using the bottle , you can hear constant air sucking in around their lips . Every time my little girl uses them , it seems as though she just ca n't get comfortable with them . I would recommend Dr.Brown 's or Playtex VentAire bottles over any of these.Ultimately , the convenience and features are n't worth the massive amount of gas the avent bottles cause .
 I am a first time mother , who bought these bottles because they were supposed to be the best . My child was really gassy . He also ended up wasting a lot of his food each time because the nipple is way too fast for a newborn . I was really disappointed with these bottles . I switched to the Playtex disposable bottles , and he has been much happier since I have . Also , he gets every bit of food I give him now .
 Despite reading all the negative reviews for these bottles , I registered for them anyway . Now , two months into using them I completely understand the frustration expressed by others . The bottles routinely leak . I had read and heard that it is `` user error '' in regards to tightening the lids . Each time we use the bottles we carefully tighten the lid and test to make sure milk is coming through the nipple . Each time , the milk stops coming out about one minute after the baby starts . So , we loosen the lid in small increments until the milk starts coming out again . However , if you loosen it just too much , the milk pours out the side of the lid when you take it out of the baby 's mouth . Not only does it pour out all over you but all over the baby as well . The entire feeding becomes a series of slightly loosening and slightly tightening the lid . Frustrating at 10:00 in the morning ... infuriating at 3:00 am . On top of completely wasting expensive formula , you also lose track of how much the baby ate . I would seriously recommend you stay away from these bottles . This is the only review I have ever written for any product ever but I feel so strongly and negatively about my experience with Avent that I would definately recommend you purchase a different bottle system . My sister-in-law and others I know , have had great success with Dr. Brown 's .
 While pregnant , all I heard was `` Avent Avent Avent '' I think I missed the rest of the conversation because they make horrible bottles , breast pumps , and sippy cups . Their products are terrible and I would never recommend them . They leak all over , at first I thought it was just one , but no all of them . They are garbage . Now that I am looking for bottles again for my second child , I will definately stay clear of Avent .
 We have bought numerous bottles from Avent and a vast majority of them leak . Do n't believe the `` user-error '' excuse as other bottles from other manufacturers are much , much better .
 I wish I new just how much these bottles leak BEFORE I registered for them . The Gerber bottles I 'm using now are SO much better in all aspects . I only use the avent bottles when I 'm desperate and try not to take them with me when we go out of the house . I do n't think that I should have to worry about how tight I 've twisted on the top or weather or not all the liquid inside has leaked out into my daughter 's diaper bag . To sum it up , these are just not good quality bottles . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 i saw these bottles alot when we had my daughter and ended up buying the parent 's choice ones from walmart that were simular . this was 4 years ago . i loved these bottles ! they also had the wide neck and clear nipple . now , with my twins , i got avent bottles for my shower and thought that they would be great . THEY LEAK EVERYWHERE , EVERYTIME . my boys are now 13 mo. and for the last year we have had to do a tremendous amount of laundry and carpet cleaning due to the leaking . when they were on formula -LRB- enfamil a.r. -RRB- it was n't so bad . i guess because it was so thick . now that they are on regular milk ... not one bottle is made that does not leak . we are trying to switch to sippy cups , but one of them refuses to use them . i have tryed all the tricks with the lid and still no luck . luckly i did save two the the parent 's choice bottles and they DO NOT LEAK ! the problem is that walmart does n't make them anymore . at this point , the avent bottles are going in the garage sale pile and hopefully someone else will have some luck ! if i could go back and do it all over again ... . i would have never used them !
 We started giving one bottle a day to our daughter at 2 weeks of age , and are otherwise breastfeeding.The first bottle system we tried was the Avent since so many people rave about it.But , it seemed as though she was dribbling out more milk than she was swallowing . I have since heard the same complaint from other parents -LRB- with both formula and breastmilk -RRB- . We had much more success with the Platex Natural Shape VentAire , and continue to use that system today.This is her favorite pacifier , though .
 These are not the cheapest bottles on the market so I was surprised to find that they leak constantly . I know that many reviewers have said that there is a specific way to assemble these bottles but in 4 months I have tried EVERYTHING and I still get leaks ! After spending countless and painful hours pumping my breast milk it is very frustrating to have most of it pour out all over my daughter and me . Not to mention that these bottles have ruined many of me and my daughters ' shirts and have permanently stained our couch . Another scenario that I continually face with these bottles is cleaning up formula or breast milk off of my walls and floors because sometimes they leak when I shake them for mixing purposes . Also , most of the time when I am running errands I have to run home to get more milk because the bottles leaked out half of my supply . Bottom line - you have to change your baby 's clothes enough in one day without having to do so because of a leaky bottle . Save your sanity and clothing - go with a different brand !! P.S. I just bought all new Dr. Brown 's bottles and they are wonderful !! My baby actually has less gas than with the Avent ones . They are harder to clean though .
 I bought the Avent bottles when I was pregnant because they were babiesrus 's `` Best Pick '' Yeah right ! I wonder how many are returned on a daily basis . Aparently this company spends all their time and money on advertising and not enough on preventing their bottles from leaking ! I would not recomend these bottles unless you like waisting your money !
 They sometimes leak and it 's really difficult to heat the milk inside because the plastic is too tick . It takes forever to warm the milk which make baby really frustrated !!! Think of nightime feeding !!!!
 I purchased the Avent Bottles because I had been using Dr. Browns and did n't want to hassle with having to wash 4 parts . I was very disappointed with the Avent because it leaked and gave my daughter gas . No matter how I closed the bottle , and reopening and reclosing it , it always leaked . After being frustrated with it , I finally switched back to Dr. Brown 's . At least my daughter 's clothes -LRB- and mine -RRB- do n't get wet from the leaks anymore .
 I have a four month old son and when registering for bottles I chose Avent.I work at a daycare and I noticed a lot of the infants had these bottles.I also liked their compact size and wide opening for cleaning.Avent bottles have one BIG problem , they leaked almost every time I used them-BADLY !!! When tilting the bottle to an upright position to burp my son , a good 1/2oz . to 1oz . would come streaming from the nipple ring.It did not matter how tight my husband or I would tighten the ring , the same thing would happen.So if you do not want to waste your formula or breastmilk , look for different bottles !
 My husband and I purchased this set with my first son , but are going to choose another bottle manufacturer for our second son . The difficultly we experienced was securing the nipple ring onto the base - it had to be in perfect alignment or there were definately leaks , sometimes more than that . It is quite frustrating when you are conducting late night feedings or traveling . I hope a new second chose will brings easier bottle feedings .
 I would give no stars if it were possible . The larger clipper is totally worthless . First , it 's hard to get to work at all , and second , when it does , it leaves the nails rough , ragged that makes nails catch on everything . Forget trying to put on/wear anything fine -LRB- like hose , silk -RRB- . I am extremely disappointed and would return the product , but I live overseas .
 Adequate says it all ... meeting our needs but could have been made much tougher . There is an additional piece sent with this product to put on to better meets safety / pinching risks ... but nothing is predrilled for it . Again , adequate but I wish I would have made another purchase .
 Nice looking , but not well engineered . Bolts did not fit well and the item is not as sturdy as it could be .
 THOUGHT THIS WOULD HELP TO ORGANIZE MY SONS CLOSET ... CHILDRENS CLOTHING ... BUT IT DOES NOT HOLD ANY WEIGHT ... AND IT IS POORLY MADE
 The hooks do not fit over what is a pretty standard diameter closet rod . Be ware ! The hooks are small . Very disappointing . Also , the picture shows blue mesh bags on the side but in reality , they are white . This makes the whole thing much less attractive . The picture misrepresents the item . I like the idea of this organzier , but I would not recommend it due to the above .
 I order pink and purple pins for a game at my BFF 's Baby Shower a few weeks ago and I was cheated on how many I ordered.The company left out 11 total ... . I could not tell at first because they put them all in one bag . When I opened them and counted ... . I was short my order.NOT happy at all .
 Pins open on the wrong side making them difficult to open properly . Do n't recommend this item .
 These are hard to work with . Especially if you do n't have them open prior to changing a diaper . I like snappis better than this . I prefer a prefold belt over snappis
 I have been told by so many people to just use water and cloth on my baby for those first tender weeks that I never even looked at prepackaged wipes . I have several different brands and types of cloth wipes now and these are astonishingly the worst of the bunch . Osocozy makes GREAT prefolds/flats that I had no problem ordering two packages and eagerly trying them out . However , I was largely disappointed and I 'm surprised they have such great reviews . I washed them twice before using , then washed them twice more after the first use thinking I did n't prep them enough . It 's not me , it 's the wipe.In comparison to other , fluffier wipes , they just do n't hold up . Take a look at your thinnest receiving blanket , then a washcloth , and imagine cleaning a poopy diaper with each one . With thicker fabric , you are going to get texture and grab . I have the Grovias , which are two ply terry , and I can clean my 6 week old 's pooey butt in one swipe . With the flannel wipes , I am going over one area multiple times . Further , the flannel does n't pick up the breastfed poo pebbles . It transfers them to my hand , my clothes , her , the changing table , etc. . It was n't uncommon for me to use the flannel wipe then end up finding a poo pebble on either me or her several minutes later . How annoying . Even more annoying is attempting to use these with a wipe warmer . Flannel is very compact and thin . Folding several wet squares on top of eachother just makes them stick together . Instead of reaching to retrieve a wipe , you are reaching , shaking , sliding , twisting and fighting to separate the top wipe from the bunch . Imagine this while keeping one hand on the baby in the middle of the night when you are practically sleep walking . They also scorch or dry out easily . So if you intend to breast feed or use a wipe warmer with these , forget it . It is just too frustrating.Another useful fact is that they are much less absorbent than thicker wipes . You do n't think you need absorbancy in a wipe until you are cleaning your baby and they suddenly sprout like a fountain and you are looking for something to contain the leak . With my Grovias , I can simply cup and catch the flow and 9 times out of 10 I can contain it . With the flannel wipes , forget it . I am changing her outfit and then mopping up a small puddle . I do give osocozy props for the budget friendly price and offering an unbleached version -LRB- even though they edge them with dyed trim -RRB- but they just are n't worth the bargain . Perhaps if they were two ply or double sided , but not as the simple slip of flannel they are . It just is n't worth it when you can buy thicker , more effective wipes for similar cost.PROS : The wipes are large , which is generous and great.They are soft , and after about 6 washings and tumble dries they have kept their softness and shape , so good.They are fairly compact , so you can fit more into a smaller space than you can with fleece or microfiber wipes.They 're affordable . Less than a buck per wipe is a darn good deal.CONS : They smear as easily as they clean , forcing you to go over the same area multiple times.They are an All Mighty pain in the a ** to use in a warmer . They either stick together , dry out , or overheat . It 's challenging enough to handle a squirming baby in the middle of the night without also having to fight your warmer to get out one wipe instead of ten.They ABSOLUTELY DO NOT pick up breastfeeding poo . The little poo seeds are just as likely to get on your finger , your baby , your clothes , the sheet or cover your changing them on ... Not that absorbent .
 These wipes are too thin and rough for sensitive bottoms . They 're also a bit too small and I find I have to use more than one to get my little one 's bottom clean after she goes number two . They 've gotten quite pilled and I think they 're getting rougher and rougher with each wash . We only use them for wiping noses now . They 're definitely not as cushy and soft as they look in the picture .
 I am a mother of 8 and thought I would try out cloth wipes since I use cloth diapers and these are horrible , they leave the baby 's skin red from one rub and I have tried everything short of using fabric softener , which you can not use on cloth anything , please spend the money and get a better wipe .
 I ordered these as the picture looks really good - I was so disappointed when I received them , they look like dust cloths ! They are n't white , they are a horrible yellowish color and look disgusting . Very thin and useless . I do not know how someone can be so dishonest .
 I bought these and another type from a small business on the web . These are much much more scratchy . Maybe I am not using enough water when I wipe but I feel like they irritate her skin . They also frayed after just 1-2 washes . I am going to spring for the Charlie Bannana wipes . -LRB- The other type I bought are soft but they have a dark print on them which is annoying because you ca n't see what you 've wiped . -RRB-
 These baby wipes are way too thin . It takes quite a few to do the job and I recommend GroVia cotton cloth wipes . The GroVia wipes are thick , soft and have stayed in great condition after multiple washes .
 I purchased these wipes because of the price . The fabric is much too thin and not very soft . I have the bum genius wipes and they are wonderful ! I would n't waste the money on these wipes , spend the extra and purchase the bum genius brand !
 These wipes are only one layer thick which makes them super thin and difficult to clean much of anything up without getting your hands all nasty . I prefer 2 ply wash clothes for cloth diapers !! These are perfect , however , in the bathroom in place of toilet paper .
 These wipes are nice and soft , however after 5 or 6 washes they start to leave a lot of lint on my baby 's bottom ! Not very happy with that ! It took about 2 months of 2x week washings to get all the lint out . I like my two-sided BabyKicks better .
 I bought these last year and was very dissappointed , they are just so thin you need like three of them to get the job done . They wear out so quickly due to the thin material , do yourself a favor spend an extra couple of dollars and buy some good wipes . These are not the bargain they appear to be .
 I 'm really surprised by all the positive reviews for these wipes ... I wonder if the reviewers have n't tried other brands ? I 've tried probably 10 different brands of cloth wipes and I have to say these are -LRB- by far -RRB- the worst of the them all . They feel like wet paper towels - super thin , not very soft , not very absorbent and irritating to my baby 's skin . I 'll keep these for cleaning his face and hands but I 'll be sticking with BabyKicks and Thirsties wipes from now on .
 I ordered 3 packs of cloth wipes to compare - grovia , imsy vimsy , and osocozy . The grovia , by far were the nicest wipes and the most economical . These wipes are cheap , thin , and flimsy . Grovia is thick and absorbent , perfect for wiping messy bums . Do n't waste your time and money here ... go buy the grovia ones .
 I wish I had spent a little more money on something nicer . The edges are already starting to fray after a month of use . This material gets pretty rough when wet , so it 's not good for wiping sensitive baby bottoms . I wish that I had n't bought these ! Do not be swayed by the good deal ! It 's a waste of money .
 I loved these wipes when we first got them . We exclusively cloth diaper , and they were such a wonderful complement to our diapering routine . Now that our son is three months old , however , these wipes have gotten coarse and rough . They 're so rough , in fact , that I had to order a different , softer brand . I wish I had invested in something softer from the start and saved myself this expense .
 When I got these , they were so soft and fuzzy for baby 's skin . But after a month of use , they were so pilly and rough . They were irritating by baby 's bum . I 've decided to use them for other things , like blowing my nose and wiping up spills , so they have n't gone to waste . However I 'm still bummed that they were n't good for what I bought them for . I guess if your little one 's skin does n't get irritated easily , then great , otherwise , I 'd be wary .
 As a cloth diapering mom , I wanted to also use cloth wipes . I decided to purchase two sets of these rather than sew my own.That was a mistake.The cute colorful threads that are around the border of each cloth wipe are FRAYING . After just one wash , they started coming apart.I do like the size of them and how they feel . I can fit them in a wipe container that once contained disposable wipes , but the fact that they are falling apart is quite disappointing.Overall , I would not recommend these wipes unless they change how they sew around the border of them .
 I am going to compare this to 2 other options
 I have been cloth diapering for a few months and I loved these wipes at first . They are soft and thin -LRB- which IMO is better than thick because it 's easier to wipe baby 's bottom with -RRB- . After only a few washes the edges started to fray . I used them until I was left with nothing -LRB- they completely came apart after just a month or two -RRB- . Would not buy again .
 I got two packs of these because for 30 wipes $ 20 is pretty awesome . First wash they were no longer very soft and the seam on a few of them came off . Second wash , more seams came off . Pretty disappointed , I could have cut my own flannel if all I wanted were frayed squares of fabric .
 I wanted to love these wipes ... they are SO soft ! But we use wipes solution in a spray bottle and wet the wipes as we go , and when these wipes are sprayed , the liquid does n't soak in readily and almost seems to bounce off the fabric . Also , after washing the wipes one time , before even using them , the stitching around the edges started unraveling . Am really disappointed . Returned these to Amazon . I have other flannel wipes from a WAHM from a certain website where you can buy handmade items , and they are far superior to these wipes .
 I 've used other flannel wipes , these ones are just not soft at all . They do n't stay wet in the wipe warmer , and they 're not very absorbant if you use them for a drying wipe . Go for terry instead . I learned my mistake .
 I 'm giving these wipes 2 stars only because if you 'd like to use them dry , they 're very soft and a great price . I use them as baby wipes as my son is allergic to any other prepackaged baby wipes with the exception of the Earth 's Best . Those are expensive so , I only use them when out of the house and I use wash cloths at home . At first glance , I LOVED these wipes as they SEEM super soft . After wetting them , they change IMMENSELY . They get even worse after being washed . I had to stop using them every day as they were rubbing my son 's little bottom raw . In addition to all of that , after only 4 washes about half of them are falling apart . So , if you 're desperate for some filler wipes then go ahead although , I would n't suggest them for every day use on baby skin .
 I ordered these solely because of the price , and the flannel its made of . I have made many wipes of my own out of flannel . But with this baby I simply did not have time too . So I decided at this price I ca n't go wrong . But I do not like these . I do not know what grade flannel they made these from , but it ca n't be a high grade . They got rough and all pilled up in about 3 washings . I would rather have less wipes and high quality ones . Wipes is not something that makes cloth diapering pleasurable if they are cheap , low quality . I do not recommend these.I do however love the OsoCozy company . I love LOVE the betterfit prefold diapers .
 They are cute , but both of mine leaked . I went with these because I had an older version of this sippy cup from The First Years that also did n't require a valve . I ca n't stand washing those things . I absolutely loved the older version and never had problems with it leaking , but thought it was about time to replace it with something newer -LRB- and BPA free -RRB- . Ca n't believe The First Years could n't do a better job making them so they wo n't leak .
 Cute cups but tops are completely disfunctional . Drink does n't flow through the top . You have to create a REALLY hard suction to get any drips out . My 2 1/2 year old could n't drink from them at all . He uses them without the tops .
 Sounds strange but I find that there is n't much coming out of the nozzle of this bottle . My son finds it difficult to use so I do n't use , they are pretty though . I thought about enlarging the opening with a knife ...
 I bought these for my daughter as she transitioned to whole milk . She seemed to have trouble with these cups , so I finally tried to sip out of it myself - I even had trouble getting water out ! I do not use them .
 I have yet to find a sippie cup that does not spill . This one spills from the point of where the cap twists to the cup . It is just annoying .
 I purchased baby elmo and baby cookie cups . The baby elmo cup leaked . The plastic piece broke after 3 uses . The cup is no longer usable . The gerber sippy cups are more durable and do not leak . I would not recommend this cup .
 My daughter LOVES these cups because of the Minnie Mouse design and my husband loves these cups because the ease of use -LRB- no parts to put together -RRB- , but I ca n't stand them anymore . After a couple months of use all 6 of the cups we own leak . My daughter is 17 months old and tends to leave her cups on their sides on the floor . I have found many a cup with a puddle under them . The problem with our cups is that the built-in valves no longer `` close '' or touch , so the liquid easily drips out . Though `` dishwasher safe '' , I wonder if the dishwasher played a part in ruining the valves . I would n't recommend these for long-term use .
 I bought a pair of these FY cups hoping that this will be the last one i have to buy for my toddler . Another waste of money . I am so frustrated !! Tried both cups and they both leak when they are laid on side as toddlers do , so basically this is totally useless . I read great reviews of Gerber 's sippy cups that do n't leak , so I just bought them and hopefully it will be the last time . Big big disappointment . All I want is just a sippy cup that does n't leak !!
 I bought these cups because I thought the idea of no valve was excellent ... however , I quickly learned that while it may be a good idea , it was very poorly executed in these cups . I have purchased -LRB- and returned -RRB- 2 packs of 2 because all 4 leaked . I thought maybe the first set was just a fluke ... Nope . These cups are NOT spill proof . They are n't even drip proof ! The return air valve leaks profusely on all of the ones I tested . I do NOT recommend these to anyone !!
 I also ordered the cups pictured but received the wrong item . A much lighter weight , see through cup from the Learning Curve , not the First Years . I called to complain and was sent the same cups ! I am exasperated and do not know what Amazon is doing right now but the trust I have with them is declining !
 I bought these for my 15 month old daughter after we transitioned her from bottle to sippy cup . She got so frustrated trying to get the milk or water out that she just gave up and cried . I tried myself to get some water out of it , and it 's really hard to get anything out . Giving them to good will for sure !
 These cups are great and they still work despite the fact that they changed shape after washing them in the dishwasher . I made sure to put them on the top rack , but they bubbled out and now wo n't sit on a flat -LRB- or any other -RRB- surface . Too bad . My son liked them for the design .
 These were my son 's favorite cups for juice . Realy liked them until after a few weeks of washing them , the paint was coming off .
 We have a 2 year old little boy who loves Mickey Mouse , so I could n't wait to get these cups in for him ! The cups are really cute , but if your child has a small mouth it is really hard to get a drink . Our son loved the fact that it was a Mickey Mouse cup , but told us it hurt his mouth !
 This cup is n't leak at all , that 's good.But the tap is too big for baby ... At least for my 15 month son.He uses this cup for 2 week , and every time he spill milkfrom the edge of his mouth.It 's annoying !
 My one year old could not get any water out of the sippy . I tried it myself and only a few droplets come out when trying to suck the water out . We had to toss these !
 I bought a set of these for my son . We have a dishwasher . After a few months I noticed black inside the spouts . I thought it was some food residue from the dishwasher and tried to clean it out . No ... it was mold ! I called the company and they sent me a replacement package of cups . They really did n't have much of an explanation . Now this set of cups is doing the same thing ! Gross ! I have had Playtex cups for years that never did anything like this . The convenience of not having to put a valve in is great ... but not worth exposing my child to mold ! Will not be buying these again !
 The cups I received were Mickey Mouse theme , but they look absolutely nothing like the ones pictured . I contacted customer service and they were less than helpful .
 My son is 19 months and has always drank from a straw sippy cup . He just never liked the regular spout sippies . Well now when we are at play group he always tries to take the other kids sippy cups and drink from them . So I wanted to get him his own . We ordered these and they are horrible . They leak like crazy from the first use . plus the mouth valve is super wide so it is really big for my sons mouth . Thirdly I had a hard time getting liquid out . It is very hard for a toddle to suck the drink from . I purchased son playtex ones and they are great . No leaks and small spout .
 I bought these cups for my 3 year old nephew . If you ca n't tell by the title , they are junk ! First , if they tipped over , they leaked so badly , it was almost as though there was lid on it . He has a tendancy to drop his cup where he stands and you can tell where he 's been as there 's usually a puddle . Also , with in the first month , the outer plastic shell of the cup cracked . No big until it started collecting water between the two layers . Had I not thrown the one away last time I was baby-sitting , I would have returned them to get my money back for them . I do n't recommend these cups at all ! They are not worth the price that you pay for them !
 I would n't recommend this to anyone !
 I was very excited about ordering the Minnie Mouse cups for my daughter . However , I was disappointed when I opened the package and realized the wrong ones were sent . They were Minnie Mouse , but different colors/styles . I know it may not matter to some people but it did matter to me because the babysitter -LRB- grandma and grandpa -RRB- already have the ones I received and I wanted different ones so they would n't get mixed up . Very disappointed . Will not order from Amazon again .
 I have worked on the film covering the holes for over an hour and have so far been unable to remove it .
 This is Not what I received . I got two cars sippy cups that had grey covers and DARK bodies . I had these in the past and tosted them because after being washed a hand full of times they faid . I did not want to buy them again so I saw these TOTOALLY different Cars cups and wanted them . WELL , I get the dark ones in a damaged container . NOT WHAT I ORDERED . IS NOT THE PICTURE . THERE WAS NOTHIG IN THE DESCRIPTION THAT IS MIGHT BE DIFFERENT . I tried contacting seller WHICH AMAZON DOES NOT ALLOW . THIS IS NOT EBAY . Amazon makes it so difficult to even contact CUSTOMER SUPPORT so I leave this with POOR COMMENTS for both the seller & AMAZON . I will not be buying on Amazon again .
 These are by far the worst sippy cups I have ever purchased . We bought them since my daughter is in love with Minnie and thought that they would hold up as well as Playtex sippy cups . The first time we filled them , they leaked like crazy . I thought perhaps I put too much in so I decreased the amount and they still leaked . Forget letting them fall on their side , that 's even worse . I ca n't tell you how many leaks we have had to soak up because of these cups . They are in the trash and I am sticking with Playtex . Do n't waste your money - they may be cute but you 'll need to buy a whole lot of paper towels to clean up the leaks .
 This is the second time I 've ordered `` The First Years '' cups and gotten a cheap knockoff `` Learning Curve '' !!!! They are not the same ! The Learning Curve is not as well insulated , the pictures come off easily , and they leak horribly . I returned this set because I kept the first set and was terribly dissapointed . They need to CORRECT THE DESCRIPTION of this item !!!!
 Purchased these sippy cups at Walmart for my 9 month old daughter . I gave her juice in the cup , I noticed she was n't drinking anything . I tried drinking from the cup , nothing would come out of the spout . Do n't purchase this product . Took cups back and got my money back in cash .
 I have to honestly say that this has to be the worst sippy cup I have ever purchased ! It leaks from the moment I put the cover on , all over my daughter , and all over the furniture . I purchased the cups because of the Minnie Mouse design , but I will never again skimp on quality for cuteness . I am going to stick to the Playtex sippy cups which have never given me a problem . I hope that if you are considering these cups you 'd look at the Playtex ones instead and make a smart purchase . Hope this review was helpful to you!TRUST ME ON THIS : Playtex Insulator Cup 9 oz . - 1pk .
 My son was obsessed with toy story so these cups were a must for us!We have had them for 5 months . They do not leak , but the picture have totally worn off ! I only handwash since we do n't have a dishwasher so I am not sure if they were put in the dishwasher what would happen.Not worth the money .
 They leak ! That is the most important quailty a sippy need to have is to be leak proof -LRB- at least for the most part -RRB- and these cups are terrible . My son loved the Toy Story design but I would rather have a plain ole sippy that does not leak all over ! Do n't waste your money .
 I feel like I 've tried 10 different types of sippy cups so far , and these ones are the worst ! While I appreciate that the sippy cup does n't spill , it is also impossible to drink from ! After seeing my son get frustrated when he tried to drink , my husband and I both tried it . No matter how hard I sucked on it , i could not get out more than a dribble . The only way to get them to work was to cut a hole in it , which then made it not spill proof . Do not buy .
 I was a disappointed that as another reviewer had mentioned one of the cups leaked internally after one drop the first day . It 's just too much of a hassle to return . The other one appears to be working so good so far . I sent my hubby out to store to buy add ' l cups and he came back with the same brand - so I guess we 'll try again . I also must note that they were only 7.49 at Target . But I guess we pay for the convience of shopping at home . With all that said - my son really liked the cup .
 What 's the point of offering a product WITH a picture , if the item actually being sold is a different one ? The reason I took the time to go on-line and buy this product for my son at Amazon and WAIT for it , was because the Cars version they have at my local Target -LRB- or any store for that matter -RRB- is one I had already purchased . I wanted a different one , and this one looked pretty nice , nice colors . BUT , I received the one I ALREADY had , which is dull , maroon and grey ... Very disappointed .
 I tried the cup before i want to give it to my baby . No way you can get any water out of it . Terrible terrible product!I have bought Born Free ... Great ! Avent ... Not bad .
 We bought several of these for our 23 month old twin boys . Saw some frustration , but we had also recently given up the bottle . My husband and I both tried these cups and got nothing out of them . We tried loosening the lids , refrigerated , unrefrigerated , milk , water . Each time it was very difficult to get a drink . I 'm going back to my tried and true Playtex that we used with two older children . It was nice to see this new-to-us product and not have to mess with valves and making sure they are clean of any residue . We 've also tried Nuby soft tip and Nuby hard tip -LRB- with a two sided valve -RRB- and still lean toward Playtex .
 I love the older version of this cup that does n't change color but could not find it in store so I got this one . First wash on the top rack of the dishwasher and it melted . A very poorly manufactured product .
 Everything looked great on this cup - liked the look of it , looked easy to clean - but when we tried out the cup before we gave it to our 11 month old - you ca n't get a DROP out of it . The holes are like a pin hole . So I took a knife to the plastic and widened their awesome patented easy-to clean built in valve so that my child could actually take a SIP from this stupid SIPPY CUP . So , may I ask ... what 's the point of buying a sippy cup if you ca n't even get a SIP out of it ? So ridiculous - so now I have a sippy cup that works because I widened the holes myself ... but leaks like crazy ! lol ! I think the playtex are the best . They are cute cups , and the idea behind it would be great - if it worked . Glad I tried it before I gave it to my child ... he would 've been very , very angry !
 There is nothing wrong with the cups themselves , but the ones I received are not the same ones that are pictured .
 We were drawn to the fact that these sippy cups were valveless and hence would be easier to clean and decrease the possibility for trapped dirt and bacteria . When I noticed my daughter struggling with it , I tried it for myself and you have to use so much suction just to get a few drops out of the cup ! Imagine if it took that much effort for an adult , how hard it would be for a child . I promptly put them in the recycling bin - do not waste your money on this product .
 I purchased a total of 11 of these cups over the past 5 months . For the initial use , I did have to push a tooth pick through the slits on the valves . They all worked fine for a while , but have started to leak from the top vent hole -LRB- not the spout -RRB- . I am soooo frustrated ! I thought it was the perfect cup and never would have invested that much money in a whole set of them . I ca n't stand having a million different types of cups . It makes matching them up too difficult . So , I guess I am going to have to switch to another brand . :-LRB- i ca n't handle the leaks .
 I bought this pump a few months ago after the birth of my third child who is exclusively breastfed . After research I purchased the product in the expectation that it was manufactured from an experienced brand , was expensive and would assist in my maintaining breastfeeding after my return to work when baby was only 8 weeks . I found the instructions limited i.e it did not even provide guidance on expressing milk and how to maximise milk production for women starting to express . I started to use the pump when baby was over five weeks . Very little milk was expressed after over one hour . THe pump was not adaptable and uncomfortable to use . Depsite pumping no milk came out . This continued even weeks after purchase that I had to hand pump in order to fill a bottle for baby . I felt so disappointed since the hard work in establishing breat feeding could be lost by the uselessness of this pump . I would have requested my money back from Medela since I feel that this product is a misrepresentation and I do not recommend it for working mothers because although I work I do require it for occasional pumping since in the morning and night I am able to nurse my baby . Rubbish and stressful .
 I am baffled by the positive reviews for this product , and completely frustrated that I wasted my money on it . I rented Medela 's Symphony pump and then purchased the Pump in Style Backpack and LOVED them both . I got the Swing pump because I lost my Pump in Style and I wanted to save money . Big mistake . I am so unhappy with the Swing Pump . The motor is weak ; it is terrible at expressing milk . Please do n't make my mistake . Get one of the other Medela pumps .
 This is the only one I 've used , so I have nothing to compare it to . I chose the Swing because it was a moderately priced electric pump -LRB- Target $ 150 -RRB- . My mistake was that I did not research information on pumps . My experience with this machine is that it is LOUD . For those of us that need to pump while in a public facility or at work , this is embarassing and unacceptable . Its like broadcasting to the world that you are pumping . In my opinion , this is a private matter and is no one else 's concern . In addition , it is certainly loud enough to wake the baby.It either plugs in or uses batteries . It drains the batteries within just a few pumpings . It will leave you in the middle of a pumping session - and that is not a good place to be.I also find it a little slow . Again , I will admit that I have nothing to compare it to , and this is only my experience.The peice with the valve is removable for cleaning . After just a few times , the peice has frozen on , and I ca n't get it off . This is irritating , to say the least.On a positive note , I find it pretty efficient and versitile . I like that it will pump into anything and not just other medela products .
 Where do I begin ? - First the power adapter broke in the first several months of use . Not like I have time as a new mom to sit on the phone with customer service , so I 've had to use batteries ever since.-Of course , I go through batteries like crazy because it takes OVER AN HOUR , sometimes an hour and a half to pump what I need from both sides . -LRB- usually 6-8oz -RRB- - The milk gets backed up into the tubes constantly . So , I have to stop my pumping session to clean the tubes out . At this very moment , my husband is dutifully cleaning it for me.-It 's so loud that it 's hard to hear over.-Overall , I 'm in month 6 and have had a horrible time with the Medela Swing . I would not recommend this product ever . Even to my worst enemy.-I am a stay at home mom , so my pumping needs are n't even that huge , but this pump is ridiculous . I ca n't imagine a manual pump being any slower .
 I felt I needed to write a review for this item because I could n't believe that it is rated 4 stars ! Maybe I was just expecting to much from a breast pump ? As a first time mom , I chose this pump because of price and I only planned on using it occasionally . I was very disappointed when I finally got to use it . Like others said , the cord unplugs very easily , which is a hassle . Also I was only able to pump a few ounces at a time . On the plus side , the design itself is nice , attractive and easy to use , however the results I had with it were very disappointing . I really wish I would have invested in a better , more expensive one . I am now pregnant with # 2 and I am looking at other pumps , wishing I would n't have bought this one . I hope this helps
 Whatever you do , spend the extra $ 100 and get a double pump . I had the pump in style with my first and only used it for a few months -LRB- but I really liked it -RRB- so I thought I would spend less on this one and just dedicate the extra time to pumping while I 'm home . BIG MISTAKE !! First off it takes forever to pump , and then you still have to do the other breast . Because it 's such a weak pump , I get really engorged and when I 'm pumping , the milk somehow goes into the tube and makes a huge mess and I have to take it off , clean it and start all over . It 's honestly like a ball and chain . I have NO time to do anything else , including enjoying my newborn child . Just a complete waste of money . I regret this buy .
 Ok , I bf my daughter for a year and my son is now 8 months and I am still bfing . My pump in style advance finally died the other day , i used I a ton because I make so much milk I always pump extra for my freezer stash . The PIS Advance is AWESOME ! I am only bfing for a couple more months so I did n't want to spend $ 350 again when this is my last kid . But I am seriously considering selling this one and buying a used one because it sucks . Or rather , it does n't . The highest setting is so slow and it only does one side so it takes forever to finish if you are pumping both sides . It sounds like a cow mooing and wo n't work with the ac car adapeter from the PiS because the Voltage is HALF . So annoying , I guess most of the people who reviewed this so positively do n't know what they 're missing . It 's nice that it is so small and compact , but that 's the only good thing . The motor in the PIS is by itself anyway -LRB- metro bag version -RRB- so it is very portable.Long story short , if you 're going to be pumping a lot , spend the money on the advance ! Not this one !
 We bought this pump thinking that it would be used for occasional use , but was of the quality to be used on a daily basis . What we were n't planning on was that our beautiful little girl was going to be a challenging eater that would only feed from the bottle . So this pump got thrown into full time use pretty much from the beginning . Within the first few uses the valve did n't release milk into the bottle causing the milk to backflow into the tube . We replaced the valve membrane and this did not fix the issue . We then purchased and replaced the valve body and membrane . This seemed to fix the problem for a short time . We contacted Medela and were told that if you are having issues with the valves you need to purchase and replace them . We said that even new ones did n't fix the problem and they said you just have to replace the valves and flaps weekly . We now unplug the hose from the bottle about every 15s to allow the milk to flow into the bottle . After three months of daily use this pump died completely . Medela promptly replaced it , but still let us down . This pump has not been reliable and has been a royal pain in the ...
 I would highly recommend people to look else where . The motor is very weak and has caused my milk production to decrease significantly . I work fulltime so having a good pump is an essential for me . My daughter will eat 20oz of breastmilk , which is exactly the amount i use to produce during my workday , while we are away from eachother . I 've taken supplements , stayed very hydrated and have a well balanced diet , all of which are needed for a healthy supply , and still my production dropped about 7oz in a week . When i talked to my lactation nurse , she said that she wished Medela would take this product off the market . That they know it is a cheap electric pump and so many of her patients who have called concerned about drastic decreases in milk supply used this pump . She recommended a few other pumps and i am waiting on them to arrive in the mail now.It also takes me almost an hour and a half to pump 9oz and over an hour to pump 5 . I also have to squeeze my breasts just to keep milk flowing . With the pump alone , i 'll be able to feel them full but nothing will come out . Needless to say my hands are very sore after work from having to have to squeeze and massage my breasts for so long each day just to get milk out . I pump 3 times in 8 hours . Most of my workday is spent pumping . I 'm greatful for being in the military because if i was n't , i probably would have had to stop breastfeeding because it takes so darn long for me to extract my milk . I 'm looking forward to my new pump which should be here in a few days.There was condensation build-up in the tube after just one use . I got tired of having to listen to it pump with the tube out just to clear out the condensation . The tube also comes out so easily . I ca n't even move the pump slightly to adjust myself or get a new grip on my breast without it falling out . The first few times is n't too annoying , but pumping during almost half my workday and dealing with it falling out many times during each session gets really old very fast . The pump is n't that quiet either . Not sure why some reviews say it is . I guess if you have it on the low suction setting , it is fairly quiet , but if you 're looking to extract any milk , the low setting is n't going to be the one you 're on.I did like however the fact that the funnels had a soft , flexable piece that made it fairly comfortable to pump . Only thing is it started warping after a week of using it once a day . Now it looks almost folded in half ... Medela also has bags that are able to attach to the pump its self so bottles are n't necessary . This is very nice , so i 'll give Medela a thumbs up for that .
 I just bought this product for less than 2 weeks and the Sofefit shield is already broken.Then , I have to keep spending money to order replacements over and over again.I rated this product 1 star due to low reliability , I really do n't like it.Anyone who interests in this item please just save your money and buy something else .
 I rarely take the time to leave a review , but I feel so passionately that no one else should waste their money ! This pump is AWFUL . I rented the medela symphony for six weeks , and obviously its a superior machine bc its hospital grade . The Swing does n't even seem like its made by the same mfg. It backs up milk in the tube ALL THE TIME , so I have to have extra tubes because they get moldy if not cleaned properly when the milk backs up . Then , the milk gets to the motor and that needs to be rinsed out or it will go bad . -LRB- And I used the longer tubes that came with the rental . -RRB- I only pump once or twice a day , since I feed her from the breast other times , so that 's not the issue . Also , the suction on this machine is terrible , I need to pump three times as long , on the rare occasion I can actually pump bc the tubes and motor are clean . Stick with the higher end model or rental , bc this is an absolute money pit ! I wish I had listened to myself and gone for the better models , but I read other reviews that sounded favorable . Not sure they had the same single Swing model , but its soooo bad .
 I bought this pump a month after my youngest was born , I was a 1st time breastfeeding momma so I was clueless about breastpumps . If I had to do it all over again I would not buy the swing again . I thought I just got a bad pump but that was n't the case I contacted medela and they sent me a new motor however it was useless just like the first one . It does n't suck as hard as you think a breastpump would . I can hand express more milk in less time ! I thought maybe it was a low milk supply issue trust me it was n't ! I can only pump about 2 oz total and that 's from both sides together . Either buy a more powerful one or save yourself the money and worry . I pump at the highest vaccume and it barly draws my nipples in and I 'm using the correct size shield ! Hope you find something better
 Unfortunately after using this pump for only 3 days , it broke . The motor was noticeably weaker than the Pump in Style , but I needed this for business travel . After the third day of use , the motor sounded like it was dying and it just would n't pump anymore . Guess I 'll just go back to lugging the Pump in Style with me on my trips .
 I used this pump everyday and after 30 days of use , the pump broke . It would shut off on its own . I would n't recommend this pump to anyone .
 At first I loved this new pump -- it seemed to work much better and more efficient than my really old hand-me-down pump in style . However , that being said , it has been only a few weeks and it feels like it is harder and harder to get milk out.Also , more importantly , milk consistently gets sucked up the tubing . I hold the horn/bottle upright and keep the motor/pump higher than the bottle but for whatever reason my milk refuses to go down the correct passageway to the bottle . The horn is incredibly annoying since -LRB- unlike the older version -RRB- you ca n't even see what the heck is in there -LRB- parts are yellow plastic -RRB- . I do n't know if I have a bad horn or if I 'm doing something wrong -LRB- I have NEVER had this problem with my pump in style -RRB- . I 'm sad that I dropped about 150 on this and it is n't all that great . I wish the baby market were a bit more reasonable ...
 Our baby is now six months old . She has been feed exclusively on expressed breast milk . And she is lovely.The first Swing lasted 3 month and was replace under warranty . The motor unit of the Swing is very fragile with paper thin seals that require a new motor unit to replace . Do n't drop a Swing.We have just returned the second Swing unit for a full refund . The second unit was sucking hard but not producing milk.When the first unit broke we purchased a Avent Isis IQ as a stop gap . Initially my wife did n't like it as it did not seem to suck as well as the Swing . We got a new Swing under warranty . My wife decided to use both pumps to save time . She preferred the Swing as it seemed to suck harder . It took a while for it to become apparent although the Avent was gentler it was producing more milk.The design of the Avent is much more robust than the Swing and the materials seem to last longer . Because of the cup design the Avent is more comfortable to use . With the Swing it is possible to get milk inside the motor unit.Having said that the day after we bought a second Avent Isis to speed up the process our original Avent machine 's motor burnt out . This was replaced under warranty but it lasted no longer than the Swing . I wonder what the pigeon pumps are like .
 I 've been lugging around my Pump-n-Style through three babies ... until it finally broke . I was turned on to the Swing 'cause it 's so compact - and cute - and considering baby # 3 is now 10 months old , I thought the Swing would be a wise buy , because I 'm only pumping a few times a week . WRONG !!! Give me back my Pump-n-Style ! The Swing takes at least 3x as long - w / the Pump-n-Style I 'm able to set up , pump both breasts and put everything back in the bag w/in 10 minutes . The Swing takes AT LEAST half an hour - not good when I only get 30 minutes for a lunch break @ work ... . What 's worse is I just do n't get as much milk with the Swing
 This pump worked great at first , but it slowly began to lose its effectiveness . I used it for about 8 weeks . The first few weeks were great - I was getting a normal amount of milk out - about 2 or 3 ounces per breast . Then my supply started dwindling . I blamed stress , I drank lots of water , I took fenugreek , I pumped every two hours for a week straight . Finally , when I was only getting half an ounce per breast , I decided to go rent a medela Symphony -LRB- hospital grade pump -RRB- and my supply has increased greatly since then , with no additional pumping sessions . The Swing is weak , and I think it was stronger in the beginning , but always the highest setting was never a very strong pull . Also , I would often get milk sucked up into the tubes , like other reviewers stated . I would recommend this pump to anyone who might pump once a day or so , but no more than that . It is small and can fit in a large purse or regular diaper bag , so at least it 's useful for pumping away from home , if that 's not a daily thing . You will go through 4 AA batteries quickly , though . Probably a fresh set of batteries gets you 8 hours of pumping . I would consider this a motorized version of a hand pump . It 's inexpensive compared to other pumps so for occasional use , it 's okay . Do n't buy this if you 're planning on pumping a lot .
 hi , I started using the swing pump after my baby was born . The pump worked fine for the first 2 weeks . After that it 's efficiency reduced dramatically , in that , it started pumping 1/4 of what it used to earlier.I know that i 'm producing normally as i frequently overflow , but the pump just does not work ... Working with customer support to see what can be done . . For that kind of money this is certainly not expected.Will send updates if any . .
 Had this pump not stopped working after 3 months I would have given it 4 stars . But it does n't deserve it because it was expensive and did n't last !
 This pump is absolutely horrible . I hate using it . This pump leaks , eats up batteries , and is an all out nuissance . I ca n't use the plug because it will not stay in the pump . It is definitely not worth the money . I wish I could return it . I had an avent pump and loved it . Wish i had bought another one .
 I bought this product based on friend recommendation about the brand and on web review , I was so disappointed when I start nursing my newborn baby its not working as it suppose to be my breasts will be full and it suck only minimal I though initially that I do n't have enough milk later noticed that my baby sucking enough and getting satisfied and whenever i try to use it same happening '' something wrong with It , my husband was thinking I 'm not using it appropriately we read the manual and nothing changing , , , , , waist of money DO NOT BY IY
 I received this pump as a replacement from Medela because my Delux Single had broken and been discontinued by the company . I HATE IT ! The pump is sooo slow and pulls almost no milk out . I know i am not the problem because i was able to get a couple of oz out with each session on my other pump . Save your money and go with something else !
 i bought this pump from a locally owned store the owner was my doula.It seemed ok at first , but the suction was kind of weak . When I first had my daughter I had a hospital grade pump on loan because of my baby 's weight drop . I tried again to use it even though the suction was seak , and the milk kept going up the tube even though I used it properly . It started to make the pump break because it went right up the tube and in to the pump itself . When i polled it apart as much as i could I found a spungey part inside that was saturated in wet milk and it seemed like it was growing something because it must not have been the first time my milk went up the tube . My doula has a call in to the company right now , but no resalution has been worked out yet , but I prefer pumping by hand over using this even when it did work properly It just did n't have enough guts to it.I like the idea of the small 1 cup design , and I think the company has the no how to make this a better product , but until there are allot of changes I 'll stick with hand expressing and the pump and style if I ever am a working mom .
 At first , I was really impressed with this product . I was using it multiple times a day when I got back to work . Then , inexplicably after 6 weeks , it stopped working . I bought a second one . 6 weeks after that , the pump lost suction . At $ 120 + , I am unable to afford another . Due to the mediocre quality of this product , my milk is starting to go dry , as it will not provide adequate suction to maintain my supply . I bought this one from a friends recommendation -- my own recommendation is to look elsewhere and try other products .
 if you are looking to pump a lot and have a low milk supply , do n't even think about buying this . The sunction is LOW and it takes so much time , pumping one breast at a time.invest in one of the other higher grade pumps
 To the Megan of three months ago : I know that this pump is a lot cheaper than the Pump in Style Advanced and that you 're not sure whether you 'll even end up breastfeeding successfully . All the other baby stuff is so expensive , plus those nursing bras , bra pads , nipple cream , bottles , cleaners , sterilizers , etc. . You think you should save the money here ; after all , how bad can this pump be compared to the Pump in Style Advanced?Please , please buy the Pump in Style Advanced . You 'll save yourself three months of pain and suffering . You 'll be able to pump your overproducing breasts even when your baby is full . You 'll be able to stockpile some milk so you can sleep even though your baby needs to eat every two hours throughout the night . You 'll be able to regulate your supply when your baby decides he 's not as hungry as he used to be.You wo n't be able to do any of that with the Swing because the Pump in Style Advanced on its lowest setting is stronger than the Swing on its highest . And the Pump in Style Advanced can pump both breasts at the same time . The Swing 's pumping time for you will be 40 minutes per breast , the Pump in Style Advanced will take you 20 for both.The Pump in Style Advanced will save you days of pain with horrible lumps that turn into mastitis by pulling those lumps out whereas the Swing will just tug at your nipples till they turn purple , its little motor wheezing like a smoker racing up a steep hill.Sure the Swing is more mobile , if you buy it , I promise you that in three months you 'll throw it out the window in favor of the Pump In Style Advanced . And that moment will be the happiest that you share with the Swing.Love , Future Megan .
 Well , this pump must work for some people , based on the number of good reivews , but it does n't work for me -- unless I have over an hour to pump 4 oz . I do n't know whether it is the suction or the speed , but it just takes forever to get not nearly enough milk ! Also , this pump has turned off on me for no reason ! -LRB- I work from home and do n't pump often , so nothing should be worn out yet ! -RRB- I really like the fact that it is a single pump , as I only pump one side at a time , but this product just is n't good enough to feed my daughter with a bottle , forget about keeping my supply up . So , I 'm still on the search for a good pump . -LRB- Lansinoh is my next try , even though it 's a double . -RRB- Good luck !
 I purchased this pump a month and a half ago and it is barely working . When i first started pumping it worked really well and i would get at least 20 ounces a day . Now it takes at least two hours for 4 ounces to be pumped.I believe the problem is either with the suction -LRB- tubing to flimsy and narrow -RRB- or the small size of motor that can not handle even average capacity of pumping . For the amount of money spent is certaintly is a dissappointment . I intended to breastfeed my baby exclusively using the pump as my backup when i return to work and now after spending all that money i also have to buy formula for my baby in these hard economic times.The manufacturers need to revisit this product or reduce the price and its false claims . This is a legitimate review . I am from Trinidad , West Indies . If you know of any other more reliable pump please contact i am desparately in need of one . Please dont make the same mistake i made . Save your hard earned money !
 Warning
 I followed the instructions perfectly , pushed the ON button ... and nothing happened . The green light flashed off and on but there was NO motor sound and no suction at all . I hate to get defective products , especially from supposedly reputable companies . They are sending a new motor , but I will forever expect it to stop working at any moment because of this horrible first impression.And the AC adaptor plug comes out SO easy if it 's pulled on or jiggled in the slightest , like others have complained about in their reviews.To produce milk efficiently , we are supposed to be relaxed and without stress to help our body pump effectively , and this pump has already caused me nothing but annoyance and stress . I 'll never recommend Medela products just for the fact that I would be embarrassed to rave about it and then the person pull theirs out of the box BROKE .
 What a huge waste of money . I have a Pump in Style Advanced which I love . But I leave it at work and one day , I was staying home sick when I realized that my baby was at daycare and my pump was at work and I was in trouble . So , I went out and dropped $ 150 on the Medela Swing . I was pleased with my purchase since I liked my pump in style so much and I thought this would be fine for very occasional use . First of all , the swing has increadibly weak suction . It took me over 30 minutes on each side just to get my breasts down to a comfortable level , not even to empty them completely ! I shudder to think what this one sick day of pumping will do to my supply for the next few days . Plus , the little white flange does n't open and close with each pump like it 's supposed to . As a result , your milk gets trapped in the little yellow flap and then flows up into the tubing ! If you are buying a breast pump , please please please shell out the extra money for the Pump In Style .
 i bought the swing for pumping milk after my third baby . my previous pump , an avent , had broken and from the reviews i was led to believe the medela swing would be better . its ok - a bit better than the avent but not enough to justify the extra cost . The suction is less than i would have wanted and also loses strength if you use just battery power . the pumping tubes do not secure well into the pump or bottle so have a tendency to slip out - a very irritating design fault . Condensation forms in the tubes quickly and can go mouldy . It does the job but with a bit of tinkering by the medela design team , it could work even better .
 Pump stopped working after 2 weeks usage , simply not a durable device , the motor of the pump works but it seems something in the pump failed , the pump mechanism is sealed so its useless at the moment.I recommend going for the higuer end medela pump , i tried to save some money buying this model for my wife and ended up buying the higuer double pump model which is more durable.DONT recommend this specific model .
 I bought this breast pump 3 months ago . I have already had to call for warranty replacement twice . -LRB- Both times I called they replaced the pump unit for free and overnighted it so I had it the next day . -RRB- Mine always gets milk backing up in the tubing , and they tell me that it is because this pump is not designed to be used that much . Since I 'm a stay-at-home mom , I do n't really use it a lot . It would be terrible if I was working . I have to stop several times while pumping to blow the tubing out so the milk does n't get into the motor . It takes forever with this pump and I never feel like it gets all the milk out . It has battery power , but only pumps well when the batteries are brand new . Even when it is plugged in to the wall it just does n't seem like it is sucking hard enough . My sister bought the Medela Pump in Style double pump and it is AMAZING ! I wish I never would have used it because then maybe I would n't know how crappy the Swing is . Its a lot more expensive , but if you 're having your first baby and are planning to have more , and especially if you are a working mother , I definately recommend the Pump in Style advanced . It gets twice the milk in half the time . No kidding . You might think this is a good buy , because of the price , but its not . Do n't buy this pump .
 This is a good pump but it is pretty weak . I have a problem with my milk supply and this was not the pump to help with that problem . It is absolutely not worth paying over $ 100 for . For what this pump does I suggest purchasing a cheap manual pump , do your research and know what you need before you buy any pump on the market .
 For the first month the pump worked fine for once a day pumping . It didnt completely drain the breast so if this is your only method of releasing breastmilk , then this pump is not for you . After 4 wks of daily use , the tubing started taking in milk and then the motor quick working altogether . Theres instructions for cleaning the motor out , but being a busy working mom there 's just no time for daily cleaning of it .
 I have been using the Swing to pump since my daughter was born 6.5 months ago . I have n't tried any other pumps , so I do n't know if there is something better out there . But I find the Swing completely frustrating to use . As other reviewers have said , milk seems to go up into the tubing often . Also , sometimes it works and I get a couple of ounces but other times I get no milk at all , or just a drop or two . And this is when I KNOW there is milk in there because it 's been a couple of hours since I nursed and I can feel my breasts are full . I 'll spend 30 minutes pumping with nothing to show for it . I do use the Swing every day , but I wish I 'd bought something different .
 This was my second child and my second pump . The first was an inexpensive one i had been given . Though my previous one worked wonderfully , it died after only 5 months of use . So We decided to find a new one . I researched pumps for a good time before selecting this one . It had great reviews and seemed to fit my needs.Unfortunately I now dread pumping . Inf act , I hate pumping with this pump . ~ As others have said the soft cup warps and has changed color , even with careful cleaning and up keep . ~ I seldom get more then an ounce or two . It pumps well if i 'm engorged , but i 'm not always engorged . I have big breasts , they do n't need to be engorged to have plenty of milk . In fact , I hand express more milk then this pump gives me . so lately , i find myself hand expressing often . ~ It takes way to long to get very very little . I have 2 daughters the oldest of which is still under 2 . Meaning , i need to take care of her too . breastfeeding takes enough time , spending an additional hour for a meager ounce is n't worth it . at all . ~ The feature that is suppose to help cause Let Down . . is a let down . it does n't work . I have most success if I pump one side after my daughter has nursed for a few minutes . The pump does work if I have already let down . Then it might go smooth and i can get a few more ounces . I find myself running for the breast pump if I let down when my daughter does n't need to eat . . unfortunately its not convent and not always possible to do . Therefore its frustrating . ~ Have to be extra careful to help prevent milk from getting in the tube . There is no freedom to sit around and pump with ease , I usually have one girl or another in my arms and need to juggle more then one activity -LRB- ESPECIALLY IF ONE ACTIVITY TAKES SO LONG -RRB- . If the tube gets pinched , even for a second there is milk in the tube . I HATE cleaning it out to keep the motor safe.I also dislike leaving the motor running after pumping to let the condensation in the tubes evaporate . Its doable , however its an annoyance . -- Comparing my old -LRB- $ 50 Evenflow pump -RRB- and my new -LRB- $ 150 Medela Swing -RRB- : Old
 Everytime I use this pump , I have some sort of difficulty . Like the other reviewers , we went with this one due to the numerous good vs bad reviews and the price . Well I really wish we had n't cheaped out on this !!!! If the tube does n't fall out in the middle of pumping , then milk back ups into the tube . I 've also had problems getting the darn thing to even produce enough suction . You have to break your fingers getting the tube jammed into the valve just right in order to get good suction . I am currently sitting in the waiting area of a maternity ward trying to pump while my son is home with my husband , and my sister is in labor . The power cord tends to fall out mid pumping session sometimes too , which means I have to start over from the beginning becuase I do n't clock my time.Now as far as how much milk I get out it ranges from 0 to 3oz per breast . 0 , ladies , 0 . That 's right , sometimes it just wo n't get any out , even on the high setting . I have sucessfully pumped many times , so it 's not user error . I should be getting much more milk out than this . As well , it takes forever !!! You better plan on parking it for a good hour to get both breasts pumped . Do youself a huge favor and spend the extra money , it 's worth it !
 This breast pump hurt so much ! I borrowed another Medela pump and I had to keep it because this one was just too painful to use . It 's pretty looking and sleek but that does n't make up for the discomfort . I have to add that the one I borrowed from my sister hurt her and this one did n't so I believe this one might work for other people ...
 I am in the process of returning this pump after 2 months of use -LRB- Dec 2012 - Jan 2013 -RRB- . Too many times the milk is sucked up in the tube , and even spills because it is not letting down into the bottle - very annoying . Not convenient for travelling either , as it has too many parts to walk with and the tube should be longer -LRB- the Deluxe Single pump is most convenient for travel purposes - just get a good brand battery -RRB- . The motor 's hum is tolerable but could be quieter -LRB- horribly loud on the single deluxe -RRB- . Very disappointed in the infamous Medela brand on this item . I have to pump a lot for my preemie baby so I rented the Symphony and it works great with a low hum ! -LRB- just not portable -RRB- . Currently checking out the knapsack one to see if I should buy it ...
 I bought this insulator and it just does not keep the bottle warm . It is now of no use to me as i have to get another bottle warmer .
 After warming three bottles in my car -LRB- which took over 30 minutes -RRB- , it quit working . I would definitely NOT recommend this to anyone !!!
 This is the 3rd Diono in 4 months , first one lasted 1 month , and since then every replacement one has only lasted 5 - 7 days at the most .
 The warmer is able to warm up the bottle in less than 10 mins . The only limitation is short lifespan . We used less than 10 times and after which it could n't function anymore .
 This was soo not worth it . It takes a while to heat up which was a problem for us . I honestly did n't get enough use out of it to tell you anything other than that .
 This is the worst product i bought from Amazon . I got it for a roadtrip with my baby . The entire trip was supposed to be 10 days and this bottle warmer broke down in 2 days after 3 uses .
 I read the reviews before buying this and knew I had a 50-50 shot of it working . After 15 minutes the bottle was still just as cold as it was when I put it in there . The warmer is wide and does not fit Dr Brown 's bottles very well . We had 6 ounces of formula in the bottle . Perhaps a short fat bottle with less formula inside would have been less cold after the 15 minutes , but I ca n't imagine this thing ever getting any bottle warm .
 had to drive to Michigan from Alabama so needed a warmer for the car . After reading the unfavorable reviews , I still purchased it , I only needed it for this trip and our family vacation in a couple of weeks . Well , it warmed one bottle very well ... it took about 45 minutes , just as another customer said . then , when time for 2nd bottle , the light was on but it would not get warm . So , every 3 hours we were getting hot coffee from a gas station . I do NOT recommend this product . I wasted 10 bucks and some change !
 They ca n't seem to make car bottle warmers that work well . This does get warm , but takes forever to warm the bottle just like any other car warmer . Be prepared for it to take 15 mins or so .
 I loved this product until it broke . I had it less than 2 months and used it less than 5 times . Now , it wo n't heat up anymore .
 I can not comment on how long it takes for the warmer to use since it wo n't fit my daughter 's bottles . It 's too large . The bottles we use are too narrow for the product so it does n't get a snug fit . I will likely return it .
 Takes a long time to heat the bottle up so start warming 15 mins before a hungry baby starts crying . I wish it had a timer or a beeper because I accidentally left it on the lighter and burned it up in a week . Good tool but I found a drive thru cup of hot water a faster and easier method .
 I bought this warmer because it looked cute and very compact ... I read some reviews about the quality but I thought `` well for $ 10 I will give it a try '' ... BAD Idea ! I received the item and 4days later the warmer it was n't working anymore ... If I knew I would have saved the ten dollars + $ 3 more and bought my current warmer `` Munchkin Car Bottle Warmer '' . And by the way , all car warmers take at least 5min to warm up milk/food so if you want to heat it up your bottle faster put it in the microwave but remember that is NOT recommended ... or just do n't wait until your child is starving and screaming .
 I throw mine away ! It has been plugged in my car -LRB- which was running -RRB- for about an hour and still the bottle is barely warm ! My baby 's bottle did not even came from the fridge ! It is definitely a waste of money !
 The bottle did not even warm up after 20 minutes . The bottle did not come out of the fridge .
 This monitor is the worst on the market . Do n't waste your money-spend a little extra and get the sony baby call . My husband and I could n't hardly sleep due to the loud static . I got better sleep on the floor in my sons room !
 This monitor is decent for the price , I guess . But I think I would have rather spent a little extra to get something a little better . The pro to the monitor is that it picks up the smallest sounds . But the problem is that there 's so much static that you can barely hear the sounds that it picks up . There 's so much static that it almost completely drowns out my crying baby ! If you run the monitor on just the batteries alone -LRB- and unplug the AC adapter -RRB- , then the monitor is pretty crystal clear . The only problem with that is that the battery life in that monitor is only like 1-2 nights -LRB- tops ! -RRB- . So , if you have the money to spend on a new 9V battery every night , or every other night , then I guess this monitor would be okay . But if you have that kind of money , I would suggest that you invest in a monitor that is better quality than this one . I think I am going to return this for something a little better . I 'm very disappointed in Fisher Price . They usually have such great quality products . I ca n't believe they would come out with something this poor of quality . My suggestion
 Stop , read this before you buy !! The interference on this monitor makes it unuseable . I had to purchase a new one , so my advice is to spend the extra dollars up front and save yourself the headache . It is appropriately named ... lots of SOUND !
 We bought this monitor and it is absolutely lousy . When we use it with the receivers plugged in instead of battery use , they make this awful loud humn noise that gives you a headache and makes you feel like your sitting under a high tension wire . We know it 's not just our house causing it - because friends that have the same monitor complained about the same noise with theirs that they bought around the same time as us . When we use it with battery power alone , the life of the battery wears out in just like 5 nights of using it - and this is just using it when the baby goes to bed until we go to bed . I find it totally unacceptable and will be looking for a different monitor .
 This monitor is horrible , I hear the static more than I hear the baby . I do not recommed this monitor-I have to buy a new one .
 I have only had this brand new dual reciever set for about 3 months and already one of the recievers is broken . We have to turn the volume so far down on this reciever to avoid static that we hear our child first before we hear him on the monitor . Probably a great monitor when you use only one reciever and plan on never switching it from room to room . All in all -- > DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Just too much static . I 'm taking it back .
 We bought this monitor based on all the wonderful reviews . What a waste ! We have two major problems w/this monitor .1 -RRB- The static . Whether it 's plugged in , on battery power , channel A , channel B. . . did n't matter . There was awful static and more often than not a horrible buzzing sound from the reciever . Often the sound would cut in and out making it difficult to determine if I was hearing static and buzzing or the baby crying .2 -RRB- When used on battery power , the monitor would go dead after an hour or so . I at first thought it was the battery -LRB- even though it was brand new -RRB- and replaced it . It continued to happen . Plug it back in for a few minutes , it would work again , but only for a short time before going dead again . With our daughters bedroom being downstairs and ours upstairs , this of course is a MAJOR problem!I will be returning this monitor and have yet to decide which monitor I will replace it with , but I seriously doubt it will be another Fisher Price product .
 I felt compelled to write this because Fisher Price has disappointed me by attempting -LRB- and failing -RRB- to improve what was a tried and true product.We own an older model S&L and it works like a charm . With baby # 2 we wanted another monitor and thought to minimize interference we 'd need a 900mhz model . After trying and returning 3 different models -LRB- we were getting lots of static and humming -RRB- , we went back to the tried and true Fisher Price Sound & Lights as a last resort . At first this new version was all I could find in the store so I bought it . I plugged it in and got an annoying hum no matter what channel & volume it was set at and one of the channels did n't even pick up any sounds -LRB- even with our other monitor turned off -RRB- . We returned it the next day and hunted around & finally found one of the older models -LRB- looks like our 's but just a darker blue antenna - model 71591 -RRB- . It works wonderfully . Our first model has B & C channels and this one has C & D channels . We can operate both and have no interference and crystal clear sound . You can hear baby perfectly without a lot of background noise getting in the way . The volume at its lowest setting lets you hear baby 's cries -LRB- at a non-ear-shattering volume -RRB- but allows you a peaceful night 's sleep by not broadcasting regular tossing and turning movements . With baby # 1 we set it at a higher volume to hear everything at night . Now we 're happy to have a model that allows us to filter out most noise . None of the other models we tried had this option . Every sound was loud on the lowest volume . This is very irritating in the dead of night . It 's a shame that these models are no longer being made . They are the best monitors out there.My recommendation is to find the older Sound n Lights if you can . It wo n't disappoint like this new one does .
 This monitor has WAY too much static and makes a ticking noise constantly . When being operated in battery mode , you have to replace the batteries after about 8 hours of use , or every other day . What a HASSLE !! We are going to go buy a better monitor ASAP in hopes of getting some sleep without having to tolerate the constant `` tick , tick , tick ... ''
 I found this monitor useless . The static was so loud on one channel that I could n't sleep . The other channel picks up a radio station clear as day but not my baby crying . It is going right back to the store !
 I bought this monitor after reading many good reviews , and was not at all satisfied . With batteries the thing worked great , but it only lasts about seven hours . When you plug it in , it has feedback . If you were to use this dureing the day the buzzing might not be so bad , but at night the feedback kept me up more than my 2 week year old !
 picks up the signals from the other monitor transmitter , even when it 's set to operate on the different channel . On top of it the monitor does n't pick up the quite sounds.I regret buying it and now looking to buy one in the Radioshack .
 picks up the signals from the other monitor transmitter , even when it 's set to operate on the different channel . On top of it the monitor does n't pick up quite sounds.I regret buying it and now looking to buy one in the Radioshack .
 This monitor worked great for the first week . Then , there was so much static I could n't sleep , and I could n't hear the baby clearly . I highly recommend the Sony babycall monitor -LRB- also carried by Babies R Us , but not online -RRB- . It has a wonderful voice activated only feature that allows perfect silence from the monitor unless baby is fussing -LRB- i.e. , you wo n't hear the vacuum cleaner or the dryer or the neighbor 's dog barking , etc. - it only turns on when the baby cries or your spouse talks , etc. -RRB- I bought the Sony and retired the Fisher Price and am sleeping better than I have in weeks .
 We also bought this monitor because of the glowing reviews . We have been using it for 7 months and are tolerating it , but definitely would not rate it as a great product . The static is terrible -LRB- plus a high-pitched buzz -RRB- . We are sometimes able to move it to different areas in our room to reduce the static but that never lasts for long . If it 's remotely close to any other electronic device there 's no chance of it being quiet . Fortunately we 've never had trouble hearing our son cry over the static , but it is getting very annoying falling asleep to the sound of static every night .
 We received this monitor as a shower gift . When we tested it before our daughter was born it worked fine . Since then , another family in our neighborhood has begun using this monitor . On one channel we hear their nursery and the other loud static . Between all the cell phones and cordless phones in the area we cant get clear reception . We are returning this to the store and buying another one .
 We broke our last monitor , went looking for the least expensive one and ended up with this . The sound quality is awful . The base unit sits over my son 's bed , but it still sounds like he 's in a tunnel . Second , it does not have rechargeable batteries and eats up 9 volt batteries like nobody 's business . This one 's cheap -LRB- until you add the cost of batteries -RRB- , and you 'll certainly get what you pay for ! My advice
 Go ahead and buy a better monior from the start . We recieved this monitor as a shower gift . We have a split floor plan so he slept in our room and we did n't atempt to use monitor till he was 10 weeks old . When we did we could not sleep because of the humming and static . We had keep our son sleeping in our room untill we bought the Sony babycall . Now we can sleep . The Sony has a voice actived feature so at night the monior is quiet untill the baby cries . You can also listen if you want . The sony is quieter with less stactic . Do n't waste your money on the Fisher Price .
 We registered for this and received it as a shower gift . After only 5 minutes of use , it went right back into the box . The static it picked up was terrible . Not only did it mask any low sounds coming from the baby but it was simply annoying to sit and listen to that static . I suppose we would have gotten used to it , like the hum of lots of flourescent lights . You have to turn it up to hear the baby which only increased the volume of static.Needless to say , it went back to the store.We found a 900MHz model made by Sony -LRB- model 910 -RRB- which is excellent . It 's the only 900MHz model that I 've seen that has 27 different channels to avoid static and interference with any cordless phones at the same frequency . I did n't find many reviews for this product but I went ahead with the purchase , relying on my past satisfaction with Sony products . It works great with no static and it picks up the slightest whisper from ten feet away , if desired . You can turn down the receiver volume if you only wish to hear baby crying . If you can find it , buy this baby monitor .
 The only thing I liked about this monitor is that it lit up . It was entirely too noisy . I almost could n't hear my baby for the noise that the monitor made . Needless to say it only lasted one night in my house . I found the Safety First model to be alot better .
 I just brought this home and as soon as I plugged it in it made a loud buzzing sound . Tons of background static . A complete waste of time and money .
 After reading the great reviews about this monitor my husband and I desided to get it . After our baby was born we put it to the test . It worked great , I could hear every little sound that our daughter made . About twenty minutes later all you could hear was loud static . We tried everything to fix it . We changed batteries , tried diffrent channels , and even bought a new adapter for it . Nothing worked . We returned it and bought a Graco Clear Range Monitor . It works fantastic . We 've never had one single problem with it , and my daugter loves to knock it around a bit .
 I researched monitors , and found that this one had pretty good reviews . When we started using it with our newborn , the batteries would only last 4 nights ! We switched brands of batteries , but the same thing again . You can count on spending $ 5-6 a week just on batteries . Now , after using it for 3 weeks with no static , all it does it make static , hum very loudly , or make clicking sounds . You can not hear the baby when he cries and one can defintely not sleep with all that sound . This monitor is useless and I am very disappointed in the quality . Hopefully Target will take it back !
 I bought this monitor and it broke within 5 months -LRB- only used at night -RRB- . The reciever will no longer work on batteries and gets static several times a night that is so loud that it wakes me up . It also uses batteries very quickly . I do not recommed this monitor to anyone !
 I just bought this monitor after fussing with another brand for a few months . I thought the Fisher-Price brand would offer better quality . When it works , it is very sensitive and I can hear my baby breathing , but it does n't usually work . When it 's plugged in , there is this low buzzing that bothers me while I sleep and I am a heavy sleeper . When it 's on battery power , it gets nothing but static if I put it down . I have to hold the antenna to keep the static away . NOT very convenient . I have tried all the recommendations in the directions to no avail . Plus sometimes , the sound just cuts in and out like my baby 's on a cell phone and I ca n't hear him at all for several seconds . So , it looks like another trip to the store to try something else .
 It was a little static-y when we got it , but after a few months of use , it developed a serious problem . At odd intervals , it would make a VERY loud static sound and jolt me out of my sleep ! About the time I 'd get back to sleep , it would do it again . Adjusting the volume made no difference . It went out with the trash , and I slept in the baby 's room till I could get a different one !
 This is the WORST monitor we 've had so far . The only way to get rid of the static and/or humming noise is to turn the receiver off ! We got it yesterday , and it 's not getting another chance . I would rather sleep on her hardwood floor in her room than listen to all the noise from this monitor .
 I enjoyed this monitor for 3 months . I tried using batteries with it at first but there was too much static . So I always had it plugged in . Now after 3 months no matter what room I try to listen or what channel , I ca n't hear anything over the static . My advise is to buy a different system .
 This product was horrible . It sucked batteries like they were going out of style . We used it for 1 1/2 hours per day and changed the batteries every 5 days . It also tuned out whenever my child started talking . We threw away the box , otherwise we would return it . Do n't buy it .
 We purchased a model of this Fisher Price monitor which was replaced recently by this newer model seen here . But we learned something I wanted to pass along to new moms who are overwhelmed by all the choices out there . I think you get what you pay for with monitors . At first , the monitor worked great ... until about 5 months . After that point , we picked up about 40 % static . The static sometimes wakes us at night it 's so loud . But the feature that was most annoying was the volume button -LRB- I 'm not sure if they 've changed this or not on this newest model -RRB- . There are no numbers or `` levels '' printed by the volume dial . Only a sticker showing which way to turn the dail for loud or soft -LRB- which was stuck on backwards by the manufacturer !!! -RRB- . Since we move the monitor around the house depending on where we are , we change the levels all the time . But since there are no `` markers '' on the volume knob , we never know what volume level we are at . So it 's a guessing game at night , when we want it turned low , but do n't know how low we 've turned it . We have to perform nightly sound checks to see if it 's at an appropriate level for sleep . Choose a monitor that has volume levels printed ! It 's a MUST feature !
 Go ahead and buy a better monior from the start . We recieved this monitor as a shower gift . We have a split floor plan so he slept in our room and we did n't atempt to use monitor till he was 10 weeks old . When we did we could not sleep because of the humming and static . We had keep our son sleeping in our room untill we bought the Sony babycall . Now we can sleep . The Sony has a voice actived feature so at night the monior is quiet untill the baby cries . You can also listen if you want . The sony is quieter with less stactic . Do n't waste your money on the Fisher Price .
 This net is nothing like what the pictures shows ! Its very small and would not hold but maybe two or three medium stuff animals . The net is not stretchy at all but the edges around the net are . Its not worth the money at , the hooks are not a secures as i would like for even as little as it does hold ! Hope this helps !
 i didnt get any sucktion cups with it . so i had to hang it up in my kids room and it is way bigger than i thought so i am glad i put it there . there is no way it would fit well in the bathtub
 Even with larger wall anchors -LRB- purchased separately from the hardware store -RRB- , these nets just fell right out of the wall , leaving holes that had to be patched and painted -LRB- with paint purchased separately from the hardware store -RRB- . So our $ 10 nets cost us an additional $ 25 in supplies to fix the damage they did . Live and learn .
 It is still not here and there is no way to contact them . Please leave a comment . Any help would be nice
 Was very disappointed with this product . It did not hold toys very well at all and was hideous in my daughter 's room . I took it down immediately and tossed it . I would not recommend this at all !
 I purchased 2 different kinds and of the 2 I did n't like this one at all . I hung it up just like the other and as I added stuffed animals it stretched and stretched until it was drooping very bad from all the weight and did n't want to actually hold everything .
 This item is tiny . The net will barely hold 3 or 4 regular szed stuffed animals . Either amazon snet me the wrong net or every animal picured in the item photo is 4 inches long . An absolute waste of money .
 The anchors that came with the hammock are horrible . They wont stay in place . My daughter just reached out to pick some stuffed toys and screws came off with anchors . Very flat and thick anchors . A very poor job .
 We did not end up using this hammock and just hung a shelf to hold his stuffed animals instead . It 's not that he has too many stuffed animals as it is that this hammock really sags . I see now that the picture shows this , but our ceilings are n't high enough to prevent my 2 yr old from hanging from it . This may work in an older child 's room .
 I was very dissapointed when I received this product . It is NOT what is pictured on the site . Only the sides of the hammock are stretchy NOT the mesh itself . The holes in the hammock are only about a centimeter in diameter the picture shows them much larger . This will not hold many stuffed animals .
 OH NO !!! This toy net is not stretchy and is about the size of an unfolded adult diaper ! It 's not like the ones kids had in the 70 's . This might fit 4 big toys . DARN ! This is NOT going to help at all . How disappointing !
 This `` animal hammock '' is terrible . I purchased it based on some of the reviews that stated that a lot of animals -LRB- sometimes up to 50 -RRB- would fit in the hammock . That is simply untrue . I put this up in my daughters room and it barely holds 5 animals of decent size . The front is very flimsy and the animals just fall out . We had to purchase a different type of stuffed animal holder because this one is woefully inadequate . Do yourself a favor and DO NOT PURCHASE this hammock .
 Received this in the mail today and tried hanging it so i can put my daughters stuffed animals in it and it looks so awkward on the wall . The HAMMOCK is HUGE ! You need ALOT of wall space to hang .
 `` JUMBO '' toy hamock ? I 'd hate to see the small size . The photo in the ad must be of 1 '' stuffed animals because this hammock holds not more than 3 -LRB- three -RRB- 8 '' stuffed animals . Ridiculous . It is smaller than the toy hammock you can buy at the dollar store ! Wo n't be buying anything from Prince Lionheart again .
 Bought this in early April and have finally gotten around to putting them up and they do NOT work . I ca n't even get 3-4 stuffed toys in it without it just flipping out the front . Really disappointed I can not return them because I had removed them from the box 3 weeks ago to instal and then did not have the right size drill bit for the anchor ... so had to wait . So upset .
 I thought this would be great for the kids rooms because we have such a small house . The only problem is that the hooks were too big to use , and I had to get different hooks . Then my 3 year old found it extremely easy to rip them out of the wall . It also takes up a huge amount of space in a corner . It also sinks A TON ! I put it at my shoulder level and it sinks down to my daughter 's height . I do n't even use them . I kinda feel like they are cheap crap .
 This is not what I expected . In the picture the hammock has suction cups . what I recieved has nails . I can not attach this to the tiled walls in my bathroom . Disappointed .
 I did n't want to put 3 big holes into the wall , so I tried to use adhesive hooks and they did n't last long . While they were there , I tried filling it with stuffed animals , and it did n't hold very many . So I 'm glad I did n't commit to the holes before I tried it out . I later purchased a hanging mesh storage closet organizer for the stuffed animals and it works great . No holes in the walls , she still gets to enjoy all her stuffed animals , and holds bigger animals without it flipping over like the hammock .
 This hammock had awful instructions . Stretched awkwardly and is definitely bigger than I expected . It drooped so bad I had to stretch it way too far and it does n't hold stuffed animals well . So disappointed .
 I purchased 3 types/brands and this is by far the worst . It is not elastic and sags horrible no matter how you install it . So when packed full of animals , the others looks great while this one sags , streches and look horrible . It looks like it will fall down any minute , even though it wont . Buy the ones that dont have elastic !
 this cover is deceptively called a `` cotton slipcover . '' in fact , it is 65 % polyester , 35 % cotton . i will be returning it and keeping the organic cotton cover instead .
 This material was so thin that the pattern on the pillow showed through . It also had a waxy feel which may have been for waterproofing , but not what I wanted . I have a softer organic cotton cover that I greatly prefer . Would not buy again .
 I bought these and quickly returned them . Seems that a design team had all the looks in mind for this product but not functionality . These things leaked so bad that I wasted a lot of milk !! I tried re-tightening the lid and bottom . I used each bottle thinking just one was not working . Nope all the same . Messy , messy , messy and not worth it!Try the Soothie bottles . We love those !!
 I bought these bottles because they are an inexpensive BPA free option . However , I am very disappointed . There are 5 parts -LRB- 6 if you include the lid -RRB- to this bottle . If not put together just right , they leak ! The bottom of this bottle screws on . It has 2 parts . The liner must be put in the bottle just right and then screwed on tight . The nipple must be pulled all the way through -LRB- you 'd think that 'd be easy to tell , huh -RRB- . If either of these areas are n't put together right , WATCH OUT ! Oh , and be careful trying to tighten one end while holding the other . Nothing like a lap full of liquid!One other thing , this bottle takes longer to warm than other bottles whose bottoms are n't as bulky.I would not buy this bottle again . There are other alternatives that are much easier -LRB- and BPA free -RRB- for a busy Mom to use .
 I bought the MAM bottles because they were BPA free . I also bought them despite the reviews that said they could be difficult to assemble , had many parts , and could leak frequently . I thought , `` How hard could it be to assemble a bottle correctly ??? '' Apparently it takes more than a college degree to get them assembled correctly every time , and I am sick and tired of the surprise drenching we get from time to time . You put them together and hope against hope that this wo n't be the 2 a.m. feeding where you end up changing your half awake baby -LRB- turned wet , screaming , and totally alert baby -RRB- and yourself because some seal was n't completely lined up appropriately . I hate these bottles ! The 5 separate parts -LRB- 6 if you count the lid -RRB- do make more work for washing , and the individual parts are such large and awkward sizes that there 's no convenient way to arrange them in the dishwasher or to store later . Evenflo makes an inexpensive , cute , and BPA free bottle that is normal , functional , and does n't leak . MAM should n't have reinvented the wheel .
 i really really loved this for my son he LOOOOOOOOOVES to jump whether hes in a jumper or not he would go crazy in the jumperoo but i was very upset one day he was jumping away and i heard a loud snap and before i could even jump up the entire thing folded and collapsed with him in it he fell forward and really could have been hurt ... luckily he wasnt . im not quite sure why this happened but it totally turned me off from this toy
 As a pediatric physical therapist , I want to alert you that jumping gear has been shown to cause problems to developing hips and may cause kids to walk on their toes . If you choose to use one of these things , do not use it more than 10-15 mins . Many jumping devices have been banned in Europe for these reasons .
 This watch which I have had in the past with very few problems did not meet up to good standings this time as I could tell that the quality was poor and it had problems right off the bat . I would not recommend this watch .
 Tel-Time IV Talking Watch-English-UnisexI have bought many -LRB- at least 5 -RRB- of these watches for my Mother in Law . The watch is functional , easy to set with a dial , rather than a non-intuitive button sequence to set the time . The problem is with the durability of the rubber strap on the watch , which is where it always fails , right next to the lugs on the watch . This watch used to be $ 9.95 , which made it less painful to replace frequently . The most recent one lasted about 2 months!I am going to try a different one , with a slip on metal band , and see how that works . She is hard of hearing as well , and this watch was loud enough.So , my overall opinion is ... good AND bad !
 I ignored the negative reviews which was a mistake . The rounded edges/seams where your neck goes are extremely uncomfortable and have no give , so they feel rough and hard . The pillow case itself is such a poor quality thread count that it feels scratchy and cheap . the pillow material is also very cheap foam . Definitely not worth the money .
 I 'm 5 months pregnant and was looking for a body pillow that would help me sleep comfortably on my side as I 'm primarily a back sleeper . After trying three other pillows , I thought this would be better for me as it would provide support on both sides and keep me from rolling onto my back . Unfortunately , i tried out this pillow for two nights and it was the worse two nights of sleep ! Like many people have mentioned in other reviews , the seams are so tight that they cut into any part of your body that touches against it . I woke up both mornings with neck , shoulder and back pains which I really think was attributable to the uncomfortable tight seams . I really liked the concept of the pillow and how it enveloped your entire body . It did do the job in keeping me sleeping on my side but I just wish it was softer and more comfortable .
 This is the most awful , pregnant unfriendly pillow . DO NOT buy it . It is too thick and too firm . When I 'm on my side , I can hardly get my arm around the pillow because of the thickness and then the firmness prevents you from squeezing it enough so your arm fits around it . The way it is designed , my head does not lay at the correct angle and it 's uncomfortable . I 've tested it out for three days and have not slept very much at all ... it 's been more of a nap than sleep . I slept better with just a regular pillow . Every day I wake up in so much pain -- pain in my neck , arms and hips . I have to toss and turn to get comfortable . Then the thing is so big you can not roll over it . Umm ... I 'm pregnant and I have to be able to roll out of bed , but it 's quite difficult with this large pillow in the way . I would recommend that you look at these at the store where you can touch it and see the thickness before buying . And then make sure you buy another brand because even if this one seems nice and acceptable ... it is not ! Also , it only comes with a white cover ... they do not make any other colors for this model . And it is very difficult to remove . And you can not return it unless it is unopened . Great ! keep that in mind .
 I 'm not going to get into alot of detail here.The description of the pillow is wrong ! It is stiff and hard as a rock ! no way you can get it in the position it shows of the woman using it to read in bed . I used it for two nights and woke up each morning hurting . I went and bought a regular body pillow for $ 15 and it works perfectly !! . Please do n't spend your money on this $ 70 pillow because its not worth $ 5 much less $ 70 .
 I bought this pillow in hopes of getting a better nights sleep in my pregnancy . I counted down the minutes until it arrived , then couldnt wait for bedtime so I could test it out . I instantly felt dissapointment when I took it out of the packaging and felt the material . You would expect such an expensive pillow to have good fabric , like cotton t shirt material or soft sheets . This material is scratchy , rough , and firm . I can imagine that after washing it the material would ball up and be even worse feeling . I decided to give it the benefit of doubt and give it a try with an open mind . I got all set up for bed and prayed for a good nights sleep . I couldn t even last an hour . The material made me constantly itch , and the pillow itself is so firm that I had a hard time getting comfortable . And to make it even worse , its dense . Dense means its going to hold in heat which is what pregnant women do not want . We sweat enough as it is.The only positive that I can see is that the overall design is a good concept . With a better pillowcase , and softer filling for the actual pillow , this could be a winner . But as it sits , I am going to return it and shop for something better .
 When I ordered this product I thought it was shaped like a horse shoe . I am real pleased with the other products and I will order form you again . Happy New Year
 I have had this pillow for a couple weeks now and I do like it BUT ... the area around the neck is sewn so tight that it cuts into my neck and shoulders that it actually bothers me all the next day . Besides that i do like it . I will probably try to call to see if i can return it . If not then i will just try to take the slip cover off and deal . Disappointed for $ 65 . : -LRB-
 I am 9 weeks pregnant with twins and recieved this pillow about 2 weeks ago . I am nearly 6 feet tall , so the pillow is a little short for where it should hit on the knees . I also feel like it is lacking a bit in the cushioning especially for the back and I find I have a hard time keeping the pillow from falling of the edge of the bed as I move at night . I have found that if I use a pillow along my back and another body pillow on the front and a pillow under my head it is very comfortable . I also am not a huge fan of the pillow cover , it is a little rough and hard to get on .
 First , I do n't generally write reviews but I 'm an avid review reader when making most , if not all , purchases . After using this product for a while I 've come to the realization that I could definitely live with out it!Pros
 I am a 5 ' -10 &#34; woman of average weight - bought this during pregnancy because I had read/heard so much about how you had to get a snoogle . Ladies , save your pennies and just buy a good quality memory foam topper for your mattress . I got this thing and it made me more uncomfortable . Then , and I do n't even know how we came to this except sleeping on my side was hurting , we got a Serta memory foam topper and all my pains went away . Never used this snoogle or any snoogle - just used the memory foam and we 're still using it .
 I have never written a review for a product before , but this pillow is such a waste of money that I had to let others know . I was having trouble sleeping on my side -LRB- as recommended in pregnancy -RRB- , so I ordered this pillow . It is the most uncomfortable and bulky pillow imaginable . The size is insane to try to sleep with -LRB- never mind getting out of bed with it there -RRB- . The velcro that puts the two pillows together rubbed my skin all night . After sleeping with this pillow for 2 nights , my back ached miserably and I am so overtired . I tried to make it work because I spent 72 dollars on it -LRB- after 2 day shipping -RRB- , but I threw it out of bed last night at 3:00 AM after waking up with an aching back and a velcro scratch from this `` pillow . '' HORRIBLE !
 the pillows are really big , i have a cal king bed and the pillows took up more than half of the bed , leaving my poor husband squished off to the side and practically falling off the bed . the fabric on the pillow covers had already started to pill before I had even used it . was not impressed and returned the pillow .
 This is an extermely bad product.The bathtub opened up a leak after a couple of weeks of use in the place where the duck is conneted to the tub.Basically , if you get it , you can not allow your child to play with the duck . My 8-mo old son liked squeezing the duck when I was giving him a bath . Now the duck is peeling . Total waste of money .
 Ca n't rate this product based on its durability since did n't use it much . However , I did n't like the smell of the plastic its made of . After a week outdoors and a good soap wash , it still smells strong . Did anyone had the same experience ? Or it 's just me ...
 As with most locks , it is hard to get the pieces lined up just right when installing them . The worst thing about this product is that the catch that is supposed to prevent your child from opening the cabinet a crack and then reslamming his/her fingers in there does n't work . The catch almost never catches . In fact the only time it catches is when an adult forgets about the cabinet lock and tries to open the cabinet with an adult 's normal force . Then it catches . And it is difficult to unhitch . I could go on about the other design defects about this product , but I do n't want to waste my time . I recommend buying one of the cabinet locks with a little joint and spring in there .
 The ` no pinched fingers ' design causes doors and drawers to be stuck in an open position wide enough for my 13 month old son to reach inside and pull stuff out , which was what I wanted to avoid in the first place ! Also , the clip which attaches to the cupboard frame is brittle -- he has broken several by throwing his weight on the drawer -LRB- he does n't quite weigh 20 lbs yet -RRB- . Having to constantly disengage these hooks to return doors and drawers to the closed position has become an aggrevation . The only thing I do like about this product is that the hooks are removable .
 The product works well if you can get it installed . It 's uncomfortable enough to install this type of thing . Nothing is worse than when you finally get it aligned correctly and you start putting the screws in and the screw breaks . I had 6 screws break within the first 5 latches I installed . I had to stop what I was doing , drive to Home Depot and buy different screws . They are that bad . Do n't even start installing until you have replaced the screws .
 I do n't know if you have to super-mommy-senses to make heads or tails of this product , and I certainly do n't have any . I was fully confused with this installation . The instructions were very inadequate , only a few words and rudamentary pictures on the back of the small packaging - Not to mention that the most of the instructions were covered in a sales sticker , thus rendering them completely useless.I ended up with bits and peices that I simply could not figure out at all , and a very ` rigged ' installation.Boo . Hiss .
 The 1st one I bought only opened 1/2 the time . I returned it and got a replacement which never opened at all . A piece of SHT !!!
 Although this was a great concept , it is n't perfect.Ours broke after just 6 weeks of use . The lid no longer opens and closes . The gears inside stripped from my older child manually opening it once . We have had it more than 30 days , so we ca n't return it and who wants to return a stinky diaper pail?As another reviewer mentioned , the lid has to be taken off and screws undone to replace the 'D ' batteries . This battery cover is a little too close to where the diapers travel through , so it is a really gross process.Our pail will hold about a half of a week of diapers . They should be emptied more often than this anyway.The ball part inside that holds the diaper and then drops it in the trash can gets gross , no matter how hard you try to be careful and contain the mess.And the smell ! It does absolutely nothing for the smell no matter how many of their filters you buy . There is the constant smell leaking from it , but when you open the pail to put in a diaper you just want to go running from the room before the smell overwhelms you.I wish I had saved my money and just bought a trash can .
 You 'd think that a diaper pail with a power-driven lid would come with an electrical cord , right ? Wrong . This junker requires four D batteries that need to be replaced once or twice EACH WEEK.But wait ; there 's more ! Installing new batteries requires taking off the smelly lid and unscrewing THREE small Phillips-head screws that hold the unwieldy battery cover in place!You could n't come up with a stupider design if you tried .
 We recently purchased one of these and had to return it immediately . I wish we had read these reviews first ! The touch-free sensor did n't work at all -LRB- yes , the batteries were installed correctly -RRB- , so the lid would not open unless you manually lifted it . I agree with previous reviews that the battery compartment is of particularly poor design , the need to remove three screws to replace the batteries is a hassle . I 'm glad we did n't keep it long enough to realize how fast the batteries wear out . Avoid this product !
 This product does not work . We own an automatic-opening trash can that we use in our kitchen and that has worked fine for over a year . It 's too bad that this company could not get a similar technology to work . I ca n't imagine that this product has not been recalled or discontinued yet .
 This thing did not work at all . We double checked to make sure the batteries were in properly . Opened the lid by hand , and it would close on it 's own , but the sensor would not open the lid ever . Useless . Also , the off white / beige color is pretty ugly , in my opinion . We only got it because of the automatic lid . Later , we looked up reviews of this product on Amazon and saw many other people had the same problem . Wish we had done our research first . Hopefully Graco gets these reviews and takes it off the market .
 This diaper bag is made of cheap plastic . For the money I felt that it should have lasted more than THREE WEEKS . Two hooks snapped off . The main material of the bag ripped . I am not wasted any more time on this bag buy anything else !!!
 It 's a very nice looking bag -LRB- I bought the Blue Paisley print on sale , but have seen other prints in person which are just as nice -RRB- . The material is nice and it 's pretty , but there are MANY shortcomings which makes this bag totally not worth paying even half price for : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The flap is held shut only by a single magnet snap , which is located too far down on the bag . Basically you can never close the flap if you have the normal amount of things in it , and when the snap is undone , the flap lifts up , and looks and feels like the contents will all fall out . I had to manually sew on some velcro strips on the flap to solve this problem -LRB- which did work -RRB- but was a true pain in the *** . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The bag is too slim , i.e. the base is narrow , so the bag will not sit up by itself . This is normally not a problem since I can hang the bag on the back of chairs etc , but it gets really annoying when you are trying to change your child 's diaper in a bathroom for example . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The bag has many compartments , but most are just flat , non-elastic divisions . Because of this , the bag actually holds very little . Especially in the back of the bag -LRB- where your back touches -RRB- , there are two compartments just sitting open . This is really dumb , because if you put anything bulky in them -LRB- even a single diaper -RRB- , these pockets bulge out and you can see the contents of the pockets . Not only that , it makes the bag sort of float on your back , like an overstuffed burrito . So , basically you ca n't use those compartments for anything useful . -LRB- 4 -RRB- There is only one pocket -LRB- in the entire bag -RRB- that will hold cups/bottles upright , which is annoying if you have two kids , or if you want to carry two bottles/sippy cups.I used one of my older LE SPORT SAC bags as a diaper bag before purchasing this , which held SO MUCH stuff , was super light , and was completely machine-washable . But , with a second baby coming , I found that my fake diaper bag did n't have enough useful pockets , so I bought the Bumble Bag -LRB- because it was on sale for so cheap -RRB- hoping for a more organized space . Having used the Jessica bag for about 2 weeks now , I really wish I would have spent the extra cash -LRB- true , it would have been about 4 times the price -RRB- and purchased the LE SPORT SAC diaper bag instead ... . If you are thinking about purchasing any of these Bumble Bags at full price , do n't do it - look around some more .
 This diaper bag is made of cheap plastic . For the money I felt that it should have lasted more than THREE WEEKS . Two hooks snapped off . The main material of the bag ripped . I am not wasted any more time on this bag buy anything else !!!
 The grooming tools are OK ... Like any others you find at target , walmart , etc. ... but I wanted THIS specific grooming kit because of the cute case in the photo . I thought it would fit perfectly in my jujube diaper bag pocket . Long story short , it does not come with the shown case . It comes with a large , flat square clear case -LRB- nothing you would use for keeping the grooming tools ... just a throw away case -RRB- . I kept it because I needed to use it but would n't buy it again or for anyone else .
 We bought this set solely for the nail scissors , which are very useful . They are easy to use , and I never had to worry about cutting too deep , which was always a fear with the nail clippers . I wish that the scissors were sold separately because we have not used anything else in the packet .
 We purchased this to use with our Britax car seat.The straps -LRB- which appear poorly sewed -RRB- broke in the airport prior to even getting through securityWe ended up having then to carry it and the carseat because I thought we could get a refund I did n't let my annoyed husband throw it awayNo overuse - carseat is not even our heaviestwould n't suggest
 This THING is the worst quality merchandise I ever purchased ! It 's ripping everwhere after a single use . one of the buckles snapped right off rendering the THING useless .
 This was a huge disappointment . We have a Graco Nautilius toddler car seat and this product did not fit very well on it to begin with . We followed instructions very carefully , but the top strap kept sliding off no matter how snug we tried to make it . We were changing flights and the third time we attached the seat to this product , it broke ! The seams that hold the arm straps and the straps where the seat is held are very weak . One of them completely fell apart , and this was a totally different strap from the one we kept readjusting , just in case you might think those events are related.Overall , I regret ever buying this product and consider it a total waste of money .
 The idea of towing the car seat in your back rather than in your arms makes this product very attractive . So , we got it for our Evenflo Triumph a couple of weeks ago . On the good side , it has waist straps and a lumbar pad , so you 're not towing the whole awkward weight of the seat in your shoulders . However , the materials and construction are not the best . The first thing we noticed is that the straps that go around your shoulders and waist do not adjust easily , they are made of a coarse material that does not slide through the buckles , so you better take your time to adjust them before leaving home.Durability is a serious concern . Both straps were ripped by the end of the trip . The first one broke when we were leaving the first flight , the second one by the end of the first return flight.In my opinion this `` pac back '' is not worth the trouble . Maybe with better construction ... but I 'm returning mine and getting a luggage cart for our next trip .
 This is a fabulous product and seems well made . It however does not work on ALL CAR SEATS . It does not work on the Maxi Cosi car seats .
 We 've used this product once and it 's already falling apart and ripping at the seams . My husband said it worked great for the first leg of the trip but by the time he got to his layover , it was no longer useful . We have the Britax Marathon car seat which weighs 17lbs and not the 45lb stated . The idea is fantastic and well worth it ... if it works . If my mother-in-law can not repair it before they return , I plan on seeking a refund .
 First day I used this product it was great . Then I used it on my return trip home and the shoulder straps began to tear . Great for one use only ! Hoping amazon will give me my money back .
 A good idea for carrying car sets in airport . The concept is good and they worked well before falling apart . After 1 use -LRB- short flight with no connections -RRB- the 2 we bought were both falling apart . One had straps pulling out of the body after the frst use , the other had a broken buckle and the shoulder straps were falling apart.Product is very cheaply made and uses inferior components to save $ $ $ . Could be made for about $ 10 more wither better stitching and buckles to prevent failure after early use.For a single time use this is a good way to carry seats - I would not recommend if you plan on using them more than once .
 The idea of tugging my daughter 's car seat through an airport , especially with one stop along the way , led me to buy the Pac Back . I was truly excited about the product and on our trip out , had decided that it was well worth the money . However , at the beginning of our trip back , when I initially strapped the car seat back in , one of the waist straps wripped from the seam . I was able to fix the problem temporarily so that it still served its purpose . However , toward the end of our trip , the nylon shoulder straps literally ripped apart at the seams , and another waist strap ripped out making it unusable -- and this was from just picking it up to put it on my back -LRB- it 's a very average-sized car seat . -RRB- Not only did we have to tote around the car seat , but we now had to carry with us the ripped pac back too.I returned the item to Amazon without any problems , but was truly diappointed with the product . I probably would have tried to return it for a new one but my husband insisted on the refund . The concept really is a great one and hopefully I just received a defective product .
 Very poor quality bag this is . The seams are not well finished , with threads hanging off . The strap is shaped in a weird way andcan not be adjusted . The zipper comes apart totally and is a huge pain to do up . I gave it as a shower gift and my friend returned it to me saying I should return the bag as it such a poorly made design ! Is it returnable ?
 You should only use car seat covers that are made or approved the the manufacturer ! After-market products may void your warranty and release the car seat manufacturer of any liability .
 I purchased several Nuby sippy cups a few weeks ago for my kids . I was very pleased at the different styles , that there were no cartoon characters on the sides and the price - as well as the fact they are made out of the BPA free material . However , after just two uses , the straw cup straw ripped open along the seam . I was very disappointed that the product did n't hold up even for a few uses ! However , the sippy cups I also purchased are my major concern . The sippy portions of these cups are missing pieces of plastic - where they form the nipple portion of the sippy non-leak . My daughter does chew - however , she 's used Gerber and Playtex sippy cups for years now with no problems and I switched due to the new findings of BPA . However , I am very disappointed and concerned that after so few uses , she may have swallowed pieces of plastic because the product did not hold up . I will search elsewhere for BPA free cups that hold up .
 I bought this as a no handle alternative to the Nuby grip n sip , but have now thrown the all away . Lid is hard to get on properly , hard to get off , and leaks from the lid now matter how I put it on . Not recommended .
 I love Nuby bottles - they are excellent - but this straw based sippy cup is aweful . The straw is soft but the hole is too small for liquid to flow adequately . As an adult , even I had to use way too much suction force to get any liquid through the straw ... do not buy ...
 When I first bought these I loved them so I bought 2 more . They were great - no leaks . I have only hand washed them . All of a sudden the tops started to leak to the point that when tipped over the drink runs out of them . I tried to contact the company but no contact info is available on the website . When I tried to return to Babies R Us they would not take them back b/c I did not have the original packaging , eventhough I did have my receipt.I have also talked with several of my friends and we have all had the same problem after about a month of use .
 I was so excited to give this to my twin girls , but after only FIVE minutes , it was tipped off of the highchair , landed on the tile floor , and literally shattered a gaping hole in the bottom of the cup . I wish I had anything to add about assembly or cleaning , etc. , but I did n't get a chance to get that far after the initial washing . Very disappointed .
 I bought 6 of these cups at our local box store and had to exchange two of them right away . I now wish I had just returned all of them . Most of them leak constantly and the other ones are difficult for my child to get the liquid out of . I have only had them for a little over a week and am looking for all my receipts so I can return all of them . Do n't waste your money !
 Once you have this cup assembled , it works just fine , but getting it put together is a royal pain . It 's bad enough you have to keep track of 3 straw parts , but to then be forced to use the tips of your fingers to forcefully pull the top of the straw through the opening at the top BELOW the flip top is really asking too much . What were they thinking ? The other reviewer who mentions possibly having to use pliers to get the straw through the top is not exaggerating . You 've really got to pinch your fingers in this small opening to get the piece through or use some kind of small appliance . Another annoying design element that makes assembly a nuisance is the little round piece of plastic on the top straw component that you must squeeze through the opening underneath the top in order for the straw to work properly.As others mention , the liquid does often squirt out of the top for some reason when you open the flip top . It must be because of the odd design at the top that allows liquid to collect around the small plastic pieces inside the top part of the straw -LRB- i.e. , it 's not like a regular straw that is completely hollow inside -RRB- . On the bright side , once closed on top , this cup does not leak when turned upside down . Also , it seems like it 's easier for the child to get liquid through this straw than the Munchkin version . Still , I prefer a cup that is totally BPA free and easier to assemble.The Munchkin Mighty Grip Flip Straw Cup has a much better design -LRB- only 2 straw parts and easy to assemble -RRB- , and that is the one we use most often . It does leak when closed and flipped upside down , but my son -LRB- 17 mo -RRB- does n't usually flip these types of cups , and the MMG cup does n't leak simply from hanging out in a diaper bag .
 I have been using Nuby straw sippy cups for well over a year . My daughter just never grasped the concept of tilting her head back to drink , so I thought these cups were a life-saver . And they truly were ... at first.I tried the smaller cups with the handles first and then we moved up to these 12 oz . cups . I had problems with ALL of them . Every_single_cup has been a nightmare . I 'm stuck , though , because my daughter refuses to use a tilt-back sippy cup.These cups leak . Period . I have dishwashed these cups , tried to fiddle with the assembly , screwed them on tightly and screwed them on just tightly enough . NOTHING HELPS . Liquid comes up the straw and then just starts overflowing out of the top of the straw and pooling below . I ca n't tell you how many times my daughter has been soaked by this and how many times we 've had to wipe liquid off of surfaces . It 's so frustrating!Milk -LRB- liquid -RRB- does spray from the straw but compared to the leaking it does n't bother me.I contacted Nuby a few months ago -LRB- I guess the summer of ' 08 -RRB- after buying a brand new cup and having it leak all over the place during the first use . They were EXTREMELY condescending and rude . They wanted me to send them the cup ... it was as though they could n't believe that their cups were terrible ! I refused to ship a $ 4.00 cup in the hopes that they would deem it defective and issue another cup that would inevitably leak . It went in the trash instead.I 've tried the Munchkin flip top straw sippy cups and have had better luck . Give those a try before you waste your money on these . I wish I 'd known a year ago how terrible these were .
 If the sliding lid were slightly shorter , then you could easily thread the straw in place behind the crossguard . But as is , the sliding lid prevents the straw from pushing up into place , so you have to use your finger -LRB- or a tool like pliers if your hands are too big -RRB- to pull the mouthpiece between the sliding lid and the crossguard . This becomes tedious the very first time you wash the cups , and it really never gets easier . And what parent wants another frustration in their day , especially when the little one is begging for their drink?Also , everyone else who complained about the `` spray effect '' when the lid is opened is spot on . These cups are a PAIN .
 This item is not bpa free as described . The straw contains BPA . Also , this is a horrible product because you can not clean the straw . It is closed off at one end with only tiny holes and the other end is folded into the lid . If you take the lid apart , you can not put it back together . Had to throw ours away after a couple of uses -LRB- we purchased this before we knew it had BPA -RRB-
 Have had one of these for a long time . Notice I said one because we wo n't buy another . This thing has a few major flaws . First and foremost , it is a pain in -RSB- ... -LSB- to clean . It has so many parts too clean and keep track of
 This cup 's straw assembly includes a BPA part , so it would n't be legal in Canada . I have no idea why it 's in Amazon 's BPA-free store.Also , I bought one of these for my son before I knew Nuby 's abysmal BPA record and campaign of misinformation to consumers . I noticed that my son always chewed the straw -LRB- the silicone part , not the BPA part which is inside -RRB- . One day I took a drink of his juice and it turns out you have to bite the straw to get liquid out.Also , when the child has taken a drink and snapped the lid closed , the straw , upon reopening , will shoot a notable amount of beverage toward and above the opener.I threw ours out .
 I expected more from this brand of cup . They leak , badly . My son has been drinking from it and the cups have leaked on his shirt . They are awful especially if your little one happens to leave his cup on the floor some where . Puddles and sticky spots every where .
 I just bought this cup and gave it to my daughter this morning - with milk in it . Should have tried just water first . The cup was tipped over on the carpet and was laying in a huge puddle of milk ! I took it into the kitchen , held it over the sink , and milk poured out of the straw . I took the cup apart and put all the pieces back together with the same result . It was literally like pouring milk out of a straw . Do n't waste your money .
 imy daughter throw this after sucking so hard and still no water coming out . i tried it too and i was so dissapointed !!! really a waste of money !!!
 Complete waste of money , this sippy cup does nothing BUT leak . From the top , from the sides . Basically everywhere . I 've tried probably a dozen different cups and this one is the absolute worst , I finally just threw it away . If I could give it zero stars , I would .
 my son loves these cups , but they are difficult to clean , they get moldy fast and he easily chews the rubber straw off . I had to purchase 10 on here because he destroys them so quickly . Also , he has smashed a could just throwing them and the actual bottle breaking . But because he loves them so much I have to keep buying lol .
 Love the features of this cup
 I had certain expectations when I purchased this sipper for my baby . I liked the idea that there is a mechanism to open & close where the straw could be tucked in , whereby the straw can be kept relatively clean . Unfortunately , when the mechanism is flipped open for use , it splashed whatever liquid content that remained in the straw all over my baby 's face ! The head portion of this sipper is too heavy , so when there is only a third liquid content left in the bottle , it would not stand upright . The worst complaint I have about this sipper & I am sure is important to all parents , is the difficulty of cleaning it . There are just too many nooks & crannies for a brush to reach . I would have to concur with one of the other reviewer , in saying that something is wrong with the release mechanism of the straw . My daughter tried w / all her might to suck the milk out of the bottle , but got very frustrated when there was little results . I tossed out the bottle after giving it a good try for a few weeks . Not worth the money .
 The heavy top and small rounded bottom makes this cup unstable and easy to tip over or be knocked on the floor unless the cup is full . I will use another cup .
 In the effort to show our 23 month old daughter how to use a straw we figured this sippy cup would be great . We purchased it yesterday and she absolutely loved it ! She enjoyed using the flip top for the straw and thoroughly enjoyed using it ... until ... she dropped it by accident and the bottom shattered into a gaping hole . We had the cup less than 24 hours and it was completely destroyed . THESE CUPS ARE NOT DURABLE AT ALL !!!
 My 13 month old loves drinking from cups with straws so I thought these looked perfect . They were actually the opposite . She could n't get any milk out of the cup , and when I tried myself it was ridiculously difficult to use . It also leaked and shot milk up every time we opened the top . I returned them and will stick with a cup with a simple straw .
 I bought these for my 1.5 year old daughter , and she screamed every time I gave them to her . I tried to drink out of them and it was way too hard ... Ridiculous design , probably really bad for kids ' teeth . I threw them out .
 i hate it , it leaks , separate to 5 parts to wash , and diffcult to put it back together , will not recommend this to any friends .
 Very Poor Quality for a `` Nuby '' product . I expected better . See pictures above . I am very disgusted with this product .
 The straw on this is great and the straw doesnt spill easily.The lid is what has ruined this cup for us.Everyone on here has been saying you have to assemble right or put the top on right buut no matter how many times I put the top on , it always leakes.If it falls over or is tipped to far to the side it starts leaking.I gave up on these and went back to Playtex which are leak proof and you can use any top for any cup -LRB- straw , sippy , bottle type will all switch with eachother -RRB- .
 This is not a good cup because although it will not `` leak '' , everytime you close and open the spout it flicks about 6-10 drops of drink everywhere ! And as toddlers love to play , they open it all the time to play . I used it once on an outing and after getting milk on me , my leather car seats , and my son , we are throwing it away !
 this cup is next to impossible to put together after you take it apart . i returned mine to the store .
 So , I started my infant on these around 9 months old . They work great if your child does n't understand that they need to tip the cup up to drink from it . -LRB- My son is now almost 12 months and still is n't great at this -RRB- So I thought , perfect , he can drink from any angle . Well , I only use these with water because he is constantly flicking the straw which holds a small amount of liquid in the top -LRB- it does n't flow back down the valve -RRB- . So after having formula flying everywhere ... the stroller , car , kitchen wall , my face , etc. . . I got fed up with it . He only gets water because it wo n't cause a stain when he plays with the straw or sets it down too hard . Any other type of liquid , and he gets a normal sippie cup and we are working on teaching him to tip it up so he does n't just suck air . Not sure I would have tried these had I researched them before buying a few at the local store .
 First let me say that my son LOVED these cups . He would never take a traditional sippy cup and these were his favorite . They were n't the easiest to clean and put together , but I tolerated it because my son loved them so much . We recently had to part with them because they do contain BPA . Although none of the components that `` touch the liquid '' come in contact with the BPA parts -LRB- straw flip-cover -RRB- , my son would sometimes chew/suck on the knob of the flip cover if he was n't looking when he put it to his mouth . According to Nuby 's website , all of these particular staw cups manufactured after 4/18/08 are 100 % BPA free . If I can be guaranteed those are the ones I was purchasing , I would consider it - if not , we 've moved on to the Playtex Baby Einstein Sip & Discover Straw Cup - which depsite some reviews , are 100 % BPA free.Playtex Baby Einstein 9oz . Insulated Straw Cup
 I bought these to have a sport type cup for my daughter that held more especially for trips . She is already used to straws . I did n't realize how many no leak valves the straw had , there is one too many . A child has to bite on the straw in order to sip . She got frustrated , and would n't use it . I ended up cutting out the valve inside the straw so she would use it . If you want a straw sippie I like the Gerber Cool Twisties much better . Very easy to take apart and put back together , the straw pieces wo n't fall out of the silverware basket.Cool Twisties Cup - 9 oz - OuterspaceFriends have had good luck with the Munchkin cup too.Munchkin Go Diego Go Insulated Spill Proof Straw Cups 3/Pk - Boys
 PRO
 My 16 mo old son loves these cups . yes , they leak when there is a temp change , but we have made do . They are the only cups he drinks large volumes from . HOWEVER , I just discovered that the `` seal '' in the top part of the straw is falling off in tiny pieces ... the part at the very top of the straw w / the slits . 1/2 of this top seal is actually missing on one of our cups - I am certain my son ingested them . I then checked the other cup , and this part is broken on 1 side of the straw - I expect that these will fall off as well with continued use . I 'm not sure how this has n't been a big problem ... we have only had these cups for 7 mos .
 Seems my 20 mo old toddler has found a way for this one to leak fairly easily . He just turns it upside down and shakes or bangs on the table . It is fine for most applications though . We took this one on our last flight and water started coming , squirting out under cabin pressure , so not good for flying .
 This cup leaks like crazy , my baby 's clothes are always wet when drinking from this cup , it looks fancy but do n't be fooled . FYI he 's 14 months and knows how to drink from a sippy or straw sippy cup . We have a different one we bought from target , no problem with leak whatsoever . And like some one else said , to wash it is another pain ...
 We have an old Playtex straw sippy that I like , never had an issue with it , but it 's getting old and worn . I went to buy another recently , and all I could find was this Nuby one . I really do n't care for it -- the straw has to be bitten to get anything out of it -LRB- try explaining that to a 1-year-old who 's used to the regular sucking kind , ugh -RRB- , and every time I open it to refill it water comes dripping out from some unknown place , almost like it 's getting trapped somewhere and overflowing . Adding insult to injury , the straw is too short , so I imagine if we ever put milk in there , we 'd be wasting a lot . I did n't realize it was a Nuby cup or I would n't have bought it -- I highly dislike their regular soft-tipped sippies , too . I gave it a week , now it 's getting tossed .
 These work fairly well as a straw cup and we used them for about a year with our daughter . But they leak/spray almost every time you open them and they frequently EXPLODE as the liquid inside gets slightly warmer . The pressure builds inside the cups and after only a minute or two out of the refrigerator they start spitting milk/liquid everywhere . They are very messy and the straw is made of 3 separate pieces so they are hard to keep clean and easy to lose parts .
 I was rapt to see these online because they looked identical to one I had already . However , these straws seem to need my 1 year old to compress -LRB- i.e. bite -RRB- to get the liquid out . Most annoying . Wish I 'd noticed before opening the 3 I bought and throwing the packaging .
 The straw is actually in three pieces and the smallest part always gets misplaced . It took me quite a while to get the clear flexible straw into the lid the first time and a couple of months later it 's still a pain . As others have said , it sprays all over the place when you flip it open . I learned the hard way when milk was sprayed all over the back seat of my car . Now I just use the cup for water .
 I really loved the smaller version of this product for my daughter , so I automatically thought the larger one would be just as great . Turns out that it 's pretty much the same top from the smaller one with a small insert to make up the difference in height . Unfortunately I lost that insert the first time I washed it and now the cup is almost useless . It would have been better if they just made it one longer piece.I also found the straw very difficult to pull through the top as the slide closure did n't seem to go as far back as it should.Since my 20-mth old really liked the smaller one , I really am disappointed that she ca n't use the bigger one .
 I wish I 'd read some reviews on this sippy before I bought it , but as I picked it up at Walmart for $ 2 I was n't really thinking too hard about it . It was cute and I 'd seen a lot of toddlers with these cups at playgroups.The straw is hard to thread back through after cleaning , and the last thing you want when your toddler has decided she 's thirsty is to faff around with a fiddly straw.The biggest drawback is the spray factor . Liquid pools in the top portion of the straw , you close it and then when you open it - SPRAY ! Milk flies through the air . It 's a very messy cup . I wish I had n't wasted the $ 2 and just gotten her anotherMunchkin Mighty Grip Flip Straw Cup , Colors May Vary , 10 Ouncethat I know does n't spray everywhere .
 I 've had two of these cups . I really liked the cup when I first tried it and bought a second one . My son was able to drink from it easily and it did n't leak -LRB- at first -RRB- . After having it a couple of months , I hate it . I 've lost one of the straw parts and a new straw costs nearly as much as a new cup . The top piece of the straw is very difficult to assemble correctly . It 's very difficult to get water out unless you bite the straw , but then it 's not durable enough to withstand repeated biting . Now there is a hole in the straw and it leaks . I ca n't get the straw to fit in quite right , and it leaks . These all seem to be design flaw issues . At least with the munchkin straw sipper , if you need a new straw they are cheap and readily available . I would not recommend this cup .
 I bought this cup because of its promises to not leak and for the straw feature , however after a few uses by my little one this thing was leaking all over the floor . It was leaking from the lid area and from the straw - really made a mess of my floors , furniture and car !
 I got these cups thinking they 'd be great since they looked perfect for my little one . He likes the straw part and is easy enough for him to open and close the top . However , the cups leak -LRB- even when closed -RRB- . I 've used other cups that do n't leak and from what I 've read I 'm not the only one with leaky cups . Get Nubby or Munchkin for they are by far better products .
 The liquid just pours right out . If you 're looking for a cup w / a straw , the Playtex Insulator Sports cups work really well .
 I honestly ca n't believe the back of the package says this product is not dishwasher safe . Why not?Now that I have a dishwasher I do not intend to wash anything by hand that fits in that dishwasher . guess we 'll take our chances.Also I 'm not happy that after taking the straw assembly apart it will not go completely back in whic I know now from reading reviews means it 'll leak . I 'm going back to the platex version ... which only leaks when my kids turn it upside down ... or it 's upside down in the diaper bag . I 'll just deal that .
 My three-year-old and 18-month-old were both excited to try these cups when I brought them home , but now the baby gets angry when she sees it coming , and the toddler is also frustrated . The straw has a valve that closes off completely if the straw is not held slightly closed with the teeth . Both children were sucking like crazy and not able to get anything out . Even I was n't able to before I took it apart to figure out what the problem was . I tried showing the baby and explaining to the toddler how it works , but they were n't able to understand.What a waste of money .
 very hard to assemble after cleaning , unless you want to clean it assembled which is not a good idea .
 I like the Nuby sport sippers without the straw , but the straw version is terrible . It is hard to put together , leaks badly , and I would not recommend it to anyone . I have the playtex quickstraw cups , and they are 100 % better . If you are looking for a durable straw trainer that does n't leak and is even insulated , go that route . You can also buy replacement lids for most of your playtex spout sippies to convert them to the straw kind . Do n't even bother with these , the Nuby 3 step bottles are okay but the straw ones are very disappointing .
 It 'd be one thing if this product leaked a little here and there . NO ! Every nuby product I 've purchased or was given to me as a gift - including this one - leaked ALL the contents anytime it was on it 's side.It soaked my carpets and spilled all over our tile.I would n't recommend ANY nuby product to anyone .
 I bought these thinking how great , we can have a straw cup that actually has replacement parts available . Well , even though they have parts , they are n't worth the trouble.I 've never had a cup leak so bad . I screwed around with the valve and top for 10 minutes to get it in correctly . Who has time for that ? not me !!! I tried and tried to get them to work , but no luck and my husband sure wo n't have patience for that . These cups went straight in the trash.A whole cup of juice leaked on the furniture and stained it.I 'll be buying straw cups that I know do n't leak , even though they dont ' have replacement parts . It 's worth the money and time to just replace .
 If you cherish your child 's smile , do NOT buy this product . The hard knob that lowers the straw knocked out my son 's tooth . He was walking across the living room , sippy cup in mouth , and tripped over his shoes . The knob of the sippy cup completely knocked out his tooth , root and crown and all . Think about how clumsy toddlers are . This is NOT a safe product for tots and definitely needs to be recalled . I do not even want to give it one star - it 's horrible .
 I have 3 of these cups and they all leak . The lastest one I just bought leaks all of the liquid out within seconds of it being on it 's side . It would be less messy if I just gave my daughter a regular cup . Total waste of money ! A real disappointment since my daughter really loves these cups .
 BEWARE BUYERS , THIS THING LEAKS ALL THE TIME !!! all of the nuby products I bought leaks all of it content whenever it 's on its side , so that means , leaks when it tips over in the diaper bag , and when the baby drinks the bottle.Such a waste of money !
 We had the smaller , two handle version of this cup so I picked up these thinking they would be great . These leak like no ones business ! My kids can toss the two handle ones all over and besides the little spray from the straw sometimes , they do n't leak . These left a good 8 '' puddle on the floor after less than 5 minutes . I much prefer the Playtex Click n Lock straw cups .
 It 's a product that kids like , but you have to compress and suck the straw , and kids bite it . You ca n't just suck on it -- and a little kid is going to compress with their teeth . The package tells you to advise your child not to bite it , but what the heck ? Once they are old enough to understand to compress without biting they 'd be able to use an adult cup or take the cap on and off a water bottle . The inside part of the silicone straw , part of the valve I guess , cracks immediately . But you 're not supposed to let the child use it once it 's cracked . Also , the whole cup is 2.99 at Target , but to get a replacement silicone straw you have to order from the company for 2.59 -LRB- probably have to pay additional shipping -RRB- . I think it would be okay if you could buy a ten pack of replacement silicone straws for cheap , but as it is this product is n't worth it . Also , the straw apparatus is 3 parts to assemble & disassemble . 2 parts would be a better -LRB- easier -RRB- design ; there is really no need to make it 3 . It 's hard to thread the silicone straw through the lid . Because of all the parts it 's a bit of a pain to wash but I only ever had water in it -- if you were to use milk or juice it would probably be harder to wash . It leaks a bit , not too bad . Sometimes when I would assemble the 3 straws into the lid and screw it on the cup it would be almost impossible to suck the liquid out and I would reassemble and it would be okay . That was only a problem when it was new -LRB- maybe the first week of daily use -RRB- , but then within a day or two there are cracks in the inside part of the silicone straw and when I took a second look at the packaging I realized it said they are n't safe once there 's any damage to the straw . It 's annoying . I got this product because it says it 's BPA free . I found a better replacement at Target and Meijer , I think they 're called Take and Toss -- a set of 4 cups with straw and lid . Those are BPA , phthalate and PVC-free . They work great and are much easier to assemble and clean although they would leak if turned over -LRB- no valve -RRB- . They were cheaper for the 4 cup set than 1 of the Nuby and like the Nuby they are top rack dishwasher safe .
 Very disappointed with this sling ! I purchased this product with the expectation of being able to carry my newborn close to me , while having the freedom to be hands-free . Although I purchased the appropriate size , the product was way too large for my son who is now 1 month old -LRB- I tried the sling on my baby at 2 weeks and 3 weeks old as well -RRB- ! After watching the video and following the picture instructions for the one shoulder newborn position , the sling just did not support my baby 's head at all . AND , the positioning of the sling on my body , even after several attempts to shift the sling to a comfortable location , never worked . In the end , my baby 's body in the sling was always crooked and contorted , which caused discomfort and led to crying . In addition , the depth measurement of the sling caused the side panels to fold in at the top making it so that I could barely see my baby in the sling . I would definitely not recommend this product for individuals that have newborns or smaller-sized infants/toddlers . The Hot Slings company should consider making some adjustments to the sling desing . For me , the product was not worth it 's expensive price tag !
 I bought 2 of these locks and they worked well for about a month . I think they were a deterrent and my 18 month old daughter thought she could no longer open the door so she did n't try . We did n't want to put holes in our doors so we used the adhesive mount . Well , my daughter has now realized that if she just pulls hard enough on the handle , the lock rips off the door and she can open it . The adhesive is not strong enough to withstand a determined toddler 's tugs .
 We bought these locks for our front and back doors . We have Schlage lever handles -LRB- like you get at Lowe 's or Home Depot -RRB- and these did not fit the handles at all . Make sure you see what kind of handle you have prior to buying these .
 We ordered this lever childproof lock in anticipation of switching our 22 month old to a toddler bed . We installed it and the handle piece that clips over the compartment that covers the lever did not stay on well . Our 22 month old was able to open the door with no trouble at all . I would not recommend this product .
 This lock did not fit on our front or back door levers . It only fit on the smaller levers we have on some of the bedroom doors . It worked well for the bedroom door , but we really need something that will fit on a slightly larger lever for a main door . At this point we are going to buy hook and eye locks until we can find something better .
 I bought 4 of this for my 2 1/2 year old boy and he found out the way to open in less than two days , I wasted my money . I wont reccomend this product .
 these are not very good ... we bought two and only used one as the product was cheaply made and did not work all that great
 Ordered this to try to keep my two year old from getting outside on the street side of our house . She figured out how to open it in about 2 minutes . Very chintzy and not worth the 10 dollars .
 we purchased this to prevent our 2 year old from opening our front door . they are bulky , cheaply made , and they do n't fit right on the door handle . my daughter had it figured out the day after we installed it . i would NOT recommend this product !
 I bought this thinking that you do not have to screw anything or stick anything onto your doors . I was wrong . Who wants to put screw holes into their doors ? And , who would want to risk puting up adhesive and then tearing it off when you are finished with it ? If you do n't care about these things , then this is probably a great lock . But , I care about the appearance of my doors that will be seen long after I do n't need these locks anymore ! - My quest continues for a lever lock ... !
 Our 23 month old figured out how to use this latch in under two months . He basically lifted the top tab and while leaning on the handle , `` presto '' got the door open and was very pleased with his discovery.In order to secure the top tab , you must apply an adhesive that comes with the lock and screw holes are optional for additional security . We opted to secure the top tab with the screws to be extra safe.After only 6 weeks use , we were left with messy adhesive and two holes in our door . I would not recommend this product .
 It took our 3 yr old all of 5 minutes to figure out all she had to do was hang on the door knob until the child lock let loose .
 Wow , what a bad product . The adhesive is flimsy , so I attached it with screws to my door . Now I have screw holes in the door and a child lock that my 2 year old opened simply by hanging on it . When you hang on it , it pops the top off and the door opens as normal . Absolutely ridiculous .
 My 22 month old son was able to figure this product out in about one day . Essentially , this security device is just too easy to open . I waisted my money on this one . I had to end up putting a chain lock on the door .
 Beware , this lever door lock is not for all door types with levers . If you have a multi-point locking door which requires that the lever be pulled up to shoot the multi-point deadbolts , then this lever door lock will not work for you . This door lock works to prevent the lever from being pulled down in the traditional fashion in which levers open doors , however , it can not be used if the lever also must be pulled up to engage multi-point bolts . This product did not work on our French doors which are impact resistant and have multi-point locks .
 My 3 year old took all of about 2 minutes to figure these locks out . They worked OK for the 18 month old . We are now replacing our doorknobs with round ones , since the round knob covers work much better for our family .
 Ordered these a few months back . Now my LO is 6 months old and am in the process of baby proofing . My husband and I both spent way too long trying to open the thing just to install it with no success . It is definitely not easy to install ! I would like to return them and now am only looking at getting a partial refund . Very disappointed !
 Around an hour after installing this product I put my 17 month old to the test and it took him less than a minute to open the door . This was using the adhesive that comes with it . I 'm sure that if the screws were used it would be fine until the toddler is old enough to figure out the switch . The screws would visibly damage the door , so I am more happy with the catching latch I bought which installs with a alan wrench and does n't damage it .
 I really wanted this product to work but it would not fit on my door . If your door handle is close to the edge of the door do not buy this product . The door will not close .
 I purchased this for the door of my daycare . The handle on our door is a commercial handle with an exterior key pad . I purchased this Kidco type because it appeared to be the best one I could find for a lever lock . This door lever lock 's handle was too short for the handle on the door . We were able to cut the plastic a bit so we could put it on . It worked for a while but the the top part of this lock would n't stay stuck to the door and kept flying off . It would probably be okay to use on a household door that does n't get opened often .
 The lock worked for a couple of months until my almost 2 year old figured it out . Not only that but it was n't a tight fit on the door so I was constantly having to snap it back into place to make sure it was actually locked . It just was n't a snug fit . I used all the padding but it still wiggles a lot . Now I have 2 extra of these in packages . I guess I 'll try to send it back .
 These were recommended by my pediatrician . My kids figured them out , broke them off the doors and I still have double sided stickies all over the house . Did n't work for us and my kids still over run the boundaries ... however ... now they are old enough to recognize natural consequences and parent administered consequences .
 sloppy fit on the door handle even with the foam folded in half . handle case kept coming apart in my two year old 's hand . would n't latch properly with the safety latch .
 I gave this door lock a try , since my 2 yr old was starting to open the front door . It did not work at all ! First , every time you try to unlock it , you had to push it in and then press the release button , since the foam inside the box was not dense enough to keep the door handle secure . Also , it came off after only a week of use . Do not recommend this to anyone .
 I am very disappointed in this lock . It 's made out of flimsy plastic and it 's very easy for a two-year-old to snap apart and use the door handle .
 I installed this unit using the double sides sticky tape I did not use the screws because I did not want to damage my door . The best feature is that you can lock the door behind you and still enter the door from opposite side of the child lock . The down side is that after a week the part that sticks to the door came off and now the lock non functional .
 This is not a good product unless you 're willing to screw one of the parts into your door , which we were not since it was a newly installed hi-quality door ; and the way the door was designed was not conducive to doing so . As a result , the double-backed tape which was required for the use of this product quickly came off . You ca n't really expect a piece of plastic which is held to a wooden door with just two-sided tape to withstead the pressures of a person -LRB- large or small -RRB- trying to open the door . It just is n't going to hold up.It 's a nice try , but in the end was a waste of my money .
 These did not fit on our lever door handles - at all ! Now they are completely useless to us . : -LRB-
 Man , this is one of those rare reviews where I wish I could give the product zero stars , and that does n't happen too often.We bought one of these to keep our dogs in a bathroom while we were out for a couple hours . They learned long ago to lean on the handle to push the door open.We went out this evening for supper , and when we got home , the case was off the handle and the locking disc was popped open and off the door.Firstly , the case fits very loosely on the handle , and even adding more padding did n't really help . It jiggles and honestly feels VERY cheap . In addition , the way it snapped closed over the door handle is very tentative and our dogs popped it open and it fell off the handle . In addition , the locking disc , which is also a '' `` snap '' close device , pops right open and falls off the door if you put any pressure on the lever at all.So now I have 3 holes in our door , double-side tape stuck to the door , and a door lock that did n't last even an hour.In short , this is NOT worth buying ... it 's a real waste of money ... we 're gon na try something else .
 I am returning the lever locks because my 2 1/2 year old figured them out right away . I wish there was a better solution out there .
 My 17 month old has n't figured it out yet , but my three year old defeated it on the second day . Good quality and easy to install -LRB- no tools needed -RRB- but way too easy to use and wo n't prevent a bright , determined kid from entering/leaving a room for long . Would work well if you 're trying to keep a dog or cat from using the door handle .
 The door handle piece is very loose and flimsy . I give my son a few weeks before he is able to get past this device . Unfortunately , I have not been able to find any safety devices that work for this type of door handle .
 We registered and received this highchair when our daughter was born . We liked the look of it since we had hardwood floors and an older home , and all the other highchairs were plastic and ugly . It did match our decor , and that is the only positive I can say about this highchair ~ ! Our daughter is now 14 months old , and I finally went and got a new highchair today . It was the most pleasant dining experience we 've had since she started eating solid food ! The 3-point harness in this chair is ridiculous , does not secure a child who can stand , is difficult to buckle around the waist and through the legs of the baby , and is in general useless . Our baby stood up every meal despite our best efforts to teach her to sit during meal time . I 'm just thankful she has n't fallen out of this chair and split her head open ! -LRB- not for lack of trying on her part , and lack of safety on Eddie Bauer 's part -RRB- In addition to the ridiculous `` safety '' strap , the cloth cushion that came with the chair went the wayside many months ago . It had to be washed several times a week , and is not a wipe down after a mealtime cushion . After the cushion went away , food became mushed into the crevices where the wood spindles are inserted into the seat and back . There is also food mushed into the foot area of the chair . This is not for lack of cleaning , mearly a normal baby eating messily.I can not advise people enough to get a highchair based on it 's safety features and ease of cleaning ! Do n't worry what it looks like in your house ... you 'll get over it . Trust me . You have enough to do with a baby around , you do n't need the headache of this highchair .
 I am the mom of an 18-year-old daughter and a 15-month-old daughter . I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER ! I bought this highchair b/c it matched my beautiful hard-wood floors and it seemed like the HIGH QUALITY chair I could n't afford 18 years ago but can now . Stupid , stupid , stupid . First , I about had heart failure last week when I was feeding my baby girl and she pushed her chubby little feet against the dining room table leg and about tipped her highchair over . If I had n't been sitting right there with her , she would have fell over backward . Second , the `` convenient '' pop-off tray is convenient for my daughter to pop off and throw on the floor , b/c it 's really easy to remove . -LRB- BIG MESSES ! -RRB- Did they not test this chair w/a real child ???? Third , the tray does n't wrap around AT ALL , so a large percentage of everything goes on the floor . I know this is part of babyhood , but some of it could be averted by having a wider tray . She can even throw stuff behind her -- that 's how small the tray is . My dog has gained five pounds . Fourth , the attractive cover is useless , b/c I figured out a long time ago that I 'd better keep it covered with a towel or baby blanket , if I did n't want to be washing it every day . -LRB- It does n't wash very well -- it balls up and the velcro does n't attach as well after the 30th washing :--LRB- < grrrr > Fifth , forget moving the chair ; put it where you want it and that 's where it will stay . There are no wheels and it 's too unsteady to move with the baby in it . Sixth , My daughter , who is 15 months old , is a big girl -- 98 + percentile -- and I do n't know how much longer she 's going to be able to comfortable sit in this highchair , which is absolutely ridiculous ; she should be able to use the chair at least to age 2 . -LRB- The space from the back of the chair to the plastic `` crotch '' area is less than 9 '' , and the space from the back of the chair to the `` belly area '' of the chair is less than 10 '' . -RRB- Seventh , the `` convenient '' pull-out holders are a joke -- my daughter could reach them by the time she was 9 months old , which would make a glass jar of green beans a disaster sitting on there . Once again , USELESS . I could go on , but you get the picture . If you are a grandmother who has some money to blow and want to buy a wooden highchair for your grandkids to OCCASSIONALLY use for a SHORT PERIOD of thier lives , by all means , buy the chair . But if you 're a parent and want to actually make your life easier and your child 's life more comfortable , buy ANYTHING else .
 I first got this highchair because I liked the wood and I thought it was sturdy and attractive . WELL , I just had to go out and buy another one -LRB- BabyTrend Malawi which I love -RRB- , because the EB one is just impossible . My one year old daughter kept climbing out of it and almost falling because it has no chest harness ! And it is very high off the ground . The Babytrend one can be lowered to almost ground level and has chest straps to keep her safely in it.I suppose if you have a calm baby who does n't move around or climb then it would be an ok choice , but I could n't leave her in it for a second .
 We received this highchair as a gift , had we paid the money for it , I 'd be upset.Pros - it looks beautiful and it is very sturdy.Cons - the straps are THE WORST , we struggle each and every time we put our baby in -LRB- she 's 13 months now -RRB- and like others said , it is VERY hard to clean the seat . It was fine when she was younger and we fed her purees neatly with a spoon , but now that she is self feeding its a mess . Food gets trapped on the pad , under the pad , in between the wood slats ... its a project to clean after each feeding.Granted , I do n't have anything to compare this chair to , but I have to assume there are better chairs out there , not as pretty maybe , but more functional . I would not buy this chair .
 IT MAY LOOK GOOD BUT IT HAS NO FEATURES ! AFTER YOU BUY IT YOU 'LL END UP VISITING A FRIEND WHO HAS A HIGH CHAIR WITH SOME FEATURES AND YOU 'LL BE RETURNING IT HOPING THAT THE STORE WILL GIVE YOU A CREDIT . SAVE YOUR BOX AND YOUR RECEIPT . YOU 'LL HAVE 90 DAYS . YOU 'LL RETURN IT IN A WEEK . I 've gone through three high chairs and my child is only 7 months old ! I started with the wooden Eddie Bauer because I liked the way it looked and it matched my decor . I returned it because it did n't recline , the height was n't adjustable , it was hard and seemed uncomfortable , and it had no wheels . Plus , it did n't fold for storage . Next , I purchased the Evenflo Discovery . At first , I loved most of the features -LRB- it reclined , the height was adjustable , it was a little more comfortable than the Eddie Bauer , it had wheels , and it folded for storage -RRB- except the seat was too deep and my child who is in the 95th percentile for height could barely see over the top . The activity center was way too loud and the graphics could not be seen by the baby . On that note they could n't really be seen in a normally lit kitchen by anyone . The seat would never sit all the way up and I had to prop a pillow behind my baby at every mealtime which was ridiculous . When I returned it I was told there was no defect that is just how the chair is made . I does n't keep your baby straight up . Finally , I brought my child to the store and sat him in the high chairs I was considering -LRB- below $ 100 -RRB- . I was so happy with the Baby Trend Palm Tree High Chair . It had ALL OF THE FEATURES I was looking for and it was super comfortable . Plus , it had shoulder straps , which when worn loosely added extra safety without restricting movement . The Baby Trend Palm Tree High Chair is the best choice in this price bracket . Trust me , I 've road tested three of them ! I wish I had read the reviews first before I wasted my time .
 I liked this chair because it was wood and had good reviews . It was OK when my son was 6-8 months . After that time frame strapped in he could easily climb out . I can not count the number of times he would get onto the tray , with me standing right next to him . I was always sitting with him , I could never feed him and do the dishes , while he ate 4 feet away . I had to be next to him at all times which I am not complaining about however , it was hard to even refill a cup or get him more food . He could even lean over the sides making me uncomfortable . The wood scratches easily and the straps are not easily accessible . It was always difficult to get him strapped in . The chair is not mobile , does not adjust for height and does not recline . I ended up buying a new highchair . Even before 6-8 months I think a highchair with more padding and reclining would have been 100 tims better !! I find that my son loves to recline in our new chair . I am mad at myself for putting up with the problems as long as I did .
 I bought this high chair because it was beautiful and as a first time mom I was n't really aware of what I should look for in a high chair . Considering the price I figured the saying `` you get what you pay for '' may apply ... WHAT A MISTAKE AND A WASTE OF MONEY !! This chair is impossible to clean ... the other parents who said it was easy must be `` super parents '' . Yeah you can just throw the cover in the wash but the cover is useless because it leaves most surfaces uncovered anyway and food gets caught in EVERY crevice of the wood . Most parents I know do n't have time to scrub a highchair after feeding thier baby.It is also impossible to move ... it would have been more practical to have put wheels on the bottom instead of rubber ... it does not slide easily on any surface and given the fact that it is wood it is HEAVY.The worst and most disappointing part of this chair is that it is NOT SAFE AT ALL . My 10 month old daughter is able to stand straight up in a matter of seconds with the strap as tight as possible and the tray up to her stomach . The reason for this is because the way the straps are positioned/designed -LRB- whatever -RRB- leaves them to be too loose and allow WAY too much movement . I would never leave her alone in any highchair ... but I ca n't even blink with her in this one.If I had the box I would return it . I sent in a comment with my concerns about the safety of this product to the company but they did n't respond back to me .
 As first time parents , we did n't really know what to look for in a high chair . This high chair is very pretty , but not very functional . It does n't lean back . Unless your child is already sitting on his own this is not the chair for you . Also-NONE of the suction cup toys will stick to the tray . We are looking to buy a better chair .
 I was encouraged to buy this chair because my sister in law told me that I would get sick of looking at a colorful highchair and the wooden one would look great in my kitchen . She also told me that I would never need a chair that reclines . Well , my 5 month old has been eating solids for a month now and I still feed him in the bouncy chair . This chair does not recline , so he tends to slouch and and gets food every where . Since you ca n't just wipe the cusion down , I have to wash it . I 'm selling this crappy chair and getting a funtional chair that reclines , wipes clean and has adjustable hieght .
 I bought this chair as a first time mom and not thinking about the time i would have to get things done . This chair once you start feeding your child solid foods is a waste of time . If your child is like any other infant the food does not stay in their mouths but goes everywhere else including the seat cover . So that means you have to either vacuum the seat , take it off and shake it out or if its really dirty you have to wash it . That means you then have to dry it . WHO HAS THE TIME !!!! not me . I can not recommend this seat to anyone . if i still had the box i would be taking it back.Also , when you first start using the chair your child is not ready to sit upright right away . this chair does not give you the ability to recline at all . we constantly had to adjust our daughter so that she would be sitting upright and not falling to either side . does n't make for a happy and enjoyable feeding .
 This High Chair was a gift , when they opened the box it was scratched , dented and not packed well at all . My friends had to return it to the origional store and get another one . This was VERY inconvient especially since she was 9 months pregnent . I was Not happy at all ...
 I really like how the chair looks , that it 's narrow , that the tray that can be put in the dishwasher , and the little compartment in the back that we put bibs in . But it 's Horrible to clean ! You can use the cover and you 'll have to wash it every time it 's used if you have a messy toddler like I do . Or you can take the cover off but food sticks really bad to the wood and after scrubbing the wood so much it starts to fade and look bad . I would prefer the high chair come with a plastic pad so it can be wiped down easily . If I could do it over again I would NOT buy this high chair .
 This highchair is absolutely horrible . I registered for it because of its looks , and Oh , boy ... bad , bad , move . It does n't recline , the space where the baby sits is too small and ca n't be adjusted ! If your baby grows and still needs to sit in it , forget it . His knees will get stuck . It 's a hassle to move it from place to place and it 's got the worse buckles ever . I ended up buying The First Years Reclining 4 Stages Feeding Seat , which I highly recommend . It does n't take up space in your kitchen because it is strapped onto a regular chair and it has the same functions as any highchair . Best invention ever . Big frustration this Eddie Bauer Monstruous Thing . Trust me , please
 I love this chair for its style . However my daughter 's leg was trapped between the front side slat and it became red-purple swollen . She was in extreme pain trying to free her and 10 minutes of ice and dishsoap did I manage to free her . The velcro to secure pad scraches her legs everytime and the buckle is very annoying to use . It is located on the bottom of the seat when my baby sits , annoying . This chair can be a hazard and Eddie Bauer shouldv ' e made it better in many ways !
 This high chair is a disaster . It is so heavy it takes two people to move it from the kitchen to the dining room table . It is impossible to clean without q-tips . My daughter is uncomfortable in it , as the back has no recline at all . I bought it because I wanted a non-plastic high chair , and this was the only option . I wish I did n't . Plus , the seat cover is machine washable , but who wants to wash it after every meal ? I stopped using the safety harness because it was such a pain and bothered my daughter . Also , the plastic tray top that pops off for easy cleaning , was found out by my daughter when she was around 7 months old , and she would pick it up -LRB- with her dinner on it -RRB- so that got stored in the pantry . We lost a couple of dinners on the `` feature '' . Please DO NOT WASTE YOU MONEY .
 this product DOES NOT float in water , my child and i are very disappointed . good thing i had twins !
 I received both the PoshPouch and BundleMe for my baby shower . For what it 's supposed to be , I much prefer the BM over the PP and here are a few of the reasons : Cons : - The `` collar '' of the PP constantly falls inside the carrier . This is a design flaw . While it does n't affect the performance of the PP , it 's an annoyance . The collar , from the day I started using the PP , falls constantly . While it looks like , in the pictures , the collar will resemble a shirt collar , after use , it looks like an extraneous fabric flap with no real purpose ... and that 's what it is . It does n't even look good . This is n't a problem on the BM.-When closed , my baby can only see up into the sky . She could n't look to the left or right , nor straight ahead unless we unzipped the PP . With the BM , the baby can see in all directions.-The PP is simply a cover that fits around a car seat , whereas the BM is an actual pouch that you zip around the baby . So , in the winter the BM is much warmer than the PP . This could be a negative too.-The PP does n't close all of the way . So in a downpour , your baby 's face -LRB- and body -RRB- will be wet when closed completely . The BM has enough fabric that in a downpour , you can shield your baby by covering them.-The PP , because it 's a ` cover ' is only suitable for a car seat . Think of the PP as a shower cap , split in the middle with a zipper and a collar . Therefore , it can not fit most strollers . I have a Chicco Cortina Keyfit travel system . I can not use the PP on the stroller . However , I can use the BM on both the car seat and the stroller.Pros : - The PP is , in my opinion , meant for spring/fall -LRB- and probably only fall since it rains in the spring often -RRB- and the BM meant for only the winter . This is an advantage for most of the year over the BM and therefore a better value . However , with the BM I did n't have to layer my child excessively during the winter because it 's very warm.-The PP is more `` airy '' - meaning air can circulate in the car seat much better than the BM.The PP is a good concept , but the aesthetically-pleasing-yet-non-functional `` collar '' really irked me . I found myself pulling it off of my daughters face too often . The BM has limited use -LRB- for the winter only -RRB- , but it 's all functional .
 This was awful . I used it for my first baby , and I maybe used it 5 times and the handle clicked out of place and would n't ever pump right after that . It also leaked really bad when the milk would go down into the tunnel to go in the bottle . It would n't go all the way down instead it would leak down my breast . It hurt my hand so bad to pump . I would get the amount of milk I needed but it took forever , and I would have to keep pushing the handle back in place . I am difinitley getting a new . When I look at the price of this thing it makes me sick that I spent that much on it . I wish I could give it 0 stars .
 I actually just threw this across the room . This is my 3rd baby / third time pumping . I 've always used an Aventi manual pump and got this because it was cheaper . It 's difficult to use , slow and impossible to clean . I hate throwing this away ... such a waste but I ca n't take it anymore !!
 My old Avent Isis that my sister loaned to me broke , so I went out looking for a replacement . I selected this Evenflo pump , because it seemed to look the most like the Isis . Apparently , all pumps are NOT created equal . When I used to pump with the Isis , my milk came out so easily , quickly , and with no discomfort . With this one , after about 20 minutes I had only one ounce out of each , my hand was so tired , and I was sore . Did n't seem to matter which setting I had it on , or whether I had the horn insert in or not . It also recommended hand expressing to begin with , before I began pumping ... but did n't really think that was practical , since most of the time I will be using this in public bathrooms , while my little one is at home with Dad . I went online and spent the extra $ to order a new Avent Isis .
 Spend the extra $ 10 - $ 15 and get a Medela !!!! I have used both and the Medela is way better . This one is awkward to use . You need both hands to use it effectively . Very disappointed . Go with Medela 's manual pump if you ca n't afford an electric . Buy an electric if you can it is so worth it . -LRB- Lansinoh pump worked awesome for me -RRB-
 I have now used two manual pumps . I prefer manual because I can control the pump speed myself , they are lightweight , cheap , and easy to take along in a purse . I have been using a Madela Harmony manual pump , and I LOVE it . But I just went on a trip and accidentally left it at my sister 's house . I pump everyday -LRB- already back at work full time -RRB- so I needed another pump ASAP . I bought the Evenflo Comfort select because it was $ 15 cheaper than the madela manual pump at Burlington . Well , I really wish I had just spent the extra money on the one I knew was good . First , the evenflo manual pump does do the job -- just not as well as I would like . I definitely got my usual 8 ounces of milk in about 20 or 30 minutes , and the cone that sits around my breast was very comfortable . The problem is all with the pump assembly . The handle is bigger than the madela Harmony , so it is harder for someone with medium or small hands to actually get a good grip around it . If you have large hands , i guess you 'll be fine . I thought it would be nice to have the variable vacuum setting for pumping , but it is so stiff on the maximum setting , that my hands tire out right away -LRB- and I 'm a pretty strong person ! -RRB- . So I have it on the easiest setting and it is still harder to pump than the madela manual pump . Now for the real kicker , the pump assembly occasionally jumps off the `` horn '' assemble . Basically I will be pumping right along and the pump and handle part will just come right off . This happened about 3 or 4 times in a single pumping . I was fed up.So I called Evenflo and after being on hold for about 5 minutes I spoke to a very nice representative . With breast-pumps , once you use them , you ca n't return them . . According to her this is not a common problem , but it seems to me to be a design problem not a defect with my particular pump . She did a little trouble-shooting with me and then gave me two options -LRB- 1 -RRB- get a replacement pump or -LRB- 2 -RRB- get credit to purchase something else with them . We opted for the credit because we buy a lot of other evenflo products . I 'm definitely bummed that I now have to go buy a new pump , but at least they were really nice about trying to reimburse us with other products , and we do n't have to pay for shipping . Also , we get to keep the nipple and breast pads that came with the pump , so that is nice.Bottom line
 I ordered a fancy electric pump online and needed something to get me by for the 10 days it would take for the pump to arrive . I bought this hoping it would just do the minimum I needed until my pump came in the mail . It has been two days and about 10 pumpings and it has already broken . Basically , I spent $ 2 per use for this piece of crap .
 The pump has poor suction compared to a very old Pur manual model my wife was using . Also , the flimsy construction is prone to having the pump valve dislodge . After replacing it , it never again allowed full range of pumping motion and suction was further decreased . Avoid if possible .
 If I had purchased this pump first I may have never known how bad it was . The pump I 've been using for 5 months broke but it at least worked wonderfully before then . I bought the evenflo pump b/c it was the least expensive one I could find . Well , you get what you pay for . Please , please , please do not buy this pump . Even on the max suction it still has less than half the pumping power as my first one . New mommies
 okay , so I 've never owned a pump before , but this one sucks . It does n't have much suction and it keeps trying to break in my hands . What a waste of 20 bucks ... I ca n't wait to go buy myself a nice , expensive double electric pump .
 My husband brought this home for me as I suddenly needed a pump due to a medical need to pump and dump for a day or two . I was very grateful , but soon discovered that it made me very sore . And , it did n't seem to pull much out . My hands tired quickly -LRB- I used to have a Medela hand pump and it was n't any where near as tiring as this one is . -RRB- As I still had my Pump 'n Style , but had thrown away all the pieces since I did n't think I needed them , I found the replacement parts at a medical supply store and used that instead -LRB- Incidently , the replacement parts only cost about a dollar more than the pump did at Target , though if I 'd had to have purchased a new Medela , it would have been twice as much -RRB- . While even the Pump 'n Style did n't help me pump much more than this one , it was so much more comfortable and less tiring . So , for the money , if you really only need this for a short time , it might work , but if you 'll need it longer , I really recommend avoiding this one unless you really do n't have a choice .
 My Medela manual pump finally wore out so I ran to Target in an emergency and ended up with this one . I wish I could return it . It 's horribly made , impossible to clean and very uncomfortable . the handle does n't swivel so you actually have to break the seal to move it around . And something about the way it is made , when I hold it , the collection bottle starts to unscrew . I 'm off to buy another Medela Harmony tomorrow . Save yourself the trouble and start with a good pump !
 I needed a manual pump as a backup , in case I got caught away from home and needed to pump . Since I did n't anticipate using it much I thought it was a good idea to spend less and this one was cheaper than some of the other manual pumps . Within four uses the seal broke and it no longer had enough suction . I returned it for another and the second one lasted about twice as long before it went back to the store . I ended up with an Avent Isis and am completely loving it . Totally worth spending the extra $ 15 or so for . And , I actually like it better than my electric pump !
 This pump has a dial that is supposed to be able to increase or decrease the amount of suction applied but there is no difference between the lowest and highest settings . After a few uses it becomes noisy , and by that I mean it clicks and squeeks . And this sound is coming from who knows where since the handle assembly itself is not easily taken apart without breaking it . It was extremely difficult to extract much , if any milk with this flimsy pump since most of my time was spent putting the thing back together . I do not recommend the purchase or attempted use of this product . It may be priced attractively but it is not worth the frustration .
 I went out of town and forgot my breast pump . I bought this pump for about twenty bucks . It took 30 minutes to pump 2 oz . I hand expressed the milk instead . My breasts were FULL and it could not pump hardly anything . The pumping action is VERY SLOW also , so not only is it totally ineffective it is slow too . I have the Medela hand pump and it is wonderful . do not buy this pump get the medela
 I bought this as a travel pump for a cruise I am going on so that I do n't have to bring my huge electric double pump . Thankfully , I decided to try it out on an overnight wedding last weekend and after I put the bottle on the pump and tried to use it , the bottle would pop off every time I tried to depress the handle . Then I finally got my hand in a position to not put pressure on the bottle which is almost impossible because that is where the tork goes to offset the pump handle and the whole handle mechanism fell apart . I was so determined to make it work I fought with it for a good 30 minutes . I have no idea how this item could have actually gone into production because it does n't work at all . This is n't even a matter of it being a bad item , it should actually be recalled because it does n't even stay together much less work . I could use my hand and a ziplock with better results . = -LRB-
 Product totally useless , it worked fine for about 3 weeks and then it crashed into pieces . It broke and no longer produced suction successfully . Do n't bother buying this item , buy an electric one instead , it 's a little more expensive but it worth the difference instead of buying one of these every month .
 When I finaly gave this as the gift I purchased it for I had to explain that I bought it online and did n't know what I was getting . It was embarrasing , I was trying to go for something chik to give from one mom to another . Ha ha it would only hold like one diaper and it was a cheap plastic material ! Oh well
 This product was difficult to put together . It took me an hour to finally get all the pieces to fit and tighten the screws , etc. . There was a mistake in the first set of instructions . When it was finally put together the product looked nice . There are sparkles on the flowers and buttlerflies and the colors are vibrant . However , the stool is not very sturdy and the materials are very cheap .
 The stuffed animal is super cute but it 's not as practical as I had hoped . It has several noises and I thought one of them would be similar to `` white noise '' which is what I use at night to help my baby sleep . Not crazy about the sounds .
 The animal is great , the shape is nice - his head ` hangs ' over a childs shoulder but the sounds that come with this thing are simply scary for young kids . I ca n't imagine how any child would be soothed to sleep with this one . Has a nice song on there but every few beats a loud roar or noise is made ! really ?
 I was given this at my baby shower in 2010 . The sound machine never actually fit in the hole in the Sheep 's back . Ever . The opening is too small . Despite this , we did use each of the two pieces individually . As a stuffed animal and a noise machine . My son is not particularly fond of stuffed animals but it does consistently sit in his crib . The noise machine is small and portable which is nice . But when my son was 6 months and we transitioned him to his crib in his room -LRB- as opposed to our bedroom -RRB- - we found an alarm clock with a soother mode far more useful as it never shuts off and he seemed to prefer that consistent background noise.I found it to be a total waste of money . The only reason I kept it and tried to make it work was because my grandmother gave it to me . Otherwise it would 've promptly been sent back from whence it came .
 The sleep sheep is soft and adorable , as well as easy to attach to the crib or pack n play . But it simply is n't loud enough . Newborns do n't have very good hearing and my daughter does n't even notice when we turn this on . With our first daughter , we had a regular sound machine and she would calm down as soon as we turned the volume up really high . The sleep sheep just is n't loud enough to make a difference to our little one when she is really fussy . My suggestion is to just go with a traditional sound machine .
 I received this Cloud b Sleep Sheep only 1.5 weeks ago . For some reason , the sound system is not working . It started by shortening the sound time , then it began turning itself off right after I turned it on and then all of a sudden , it stopped working at all . At the beginning , we thought it was a battery and so we replaced it with Duracell , but no luck ... Think twice before ordering it ...
 I am disappointed . I purchased Sleep sheep-4 soothing sound from nature . The mother heartbeat sound is not working . When I made a return , it was said they could not replace . I hope they make refund on time .
 First of all , 3 of the 4 sound choices are useless . HEARTBEAT must be for baby aliens , ` cause it 's not even close to human and is not soothing at all . RAIN is just a 4-sec . clip very badly spliced so that you hear the splice more than the rain . Listening to a badly spliced tape repeat every 4 seconds is annoying , not soothing . The WHALE sounds might be great for whales who happen to live in a Haunted House , because that 's what they sound like on this thing . The OCEAN sound IS soothing ... until it stops 20 minutes later . The sound stopping abruptly wakes my baby up , which means I have to wake up every 20 minutes to keep it going ! Can you tell I 'm sleep deprived , and this thing is n't helping?I finally just put my Ipod on `` repeat all '' mode and let her listen to Mozart instead on the iHome .
 I bought this sleep sheep hoping it would help my special needs grandson . There was no soothing for him or me . When it arrives in the box , you can test the sounds and volume before you actually remove it from the box ... which I did and it worked just fine . BUT where the timer is located is covered with plastic and can not be tested before removing the sheep and sound devise . It is a tight squeeze getting the sound device into the back of the sheep . I 'm thinking all is well and I would use it at his nap time . I set the timer for 45 minutes . It stopped in 23 minutes . I tried many times to get this soother to play the ocean sound for 45 minutes . I tried different sounds and volume and it always played for only 23 minutes on the 45 minute setting . That was not going to work for the baby or me . As you might have guessed , I had torn down the box for recycling . I put all the pieces of the box and the sheep and a post it note and shipped it back to Amazon . I give Amazon 5 stars . They issued me a complete refund for the defective sleep sheep . I appreciate Amazon for doing the right thing . Amazon is my place to shop and will continue to be so . Just stay away from the sheep in wolves clothing .
 When I opened the package , I was shocked to see it was a used product . The packaging was already opened , the battery pack was not sealed . I needed this item right away , so I could n't return it , but I was very disappointed that this happened .
 This is a review with my son as a reference . Each baby is different.I was given this sheep before my baby arrived and I was very excited after reading the reviews for it online . Much to my disappointment , it did not work for my son since day 1 . It still does not work after 4 months . He does not care for the sounds nor do I . It does not sound like nature to me , it sounds like a radio.He prefers soothing music which calms him down and puts him to sleep.This sheep has the vintage look/color to it and it is really soft though . If it is safety to play with -LRB- I am not sure , have not examined it carefully -RRB- , it could be a nice stuff animal .
 I was surprised , given the rave reviews of this product , of the incredibly poor quality . I will start by saying my son seems to like this lamb and it is a great solution to having a white noise machine -LRB- which he uses at home -RRB- at daycare . But given that A -RRB- I have had this product for about 3 months , B -RRB- have washed it just twice , and C -RRB- it gets light use , just 1 nap/day at daycare , it is in AWFUL condition . Looks like it has been through a war . Just took it out of the washer and an ear has fallen off ! The fleece is matted and the plastic netting foundation is showing in many small patches . So glad I did n't pay more expensive prices I have seen in stores .
 I did n't realize you need batteries for this , nor does it have basic white noise . The sounds it emits are not pleasant . Too electronic and static sounding .
 I was really frustrated with the design of this product . For some reason I am completely unable to get the sound machine in to the giraffe and close the opening in the back . A bunch of us have tried it , and the pouch is simply not large enough for the sound machine . Perhaps our giraffe was just sown badly and others do n't have this problem . Still , I would n't risk getting one that ca n't be used together.Even though I could n't use the sound machine in the giraffe , we did try and use the sound machine portion anyway . Our baby spends a few days a week wtih his grandmother and we gave her that to use in the pack and play . however even just the sound machine portion did n't work well . It has a 45 minute shut off . Our baby would wake up the second it shut off . We had to switch to a corded sound machine that we sit outside the crib as this would not shut off during the middle of his nap .
 We need noise because of the sounds outside my son 's window , and because of household noises , which were waking him up prematurely . Well , this product 's noise TIMES OUT . As if one only needs noise while they 're GOING to sleep ... my son 's most sensitive time is toward the end of his nap , and with a noise machine that runs non-stop , his naps can be extended by up to 45 minutes ! NEedless to say , this product did not do the trick and has been in the closet for 2 years since I figured that out . -LRB- To make matters worse , before I realized it timed out at 23 minutes , it would wake him UP when it stopped making the noise !! Ugh ... -RRB- My suggestion is that you get a GOOD white noise machine that will run all night long ... those not intended for babies seem to be the best quality , in my opinion .
 I got his lamb and found out it 's just another baby thing that will be seldom used . Babies do n't really care about the ocean , whale or the rain sounds , they do n't know what those sounds are ! This lamb with sounds are more geared for adults who find them relaxing . It 's a cuddly stuff toy , minus the velcro at the back . Good marketing though by making it sound like it 's something every parents must have . I say not !
 I bought this sleep enhancer for a child of nearly two years . She was terrified by sounds coming from a stuffed toy . She is not one to be terrified and she is very intelligent . My take is this would be OK for an infant or an older child .
 I am having hard time training my six-month to sleep by herself . I am so desperate that I gave the sleep sheep a try . The sheep is cute . But the soothing sounds did not work at all .
 I ordered this item for my cousin 's one-year old son . I thought that it was adorable . I received the giraffe before the CHOKING HAZARDS were listed on this site . The box stated the same hazards . This really burned me because there was NO WAY that I was going to give my cousin a gift for her child that was supposedly a choking hazard ! Not to even mention the moral aspect , if there were ANY injury to this child as a result of a toy that I had knowingly given to them with clear warnings on the box - I would have been legally responsible NOT the manufacturer ! I had to order another gift at the last minute and I am still stuck with this giraffe.What is even more disturbing is that there are all these videos and reviews that depict this toy being used with a baby , who is clearly under 3 years old !! Personally , it would seem to me that a 3-year old could rip into this toy and choke on it far more than a small infant.The bottom line however is that to not make this toy in such a manner that babies can NOT choke on it is ridiculous when it is clearly an item that is suited more for infants than any other age group . And Amazon 's legal team should definitely remove the video , as it is misleading . It could even be argued that Amazon would be involved in a lawsuit as well should something happen to a child .
 We can not turn on/off the sound smoothly , or tune down the sound in the case when we `` luckily '' turned it on . The switch was broken . Waste of our money .
 I love the concept and look of the Sleep Sheep , but there are a couple of features that I do n't care for . Firstly , the sheep is on a 25 or 45 minute timer -LRB- which may work for some kids -RRB- but I really need something that runs all night . My baby wakes up as soon as it goes off . Plus , the only sound that is continuous -LRB- like a whooshing , and the only I can stand listening to since he sleeps in our room -RRB- is the rain setting . -LRB- Mother 's heartbeat is just creepy ... not conceptually , just this particular version -RRB- The other sounds are obnoxious and distracting - especially the whales , though my husband likes them . I guess I should have just used my current alarm clock on rain setting all night . Lastly , it needs to be much louder ! All that said , I do use it - and could see other families having no problems . At $ 30 or whatever , it is worth the `` gamble . ''
 The sleep sheep is a good idea , and it 's cute , but that 's about all it has going for it . We bought this for my son when he was a few months old ; now he 's 11 months and it has already stopped working . When you buy this , you 're paying for the cute sheep ; the sound machine part is very cheaply made . It has a knob that , turned one way , turns the sound off , and , turned the other way , turns the sound on and adjusts the volume . After just a few months , the knob started malfunctioning ; it would only work in certain positions . Annoying , but it was still usable . Then , about a week ago it just stopped working altogether -LRB- while we were travelling , no less , and really in need of it ! -RRB- . We went to Target to find a replacement and found a great sound machine with more sounds and more options for less money , and it seems to be of very good quality . It has one feature I really love that the sleep sheep does n't ; you can let the sound run indefinitely without it timing out.Spend your money elsewhere if you want a decent sound machine !
 Adorable and really helped the transition from rocking to sleep . But we use the heartbeat sound exclusively - and the 3rd one just died . I 'm so disappointed .
 We used this with our new baby and quickly found two major flaws . # 1 - the volume does n't go loud enough for a crying infant to hear it . # 2 - there is n't an option to have the sounds continue through the night . Our baby would be sleeping soundly and then 45 minutes later when sleep sheep would stop soothing , like a light switch , baby would be awake and crying.It is cute and the sounds are nice , but the major flaws are too big to get past . A white noise MP3 , which you can find for free and loop continuously on an MP3 player , works perfectly fine .
 We love the white noise for our little boy . He has a very difficult time sleeping without it . Ever since we got the giraffe it has randomly shorted out , but now it 's to the point that it shorts so much it 's not even worth turning on . Another annoyance is that there is no `` constant on '' setting -- the longest it will stay on is 45 minutes . Our son wakes up when it turns off and he 's definitely a heavy sleeper otherwise.The sleep sheep shorts out as well -- definitely a quality production issue and not just a bad egg .
 I just recieved this giraffe as a shower gift . The volume knob on the bottom without any pressure , popped off in my hand . Its the perfect choking size . Make sure to check yours , I was able to pop mine back on and off and it only seems to pop off when its at a specific volume.I will be returning mine , and I do n't think I 'll be getting another .
 It does n't have an option to stay on . After a max of 45 minutes it will shut off abruptly , no gentle progression to no sound - just sudden silence , guaranteed to wake up the f * ing baby - worse than having nothing at all .
 I was hoping for this to be an attachment object for my kids at night , but they -LRB- 3 and 1.5 years -RRB- both ca n't keep their hands off the velcro and sound machine buttons . I had to remove the velcro lasso and take out the sound machine on the first night .
 Horribly crappy product ! I do n't know what all the hype is about cloudb products and I 'm disappointed I bought into it ! I expected a quality gund-like stuffed animal . Nope ! Such a CHEAP stuffed animal . The soundmaker is supposed to fit in a hole in its back - but it does n't fit at all ! It 's not meant for cribs , so where or why would you use it ??? Absolute waste of money , I will be returning it !
 i still do n't have this sheep . . not sure if it is lost or what not . i live overseas on a military base and sometime things get lost in shipment . . are you able to help me out ??? leaving here soon , so i would really just want my money back . . sorry but i really need an answer . .
 I purchased this to give as a gift ; Sadly , the box arrived dented , and now I ca n't use this item . Disappointing . This is just one of several packaging problems I 've had with amazon over the last month -LRB- amazon has not been packaging my items carefully , leading to damaged items -RRB- . Ugh .
 Love this product ! It 's a must have . Too bad I did not discover it earlier . It 's great white noise that I can put/take anywhere and lull my little one to sleep . I believe the timer is for 23 mins which most of the time is adequate for my baby to fall asleep .
 You may want to try this sheep for yourself , but it did not work for my son . He is now almost 4 months old and he has not cared about this sheep and its sounds from day one . I have the soothing seahorse and aquarium soother and both of these put my child to sleep fast . I would recommend those products , but not the sleep sheep . What attracts him most is the light and he prefers songs to the sounds of the sheep . I give 2 stars to the sheep just because it is super cute and I think we can use it later as a toy . It is also very soft , so I think my son will eventually like it once he can hold things .
 While it worked , it was alright . However , after about 2 months of use it shorted out and will not work now . Same story with our CloudB giraffe . I also hate the 45 minute shut off and wish it would play continuously as to not wake him up . Save your money and download an iPhone app or go to a white noise website on the computer .
 I was so excited when I got this in the mail and opened it right away to put it in my nursery . The little music box did n't fit into the pocket space provided in the giraffe and because of that I ended up ripping the hardly sown on velcro strap . = -LRB-
 I was given this giraffe at my shower . I love it and was hoping my son would too . Within 2 weeks of use -LRB- just for music as my son is too young to interact with it -RRB- the seam has opened up and the leg is falling off . I do n't know how this happened as it has n't been used much . I feel like it was just not stitched well . I have contacted the company so I hope they will replace the giraffe .
 It 's kind of big and awkward . The sound machine part that 's supposed to fit in the `` spine '' of the giraffe keeps peeping out , so it 's kind of hard when the baby bring it to her face . I feel like it could fit in better .
 The sheep is very cute as a stuffed animal , but we ended up taking out the sound machine portion because it was too hard to turn it on when it was in the sheep and attached to the crib . And since it only stays on for a max of 45 min we had to restart it a lot . In the end this was also not loud enough . Save your money , time and sanity and purchase a sound machine that runs continuously .
 I was hopeful that this would help lul my infant to sleep to help train her to fall asleep in her crib . She did seem to calm to the `` rain '' sound , but it took her about 20 minutes to drift off , so just as she actually fell asleep , it abruptly turned off , waking her up immediately . So we purchased an actual white noise machine -LRB- which is also an alarm clock/radio -RRB- , which we love . I also like that I also have options of playing the radio with it and have many sounds to choose from rather than being limited to only 4 with the sleep sheep . Though this is cute , I recommend spending money one something more practical .
 FLAWED.As a number of other reviewers have noted , there exists a fundamental flaw in this product 's execution
 I though it was a good idea to get this sheep for my newborn so I added this to my baby registry . When someone got this for us I was really excited thinking it would help calm the baby and put her to sleep ... I was sooooo wrong . I found the sound very muffle and not soothing at all . The worst part was my baby hated this thing and was scare to tear every time she saw it . I end up using my tablet to play calming music for her instead . Had to return the sheep to Amazon .
 Some babies love white noise , but we did n't find this product to be very soothing for our baby . The heartbeat setting is so slow that it sounds very unnatural . The whale setting sounds more like haunted house noises . The rain and ocean noises are the only ones that do n't sound creepy . For us , this was a waste of money . We had better luck with the Tiny Love Soothe and Groove Mobile , which plays music for 40 minutes , and has several different settings/types of music/white noise from which to choose .
 Short and sweet , great concept , the sheep is cute , sounds are pretty good -LRB- although we stick to the ocean sound usually -RRB- , but we have gone through 3 of these so far and are ready to return the last one and try something else . All bought from Target , everyone of them has malfunctioned within 2 months . We got an exchange for the first one that would only work intermittently after 1 month of use . The second sheep would not switch to the 45 minute mode . Returned it for another one ... after 2 weeks it will shut off if it is bumped slightly ... ugh . What a POS product . Would it kill the manufacturer to make a quality product and just charge us $ 5 more ? Just a waste of a great idea .
 This thing turns off in 45 minutes ! I highly recommend one without a timer ! Your baby will most likely wake up when the sound turns off !
 At first we loved almost everything about this little giraffe . It 's cute , cuddly , and the four sound tracks are great . Kind of a pain that it 's on a timer ; like other reviewers , we wanted to leave it on for a long time so that baby could snooze right on through from one sleep cycle to another , but we learned to just keep hitting the button every 15 minutes or so to keep it on . Trouble is that after about a month of on-again/off-again use , the buttons got harder to push -- sometimes they seemed to `` stick , '' and other times nothing would happen when you pushed them . We changed the batteries , but it did n't help . In fact , we changed battery brands , and that did n't help either . Over the next few weeks it got worse . Sometimes we could n't turn it on at all when the little guy really needed some white noise to sleep , and even when we could get the sounds to play , the unit began turning off after 5 or 10 minutes . The buttons became less and less responsive . We did figure out that if you kind of wiggled a button back and forth while pushing it down really hard and shaking the toy , sometimes it would start the sounds again , but over time even that stopped working . It got to where sometimes after fighting with the buttons for several minutes it would make a few weak little sounds and then crackle and die . Eventually the buttons and knob became completely unresponsive . I changed the batteries 4 -LRB- yes , 4 ! -RRB- more times in a row with different brands , but it was no use . By the time my son was 2 1/2 months old , the giraffe was declared dead . I 'm so sad because I loved this little guy at first and I had hoped to give it out as a shower gift to all the new moms I know , but now I 'm telling everyone to avoid the Cloud B brand entirely -- my friend 's Sleep Sheep did the exact same thing after about a month . It 's just a poor quality product that does n't last .
 This product would be perfect if it had a continuous setting . We use the 45 minute option exclusively . It helps our four week old get to sleep , but he always wakes up when the noise turns off . We have to wake up and push the button again for him to settle back down . I would buy something different with the option to stay on all night .
 We bought this item to use in our nursery . The sleep sheep arrived in what appeared to be great condition and was really cute . Unfortunately , the screws used by the manufacturing company are so cheap , we stripped them by lightly applying pressure with the screw driver . We were able to get one out , but not the other . I ca n't comment on how the item works since we were n't able to gain access to the battery compartment .
 I put this giraffe on my daughter 's wish list , and she got it from her aunt . At first , it worked fine , and my daughter loved it . After 6 months of gentle use , it died . Although a nice idea , this toy does not last and is not worth the money .
 The soothing sounds from nature were really very creepy sounds , very ominous and fuzzy sounding which was unfortunate because it is really cute and soft . We returned the item anyway because the sounds were just not clear or soothing at all !
 This product is great for parents who would like their kids to sleep for up to 45 minutes , then wake up . Those of us who would like them to sleep a little longer wish that it would n't turn off after 45 minutes ! I have no idea what they were thinking ? Some kind of ridiculous liability issue?This makes the cute sheep useless . I 'd recommend getting a cheap radio and setting it between AM stations .
 Great idea . Used it twice and then it broke . I tried replacing the batteries but it still did n't turn on unless I banged it on something and then it turned off 10 seconds later . Got it as a gift so I ca n't return it or I would .
 We bought this to take camping . Our 9 month old has a HomeMedics white noise machine in his room that we leave on overnight -LRB- love it -RRB- . For camping we wanted a portable one . Our first camping trip , he 'd wake up somewhere new and freak out -LRB- that led us to buy this product -RRB- . We took this one on our second trip . This machine worked great . EXCEPT there is no way to use it without the timer ! It shuts off after 45 minutes no matter what you do ! He woke up about once/hour . If had n't recycled the packaging already , we 'd be returning this . Very dissatisfied .
 I really wanted to like this !! It 's soft and cute , and I like they way you can attach it to anything with velcro . BUT , the entire reason I bought it is because my daughter will NOT sleep away from home , and I believe it 's because the various noises bother her . I bought this to take with us and when she 's asleep , be it in the car or in a stroller , be able to attach it and turn it on and block out the background noise . NOT POSSIBLE . It 's not loud enough to even hear it in the car when driving down the road and that is with me sitting right next to her while my husband drives ! When it 's in the stroller with her , I can not even hear it standing right there pushing the stroller . I have it turned on and cranked up to the highest volume , and it 's useless . The heartbeat sound is nice for a newborn , and it did soothe her , when we were in a silent room . The rain sound is a lot like white noise , but WAY too quiet . The ocean sound does sound like an ocean but the `` splash '' of the wave is a little too different from the sound of no wave , so as to end up WAKING the child instead of soothing them . The whale sound is just weird . If you are planning to use this in a QUIET room , it might be what you are looking for . But if you are looking to block out background noise , or if you have other children that make noise , or if you have a car made after 2011 that is n't peaceful and smooth driving down the road , this thing is useless and I 'd recommend looking for something else .
 The idea is great , soft , cuddly sheep that makes sound . Really wish this had continuous play . This works great in calming my son and putting him to sleep . He wakes up when it switches off after 45 minutes . I use the app on my phone a lot more . The app on my phone is $ 1.99 , has over 30 sounds , and plays continuously .
 I really really wanted this to help sooth my 6 month old to sleep , instead of running our vacuum . But it 's just to quiet , the loudest setting seems to be the ocean ... but they all are still to quiet . Another thing that I dont like is the 45 minute timer , in the event that my son would fall asleep with the Sheep , he would wake up as soon as it turned off . It would also be nice if they replaced that semi-creepy whale noise with a generic white noise . I wish I had saved the box to return it !
 Im very disappointed with this lamb . First of all , its much larger than I thought it would be and the noises it makes are nothing special . 3 of them have been out for years , everywhere and Ive even heard them done better . The 4th sound is very strange and I find it irratating . Of course , Im not a baby , so maybe that will make a difference . I bought it for my expecting granddaughter , but Im so embarrassed by it , I will keep it at my house and try it out . Hope it works .
 This item is a WONDERFUL idea , but it has two key flaws :1 -RRB- there is n't a continuous play mode !! There are only two timed options -LRB- 23 and 45 min -RRB- , then the sound turns off . My newborn needed the sound maintained continuously to STAY asleep , not just to FALL asleep . Thus , we would have to keep pressing the button over and over , waking up ourselves when the sound would turn off to keep her from waking up - beyond annoying .2 -RRB- the full-size model is enormous - you do not need anything larger than the `` on-the-go '' or travel model , so why make this so big ? To charge more , that 's why.I gave it two stars because it has so much potential to be a fabulous product : -- the sheep is adorable , soft , and it is great to be able to hang it from ANYWHERE with the velcro loop . Plus , it is battery operated , which is a huge blessing -LRB- batteries are pre-installed , and are very long lasting - we did not replace ours over three + months of use -RRB- . -- the way the sound `` machine '' is removable from the body of the sheep is ingenious . This way , you can wash the sheep and reinsert the machine when dry . -- LOVE the volume control
 I purchased this for my baby daughter to help with putting her to sleep . I HOPED that this would work . I had no luck with this and at times seemed to irritate her more than soothe her . Do n't get me wrong works well and I 've had no problems with the product just that this JUST DID NOT WORK FOR HER . Basically it was a shot in the dark when purchasing because you never know if something like this will help or hinder ! Either way i now have an addition to my older daughter PILE of stuffed animals ! After all is said and done if this is something your child responds to then this may work for you . GOOD LUCK !
 There is no way that whoever made sleep sheep is a mother . With no continuous play mode , as others have complained , you are begging for your child to wake up in 45 minutes at best when it 's soothing sounds suddenly cease to be . It 's cute and all but cute does not equal sleep . I got a free white noise app on my iphone instead . If cute is all you 're after , then sleep sheep 's for you .
 This item was purchased for my baby girl off of our registry . We liked it initially , but after five months of use the sound machine started to malfunction . The two sounds we used most often , showers and ocean , now only play for a second after pressing the button even though the timer is set for 45 minutes . We tried changing the batteries , but it did n't help . Now , a month and a half later , the other two sounds are going out too . We were not using the sheep an excessive amount , usually only 45 minutes at night time . Occasionally she would stir after 45 minutes and we would restart it.The sound machine is now useless and the sleep sheep is just a expensive stuffed animal . We 've moved on to using a free white noise generator on the internet for bed time if she needs a little extra help falling asleep . I would n't recommend this sound machine . It is overpriced for something that only lasts a few months .
 The lamb is very cute and cuddly and little bigger than expected but my main purpose for buying the lamb was the sound machine . The sound machine is horrible , it is way too low when inside the lamb . Not worth it .
 The opening in the adult seat is larger than that of the ceramic , elongated seat that came with our toilet . It also has hard square edges vs. the curved/contoured edges of our ceramic seat . Furthermore , the `` guard '' on the child 's potty seat does still jab you in the back if you sit back against it.I would consider the attachable flip potty seats instead for about half the price of this seat.The step stool is fine if you 're looking for a plastic stool .
 I bought this bath support for my newborn , and for the first few times we used it , I loved it ! However , my infant is now almost 2 months old , and it is falling apart . The fabric is already pilling , and when I get my daughter out , there are fibers all over her body ! Talk about frustrating ... I tried washing the pillow just like the directions said , and now the padding is messed up , and the cover is falling apart even more ! If the cover was of better quality , this would have been an amazing bath pillow ! I would recommend finding a pillow with better quality fabric .
 We purchased this before our son was even born and I was so excited when I finally got to use it . After a few weeks of use though the fabric started to fall apart and look nasty . We had to go to the store and purchase a regular plastic tub when we stopped giving him sponge baths . I would recommend something else . This was a waste of money !
 The product description is for a bathtub but the picture is for a head support - come on Amazon !
 The product was nice but I have sent two notices to you that I was billed twice for this item and I want some satisfaction from you concerning this . Please look up my 2 emails and send me some kind of notice as to whether or not you are going to take care of this . Karen Elliott
 I had this pump for less than a month and it stopped pumping ?? No reason . . Of course you are not supposed to return to store so I had to call the company and they kept on telling me to do the same thing clean the valve and I had done that numerous times and finally they sent me another valve and they said that that was the problem which clearly that was not the problem !! So then they finally offered to replace it but I had to ship them certain parts and they would not even pay for shipping and it took sooo long my milk supply is gone !!!! How terrible is that !!!!
 I am a RN and I bought this item because it was affordable . It works well but the problem that I have is the breast shields . I bought the double pump and the breast shields are the same -- made out of a rubbery material and they have indentations all around the shield . At every indentation , you get a bruise -LRB- sort of like a hickey -RRB- and they all hurt . I use the Medela breast pumps at worka and they are pain-free as well as fast and quiet , which this pump is not . I have since purchased a medela pump and I love it .
 I bought this pump months before my son was born because I could not afford to pay almost $ 300 for the Medella . I had a manual Medella pump when my daughter was born and did not want to go manual again.When I returned home from giving birth to my son , he stopped latching on well , so I pulled out my new electric pump and went to work . It was great . I could adjust the suction , and my breasts were healing from my son 's poor nursing . I was even getting out 5-6oz of milk from each breast . The whole process took about 20-30 minutes.After 2 months of constant use , 4 times a day , one day last week the suction would not work . The motor was running but no suction . I took all the washable parts off again and put them back on 6 times , before it started working again . But then it also pulled some milk down the hose , luckly it did not go into the motor.Now when I use it , the suction is not as strong or as efficient . It now takes an hour or more to pump the same amount of milk I had been getting . And it still does n't have anough suction to completly empty my breasts . When I finish pumping I have to express the remaining milk maually.I am going to call the company , I really hope they make this right .
 After delivering my baby 15 weeks early I had no time for reading reviews and had to make a quick breast pump purchase . This pump caused a lot of pain . The design of the cups is terrible . After pumping I would have a pattern around my nipple that resembled a flower . After 2 days of pumping I noticed that I was loosing all of the skin around my nipple and the pain was getting worse . I had the pump for less than 1 week when I noticed I was pumping a lot less milk . I thought maybe it was me , maybe my milk was drying up . I tried the pump again the next day and it wouldnt work at all . After speaking to a lactation specialist , I learned that a lot of people have complained about this pump . I returned the pump and got a pump from the hospital . Now everything is going much better .
 I GOT A MEDELA SINGLE PUMP FOR MY SHOWER AND DECIDED TO RETURN IT AND USE THE EXTRA MONEY THAT I WOULD SAVE BY BUYING THIS PUMP FOR SOME OF THE OTHER THINGS ON MY REGISTRY . BIG MISTAKE . TOTALLY UNABLE TO USE THIS PUMP AS THE BREAST SHIELDS ARE WAY TO SMALL FOR MY NIPPLES , AND IT IS EXTREMELY PAINFUL . I CALLED THE NUMBER FOR THE SHIELDS THAT ARE N'T TEXTURED AND THEY SENT ME OUT THE TEXTURED ONES RIGHT AWAY SO NEEDLESS TO SAY I AM NOT IMPRESSED . WENT OUT AND BOUGHT ANOTHER PRODUCT BY FIRST YEARS THAT I HAD USED WITH PREVIOUS CHILDREN AND THE QUALITY HAD GONE DOWN ON THOSE AS WELL . SO NOW I HAVE TO RENT A MEDELA LACTINA IN ORDER TO PUMP EFFECTIVELY . I FEEL LIKE FIRST YEARS OWES ME SOMETHING BUT NOBODY THERE WANTS TO HELP ME !!!!
 DO NOT BUY THIS PUMP !!!!!!!!!!! I originally bought this pump because of the price and it appeared to be durable . I work full time and had to go back to work when my daughter was only 6 weeks old . I started testing it out when she was about 2 weeks old . My second time using the pump it broke , milk was getting in the air hose . Called the 800 # and they sent me new parts the next day . 2 1/2 months later it broke again , no suction . My boyfriend eventually got it working again . A week later it broke again . Called the # and after explaining the problem about 15 times the woman said she could n't understand what I was explaining so she just sent me a bunch of parts . A month later and it broke for a 4th time . Called the # and demanded either a complete refund or a brand new pump . Was told I would have to wait for a postage paid sticker , then send in my pump , have it examined , then they would send me a new one . I told them absolutely not and after arguing with a rep and a manger for almost an hour I was told I would have it the next morning ... 2 days later it finally showed up . I had to go buy a manual pump in the mean time -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- and called to get reimbursed . I was told by the manager that because their 's was a quality pump , most women do n't breastfeed past 30 days , and that I should have had a manual pump anyway that she would not reimburse me . I told her a quality pump is not one that you spend $ 100 on and have it break 4 times in 4 months . Needless to say I returned the new , unopened pump to the store and am now shoping for a `` quality '' pump . For now I 'll stick with my new Avent ISIS . It 's easier to use anyway , I get more milk with it , it 's not bulky and awkward , it 's QUIET , and it can go in the dishwasher !!!!!
 I bought this pump after much research on the Internet . After I had my daughter , the nurses at the hospital told me that the only brand that is good for the mother 's body is Medela . I never actually used this pump . I took it back right away and purchased a Medela from the hospital . I 'm not sure how it is everywhere but the pump is cheaper at the hospital and they do n't charge tax . My cousin did use this pump -LRB- she bought one too -RRB- . She went back to work after her maternity leave and had a hard time expressing enough milk . I have no idea if this was because of her or the pump but after she bought a Medela she had no problems . I hope this helps .
 I bought this pump before I asked a lactation consultant to recomend one . It somewhat worked but it was extremely painful . I could express just as much just as fast with the Avent hand pump . I was actually brused from the ` easy comfort ' pump !! My lactation consultant said she would not recomend this pump because everyone she knew that used it had a similar experience . I sent it back !
 I bought this pump before I asked a lactation consultant to recomend one . It somewhat worked but it was extremely painful . I could express just as much just as fast with the Avent hand pump . I was actually brused from the ` easy comfort ' pump !! My lactation consultant said she would not recomend this pump because everyone she knew that used it had a similar experience . I sent it back !
 My son was born 2weeks ago , prematurely , is still in the NICU , & unable to eat by mouth yet . So I appreciate the convenience of the bag - not needing to be near an outlet to use , the built-in thermal compartment to hold my milk , & storage for the parts of the pump.However , I find the pump itself absolutely frustrating . I hate that the suction cup , its shaft , & the bottles are frosted so you cant see if you 're aligned properly or if you 're even getting anything out.The handle swivels all around , so once you 're actually aligned you lose the suction & have to start all over . After 8 months of a hard pregnancy , emergency c-section , & NICU trauma , you do n't feel like fighting with a pump . You want to see what you 're doing & see results .
 I read all the reviews on this pump and everyone said that it was good and worth the money . So I regisitered for it and got it at my baby shower . I have been using it for the last 3 months and it does nothing for me . I only pump an oz or two . At first I thought it was just me , but then I thought maybe I will try another pump just to see . The other pump worked so much better . I do not recommend this pump to anyone . It is SO NOT WORTH IT ! I would say spend a little bit more money on a better pump you will be happy that you did .
 I bought this pump thinking that it sounded good for the price . I was n't planning on using it everyday , but wanted to pump frequently so that my hubby could also feed my baby . However , after I purchased it , I learned that no bottles can be purchased to pump directly into , so you must use the containers as pump only and then transfer to the bottles . Also , they only came with a couple of containers , so you ca n't even store the milk in them ideally . If you wanted to , the lids do n't fit easily on the containers . I wrote the company to try to return the pump before I ever used it , but they would not take it back . After using it , I was even more disappointed . It did express milk , but it took a long while to get alittle milk . The shields are flexible and difficult to keep centered on the breast . Also , the oval indentations in the shields leave red marks on the breasts after pumping . This pump also added to my nipple soreness . I ended up renting a hospital grade pump to get my breasts healed , and ultimately , buying a Medela pump in addition to this pump . I guess I will just trash this one ...
 It is the most horrible waste of money ! I never spent money that I was more sorry about ! It worked for about 1 week and then lost all suction . I do n't even use it that often , just 2-3 times a week but I just want to throw it in the garbage every time I touch it ! I 'm thinking to write to the company to ask them about this scam and how I can get at least some $ $ $ back .
 When I needed this pump the most , in the middle of the night with sore nipples , it did not produce . I ended up giving my 5 day old formula . I tried the next day and the next few days to use this pump . It is completely useless , it did not express any milk . I ended up buying a medela , much better . Now I know . . you get what you pay for . Just go for the medela , forget about this pump .
 I had received the easy comfort DOUBLE breast pump as a gift . A week later the suction cup lost it 's shape . After a week of using the replacement cup , the whole machine broke . I 'm not sure why it did break but there was no suction coming from the pump . I gave up and bought a manual pump , that was my best friend . Not only was it compact , but it made less noise then this thing . If your looking for a good pump , get a manual one , it is more work but at least your not paying I think it was over $ 170.00 -LRB- at the time -RRB- for something that will break and can not find replacement parts for online . Who the heck has time to call their toll free number , be on hold for however long on minimal sleep . Ca n't waste my time like that .
 The pump quit working after one use . A complete waste of money and time .
 I own one of this first year -LRB- ... -RRB- pump.I used it at work so I can continue -LRB- ... -RRB- beeding after back to work . For 8 months it was ok , but one day after I finish pumping oneside , all of sudden the switch stop working . I called the service , they told me to that I have to buy a new one because the warrnty only limited wintin 90 days . The first year 's -LRB- ... -RRB- pump wo n't last the first year . What kind of quality is that?Not just the issue of cost , I have to take a leave from work while one -LRB- ... -RRB- is leaking and go shopping for an other -LRB- ... -RRB- pump . It 's not worth to go through the trouble . I suggest everyone to buy other brand with better quality or with better warranty even the price is higher .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . I bought this pump since it seemed to have good reviews and the price was right . I should of spent the extra money and bought a Medula . When I first used it I loved the pump . Then after only 3 weeks the pump lost suction , I called the company they told me to boil the breast shield and it should work , it did for that day . The next day I boiled the shield and it did not make a difference I still had no suction and the motor was working fine . Of course it was a saturday and the customer service office was closed . Since I soley express and bottle feed I had to go buy another pump because they dont sell replacement shields in the store . Called the 1/800 number on Monday , they said they would ship new breast shield out immediatly , that was two weeks ago . I have called three times inquiring about the replacement shield and all they tell me is that i should receive it any day . After buying two pumps I could have bought the Medula .
 After much review , my daughter decided to add this pump to her baby registry since she only planned on pumping occasionally.But , during the second use , the pump just stopped working right in the middle of pumping and would not restart . She also noticed that the pump was difficult to use since the suction kept breaking . It was also very loud . Luckily , Baby 's R US exchanged this pump and let her upgraded to the Pump N Style and she loves it . Its much easier to use and it has a larger motor which is necessary even for the occasional pumper . It is , of coarse , a bigger investment but if you want a reliable breast pump consider making the investment .
 I thought this pump would be a good buy ! I had a hospital grade pump and knew I would eventually need to buy a better pump . I got the Evenflow Single Pump from my shower and I did n't want to rely on that for my pumping needs . I thought by getting this one I did n't have to shell out more money for the Medela Pump and boy was I wrong!I was so excited to try this pump that when I was finished there were welts on my breasts ! I thought it was the speed so I lowered it for the other side and the same thing happened ! Of course the box tells you to call the 800 number before returning it , well , I called the number and they automatically hung up on me and said
 Save yourselfe the hassle i bought this and after three months of only pumping once a day the thing broke so I went and bought an ameeda purly yours and I love it ! it is quiet and small this thing was massive ! anyway spend the extra 100.00 and buy a good pump !
 I purchased the First Years Natural Comfort Double Electric / Battery breast pump and it lost suction after using it once a day for only three weeks . The box recommends this product for full time use , so it should have lasted longer . I called customer service and they are sending me another motor free of charge , but I 've been without a pump for about two weeks now and my milk supply in the freezer is running low ! Also , the breast shields cut into your nipple and leave marks around your areola -LRB- when the suction is actually working ! -RRB- . Also , alot of precious milk leaks out of the breast shields when you are done pumping and remove the shields from your breasts . This product is horrible ! Plus , you ca n't get your money back or return it to the store . I 've decided to purchase the Medela Pump in Style Advanced , which I should have done in the first place ! Do n't waste your money on any of this company 's breast pumps . Put your money toward a Medela .
 I bought this pump to save money and the lactation consultant at the hospital told me to return it . Stubbornly I kept it . It would only pump a few drops of milk and was very painful . They should take these off the market - it 's that bad , pay the extra and get a medela . Especially if you pump at least once a day , even a medela hand pump is more effective and comfortable . With my medela pump I can get 4-8 ounces in a few minute comfortably , also you can attach Dr Brown bottles to their pump . First years pump will make you cry , especially bad if you are just learning how to breastfeed etc. .
 I did some extensive research on pumps while I was pregnant knowing that my maternity leave was going to be short . When my son was born , he had difficulty latching on and I started to pump everything for him . Within a week the pump was suctioning but not pulling any milk . At first I thought it was me , until I tried a manual pump and expressed 6 oz in 15 minutes.We called the company and they told us to boil the parts again and see if that helped . It worked for 2 oz and then quit again . Called the company again and they said they would ship new pieces to us since it must be a problem with the seal . However , they would not express ship and we had to wait 8 days for the parts . In the meantime , we rented a Medela from the hospital.At this point , I wish we had just rented to begin with . I was so engorged while trying to figure out the pump problem and lost some of my milk supply . Not to mention the stress of thinking something was wrong with me that I could not feed my baby!While it was working it worked well , but that was only for a little while and the company was def . not as responsive as I would hope a company who helps provide food for infants would be .
 I brought this product after reading the reviews from this website . I wished I NEVER brought this pump because it only comes with one breast shield and if you have large nipples then it will be very painful to use . I stopped using the pump after one day and called the company line . I was told there is no guarantee that the shield will fit every woman , however if they would have stated that the pump comes with only one shield and does not fit women with larger than average nipples , I would not have wasted my time OR MONEY !
 New Mom , New at breastfeeding . Was beyond worried when after pumping for 20-30 minutes at a drip , drip , drip pace could only produce 2 oz . !!!!! turned the crank up as high as it would go and did n't get any extra milk , only an EXTREME soreness . the pace was maddening , especially since I 'll be back at work soon . And there is this little flapper piece that often will not fit back in securely , thus making the suction not work at all . After calling the company , they explain it happens often and to fix it you have to boil that little piece all by itself and let it cool . I did this and it did fit back in , but I think it 's a ridiculous inconvenience . the extra sleeves that fit onto bottle tops did not fit onto my bottles -LRB- airvent bottles -RRB- so that added `` convenience '' did not even apply.It is fairly quiet and the bag is discreet , probably the only pluses I 'd give this product.After talking to a lactation consultant , she told me that it was taking so long because of the quality of this pump , and that I could possibly damage my nipples with it ! She recommended medela as the best at the next cheapest price . In retrospect I should have known better , what a waste of 80.00 ! I 'm going to `` bite the bullet '' and make the investment in the medela product and see how that goes .
 I was so excited to try my new breast pump only to be sorely disappointed . After using this pump for only a few minutes I had huge red welts on my breast . The suction was not that good and hardly expressed any milk . On the second use milk was pulled into the vaccuum hose even though I followed all of the instructions and made sure all parts were clean . I called First Years customer service and they said they would be happy to send a replacement hose and valve . However when I asked how long it would take to get them I was informed that the items were on BACKORDER and would take A FEW WEEKS to come in ! It was sugested that I could purchase a manual pump to use in the mean time - not quite the answer I wanted . The parts finally came in and when I tried to use the pump again it would not work at all !!! I took the pump back to the store , explained to them that I had only used it twice and it stopped working . After having to speak with a manager I was given a store credit and purchased the MEDELA ADVANCED PUMP IN STYLE . What a difference !!! This pump is a bit more expensive but you get what you pay for - save yourself time and frustration and purchase a MEDELA !
 I did my research and this breast pump appeared to be the best value . It is affordable , however , I was not pleased with the product performance at all . The pump is easy enough to use , but the pump is so slow ! It took me an hour -LRB- sometimes longer -RRB- just to pump 4 ounces of milk ! The pump is also very noisy and the storage containers are quite small . After a week of use , the product would n't work -LRB- the vacuum tubing was n't working properly -RRB- . I ended up buying the Medela Pump-in-Style . It is more expensive , yes , but I found the product to be a lifesaver . I could pump two breasts at a time , fill two 5 ounce storage containers and be done in 20 minutes or less . Plus , it was n't as noisy .
 I have The First Years Manual pump and it was the best thing . So I thought , this would make my life even easier . I have twin girls and was trying to build up a supply so my husband would be able to help me feed them . My letdown took forever with this pump . My nipple would hurt so bad with the shield it came with -LRB- Too small -RRB- . If you have even average size breasts -LRB- which most women do after giving birth -RRB- your nipple will not fit into this shield . This pump took over 15 minutes to pump 4 ounces , wheres as I could use the manual pump for 15 minutes and have 6 - 8 ounces and no sore nipples ! Bottom line , save your money by buying the manual pump or invest in a higher end pump .
 I was very excited about the price of this pump , but you get what you pay for . It is very simple and restricted in function . The suction is very slow and does not pump a good amount of breast milk . Also , the piece inside the collection bottle kept falling into the breast milk while I was pumping . I now have the Medela Pump in Style Advance and it is awsome . It is more expensive but if you want to pump enough to feed your baby while at work , it is worth the money .
 I bought this breast pump right at the birth of my son , and used it twice a day for 7 weeks . All of a sudden , the suction no longer worked on the `` flex-shield '' attachment . So , we took it back to BabiesRUs . They replaced it , no charge . The 2nd machine 's `` flex-shield '' only lasted TWO DAYS before losing its suction ! I am extremely frustrated - `` The First Years '' said that they would send me another attachment for correct suction , but I 'm not excited about continuing to use this machine . We will probably return it this weekend , and get a refund .
 The product claims to be a `` soft and gentle place '' to play . It is NOT that soft . My son has to be supervised at all times on this mat , as a fall backward or forward that lands head first from a sitting position is not absorbed well enough by the cushioning to avoid a nasty thump , tears and worries about the effects . Is n't the point of a mat with a 1 inch cushion to avoid this?I 've used other mats that have incredible cushioning , in the same 1 '' thickness as this one . On those , a hard fall is not a big deal . Not the same on this one.I ca n't see the material inside , but they could have used something better . Feels like egg-crate foam . The cushioning absorbs slow , gentle pressure easily , but hits maximum compression quickly , leading to an abrupt stop . If I put my knee or elbow down on the mat , it hurts , because I can really feel the floor underneath.Positives - Colors are great , my kid loves the texture , very portable for a big mat , relatively lightweight . Amazon said the manufacturer ships it direct , and takes 3 weeks before being shipped ... but I got it much quicker than that.Bottom Line
 I expect the padding to be of much better quality for the price . It 's too soft and does n't cushion fall well . Even when I kneel/sit on it , my knees/bums still feel like they 're on hard floor without any cushioining , and my baby still screams whenever she accidentally falls on it -LRB- even a `` gentle '' fall like falling from standing to a sitting position -RRB- . A much cheaper foam mat would give your child better cushioning against a fall , not to mention that a foam mat is not `` spongy '' and pillowy like this , definitely better for babies who are learning to crawl and walk . The only good thing is that it 's easy to clean and durable enough to be put outdoor . But the benefit , to me , is nowhere near its price tag .
 I HAVE HAD THIS PUMP FOR ABOUT A MONTH . IN THE BEGINNING IT WAS GREAT . BUT ABOUT 2 WEEKS AFTER I BOUGHT IT I STARTED HAVING PROBLEMS . I HAVE THE SAME COMPLAINTS AS THE OTHERS . ITS EXTREMELY NOISY . IT DOES N'T HAVE THE SAME SUCTION ON BOTH SIDES . IT LOSES SUCTION WHILE PUMPING . THE BREAST CUPS LEAK BECAUSE OF THE LOSE OF SUCTION . THE MOTOR SOMETIMES SOUNDS LIKE ITS GOING TO QUIT . IN THE BEGINNING IT EMPTIED MY BREASTS AND I PUMPED A LOT OF MILK . BUT NOW IT 'S NOT EMPTYING MY BREASTS . READ THE BAD REVIEWS !!!! I WONDER IF THE GOOD REVIEWS ARE FROM PEOPLE WHO HAVE HAD THIS PUMP FOR A SHORT TIME AND HAVE N'T USED IT ENOUGH . SPEND THE MONEY AND GET A GOOD PUMP LIKE MEDELA OR AMEDA . YOU CAN ALWAYS SELL IT USED ON EBAY AND GET SOME OF YOUR MONEY BACK .
 I bought this pump because the price was right , but my intentions told me that I shouldnt have . Intentions were right as they ususally are . The case is very heavy and to carry around a diaper bag , a baby , and this pump is virtually impossible . Also the bottles do not stay attached to the sucking apparatus , the suction cups seem to be too small for my breasts , the milk leakes out of the cups , at first the sucking power was too much and quite painful , now one side sucks harder than the other which makes even pumping very difficult , and I have yet to find a storage set that will fit . Im willing to believe that maybe I just got a `` bad egg '' but if all `` eggs '' are like mine DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . My son was stuck in the hospital for a month after he was born and during that time I was able to use the hospital pumps with Medala attachements . They worked great . ... Over all this was a very disappointing and frustrating experience .
 This is probably ok for very rare pumping , but not for much else . The cycling is n't enough to keep up a supply while working during the day for us . I have found the Avent hand pump much more effective , and much quiter . The Whittlestone Expresser has been even better - not as much harsh suction as the pumps and more suckling like my baby !
 This pump is quite painful to use . I 'm away from my baby 4 evenings a week and have to pump . One side pumps harder than the other , and in order to get any milk out of the side that pumps less , you have to turn up the suction which almost makes me cry . It 's also very loud . I was pumping in the lactation room at the hospital where I work , and another mom -LRB- armed with her Medela -RRB- commented that she heard the pump down the hall and wondered what the noise was . I hate using this thing . I wish I 'd spent a little more money , done more research , and bought a Medela .
 This pump works very well as many reviews have said , but unfortunately not for very long , mine keeps getting condensation in the air hose and shortly after it breaks , this is my third one , the only reason I still have it despite its unpredictability is Babies R Us took it back with the receipt .
 The suction is so hard it is painful and frustrating . I hated the thought of having to pump . I had an unexpected cesarean section which left my middle section swollen . Using the `` bar attachment '' they supply to allow you to use one hand was nearly impossible . I now have the Medela and LOVE IT ! It is so much more comfortable and efficient.I do have to say that when I called the company to express my dissatisfaction they offered to refund my money , no questions asked . That is great customer service . I wished I would have read the reviews first before I registered for this pump . All I can say is spend the extra money and save yourself the pain and headache down the road . If you cant afford the Medela , rent it , it is worth the money .
 This pump worked fine for 2 mo. , then suddenly quick working from the wall plug . It still took the 4 D batteries -LRB- and drained them quickly -RRB- as a power supply for a while longer then died all together . I think the problem was condensation in the hose -LRB- as another reviewer complained -RRB- , but the real flaw is in the design that would make it so easy to ruin the motor . BabiesRUs was wonderful to take mine back and I bought the medela equivalent . I have been absolutely sold on the medela line and would urge everyone to shell out the extra bucks for a quality pump that will last .
 After returning the first pump I went to use the second one and the motor broke . The manufacturer said they would send me a replacement . I said absolutely not and requested a refund . There I was engorged and in pain with a crying infant . Please spend the money on a Medela . It is not worth saving money if you are going to have to spend time and effort attempting to get your refund . Also , do what I did n't do
 I totally agree with all the prior negative reviews . I had the same problems with unequal suction . The containers they provided to store the milk do not fit the lids properly and therefore the milk leaked . My pump quit working completely just after the 90 day warranty had past , so there went the $ 150 pump down the drain . The pump was so loud that I had to pump in another room with the door closed so I would n't wake the baby . I am very disappointed with the pump .
 This is the worst pump I have ever used . I have used 2 pumps before this one so I know how to use them . The suction really hurts and you can barely express any milk . Listen to these reviews when thinking about your purchase and do n't waste your money . It is a lot better to save up and get the Medela pump . That works excellently . When I called the customer service they were rude and basically told me I was stuck with the pump because i recieved it as a present and did n't have the receipt . I will never buy anything from this company again .
 Never , ever again !!! Reasons :1 -RRB- It does not pump both sides with the same intensity . I purchased the double pump to save myself some time and ended up not being able to pump both sides at once .2 -RRB- Bottles hardly ever remain in place while pumping .3 -RRB- The pump is so noisy , it gives me headache every time I use it -LRB- the last thing a new mom needs ! -RRB- This pump is going back to the store/manufacturer , as soon as the new one arrives from ANOTHER manufacturer.Good luck to all brave enough to purchase and use this product !
 Although this pump is half the price as its competitors , IT IS NOT WORTH IT . I am only getting 3-4oz for 20min of pumping . It is painful to use , the breast pieces leak , the bottles do not always stay attached and my suction cable broke at the base , and one side is stronger than the other . It has not helped me maintain my supply while away from my baby 40 + hours a week . Might be good for occasional use but not for someone who works full time outside of the home .
 My daughter had a hard time breast feeding so I bought this pump because I still wanted her on breastmilk and I heard that this one was less expensive then the others . I should have read the reviews on it first . After a month it lost almost all suction and it would n't pump any milk out . -LRB- ... -RRB- I would not recommend this pump to anyone unless you want to waste you money !!!
 Well , I guess I should feel lucky because after readying the reviews , apparently I got more use out of this pump than other moms ! It worked just fine for four months , then one side stopped working , now the whole pump has stopped working . I ca n't take it back to the store because it was purchased 7 months ago -LRB- I had it for three months before I started using it when I went back to work -RRB- . And The First Years wo n't take it back because it 's over the 90-day warranty . 90 days -- they only guarantee their products for three months !?!? I 'm disgusted with the product and disgusted with the company 's short warranty period .
 I had problems when my baby first came home . Thought this pump would save us time when pumping . . Ended up spending more money . Yes costumer srvice was helpful in fixing my pump to start with but then it would hurt to pump . Once I figured out how to get it to express my milk . But it hurt so bad that i could n't stand to use it at all . . Save your money ...
 I bought it from Wal-Mart , and no one had told me before hand to test the motor before buying an electric pump . I tried it out at home and the motor did n't even work . Wal-Mart would n't let me take it back , so I called the company , and they basically said I should have tested it before I bought it . Now I 'm out of alot of money . SO I bought a Medela and have n't had any problems with that one .
 I was very disappointed with this pump . The suction power is very low . I follow all the instruction in the book , but it did n't make a difference . I would n't recommend this pump to anyone . It was very frustrating and a waste of time .
 The first thing I noticed is that my babies name was smudged before I even opened it . When I opened it the two crowns at the top fell apart ! The ribbon is also shorter then I thought it would be .
 it does n't fit out eddie bauer car seat we bought from sears . We did however receive prompt response on making a return .
 Although in the description of the item , it states that it is compatible with Eddie Bauer Car seats , it was not compatible with my Eddie Bauer Trail Hiker travel system car seat . So if you are trying to find a base compatible with that system , do not buy this one .
 My husband and I were very disappointed when we received this , and it did not fit our Eddie Bauer Trailmaker car seat . It had said it fits all Eddie Bauer models but it does not . If you have the trail maker travel system , then the base we found that does fit is a safety first model at Babies-R-Us .
 this base is not compatible with our eddie bauer sytem . thankfully amazon makes returns easy . also , it is much more flimsy than the base that came with the actual eddie bauer system . i am always a bargain shopper , but this is one instance where it backfired . spend the few extra bucks and get the eddie bauer brand base and save yourself the hassel of returns .
 Number matches the carseat , but it did not fit.There were reviews that said it would fit , but it was not safe . My engineer husband and my fireman son both tried to make it work , no luck .
 Did not even come close to fitting the carseat from the Eddie Bauer Trailmaker Sinclair travel system . Had to return it . Easy return though so that was good at least ...
 Do n't be fooled , this base will not work with any Eddie Bauer car seat . I have the trailmaker travel system and this base did n't fit the infant car seat .
 This says it fits Eddie Bauer car seats but I have the sinclair travel system and it does n't fit the car seat . It appears to be of good quality but I am very disappointed to see that it does n't fit . Even the box says it fits Eddie Bauer car seats -LRB- does n't specify which ones -RRB- .
 We spent $ 200 on this stroller only to find the only thing well designed was the ability to fold it with one hand . After that bits and pieces of it fell off all over Europe . Then the straps dont fit our son at all . At 18 months he is 3 feet and 30 pounds and if we put the shoulder straps on they wont snap and if we just put the lap belt on it doesnt keep him in . They are attached and there is no adjustment . When we contacted the manufacturer about this they told us it fits children up to 45 pounds . Thanks a lot ! Did they consider height ? Very dissapointed in this .
 From the description the Aria OH sounded like the perfect stroller for us & I thought Peg Perego were a quality make , however we are very disappointed.Pros ; Nice colour scheme.Very lightweight.Will accept other manufacturers infant car seats.Child snack tray.Good coverage from the hood although only with the seat upright.Suspension on wheels.Cons ; The Aria OH is supposed to fold with one hand , I need to use both hands & some ` jiggling ' to get it to fold.It is compatible with many infant car seats however the cup holder on the childs tray makes our Graco Snugride sit at an angle & our baby is always flopping to one side.The cupholder & various trim pieces fell off & the handle plastic is coming apart after less than a month.The basket is a great size but very difficult to access with the seat upright & almost impossible to access with the seat reclined.Despite its light weight it is not very manoeuvrable.The seat is not well padded for baby 's bottom.The ` floating ' harness is a great concept but impractical in reality.Conclusion ; Description sounds perfect but this stroller is not worth the sum of it 's parts . Wish we 'd bought a Maclaren !
 Pegperego , I was so trill when I bought this stroller . it 's very light , has nice design and color choices . But then my excitement only last for a month , after several usage , the front wheel is so hard to controlled , it goes not according to which direction we want but wherever it likes . I used to be able to control the stroller with one hand , but now , I need to lift the from part up just to get the stroller going to the direction I want . Poor design for $ 200 bug and pegperego big name ... The should take this stroller out of the market . I better used my big secure Graco product ...
 I was so excited to get this stroller for my 18 month old . I 'd been using a Graco that was just too big once I did n't need the carseat-to-stroller feature anymore . This stroller was great for a few weeks , then started to feel like it was going to fall apart ... Two weeks ago , on my daughter 's 2nd birthday , I gave it away and am back shopping the market for a stroller . Bummer .
 I received the Baby Bjorn as a shower gift , we had registered for it . When our son was big enough to ride in it , I tried to put it on but the back strap had two left buckles instead of a left and a right . No problem , I thought , I 'll call the customer service number on the box and they 'll send me a new strap . When I called I spoke with a very rude and disinterested person who told me that I had to ship the thing back to them , pay for the shipping myself , and that it would take `` a long time '' to get the replacement . I asked him , `` So , you sell a defective product and then the customer has to pay to ship it back to you for a replacement ? '' He told me that yes , that is Baby Bjorn 's policy . By the way , we have a Snugli carrier that we borrowed from my sister-in-law , which we love , and it retails for about $ 50 less . We returned the Baby Bjorn and bought a Snugli with $ $ left over .
 I love the concept but the design is not great for your baby as he or she gets heavier . My daughter is now 15 lbs . and after 10 minutes walking with her in the Bjorn , my shoulders and back really hurt . Not recommended .
 My expericence with baby carriers started with my first son , now 4 years old . My mother bought me a Sugli carrier for me when I was pregnant , I only used it a couple of times because I found it cumbersome and uncomfortable . When my son was about 7 months old I stumbled on the Attachment parenting consept and was hooked . I next bought a Rebozo , thinking they will be great becasue of the versitlity . I did NOT have the patience to learn them however , so the search was back on.I got pregnant with my youngest , also a boy , and a friend of mine let me borrow her Bjorn . It was fairly comfortable , when he was little , but by 2 months old he was to heavy for me to carry on just my shoulders . Problem , he was the biggest ` up ' baby ever . I went searching online yet again for a carrier . I found the greatest one ever.This wonderful prodcut is the New Generation Ergo Baby Carrier . It can be used from newborn all the way through Toddler hood , because it is a front carrier and a backpack in one terrific product . Plus it is about the same amount as the Bjorn.For the same amount as this carrier -LRB- the bjorn -RRB- you can get a carrier that is much more versital , can be worn on your back or on your front , worn longer , much more comfort -LRB- all the wieght is on your hips -RRB- , and the baby is carried in a much more Ergonomic way , that is proven in studys to be better for the development of hips and spine.Check them out , I promise , you wo n't be disapointed . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've tried this carrier and it really gave me a bachache after wearing it for a short time . Also the baby grows out of it very quickly . I love the ergo baby carrier -LRB- highest rated by users as testified on the baby bargins website -RRB- and am still using it with my 14 month old son . It can be used as both a front and back carrier and has a hip belt which is key ! ergobabycarrier.com-Pam
 I 'm looking for a new stroller as I have had this for 5 mths and I 've had enough of trying to steer it with two hands -LRB- impossible to steer with one hand -RRB- . The basket is not accessible so I have only used it a couple of times and when I did , objects would scrape along the ground.The harness is n't good as my daughter can wiggle and loosen them in a minute.The adjustable seat does n't sit upright enough which makes her want to get out even more.The footmuff can only be used by little ones as it seems to be too small -LRB- I tend to take off her shoes so its more comfortable -RRB- . The net drink holder has become my key and phone holder as I wounld n't dare put drinks in there.I love the adjustable handles and rain cover , though !
 Purchased as a gift from a baby registry . Both myself and the Mother-to-be was disappointed in the quality of the product but liked the pattern when we opened it at her baby shower . Not a brand I will be purchasing for future baby showers .
 My son got this as a gift for his 2nd birthday from his grandma . I picked it out because I loved the fact that it would transition with him . When I first got it I almost sent it back because I always hate when things do not arrive in the mfg. packaging . My husband assured me that it was no big deal . It also bothered me that the soft seat did n't seem to attach properly to the base . My son went potty on it right away , so I figured it was worth it . As a regular trainer chair it works great.As a toilet seat cover and a step stool combo it 's horrible . The seat cover does not have any way of attaching to the toilet seat , so it just slides around and scoots back every time he tries to get up there . To use the step stool feature you need to have some sort of anti slip pad underneath it because it does not come with that . Our wood floors cause it to slip away from the toilet . Imagine the seat cover slipping forward and the step stool slipping backwards when your child tries to get on it . It happened to my son and if I had n't been standing two feet away he would have done a face plant right into the toilet . I caught him in time.Needless to say I 'm not impressed . If you have a more round toilet seat it might work better . Ours is more oval shaped . And if you have a less slick floor the step stool may be okay as well . I 'm going to find something a little less scarey soon since my son now wants to go on the big potty .
 My daughter loves this potty . But only to take apart and scoot around the bathroom . The main problem is the seat not being latched to the base . It easily moves around and once my daughter noticed this it became a toy that she takes apart and carries into other rooms . She 's gone potty a few times on it and when she notices Mom or Dad going potty she 'll pull it out and sit on it next to us , but not for long . I tried putting the seat on our toilet and it fits with a bit of sliding around but no way for her to fall in . Perhaps I 'll try that for a bit and see how it works out . Oh another thing , the seat has crannies for pee to get stuck in that make it hard to clean . Not a plus .
 dont really like this one , it is to hard for him to get on , and the part for the boy doesnt work well . disappointed for the price .
 We purchased this item for our daughter -LRB- just shy of 2 now -RRB- so we could ease her into using the potty . It is okay but I am currently looking for something else.Pros
 I have never written a review on here before , but after my experience with this potty , I thought I should . I bought it on here after reading great reviews about this training potty . I have to say , it gets the job done and it 's small for traveling , but that 's the only good thing about it . It 's cheaply made , which is not great for my very active son who climbs on top of everything and throws everything where he can . Today , one of the handles broke off and anther broke in half , though it is still attached to the seat . It had a lot of nooks and cranies to clean , and I have had a few messes to clean up because of the urine guard as well . I have yet to use the portable seat on a real toilet so I can not tell you my experience on that , but it is a hassle because it moves around a lot , as it does not attach to the training potty base .
 I chose this potty for my son because of the good reviews . I do not like it . I 'm honestly baffled by all the great reviews now that I have this thing in front of me .1 -RRB- It is made of cheap material , feels flimsy , the grips on the bottom of the thing do nothing to keep it in place when the child sits on it .2 -RRB- It comes apart into 5 or 6 different pieces and all my son likes to do is take it apart . I did not want a potty that would turn into a toy , and this has just become like a puzzle for him , with all the different pieces .3 -RRB- It is a little big for him . He is young still but he 's a big boy for his age . I looked at one of the pictures posted and he looks about the same size as the curly haired kid reading the book , but the potty in that picture is NOT this potty ! This one is a little bigger and he ca n't get quite touch his feet on the ground , which is important .4 -RRB- And one final thing , maybe most importantly , the `` soft '' seat is not so soft . Does n't seem very comfortable to me . It 's just plastic on top of plastic ... and after my son sits on it for just a few minutes his butt has horrible red marks all over it ! Definitely not comfortable.So , overall , i 'm not impressed at all.I gave it 2 stars because ... it gets the job done I suppose , and for a child a little bit older than my son it might fit a little better . Also I really liked the idea that it was 4-in-1 . Overall though , I do not suggest getting this potty . Look elseware!It 's probably best to actually go to a store and look at them first hand , and not order online . That 's what I should have done in the first place .
 This was delivered on time but I did n't open it right away cause my son is n't old enough yet . The seat seems sturdy but the `` soft '' cover has scratchy gouges along the rim . I ca n't imagine that being comfortable for my son to sit on ...
 we decided to skip the potty and put the seat right on our seat . it slides everywhere ! he could never use it without us lifting him and placing him perfectly . otherwise his thing ends up above the front lip . the stool slides all over the floor . must place a rug beneath , how unattractive .
 My 2 1/2 old daughter likes to scoot all the way back of the seat . It 's not too much problem when she pees although she likes to look down and some pee just shoots right out . But it 's when she poops . She likes to get up and look then seat back down and smears poop all over the seat . And there are lots of parts to take to wash then dry . I am back on Amazon to look for a different one .
 I have never written a review on Amazon but after seeing all the positive reviews on this potty I felt I had to . I really do n't like this potty at all . I bought it after reading all the great reviews but now I wish I had n't without looking at it in a store first . My doctor told me to let my son play with the potty to get use to it and after take apart the tons o pieces so many times they stopped fitting back together well at all . Now the blue seat top barely sits on the potty . Its also uncomfortable for him and when he gets up his bottom has red marks from the rubber seat . Although i know a high splash guard can hurt a boy this one has NOTHING to keep the pee from going strait out and since my son has n't gotten a hold of pointing it down yet it actually scares him and he thinks he is doing something wrong , There are also so many nooks and crannys keeping it clean is a pain . I will say as a step stool to reach the sink its perfect so I gave it two stars . I am going to go shopping for a new potty today in stores where I can see it first .
 The overall product quality is poor . I am really disappointed . Toilet seat is not at all soft as published/claimed . Seat handles quality is so low that will break anytime .
 I also bought this potty based on the high ratings . I figured 85 % of 99 reviewers gave it 5 or 4 stars , so this must be the potty to buy and since I 'm a first-time potty trainer , I 'll rely on the reviews . I received this potty today , and am returning it tomorrow.The PROS
 Have been using the periwinkle bag for ~ 17 months now and it 's totally unusable . I wash w / my baby 's cloth diapers , and it would usually turn inside out in the wash . The dry cycle made the thin plastic waterproof line start to come lose . It slowly got worse , with each wash/dry cycle . And now it 's totally off , so just not a usable laundry bag -LRB- I used this bag as a hanging laundry bag , not a pail liner -RRB- . I also have the green bag and the liner seems more durable , more secure . No problems in the dry cycle . Will not be buying another of these ; some cloth diaper friends recommend Planetwise . Ca n't cinch this bag shut well enough to keep smells coming out to a minimum .
 I read all of the positive reviews on this bag , and really wanted to like it . However , I used it for 2 days and it leaked terribly ! Also , it caused a real headache in the washing machine . The bag would fill up with water but it would n't all drain out in the spin cycle , so the remaining water would drip all over my diapers , getting them too wet to throw in the dryer , and requiring me to do an extra spin cycle . What 's the point of a pail liner if it 's going to leak and cause extra work on laundry day ? Now I just throw my dipes straight into the pail , and disinfect the pail while the wash is running . So much easier than dealing with the bag . I do n't know what I 'm going to do with the bag at this point - I 'll either use it as a dry laundry bag , or return it .
 This bag is a thin material that is very much the same as the outside covers of my bumgenius - I keep it inside my diaper pail , and at first used it like I would a garbage bag like shown in the pic - folded over the pail - so I could drop dirty diapers in through my diaper pail lid . Because my poor little girl 's room smelled like pee so bad the next morning , I started pulling the draw string and stuffing the bag in the pail to try and keep the smell in , but that is not working either . It has felt a bit damp to me as well . I have a small wet happened bag I travel with that does a great job , so I think that I will look for something larger like that . For now , I spray lysol in and on the pail every morning to try and keep the smell at bay a bit . I would not suggest this bag for cloth diapers .
 I wash my diapers every two days - along with the bag . However , when I picked this up to wash it , it was very wet on the bottom . I think I 'll look for something a little more water resistant .
 I bought this dresser thinking it was a similar style to a $ 1000 one that Pottery Barn Kids carries . While the look may be similar , it stops there . Firstly , this dresser does not resemble white in any way . If antique white means ivory or cream , why do n't they just call it by either ? The size is also diminutive . The drawers are very shallow and will not accommodate a growing child or their accumulation of wardrobe . While the outside packaging seemed secure enough , the inside revealed many damaged parts . The assembly directions have to be the worst part of this dresser . The instructions very often skipped steps or assumed you had already performed the tasks necessary to connect so and so piece together . Also , the directions fail to adequately identify which piece is which - making the assembly a tedious and frustrating endeavor and I have put together many pieces . The pros of this dresser are that it is definitely better quality than your average IKEA piece . While it is still constructed of particle wood , the parts are adequately thick making it solid enough ... though certainly not comparable to Pottery Barn 's furniture . Aesthetically , it is a pretty good looking dresser .
 Baby Universe is the worst online store on the planet . I ordered this bag 4 weeks ago thru amazon , and i have yet to receive it . The customer service at baby universe is an oxymoron because all they do is give you the runaround . they have no idea what is going on , and they are n't even polite . NEVER EVER order from these people if you want your items shipped to you in a reasonable frame of time .
 These are the cutest cups on the market ... the only problem is that the first time you wash them in the dishwasher -LRB- on the top rack as recommended -RRB- , the outer plastic warps so badly that the cups no longer stand up on a surface , so you ca n't store them in your cabinets or set them on a table !! They also crack and begin to leak moisture.Then , when you contact customer service , even if you return them within the warranty period , Evenflo will only replace them with the same totally awful cups -LRB- unless of course you want to spend more money on one of their pricier products , say , a carseat -RRB- . My recommendation is to forget the Evenflo gimmicky cups and go for the good old stand-by
 This new release of Ventaire bottles has one thing to offer - NEW colors . Components such as ends , tops and vents -LRB- diaphragm that fits in the bottom -RRB- are not able to be used with the old Ventaire system . The new system appears to work as poorly as traditional bottles ... nipples collapse , lots of air bubbles/gas . We have a 26 month old and used Ventaire exclusively with wonderful results . Now our on hand supply is dwindling -LRB- we have an 8 month old , as well -RRB- and we are looking to replace some of our bottles as well as components . Quite a costly venture to have to replace our whole collection !! VERY DISAPPOINTING TWIST ON AN OTHERWISE FABULOUS PRODUCT !
 My baby is a week old now and she has the hic-up/gas . I was told by the doctor to get the bottles with the bags . When I got to the store I saw this in display and compared it to the bagged ones . The bagged ones gave me 100 bags while this is reusable . so to save money I 'd thought this would be better . I 'd brought it home sterilized it and fed milk to the baby . she was sucking and sucking . I 'd didnt see any air going in , great . Then she stopped sucking and feel asleep -LRB- she was too tired from sucking -RRB- . I 'd then checked to see how little she drank . then I realized she had nothing . I 'd sweezed the nibble , shacked it , nothing , then I 'd sucked on it myself , nothing , and I 'm a adult . Whats going on ? The set of bottles gave me stage 2 nibbles as well , I 'd tried that and it work a little better , but still very little goes through . The baby would drink 1/4 of what she usually drink per serving which isnt good , so I switched back to the regular bottle . I will go back and buy the bag ones and review that in a week . Well at least my baby didnt drink air , but the bad thing is no food either .
 Playtex Ventaire Bottles are NOT Bisphenol-A Free . The Playtex Bottles with the liners are considered ok ! I was recently informed about the use of Bisphenol - A in some brands of Baby Bottles , After re-searching Bisphenol - A , I discovered that exposing my baby to harmful chemicals with the potential for long term affects later in life , was definitely not for me !! There are other options out there , all glass bottles are safe , as well as Born Free , Mam by Sassy , Green to Grow and Adrini . The Playtex Bottles with the liners are said to be ok , though the hard plastic shell of the bottle is made using Bisphenol-A , the plastic liner that touches the baby 's milk is not ! Do your own research . I 'm really surprised that the non Bisphenol - A Free bottles have n't been recalled yet ! I 'm sure it 's just a matter of time , before enough people are educated .
 The VentAire system was a gift , but not a good one for my daughter . I had heard great things , but was disappointed with the nipples . They would always collapse on her , and so she would never get anything out of them.The Avent bottles and nipples were better for her . The nipples are a harder and wider silicone that was able to handle her sucking reflexes.Though my nephew was born premature , and these bottles have worked perfectly for him .
 These bottles are awful ! The nipples constantly collapse , stage 1 is too hard to suck and stage 2 chokes my baby . I had a pack of these and a pack of Dr. Brown 's . Sarah takes the Dr. Brown 's bottles very well , the nipples are perfect and she has no gas from those . Every time I used a VentAire for feeding , she 'd wake up an hour later with gas bubbles in her tummy . I do n't recommend these at all .
 These bottles help a bit with gas but my baby still gets gassy and burbs a lot . The major problem with them is that you have to mix the formula in a regular bottle because it will ooze out through those vent air holes . Then the formula is all bubbly so you have to let it sit for a bit and then you can finally feed the baby.The only advantage is that it helps you feed the baby in a more upright position because of how the bottle is titled.I highly recommend regular gerber bottles . They are much cheaper and way better !!! That is what my mom used with me and the formula flows out nicely .
 My foster baby went through many kids of bottles as he was very anti-eating . I bought these thinking he would n't have to stop to let air in once he finally would get started . He got NOTHING ! I even grabbed another bottle , filled it with water and tried . I could n't get ANYTHING ! I know someone who use them and she said you have to be careful because many of them do n't work ~ she had to keep taking them back and exchanging them until she got a few that did work . Well that is more than I care to do . One of my 6 worked properly and once I put it through the dishwasher it was no good . I threw them all in the trash because I did n't want any other baby to have to scream and cry out of frustration by being teased by a bottle .
 I was looking forward to these bottles and what a disappointment !!! First of all you ca n't use them in a bottle warmer so you have to warm up the formula by other means and then put formula back into bottle . Second of all they do leak !!!!!! I have followed instructions to the T - making sure all the parts are dry and making sure vent is in properly and without fail twice a day I am cleaning the top shelf to my fridge from formula running everywhere . Too many parts to worry about . A new mom just has enough to worry about without fighting with these constantly for one reason or another . I am returning two other packages of these I have and going back to the Gerber bottles I had when my daughter was little . The fact that the bottoms come off of these opens up the risk of a host of other problems . I would not recommend these bottles to anyone . I have `` worked '' with them for two weeks-I 'm done !!!!!!!!
 These bottles are ok if you are using them for 6 oz or less . The bottle claims to hold 9 ounces , but you can not fit 8 oz of water plus the formula into the bottle . Unless you mix your formula in another container , these are useless for a baby drinking more than 6 ounces . The bottles occasionally leak ... but that 's not the major issue . I was using Born-Free glass bottles which I loved-until i broke 2 of the 9 oz bottles . For my second I will probably use the Born-Free plastic ones .
 My baby was having trouble with gas and spitting up so I decided to try these bottles . The first time I tried feeding him he was screaming because he could n't get anything out of the nipple . I even tried sucking on it myself and could barely get anything out of it . How is a little baby supposed to ? I thought maybe the nipples were defective so I poked a bigger hole in the . Big mistake . The bottle did n't work at all and bubbled really bad . I tried to go to size 2 nipples to solve the problem and they flowed to fast . Also if you plan on filling a bottle and taking it somewhere they leak out of the bottom terribly . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE . After spending $ 25 on these bottles I only ended up having to buy Dr Browns . Which I love !
 I bought these bottles to use to supplement my baby 's breastfeeding . I thought that the special design would be a help to gas problems associated with bottle-feeding . My child cried for hours when I tried to give her these bottles . At first I thought she was having difficulty transistioning over to bottle-feeding , but I discovered that the nipples would not release any milk to my baby . I tried to fix the nipple , but it still took her 2 hours to take one ounce of milk ! Do n't do this to your child ... it is horrible to hear them scream for hours . I went back and purchased Avent bottles ... she took them from the first moment .
 If you own these bottles please pay close attention to the little vent holes/slits in the bottom disc . I was just washing my bottles and was horrified to realize that there was a black mold like substance in the slits . I wash them better than they recommend , I hand wash and boil all the pieces . So why is there mold forming in the slits ? I 'm getting rid of all these germ infested bottles and going to buy a better designed bottle . Oh ... they do n't prevent air bubbles any better than any other brand . Just do n't waste your money on them .
 When I read about this design I thought it was a great idea and I thought that I would be really satisfied . I was not ! The Bottles have 5 pieces -LRB- most bottles only have 3 pieces -RRB- , that need to be disassembled to clean and after doing 8-10 bottles a day it becomes too much . The discs on the bottom kept getting stuck and the only way to fix it was to unscrew the cap and re reseat it . My daughter -LRB- 2and a half months when she started bottle feeding -RRB- , is a really picky eater and when her feeding is interrupted she has a hard time concentrating and getting focused again . The bottles being angled did not seem to make a difference either . Also , the size of the nipple holes was a problem as well . The stage one is tiny and the stage two is huge . There is really a large difference . My daughter would get frustrated with the stage one and could not handle a stage two . I bought cheap Gerber plastic bottles and they work so much better ! Their nipple hole sizes are great too ! The only good news is that I called the company and asked for a refund and they are supposed to be sending me a check .
 These bottles were recommended to me by a friend who really loved them , and said that there would be considerable less gas for my baby ... Well I did n't find that to be the case ! Not only did my baby have gas -LRB- which makes for a very unhappy baby and in turn unhappy parents -RRB- she was more unhappy because the nipples made it so difficult for her to get anything from the bottle . I read the reviews about this product and I tried some of the suggestions on how to make the nipples work , and a few of my own , but I still was very unhappy with these bottles . So I tried the Playtex drop in ones and I am much much happier ! You do have to burp the bottles -LRB- they have a bottle with a slide on it to help make it easier to burp the bottle -RRB- , which does take a second or two longer then other bottles , but I find it well worth it . My daughter has SIGNIFICANTLY less gas and sometimes none at all . They only thing my husband and I do not like about the Playtex bottles is it is difficult to tell how many ounces the baby has drank since the bottle collapses .
 I bought these bottles because they were highly recommended by my sister who has 3 youngsters . My son did HORRIBLE ON THEM ! He would be so gassy at times he would scream in pain for hours.-The `` vent '' DOES NOT let air into the bottle so the baby has to release the nipple to let air in so they can keep drinking.-you can not use electric bottle warmers-Assembly UGH ! - Pricey !! DOUBLE UGH !!!! I gave EVERY vent air bottle to my sister , my son does GREAT on the disposable bottle liners , no gas , no fussing , HAPPY baby !
 I did not like these bottles at all . You can not use a sterilizer or a bottle warmer with them . -LRB- Of course , it does n't say that on the outside of the package -- you have to buy them and open them to find that out ! -RRB- When I would warm them in a glass of water , it was impossible to get them completely dry at the bottom , and the water would leak all over the baby . They were hard to clean . The nipples were also awful . My son would suck like crazy and get very little liquid out of them . We switched to the Evenflo Comfi bottles , which were much cheaper to buy and a whole lot easier to use . My son does not have a lot of gas with them .
 I have purchased around twenty-one ventaire bottles . My son had reflux and these seemed to work well with him . However , the reason for purchasing the large quantity of bottles was to be able to prepare bottles ahead of time . I can not . These bottles constantly leak . When you pay $ 8.00 for a 32 ounce bottle of formula you want it to go to your baby - not on the counter ! I am very frustrated that a company would not have designed the vents better and made them more accessible for the consumer to purchase additional vents .
 I received these bottles for a shower gift and when I took them out of the box it says in the directions they ca n't be used in a bottle warmer . If you do warm them , by some other means , you have to take the nipple out to do so . I do n't know about anyone else but the bottle warmer I feel is going to be a godsend and to have a bottle that I ca n't use in the warmer ! I am returning these -LRB- ... -RRB- bottles .
 These are terrible . You ca n't heat them up on the stove because the bottom can melt and the nipples either do n't let enough out or let to much out !!! Waste of time !! my son does best on cheap bottles with evenflo silicone nipples !!!!
 these bottles are terrible ... buy dr. browns ! I wasted so much money on these ! My daughter could not get enough formula , the nipples had to be cut -LRB- other friends of mine have had to do this as well -RRB- and they leak . It was a nightmare .
 I really wanted to like this bottle . The shape is great and seemed like it would make feeding easier ... we are about to take a long road trip and wanted an angled bottle that would make it easier to feed our son in his car seat if we did n't have a safe place to pull over . We have , unfortunately , been very disappointed . The Stage 1 nipple is too slow for our 14-week-old . The Stage 2 nipple is way too fast . The nipple collapses easily and the bottle leaks frequently . Also , the size , shape , and flow of the nipple would make it very difficult to switch between breastfeeding and bottle . We primarily breastfeed but pump-and-bottle-feed regularly ; in doing so , we 've tried an assortment of bottles -- just about everything but Dr. Brown 's -- and our little one has done great with all of them . This is the ONLY bottle which he absolutely hates !
 These bottles add frustration to feeding any baby . They did n't let any milk out !! I tried everything and they would not work , I had to keep unscrewing the bottom to let in air so she could get milk out . I tried every bottle and ended up with avent , very easy to use .
 I gave these bottles every possible chance with my son . They just do n't work for him . The nipples either collapse -LRB- I have never heated them in the microwave -RRB- or he just ca n't get any milk out . Maybe I should try the stage 2 nipple but I 'm just too disappointed at this point . I thought if I gave him a week to develop a stronger sucking reflex then he could use them better . I was wrong !!! And the extra time cleaning them is a hassle and what new mom needs that ?
 Like every new mom , I was unsure what type of bottle to use . I bought the gift set . I used the bottles for about a month . It did help with air intake but was horrible in every other way . The seal at the bottom never sealed right . I boiled them every week like recommended . Everytime I fed my daughter , formula would leak . I started to use the normal Evenflo bottles like my mom used . They work great . My daughter is now 5 months old and has less problems with gas now then when she was younger . Due to the bottle , I do n't know . But I think these bottles are a waste of money !
 I was n't happy using these bottles at all . As many others said it takes time for your baby to adjust to the nipples but I do n't recommend using the stage 1 nipple . It needs to have a bigger opening for a faster flow . Also a few times the nipple collapsed and then I had to take apart the bottle and stretch the vent . These bottles definitely require a lot of work . -LRB- just read the other reviews about cleaning -RRB- Im currently using Avent bottles that are able to be used with a bottle warmer and do n't require a lot of work . : -RRB-
 These bottles mean well but they do not work . Out of a 3 pack we only had one nipple that worked at all and even then it took forever for my baby to take even 1/2 an ounce . He was getting so exhausted trying to get formula that he would fall asleep before he was finished eating . I read the reviews on these bottles and saw that others were having troubles . They recommended Dr. Brown 's and so I rushed out to buy them . They have been a miracle . My son is now eating his full amount of formula in 1/4 of the time it was taking with the other bottles . I feel like he was practically starving with the VentAire system . Get Dr. Brown 's and you will have happier feedings . Trust me !
 After our son was born , we experimented with several styles and brands of bottles to determine which were most compatible with him . Playtex VentAire 's promise to reduce gas and fussiness sounded great ... until I actually used them for a few days ! I can not think of anything positive about these bottles , and I agree with many of the points posted by other reviewers : * The bottles are a pain to assemble -LRB- especially when a new parent is sleep deprived -RRB- , and easily susceptible to leaking . * They are a pain to wash -LRB- and the small pieces can get lost in the sink easily -RRB- . * They are impossible to heat with a bottle warmer . * The 1st stage nipples release liquid far too slowly . * The 2nd stage nipples are FAR too fast.My biggest complaint about these bottles is that the nipples are designed to be VERY long and thin , and therefore have the potential to go deep into a newborn 's mouth/throat , which caused my son to gag ! I experienced a couple of instances where my son was incredibly eager to eat and would vigorously suck the bottle , took in too much nipple , and then gagged and vomited!We eventually decided that Avent 's Naturally bottles were best suited for our needs
 I started my son on the Playtex disposable nursers , and then switched to the Ventairs , because it got a little expensive buying the liners all the time . The ventairs worked well , and my son liked them , however you have to keep replacing the bottles , because over time mildew starts collecting in the holes on the disks . I went back to the Playtex disposable nursers , he does just fine with those too . Overall , the ventairs are a good bottle , but you have to keep a close eye on the disks ...
 After an hour of being in the store staring at the aisle of bottles and reading the packages I thought these bottles would be the best for my first baby -LRB- what little did I know ! -RRB- . After about a week and a half of frustrated feedings , I switched to Platex Nurser Drop Ins . The VentAire nipples constantly collapsed . The stage 1 nipples were way too slow and my daughter just sucked and got nothing . The stage 2 nipples were way too fast and she choked all the time . Once on the Platex Nurser for 2 feedings she was doing much better , less gassy and such a happy baby !
 I 'm surprised to read any good reviews on the VentAire bottles ! I had the worst problems with these bottles . I read some of the recent reviews and I boiled the nipples and vent piece for 5 minutes and still had problems with nipples collapsing , milk not coming out and leaking ! When you have a newborn baby and you 're trying to feed him/her every three hours , these problems should not be occuring !! A problem with a bottle should not even exist ! I never even thought to look at the reviews before I bought them because who would have thought a bottle would be a problem ! My baby would get so tired from me messing with these bottles trying to get them to work that she 'd fall asleep before finishing her feeding , which would then mess up her whole sleep/eating schedule . It sounds to me like it does n't happen all the time , but who wants to even mess with it ! I would recommend Dr. Brown 's ! I switched to Dr. Brown 's and have never had a problem with the bottles or my baby having gas , etc. . .
 We bought these bottles because of the advertisements in all my pregnancy magazines that said how great they are . Unfortunately , we did not read the reviews because I would have found out how terrible they really are!The slow flow nipple is so slow it was taking an hour to feed my daughter 3 oz . of formula . The fast flow nipple was so fast she would choke . There is not a happy medium . You ca n't make the hole bigger in the slow flow nipple because it is silicone and will tear and boiling does n't make the fast flow hole smaller.The bottles have 5 pieces and are a pain to clean . Also , you can not use a bottle warmer to heat them up because of the silicone bottom piece.We did have a couple of leaks , but this was because the bottles were not assembled properly ... another downfall of having 5 pieces !!! We ended up using the playtex disposables and have not had one problem . There is a variety of nipple shapes and flow speeds . We are very happy with them and would highly recommend them instead .
 I bought this system for my son because I was looking for a very low flow nipple to help prevent his gas . The primary problem with this system is the vent
 I bought 8 of these bottles for my daughter before she was born , and received 3 more as gifts . I HATE them because the rubber bottom pieces leak ! One of the bottles leaked from the very first time I used it . FIVE more began leaking this week . . and my daughter in only 2 1/2 months old ! I called the company to make a complaint , and to see if I could get replacements . . but nope , they said I would have to ODRER and PAY FOR replacements . I 'm sorry , but if the product is that faulty , no one should have to pay to fix their mistakes . Oh , and if you have to feed your kid one of the thicker formulas . . it barely flows out of the stage 1 nipples , and comes out of the stage 2 nipples so fast that my daughter practically chokes . So I was stuck between letting her not get enough or choking . I switched brands as fast as I could . I ADVISE EVERYONE TO STAY AWAY FROM THESE BOTTLES ! Not worth your hard-earned money !!
 I was using DR. Browns bottles but I quickly found out I needed more . So I purchased Ventaire , I was disapointed and confused by it 's design . My baby could n't get enough milk from the nipples so I went out and bought a bigger size , he still was n't satasfied . I use them for storage now . I never used other bottles besides Dr. Browns so these could be excellent ... BUT I found Dr. Browns work a lot better , are less likely to break and are around the same price .
 I agree with everyone else . The stage 1 nipple is too slow and the Stage 2 is too fast so you are left at 3am with a baby who gets frustrated because they are sucking so hard on a stage 1 that it collapses , then you have to unscrew the bottom , only to find yourself and everything around you covered in formula . I 've been alot happier with the Avent bottles . There are just too many things that can go wrong with these bottles that most moms do n't have time to troubleshoot . If it 's not the collapsing Stage 1 nipple , then it 's a leaky disk that ruins your clothes and furniture . Very disappointing product from playtex .
 I 've found the other reviews true , the nipples just did n't work for my baby . There was no milk flow . So , I switched to the playtex disposables & they work great . So , when playtex came out w / the ventaire naturals -LRB- 9oz -RRB- , reluctantly I tried those , & surprisely they work great . I 'm not sure if they improved the nipples , or if the milk flows well because it 's a stage 2 nipple.Either way they work fine . It is good they the bottom comes off for easy cleaning . I will say I have 2 friends that love this bottle , & it 's all they 've used it 's always worked well for them.So , you may just want to buy the single bottle , if you 're buying it yourself , so you wo n't waste alot of money if it does n't work for you .
 I bought these bottles instead of the avent bottles hoping the vent would truly work as advertised . I am breastfeeding my newborn so I purchased the new natural shape version . After sterilizing bottles according to directions I attempted to warm some refrigerated breast milk in warm water per directions . The water I was warming the milk with immediately became cloudy as my hard earned breast milk leaked out through the vent in the bottom . Feeling a little frustrated to have wasted 3oz of breast milk I decided to warm the milk in a seperate container then pour it into the bottle , this time the milk did n't leak out of the bottom but when I went to feed my daughter she became drenched from leaking around the nipple . I have since tried several differnt things - taking apart the bottles and reassembling to ensure tight and proper seals , switching out nipples thinking the one I was using was just defective , so on and so on . My daughter spent her first days of life in the intensive care nursery and is jaundice , her feedings are very important and I work extremely hard to provide her with the best - breast milk . These bottles cost me several wasted ounces of breast milk , I would not recommend using them - ever .
 Do not buy these bottles , or even put them on your registry . My son , who is now three months , still ca n't use these . Every time we try , the nipple collapses , so you have to unscrew the top or bottom four or five times in one 4-ounce feeding . I 'm trying to get my money back from the company right now . If you 're concerned about gas and too much spit-up and burping , use Dr. Brown 's . They 're super !
 Our first feeding with the Ventaire was a solid hour of nothing . No formula got to the baby . We called and got information not included with the set . We made the adjustments and still my 1 wk old got nothing even though sucking with all her might . Another reviewer mentioned that it took two weeks for her newborn to learn to suck differently . The customer service from Playtex said to only allow the baby to suck on the tip . What ?!! Baby 's do n't naturally do that . ... As for me , Ventaire was a waste and I am going back to the bottles that work .
 I received 2 sets of these bottles at my baby shower and loved the colors they come in and how the bottom comes off for easy cleaning but they did not work for my daughters . I gave up breastfeeding after a few weeks with my second daughter -LRB- ended up getting mastitis and she was just way too fussy and swinging her arms everywhere and her head everywhere - it was very difficult and frustrating to get her latched on -RRB- so I decided to try these bottles instead of the ones my first daughter used . I used them for about 1 1/2 months and she had worse gas problems and would spit up alot and sometimes expel it across the room a few feet and it would often take 20 - 30 minutes or more each time to just get her to burp once after every 2 ounces of formula . I guess she would have to suck so hard that the air would go really deep inside her and made her spit up ALOT and she was fussy for hours with gas problems and the mylicon drops did n't help that - it was the bottles . I considered changing her formula but first decided to try changing her bottles -LRB- I used the old ones my first daughter used - healthflow bottles with evenflo nipples -RRB- and they worked great -LRB- with both girls -RRB- ! They might get more air it the nipple but I just pull it out of her mouth every few minutes to relieve the air out and she burps much better and does n't have the gas problems anymore and is much calmer now and does n't spit up nearly as much . Maybe it was just my kids but these bottles did n't work for either of them -LRB- I had one of these bottles with my first also and she did n't like it either -RRB- . But I love the way they come apart for thorough cleaning and I love all the different colors . I say try them for yourself and see how they work . Both of my girls have a strong sucking reflex and these did not work for them .
 I never felt like this bottle was sterile . I could scrub every other part of the bottle but the bottom vent part always seemed like there was `` something '' in it . I had great success with the Avent bottle and the Playtex bottle after I quit breastfeeding . I only had one Avent bottle that leaked and the company replaced it for me.I do n't recommend this product . Once the bottle is disassembled and clean and sterile it is n't so easy to reassemble and like another review , it has to be all dry . It seemed too cumbersome to put all the pieces together especially when I had a crying baby . Often we both got soaked because the bottom was n't quite right . It does seem like a good idea but I was n't pleased with the actual function . My baby still had gas .
 These bottles looked attractive at first , but we learned quickly that they are no good . We have had problems with the flow over and over as our baby struggled during feedings . Needless to say , baby was not very happy after these meals .
 I used these bottles for a few months with my son -LRB- when he was 3 to 5 months old -RRB- . I found that if I did not clean them immediately -LRB- I live in NYC and am often out for the entire day and leave a dirty bottle in a diaper bag for several hours -RRB- mold grew in places that were very difficult to clean . When my mother took care of my son , she did clean them immediately , and still found the mold . Cleaning the ventaire contraption on the bottle felt like being at a facial and having my pores popped to cleanse the grime and filth -LRB- and if you miss one pore/vent hole in the bottle , how gross -RRB- - you need to actually pop each hole to clean out the crud - this absolutely repulsed me . Also , it you use powdered formula , the opening of the bottle is very small , and the powder spills easily . I now use the Avent Naturally bottles , and think that they are great . It took my son longer to finish eating , but he had much less gas than with the Ventaire . I have no idea why so many other people like these bottles - do not buy them !!!
 I like the bottles but they allowed my son to eat too quickly . If you have a newborn I suggest using something that you can control the amount of formula in the nipple -LRB- we switched to Avent on the advice of a lactation consultant -RRB- .
 I thought these were the best bottles , so I registered for them for my baby shower . I got 2 packs and while preparing for our daughter 's arrival , I read the package insert . You can not use these bottles in a warmer AND when making the bottles you have to prepare the formula in a different container , then pour it into the VentAire bottle THEN wait for the bubbles to settle before feeding your baby . It definitely does n't help when you have to take the time to fix the formula in another container , warm it up and then place it in the VentAire and wait some more . Not great when your newborn is screaming at 3am for a bottle . I 'd rather buy something that I can make in 1 container and warm . This bottle makes sure you have more dishes to wash in the end . I 'm sure it 's a great bottle but it 's unneccesary for all of the steps you have to go through before feeding your child .
 I used these bottles for my son and when you wash them you have to take out the plastic thing to clean it . . Well if you do n't put that plastic thing in just perfectly it WELL leak . . So it would always be leaking when I would pour the formula into the bottle . .
 I bought this bottle as a first time parent after reading positive reviews thinking that this bottle would cause less gassiness , spit up , etc. . . in my baby and did I think wrong . Using the 1st stage nipple , my baby was just sucking air and not getting anything over the course of at least 30 minutes into a feeding and with the 2nd stage nipple , the bottle was empty in less than 10 minutes with half the formula all over my baby 's bib because it was coming out too fast for my baby to swallow ! Plus , they are a pain in the neck to clean and put together . FIRST TIME PARENTS
 These could n't be heated with a bottle warmer , leaked , were hard to get suction going , caught so much air that the milk looked like it was cappicino froth , and our baby had so much gas with them . She would get frustrated trying to eat because it took so long . Now with the Dr. Brown bottles she eats faster and has much less gas . Plus you can see there is no froth . We are much happier !
 These bottles work no differently than plain old fashioned Gerber bottles . IF YOU ARE A NEW MOM DO NOT GET THESE . You have enough to worry about . You do n't need to be worrying about putting these bottles together ... they DO leak at the bottom if you do n't assemble just right ! Also the nipples ARE impossible to get formula from . I have been using gerber nipples instead and the bottles work just fine !
 These are the worst bottles I 've used yet . I am a new mother and the last thing I needed was to hassle with a bottle . These are supposed to reduce air and they let just as much air in as regular bottles , that is when you can even get anything to come out of the nipple ! Playtex wanted me to try to squeeze the nipple as if I had n't already tried that ! Nothing I tried worked , we still could n't get formula out of the bottle . The other problem was sterilizing , you 're not supposed to boil the bottle , I have no dishwasher and the instructions say not to steam the bottle either ! So what are you supposed to do to sterilize them ? These bottles have too many parts to deal with , I 'm through and sending them back .
 Do n't waste your time or money on these bottles . I hated these bottles . You must buy the Ventaire nipples only , which my daughter did not like . -LRB- We used the Nuk Nipples , They are wonderful ! -RRB- and the bottom was just more trouble that it was worth . Where your baby is scream because she is hungry the good old plain Gerber bottles are still the best . There is no assembly work needed . Just pour and serve !
 After one washing , the venting disk keeps falling out , rendering the bottle useless . The disk is fully dried , stretched , etc. , but it just wo n't stick . I feel cheated and refuse to spend hours to try to repair a cheap piece of plastic .
 My newborn would n't take this bottle . I was pumping and trying to feed out of the bottle so I could go out , and he just would n't take it . The nipple is a terrible design , nothing like my nipple . It is very hard and a unatural design . I bought the medela brand instead , which he took right away . I would not recommend this bottle to anyone .
 These bottles were only ok for my 4 month old son . I do n't know that I noticed a big enough change in him spitting up to make it worth it . There is to many little pieces to take apart and clean after each feeding , it takes enough time to clean normal bottles !!! I suggest if your baby is formula fed to use ENFAMIL LIPIL AR . This has reduced his spit up fits by at least 60 %
 these bottles are not worth the money . . they are so complicated to put together and they always leak . my daughter could not drink one bottle without spilling the formula out of the sides . please think about using another bottle , I suggest dr browns , i threw away all my ventaire once i purchased the dr browns bottles &#62; they are definitely the best on the market .
 After reading the reviews of these bottles , I decided to go ahead and give them a try . After all , almost every review I had read was a good one . My excitement of a new product to help reduce gas and fussiness turned to disappointment quickly . I had the same problem as another reviewer . The nipples would constantly collapse when my son was feeding , and it would take him FOREVER to eat . After contacting Playtex , they instructed me to try a larger size nipple -LRB- my son is 2 months old , but we were still trying the stage 1 nipple -RRB- and to also make sure that the vents were completely dry before using them . They stated the moisture left after washing can sometimes cause the silicone to stick together , and to also stretch out the vent before feeding . So we bought the stage 2 nipple and followed their instructions hoping for better results . Wrong again . It still took incredibly too long for my son to finish eating . We had to open the bottle to release the vaccuum seal that had occured from his sucking . So we decided to switch to the Playtex Premium Nurser and have not had a problem since . I would strongly suggest only buying one of these bottles to see how satisfied with the product you are before buying the whole set .
 We bought these thinking about the gas problem . My son had horrible gas for the first few months . We used these for a few months and finally threw them away . They do not work and its a pain in the butt to put them together for nothing . So we went and got the New Traditions Nursers with the 3 different nipples . The wide nipples keep the air out and I love em . I highly reccomend them . DO NOT BUY THE VENTAIRE !
 These bottles were great at first , but later discovered a major flaw . Somehow a vacuum forms at times and my baby is unable to suck milk out of the bottle . I would have to unscrew the bottle every once in a while in order to release pressure . I 'm sure this was incredibly frustrating for my hungry baby .
 We bought these bottles for our newborn ... what a nightmare ! The first time we tried to feed her with them , she tried to eat for 10 minutes and was getting very frustrated , so I check the nipple and nothing was coming out ! After cracking the hole on the nipple open , we tried again . After a while , the bottle created such a vacuum , that the nipple started to colapse , so I constantly had to unscrew the bottom , since that side was up , to allow more are to get inside . After all of that , I tried rolling the bottom ` vent ' portions to hopfully crack those seals open a little ... it helped a little , but she still was getting so frustrated and exhausted ! I tried the stage 2 nipples and the flow was so fast that she kept choking . After all of that , I returned them and bought the Playtex Premium disposable Nursers and the Avent disposables . The avent nipples were too long ... but she LOVES the Playtex Premium Nursers !
 These bottles are a pain and a waste !! Either they do n't allow food to flow at all , or they leak all over you . I found it impossible to get the pieces situated properly - i.e. to get them to work as advertised . This is the last thing you want to be dealing with at 4 am .
 These bottles were a gift to me at my baby shower , and sounded great at the beginning . With a newborn , the 6 different parts are a pain . My son could n't get anything out of the stage 1 , from the first day home we have used stage two . Now that he is five months old , they leak horrible . I do n't suggest these bottles , start your baby on a different bottle so you do n't have to try and figure these out down the road
 I got these for my baby and they were horrible . Nothing was coming out . So what is supposed to reduce air GAVE HIM THE WORSE CASE OF GAS .
 We thought these bottles would make our 4 week old son have less gas . They are attractive and very easy to clean . However , they have been the most irritating bottles I 've ever used ! The stage 1 nipples come with virtually no hole so you have to poke larger holes in them . Not only that but the nipples collapse . I would have to unscrew the top in the middle of the feeding to release the suction so my son could get some formula out . He seemed to work so hard at trying to eat that he would get tired and fall asleep making it hard to burp him and resulting in him not eating enough . He would then want to eat more a short time later . I eventually threw all of the stage one nipples out and packed the bottles away . Hopefully they will work better when the baby is a little older . If you want a good bottle , buy the Dr. Brown 's .
 Like many of the other reviewers here I tried these because my son was spitting up a lot . With the Stage 1 nipples he would n't get anything out and end up getting so frustrated that he was nearly inconsolable . With the Stage 2 nipples the milk came out so fast that he choked . They need a Stage 1 1/2 nipple . I did n't use them long enough to see if they leaked or not . Very frustrating product . I solved his spitting up problem by using the orthodontic nipple by Medela .
 We have been using these bottles along with the Dr. Brown 's bottles with our 3-week-old . Several nights ago she started spitting up a lot and getting fussy while feeding with the Playtex Ventaire . The problem ? The bottles were n't venting properly . Because the vent is at the bottom , it needs to be completely dry in order to work , otherwise it will stick and not vent . Our bad for not drying them well enough after washing and before before assembling them , but we decided to switch exclusuvely to the Dr. Brown 's because they are also made to vent , but via the tube in the middle . No spit-up or fussiness since we stopped using the Ventaire . Good concept , but requires extra effort on your part .
 I chose these for my first child because my close friend was using them with her daughter and they did n't seem to have any leak problems . At first , I did n't either . Not difficult to figure out how to assemble or anything . No problems.However , I was soon dissapointed ... of course , only after I bought more of this brand.After 2-3 weeks the numbers came off the bottles so you had to eye the measurements.My son is still at 6 oz , but if he ever gets 8 oz I do n't know how I 'm going to easily fill these bottles as the 8 oz line is very close to the nipple despite the 9 oz bottle measurement.The bottles WILL randomly leak . It 's usually at inconvienant times like in the middle of the grocery store or while they are filled with water in your diaper bag . Considering I found another brand that had a solid bottom that gave my son no issues , that was a serious PITA.I have no clue when he 'll ever need the fast flow nipples . He 's a big eater but at 7 mo whenever he tries the fast nipples -LRB- or I accidently put them on -RRB- he spills milk everywhere.I ca n't say I did n't get my use out of them but I wo n't buy these again .
 Attempted to feed my three month old daughter with these bottles , it was a very disappointing outcome . It is simply not compatible with my bottle warmer , and my daughter was sucking so hard to get her milk , I thought she was going to starve . The only purpose it served was to make it a more comfortable hold for feeding , and that was about it . Maybe I will try to use these bottle when my daughter is older and wants to have juice or water .
 I received these as a gift and they do keep the gas to a minimum except the nipples keep the milk from flowing at a reasonable rate -- it 's either too slow -LRB- which takes 45 minutes for my baby to finish or he does n't finish a bottle at all or they flow so fast that my baby chokes -RRB- . He now knows when he 's being fed with those nipples and cries unless I change the nipple . Luckily , regular nipples work on these bottles .
 Our 12 week old became so frustrated while using these bottles because the nipples would constantly collapse . The directions instruct you not to use an electric warmer or sterilizer . With a total of 6 parts per bottle cleaning , warming and sterilizing are completely inconvenient . I 'd suggest buying an individual bottle to try it out first . In our case , these bottles were n't worth the money .
 These bottles are awful . The nipple holes were too small and my son could not get anything out of them . He worked so hard to eat that he fell asleep because he was so tired from sucking and not getting any food .
 I read about these bottles in a magazine and bought them to use for my newborn daughter . For my first child , I used the Dr. Brown 's bottles and loved them ; though I did not like washing the extra pieces . Since the concept here was similar and there were n't so many pieces to the bottle , I thought I 'd try them . Big mistake ! I tried them for 4 days . It took over an hour just to give her a bottle each time with this system . On the fourth day , 4 of the six nipples collapsed ! It was ridiculous . A six pound newborn should not be able to do that to any nipple - never mind after only 4 days . Do n't waste your money . I went back to the old reliable Dr Brown 's bottles . They are the best and I decided that she was more than worth the few extra minutes it required to clean them .
 I had received and bought many of these playtex bottles before my daughter was born . Lesson , try a bottle and nipple first . I have wasted about $ 60.00 dollars on these bottles . I have a whole cabinet full and they are not being used . The nipples collapse terrible , I had to pull it out of her mouth every few sips and inflate it , also , a very weak flow . My daughter eats a lot and fast , she could ` nt be satisfied with these bottles even when she was a newborn . Very dissapointed and a waste of a lot of money .
 I originally had planned to breastfeed my son , so i had n't given too much thought into buying bottles . However , in my eighth month of pregnancy , I developed a blood clot . My ob told me that I would no longer be able to breastfeed because I would have to be on blood thinners for the next six months and that breastmilk would n't be safe for my son . I called my pediatrician and he reccommended the Ventaire bottles because they reduce gas and colic and '' are the best bottles out there '' So , I bought the bottles and the stage 1 nipples and prepared them exactly the way the instructions said to . I boiled the nipples and the bottom vents , then I checked to make sure the nipples were opened and had to boil about half of them for a second time , but that was no biggie . I dried them and put them away to await my son 's arrival . The night my son came home from the hospital , I get a bottle out to feed him ... he could n't get anything out of the nipple . For the life of me , I could n't feed him with the bottles . I tried taking a needle to make the holes bigger , but that did n't help . I ended up having to take the bottom off the bottles just so my son could eat ! The next day , I prepared the stage 2 nipples and thought that I would try that . He could n't get anything out of that one either ! He sucked and sucked and just got mad because he could n't eat ! I even tried to poke the holes of the vents out , but nothing helped . I even thought that I was tightening the bottoms on too tight but loosening them did n't help . I had to go buy new bottles for him because nothing I did got them to work . The sad part is , the bottles that work the best for him are the cheapest ones that I could find because I was n't going to spend the money on another bottle that would n't work for him ! I hate these bottles and I would n't reccommend them to anyone !
 I truly should have read the reviews before purchasing these bottles . They are HORRIBLE !! I absolutely agree that the stage 1 nipples are almost impossible for the baby to get any milk . The stage 2 nipple is even worse for a newborn because of the fast flow . Unfortunately there is no in-between . Another problem we experienced is milk leaking out . I 'm sure with practice we could eventually figure it out but with caring for a newborn who has the time to try and figure it out ? We switched to the gerber bottle set for newborns , works much better !
 I registered for these bottles I am a new mom and thought the variety was great . We used the stage one nipple and my son was able to suck down his formula with no problem infact way to quick . He would struggle with feeding time . He was so gassy and had horrible reflux , that during feeding he would arch his back stffin his body and cry . I did have a recommendation to switch to the Dr. Brown bottles which made a huge diffrence . However , he was still spiting up and still a little gassy just not as bad and it was managable , their stage 1 nipples were to small and the stage two were to big . We had gone on a camping trip and I bought the Playtex disposable bottles for easier cleaning . I also had done some research on these bottles and found several people liked them better then the Dr. Brown . So I tried them and my son is doing much better he dose n't even spit up anymore . So if you like the ventair I think you would like the disposable much better . My sons Dr. wanted to put him on an antacid but I was not comfortable with giving him medication at such a young age I wanted to see if I could solve the problem , which I have done completly with the Playtex disposable bottles !
 I used these bottles for 4 days . They were the worst 4 days I have ever had . It took my daughter 45 min . to eat 1 or 2 ounces . She fussed the whole 4 days . Nothing barely came out of the nipple . I tried the stage 2 nipple thinking she could get more . Well , she did get more but most ended up on her than in her mouth . I had bought so many of these bottles and had to buy new . My husband and I decided to try nursers . Our daughter has been so much happier . She has not fussed since we switched her over .
 I got this set of bottles for my son when he was born , being attracted to the `` less bubbles '' slogan it sells . But it actually ended up being more of a hassle than anything else . The nipples would always collapse , which meant you either had to take the bottle out -LRB- always good to do to a hungry infant -RRB- and release the seal from the top , or try to be coordinated enough to unscrew the bottom portion , while keeping the bottle in the baby 's mouth . Not only this , but as time went by , I found that no matter how much I cleaned the bottles , a very fine film seemed to develop . I ended up switching to the playtex nurser system with the disposable liners . Much better
 My mom started buying me these bottles when my son was about four months old because she liked how they looked and the ones we were using were allowing him to swallow too much air . I tried them for awhile , but they quickly grew old with me . They constantly leaked and he swallowed way too much air . He got colic and was very crabby at night time after his feedings . I tossed out these bottles and went out and bought Mr. Brown 's bottles instead . Those are a God sent item . I love them and that 's all we use . My son , now 6 months old , sleeps all night , hardly ever spits up , is n't colicy anymore and never swallows air . You do n't even see air in the milk because of the built in air ventilation tube . They require more cleaning , but your baby will be so much happier .
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that this product contains BPA / Bisphenol A. I returned mine . Pacifiers , bottles , breast pumps can have BPA in them as well such as the AVENT products that I returned . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 your having a new baby chances are , so why make more work for yourself than you need to ? these bottles are junk ! i thought they would work well because they have the vent in the bottle . . NO WAY . . they leaked everywhere . . some would , some wouldnt . . then the little plastic piece in the bottle , you have to put it in the bottle right or the bottle will leak . it got all over my son . after the third time trying to feed him with the bottle , i brought them all back and got the avent bottles . those are wonderful , no leaking , just put the nipple on and feed ... im glad i brough them back . theres too much cleaning with these bottles , too many parts . . these bottles are almost sure to bug the heck out of you , if not . . lucky you !
 I did not like these bottles at all . They leak all the time . I followed the directions for use , and they still leak . Also , the Stage 1 nipples flow EXTREMELY slow . I had to make the holes a little bigger so my son would get enough milk . I feel that these are poorly designed . There are definately better options out there .
 I think that the idea of putting holes in the bottom of a bottle is the worst idea ! These bottles will leak everywhere ! After spending 15 minutes trying to express breast milk this bottle suddenly sprung a leak and the milk when all over the floor . Save yourself clean up time and get something else .
 I bought these bottles for my 6 month old baby . I hate them ! They leak , and the bottom of the bottle does not fit properly . I would recommed not getting these , they are WASTE OF TIME !
 The Good : -- comfortable to hold -- easy to clean -- seem to reduce gas better than reg . bottlesThe Bad : -- measurements washed off after just 1 week -LRB- hand washed too -RRB- -- leaked -- other bottles seemed better at reducing gas -LRB- born free -RRB- for similar cost
 I thought that these would be great , but could never get them to work right . Sometimes they would flow sometimes not . I would have to take the bottom off to make it work and then remember to put it back on after using them or dump it all over . To many pieces , to much trouble , I would be upset and my baby would be also ! Switched to Avent and loving it !
 These bottles leak after a few months and it 's hard to find new parts for the botttom of the bottle . You almost have to buy more bottles to get new parts when they leak .
 My son had a very hard time using the Stage 1 nipples , so at 3 days old he was using Stage 2 . They 're a hassle to put together let alone get clean if you sleepily leave any formula or breastmilk in the overnight -LRB- and if you 're a normal , tired mom , you will -RRB- . I did notice that he was a little less gassy when he used these bottles , but there really was n't that much of a difference . I ended up buying a stock of Nuby bottles with medium flow teether nipples and a few Playtex Insulator bottles . If you 're going to buy expensive bottles and do n't want the hassle , buy Insulator bottles or Avent Vias . Insulators and Avent Vias have the breastfeeder nipples and they make it easier to switch back and forth .
 I agree with all the others out there , the Stage 1 nipple is way too slow ! Tried the Stage 2 , but the flow was too fast for my baby , she seemed to be choking . Would not recommend these to others and will not use for my next baby .
 These bottles were awful . They leaked often and required a lot of work to put together . One wrong move and they either leaked right away or several hours later in the refrigerator . If you had the time to dedicate , fine , but if you have a screaming baby in the middle of the night , not good at all . I was thrilled when I threw them all in the garbage .
 DO NOT BUY THESE BOTTLES !!! Why is n't there a choice for zero stars ? I registered for these bottles because they were the cheaper bottle suggested by my lactation consultant -LRB- the first choice being Avent -RRB- . They were awful ! My son would scream when I would give him this bottle and I noticed that after quite a bit of sucking , the level of milk was not decreasing . I then tried to suck the milk out myself with no luck ! Like some of the other moms , I too used a needle to create a hole -LRB- even though it says not to in the directions -RRB- . This was a temporary fix , although I assume it was at the detriment of it 's gas-lowering properties . Guess what I did next ?!? I returned those suckers and spent the extra money for the Avent bottles , which my son -LRB- now 9 mos -RRB- is * still * using with the sippy cup attachment .
 I thought that the ventair bottles were a great idea to keep the air out of the bottles . I was totally wrong . My daughter could not get anything out of the nipples , which made for a really fussy baby . I then tried a stage 2 nipple , and that was too much , which caused my daughter to spit up entirely too much , everytime she ate . I also did n't like how if you do n't have the bottom rubber piece in the bottle exactly right , they leak . Making bottles was such a hassle . I ended up giving them away and buying the good `` old fashioned '' evenflo bottles . They work great , and no fussy baby !!
 I do n't know if I like these or not . I have several and have been using them since my son was born four months ago.The formula does n't come out the way all of the books say it 's supposed to , about a drop per second . Actually , nothing comes out unless you milk the nipple , or more obviously , if the baby is sucking on it . I did try using the second stage nipple and the formula comes out far to fast and my son wo n't have anything to do with it at this point ... perhaps when he 's older he can handle the rate of flow for the stage 2 nipple.One of the design flaws is the round silicone insert that eliminates the air in the bottle . If you do n't put it in properly after washing , the formula will leak from the bottom of the bottle . It also seems that when it is in correctly , occasionally it creates some sort of seal or pressure , and the formula wo n't come out of the bottle at all.I still use them because I have them , and they do serve their purpose . However , if I had the opportunity to buy new bottles , I would definitely go with Dr. Brown 's instead .
 I got a lot of these bottles as gifts and then bought even more so we would have a good supply when we got our son home . The angled neck and concept of the gasless feeding system seemed great , but if you ca n't get any formula out of the nipple , it is pointless . We had to widen the holes -LRB- some were n't even completely opened at all -RRB- with a steak knife , and even then , the flow was too slow for our son . The biggest problem comes in because the flow is faster the closer to the nipple hole the baby drinks , but most babies suck towards the back of the nipple where it more resembles the breast . When you squeeze the back of the nipple , NOTHING comes out ! I wish we could return these for different bottles - it is our first day home from the hospital , and adding this to our day made it very frustrating . Think twice before buying a bunch of these !
 I had purchased a set of these bottles to use on road trips , thinking the angle of the bent-neck bottles would be easier for bottle-feeding my son while he was in his car seat . The Evenflo brand worked great , so I assumed all bottles with this design would . I was surprised , though , to find that the nipples kept collapsing every time my son tried to drink , & he would end up getting frustrated every time . Thinking it was a fluke -LRB- or that I was somehow doing something wrong -RRB- , I tried a few more times , but to no avail ; the nipples collapsed every time . If you have a baby with a strong suck reflex , I would n't recommend these bottles .
 when i brought these bottles , i thought i was getting something to help my baby boy with his gas problems . but i was wrong . these bottles did n't help one bit . there was still alot of air going through it and i saw alot of bubbles . i really do n't recommmend these .
 We found this bottel very difficult to use and clean . If you shake it fast to mix the formula , it starts to leak from the bottom .
 I had the same problem mentioned by other reviewers with all the air getting sucked out and the bottom disc sticking causing nipple collapse . My daughter would feed for a few minutes then start screaming and it was because she could n't get any formula , the nipple had collapsed and she was sucking her poor little brains out to get nothing !! I do n't recommend these bottles !
 I thought that these bottles were worth 5 stars until I tried the Dr. Brown 's Bottles ... The nipple on the Ventaire collapses and causes excess gas in my daughter 's belly , where as the Dr. Brown 's does not ... If you want a good bottle go for the Dr. Brown 's pass up the Ventaire ...
 My husband and I bought these thinking they would be a great way to prevent bottle-related issues like gas and be a cost effective alternative to the nurser-type bottles . I decided to switch to nursers instead for these reasons : - Too many parts to wash and put together - Potential to leak - Can not use a bottle warm to heat - With the potential to leak and lack of ability to use a bottle warmer , premaking bottles is out of the question . - The neck is too small -LRB- with this particular version , I wish I had seen the wide neck ones first -RRB- which makes pouring formula powder into the bottle tricky at best . - Nipples do n't flow right . I needed to poke the holes open wider otherwise nothing came out . - A vaccum can be created . For whatever reason almost every other time when I put the bottles together a vaccum is created and I need to remove the bottom of the bottle for my son to be able to drink
 I started nursing my baby and had to switch to formula , so I tried these bottles . My baby seemed to be spitting up quite a bit , so I thought they would help . I read the instructions and followed them to a T. My baby could n't get anything out of the bottle , so I tried myself . The baby -LRB- or you -RRB- have to & quot ; bite & quot ; the end of the nipple to release fluid . I called Playtex , and they said that to make the nipple work , your baby should only use the tip of the nipple , not the rounded area closest to the bottle.To me , this is a little backwards , since I just spent all this time teaching my newborn not to take just the end of the nipple . I 'm not quite sure how you teach a 5-week old baby to & quot ; bite ! & quot ; Needless to say , if your baby has nursed , it may be hard for him to figure these out . I simply use other bottle nipples with the bottles I could n't return .
 These bottles really do require a lot of care . I really do n't think they make much of a difference in my daughter 's gassiness . And ... they do leak after time . If I had it to do over , I would register for the Avent bottles .
 I used these bottles 4 years ago and they were wonderful . I had a baby 3 weeks ago and I have had nothing but problems with these bottles.It seems to me like my daughter is getting nothing out of them . She is sucking a lot harder to get anything and then gets very gassy . She also throws up most of her bottle at least once a day . I switched to a different brand and she hasnt thrown up since .
 I bought these Vent Aire bottles because my son has reflux , and I was led to believe that they would not swallow as much air with them . He got the same amount of air with these bottles as regular bottles -LRB- I 've tried both -RRB- . We recently switched to Playtex Nursers , and even though they 're more expensive -LRB- the liners will KILL ya -RRB- , they work WAY better if you have a child with stomach issues . In my opinion , they 're a good bottle , but not worth the money . Buy regular bottles . They work the same .
 These bottles would have been great , but you ca n't use a regular bottle warmer because of the vents on the bottom . And you ca n't microwave them , so you have to put them in a pan of warm water or warm the milk in a different bottle , then pour it in these . I do n't have time for that at 3am , so I used regular Avent bottles instead .
 I would give this product zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars if I could . I received these bottles as a shower gift , and my son could never get any milk to come from them . I tried everything -LRB- I even poked larger holes in the nipples with a toothpick -RRB- , I even tried to suck water from the bottles myself . I do n't know what the problem is , but we could never get them to work . I went out and bought the Evenflow Classic bottles -LRB- No fancy bottle or nipple -RRB- , and my son eats from them fine with no gas problems . And , for a set of 3 , the Evenflows only cost $ 2.99 . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! Stick to traditional bottles !
 My wife and I bought the VentAires when our first child was born . They appeared to be top of the line . They certainly were marketed that way and priced that way . We found the nipple flow to be way too slow and they leaked ! No one likes a leaky bottle at 3AM on a December night in New England . It is also difficult to tell if the infant/new born is actually taking the formula . We ended up donating the six VentAires that we bought to a local daycare center and bought EvenFlo bottles , which have been great -LRB- and less money -RRB- . All-in-all , we give this product a POOR grade and state , in our opinion , that they are not worth the extra money .
 I love the fact that my son takes well to these bottles . Unfortunately , they are such a nightmare to wash and assemble.I do n't have a dishwasher , so I have to hand wash each piece . I feel like my life revolves around washing , drying and assembling bottles . My son is gassy . He burps often with them , but he feeds well.Beware of the nipple not tightening properly when you screw it on . Many times I have been sprayed by an improperly fitting nipple . Also , it 's near impossible to warm this bottle up if you have cold formula . If you place it in water the bottom collects it , only to pour out when it is inverted.I give them 3 stars for my son ... I give them 1 star for myself !
 I bought these after my Avent bottles started to leak . At first they were okay , but then my son had trouble feeding from them . The flow was too slow and when I made the whole bigger it was too fast . Also you have to check every new nipple to make sure there is a hole at all ! IF you tighten the bottom too much , the baby ca n't get any milk . Whenever I used these , I kept having to stop my son from eating to make sure he was not just sucking air . Also the nipple collapes ALL THE TIME . Try the Playtex Premium Nurser . It works much better .
 I brought my newborn daughter home from the hospital yesterday excited to use my new VentAire bottles instead of the little disposable similac bottles that they give you at the hospital . BIG MISTAKE ! She struggled with the nipples hardly getting anything out of them . I tried both the stage one and two . I then tried the Evenflo Comfi that we received in out hospital bag . She loves it and I love it because I do n't have to watch my 5 day old baby struggle to eat ! I went to Babies R Us and returned the VentAires that my husband thankfully did not sterilize and bought the Evenflo Comfis . The VentAire sounded great but I am very disappointed and caution everyone who decides to use them .
 The bottle design is great but the nipple leaks a lot . I go through a couple of bibs at each feeding . When I steralize the nipples after each use , the nipples leaks even more . I hear this a lot from people who have used the product .
 The hole in the tip of the Stage One nipple split open after just 2 1/2 weeks , causing my daughter to take in too much formula . She suffered from vomiting and horrible gas pains after only a 2-oz feeding -LRB- she usually eats 5 oz -RRB- . When I checked the bottle and rinsed the nipple , it had split so far that the nipple brush went straight through ! I immediately changed back to my Avent bottle and she 's had no problems . My Avent nipples have never split , caused gas or vomiting . The air flow design of the VentAire bottle may be a great concept - but beware of the flimsy nipples .
 I like the shape of the bottle because it makes positioning the baby slightly easier during feedings . That 's it . I bought these bottles on the recommendation of three other mothers . I am very unhappy with them The stage one nipples are too slow , and the stage twos are way too fast -LRB- for a newborn -RRB- . I followed the heating directions and removed the nipple during warming , but the nipples collapsed pretty often anyway . These bottles were a very difficult transition from breast to bottle . To save the cost of buying an entire new set of bottles , I bought the Nuk nipples to replace the ones that came with the VentAirs . The Nuks are much easier to eat from . The icing on the cake is the time it takes to wash the extra parts . Of course there are only two extra , but does n't everyone feel like they are ALWAYS washing bottles anyway ? Who needs the extra parts ? My baby still has gas and spits up .
 I had heard many great things about these bottles so being a first time mom - I went and bought 10 small and 10 big . I brought my son home from the hospital very exciting about trying these out . - It 's been 2 weeks now and he still hates them . He ca n't get anything out of the nipples - and the bottom is constantly leaking - in fact they 've leaked all over the house the diaper bag . . etc. ... . Since I had about 80 $ invested in them I decided to switch nipples and bought cheap regular nipples - he can now drink them but the new nipples defeat the purpose of the Ventaire system . So after 2 weeks my son is still at his birth weight - I finally got frustrated 2 days ago and went and bought all new bottles - I chose the Dr. Brown 's - he 's doing great with them , they do n't leak , and are much easier to clean .
 WE heard these bottles were great , but boy were we in for a surprise ! After using them for a week , the vents stopped working properly-even after boiling them once a week like you 're supposed to do . WE called playtex and they had an answer for us right away-probably because others have had the same problem ??????? Well , they were very friendly ... Playtex told us to pull on the vents to open the holes before each feeding . Well , it did n't work . We had to open the bottle every few minutes during feedings to let the air out . Sucking on the nipple created a vaccuum and made the nipple collapse and nothing would come out . In tears , I went to the store and bought the playtex premium nurser with collapsable liners . MUCH BETTER ! We called playtex and told them about our situation and they sent us a refund for 8 bottles and extra nipples .
 We bought these bottles thinking they 'd help w / reducing gas . My child had a lot of gas so we wanted to prevent -LRB- as much as possible -RRB- the same from happening to my other child . This was not the case . I think no matter what bottle you use . . there will be gas . The nipples were too hard to get formula from and they would collapse . I would not poke a hole in it either . We use Evenflo Sensitive Response nipples & they work great . We found one way to reduce bubbles in this bottle is to not shake it in the bottle , but stir the formula w / a mini whisk or baby spoon . ALSO , the little rubber discs wear out VERY FAST ! We make sure they are in there good , but they still leak ! We 've been using them for 2 months only . Playtex will send 4 complimentary discs , but after that you must order them and you ca n't order over the phone . . you MUST order through an order form ! What a pain ! We spent a lot on bottles and had I known the discs would be a problem I would 've bought different bottles . I might still switch just because they are a pain to wash and also because of the disc problem . I really would n't buy these .
 If you 're trying to breastfeed -- and either getting ready for daycare by pumping and filling bottles with mother 's milk or supplementing with formula -- you do not want to get your child these bottles . The baby 's latch-on and use of the tongue -LRB- not gums -RRB- to pull down milk supply will not work on these nipples.The only way to get anything out of these bottles -LRB- both newborn and the next stage , which I bought to see if it was any better -RRB- is to BITE DOWN on the end of the nipple . OW ! What Are They Thinking ?!? After using a lactation consultant and getting a recommendation to try different nipples , we settled on the Playtex Premium Nurser set with wide-mouth bottles and silicon nipples that were shaped more like real breasts and more flexible like real skin .
 These bottles are terrible ! My son could not get a drop out of them ! I really thought that these would be the best bottle for my son , but they ended up just being a total waste of money .
 These bottles are awful . My 1 month old that breast feeds could n't even get anything out of stage 1 , and stage 2 was too fast and he was gassy and spitting up . I 'll stick with my advent thankyou !
 I bought these for my sister and she stated that the bottoms leaked . Dr. Brown 's is apparently the way to go .
 What a waste of money ! I feel had with the marketing gimick ! These were fine for about 8 months or so ! I purchased about 50 + because I have twins , and needed multiple bottles . I learned that I totally wasted my money on these as they leak all over ! I am so tired of cleaning out my fridge !!!! Do yourself a favor and purchase something else ! I am personally throwing ALL of them in the trash and starting over with something else , maybe Dr. Browns . I am expecting again in a few months and do n't need the extra aggravation of the mess to clean up and the assembly.Hope this will be useful to those contemplating these bottles .
 I can not believe how angry this product has made me , I 'm writing my first product review , I never spend the time to do this type of thing . My wife and I are arguing incredibly over these bottles . She used one this morning and said it worked , but I 've tried these bottles and even today in 2 HOURS , my baby ate less than 1/2 OZ ! My baby has reached exhaustion on these # $ % @ ^ & * !!! bottles and I believe may be at risk of losing weight . My wife wo n't exchange them because they were a gift and she does n't want to hurt her friends feelings . Additionally , my baby is crying ridiculously after feeding on these , and I believe it is due to gas . I DO N'T THINK I HAVE EVEN BEEN SO DISGUSTED WITH A PRODUCT IN MY WHOLE LIFE . The bottles we used at the hospital worked like a charm , only thing is , they were clinical bottles that can not be purchased by consumers , only the hospital uses them . AVOID THIS PRODUCT LIKE THE PLAGUE .
 I 'm a mother of a two month old . These bottles are to much work to put together . To much of a hassle . Just to keep less air in . Does it do the job for your baby to have less gas ?? I do n't think so . My baby would cry with all the gas he had!Waste of money !
 I have found that after a certain period of time all of the bottles began to leak !!! Around the bottom !! The seal just was not efficient enough even changing the disc did not help ... I had used them for about six months and then all the bottles began to leak ... The only ones I have not had leak on me arethe red ones which have different discs !!!!!! My son like them but I did not !! Way to many parts and the parts all began to leak !!! That Sucks !!!!!!!
 Nine days from MN to PA seems too long ; perhaps Target Direct got process problems . I AM NOT SATISIFIED ... got the same three pack of bottles which I bought at the same time as this gift pack at my local CVS for $ 1.50 less and did not have to wait nine days for it .
 I bought this set for my newborn boy 2 months ago . I am having several problems with these bottles . First of all , I like to steralize all feeding items such as the bottles , nipples , covers to the bottles , etc. . I steralize once every two weeks or so . After doing this , the labels on the bottles that tell you how many ounces you are using has started to fade away . Now , I can not see how many ounces of formula I am putting into the bottle so I have to measure the formula in another bottle and pour it in.I also do not like the nipples that come with these bottles . They flow way too fast , and my baby has choked on the formula because he can not swallow fast enough . Maybe it would be more appropriate for a 6 month old , but not a newborn who is still getting used to sucking and needs slow flow.The giftset also apparently does n't come with girl colors so if you have a girl you would be stuck with blue and yellow.Also , these bottles are supposed to be good go prevent the baby from drinking air bubbles , yet my son still gets bad gas and has colic.Finally , the bottles also leak.I gave this set 2 stars though , so there are some positive things I can say . First of all , cleaning is very easy . The bottoms come off so you can easily stick a bottle brush in.The bottles come in small and larger sizes for when baby starts drinking more ounces.The bottles are angled to reduce ear infections.Overall , I do not recommend these bottles .
 I would have written to Playtex but they have no option for emails , jeesh , I wonder why ... These bottles seemed like the best option in the store , for reducing gas/colic , but I am very dissapointed with them . I never expected to have all these problems with a company that is supposed to specialize in making bottles!First of all , the stage 1 nipples would not allow my son to get any formula nomatter how many times I pulled on the nipple . He was so frustrated and it would take forever to feed him , and then an hour later , he was hungry again . I felt like I was starving my baby , so we put a pin through it even though they said not to , but I had no other choice ... That worked for a few feedings , until the nipple bagan to tear.Then we used the fast flow nipple -LRB- AS PLAYTEX DOESN `` T HAVE A MEDIUM FLOW NIPPLE , only GOD knows why this is the case ... -RRB- . This one caused my son to almost choke to death , and it leaked everywhere.Finally , we switched to playschool nipples even though Playtex says that no other nipple will fit in there bottles . That worked better , as these nipples do n't collapse into the bottle like other reviewers have complained about with these bottles.I thought my nightmare was over , but then the bottoms of the bottles started to leak all over the place . I noticed that after boiling you should wait until they have cooled to put the silicone bottoms back in ... However , this only reduces the ratio of leaking bottles from all to half ! The major problem arises after I heat his bottle ... I think the silicone bottlems get too hot , and allow for the formula to slip past to the bottom , where of course , the bottoms have holes and thus leak . As far as I know , there is no stopping this unless your baby does n't mind cold bottles.The leaking bottoms are just way too aggravating for me to deal with . I will put the bottle down half way through a feeding to burp my son , and when i 'm done , I look down on my table and there is the formula leaking all over the place . I now have to tilt the bottle upside down unscrew the bottom , place the silicone bottom back in , and pray that it does n't leak again ... All doing this with one hand as my baby screams for his bottle.My son also gets stomach aches during every feeding , so I do not know if these bottles are helping much with gas/colic . I 'm going out to buy other bottles .
 We bought 4 of these bottles when our son started daycare . They worked fine for about three weeks . Then they started leaking when they were heated in a bottle warmer . When cold , the bottles did n't leak . However as soon as they were heated the silicone seal at the bottom started to leak . This happened to 3 of the 4 bottles before we stopped using them . I do n't recommend these bottles . However they were the only nipple my breastfed son would accept . So we switched to the playtex drop-ins system .
 My daughter is 6 months old now . She is breast fed when she is with me , but I have been working 3-4 days a week since she was 3 months . These bottles were too complicated , too many pieces and I was n't sure if I could boil them or not . The baby did n't go for the nipple . We ended up using the nuk nipple and regular bottles . Hope this review was helpful .
 The disks , required by this product to vent air through the bottom , very quick . I 've been searching EVERYWHERE for replacement disks - I even checked the playtexproductsinc.com site - nothing . I 'm getting desparate . Out of the 12 bottles I have , I 'm down to 6 functioning disks . The start set I bought had two extras , so that means that in 3 months time , 8 of the disks are already worn out . I discovered that to get more , you must contact Playtex by the 800 number , they will send you through e-mail or fax an order form . The completed order form must be MAILED to playtex with a certified check . . and you must wait 4 - 6 WEEKS for replacements . At the rate they wear out , I wo n't have ANY working disks by then ! I 'll be purchasing a different brand and WOULD N'T recommend this one again .
 I spent alot of money on these bottles because of all the hype they receive . I was so disappointed . The nipples collapsed constantly , my daughter could n't get anything out of the stage 1 nipples but choked on the stage 2 . The bottoms leaked on some of them , and they are a pain to clean . I personally think that a hard bottle is a hard bottle , angled or vented or whatever , gas and bubbles just happen !!!!!!
 I bought these bottles when I was pregnant thinking they would be wonderful . The bottles always leaked . I cleaned like recommended , but that did n't effect the leaking . As a new mother I did n't have time to boil bottles and try to fix the leaks . I bought the old fashion Evenflo and they were just as good . I do n't recommend this to anyone .
 I purchased these bottles because of the name brand , turns out that means nothing . The nipples have such small holes in them , I had to poke new ones and my newborn son still ca n't suck hard enough . I just use another nipple which I 'm sure completely defeats the whole purpose of the bottle . I would not recommend .
 I have had these bottles for 2 months . They were great for keeping air out , but the nipple is small . It 's great for a new born not older than a month . After that , my baby seemed to be sucking with a little more trouble . Later the bottom of the bottles started leaking as soon as I put warm milk in them . It was frustrating . I had to throw them away . There was no use in having them anymore .
 I never wanted a cheap high chair for my 7 month old son , so my mother bought me a used antique wooden chair that was in perfect condition , except it did n't have a cover . I did n't want my son to lean back and hit his head . I knew I needed a cover , so I found this navy cover thinking it would be easy to clean . Every time I put him in the chair he would slide right down to the bottom , making feeding time very difficult and uncomfortable . My child 's safety is more important than a little extra work . I will be looking for a cloth replacement .
 This car seat does not recline like the others . For a newborn it is awful . My son 's head keeps falling to the side and constantly have to hold it up . The hood of the car seat does not stay up either and keeps falling down . I would never recommend this car seat to anyone . Too much money for such a bad product .
 I really bought this car seat for the looks . I have it in orange and I think peg perego is the best looking car seat on the market . The other advantage to this car seat is that , aside from Graco , it seems to be the only brands that the high-end strollers are making adapters for . I will also give it the benefit of the doubt and assume it works well in the event of an accident although , thank God , we have n't had to test yet.That said , this is a very impractical car seat . Some of my complaints include the following :1 . There is no head support . When my baby was newborn I had to put rolled up towels around his head to keep it supported . Even now at 10 months when he falls asleep his head falls forward and he does n't seem comfortable .2 . Does n't recline back enough in my car -LRB- hence the head falling forward -RRB- .3 . The visor does n't protect from the sun completely .4 . The straps tangle easily and constantly -LRB- this one is VERY annoying -RRB- .5 . The straps do n't seem to go well above his shoulders -LRB- probably due to all the tangles -RRB- .6 . This car seat is heavy , however , I have n't really compared it in weight to any other car seat . I try not to take it out of the car that often anywore -LRB- and when I used to I attached it to the stroller -RRB- .7 . The car seat absorbs heat . My poor baby was born in the middle of the summer and he was extremely uncomfortable in the seat on hot days . In fact , I stopped using it with the stroller on hot days because he just could n't take it .8 . Fortunately , I have n't gotten it dirty that often but the cover is a pain to take off to wash .
 I purchased this carseat for my first and only child . What a nightmare !! The seat is so heavy on it 's own that when the baby is placed in it I can hardly carry it . The fabric has already started tearing and my baby is only 2 months old !! My daughters head also is always cocked to the side and wobbles all over during the drive . It is a horrible carseat that I would never recommed to anyone . I ca n't belive I paid over $ 200 dollars for a pain in the neck of a carseat .
 This car seat is absolutely horrible . I do n't understand how it is suppose to keep my little boy safe in an accident . It does not recline enough to be a safe infant car seat . My little one 's head flops over or to the side and I have to keep one hand on the steering wheel and the other one holding up his head . Which is completely unsafe . Also , the straps are not adjustable to the head rest . If you want to move the straps higher than the head rest moves up higher as well as they are connected . The Chicco has multiple strap slots . Wish this product had the same . I really wish we would have purchased a Graco -LRB- even though it 's not as cute , but it is much more comfortable and fits with the Bugaboo -RRB- or a Chicco -LRB- looks super comfortable , but it does n't go with the Bugaboo -RRB- . Please do n't buy this product . Your baby and bank account with thank you .
 this item is good looking , and go perfectly with the crib , however the color on the photo is absolutely diferentthe color of the honey oak look alamost like natural color .
 Cheap and flimsy changing table . After only about 6 months , the bottom shelf -LRB- which was used the least -RRB- fell thru and white finish started chipping . We regret not spending a little more and having something that would last at least another year . Also bear in mind that this changer is quite small , our 15 month old -LRB- petite -RRB- daughter does n't fit comfortably anymore . Would not reccomend or buy again
 When we opened the box that this table came in I immediately was struck by the peculiar smell of mildew/varnish mixture . Upon examination we found that the shelves had water marks indicating some type of water damage . The smell of the varnish was also too strong to consider keeping this item in a baby 's room .
 This is the worst product for diaper rash caused by yeast . My 6-year old sweats a lot and got a bit of a yeast infection around his groin , so I put Desitin on it to help it heal and prevent further moisture . Well , he started screaming ! I could n't get the stuff off of him fast enough . A few months later , I had a yeast infection and decided to test it out on me to see if I got the same reaction - YOWZA ! It burned so badly I was nearly frantic trying to get the stuff off . It MAY help prevent a rash , but it is NOT recommended if your child already has a rash that might be yeast-related . I feel like the worst parent on the planet for putting this stuff on my two sons when they were babies .
 Yes , this had a good review last 2007 , but I highly do n't recommend this stroller to new parents . At first , since my baby weighed 7 lbs when she was born , maneuvering this stroller was very easy until she weighed 20 lbs when she turned 1 . Not only that , the basket underneath would be hitting the wheels every time I added a thin blanket & a couple of jeans or anything that weighed slightly heavy . The wheels gave me problems when I needed to turn it . It felt like I was making a slight detour when something extra was being added in that small basket . It worked well when I did n't have anything in it . So I ended up buying those hooks you connect on the handles so I could get some help carrying my stuff when I shop around . The only thing I liked about this stroller is that i can have the baby face away from the sun without putting any extra blanket over the stroller . I also liked this stroller because the baby can face me and we 'd see each other while I 'm in a long line at the grocery store or library . Being bulky is acceptable for us because we have a van . But if you have a small car , it will take over the whole space in your car . Pls . research more on a better stroller than this . Good luck !
 I received the 2006 model of this stroller for my baby shower . I has read good reviews on it and thought it was more attractive than your run-of-the-mill Graco stroller , and less expensive than the trendy Bugaboo . I am so dissappointed with the quality of this stroller , however . The main problem I have with it is that no matter what I do this stroller veers to the left when strolling . This make the stroller IMPOSSIBLE to use . I literally have used this stoller less than 5 times and I 've had it for a year . Everytime I try to use it I get so frusterated that I want to just throw the stroller away . Please do not waste your money on this product .
 After hearing everyone talk about this stroller , my wife and I went and tested at a local baby store . We we 're excited , and so we ended up buying this stroller for our first born son . Wow , it turned out to be a huge mistake . After 3 months , we ended giving it to the salvation army and buying a Bugaboo Frog instead.The reason we bought it was like everyone else . We kept asking ourselves is the bugaboo really worth that cost ? Our intial answer was no , we did n't think the Bugaboo was worht the cost , so that lead us to the Bumbleride . But after our frustration with the bumbleride , I have to say that I now regret our inital decision . Buying the Bumbleride was money wasted.Pros
 We were very disappointed with this product . Perhaps it would work better if you screwed it into the wall , but we wanted one that worked by tension . It took longer than expected to install , and once it was up , it was extremely hard to open with two hands , much less one . We have packed it up and are shipping it back tomorrow !
 I bought this gate and the First Years Hands-Free at the same time to see which one works best . This gate lost
 I bought this gate because it was the only one I could find that fit at the bottom of the stairs at my house ... big mistake . It was not too difficult to set up , although they could have made the process simpler , but OMG ... it was impossible to open once installed.They advertise that you can open it with one hand , but people who can do that must be magicians . I could not open this gate even using both hands.Needless to say , it is going back to BabiesRUs and now I have to search for another gate that will fit my 39 inch opening at the bottom of the stairs .
 I just bought this gate last night and am very disappointed . This is absolutely the worst gate I have ever dealt with and I have used quite a few in my years as a child care provider , as an aunt and as a parent . First , the instructions are not as clear as they could be , but I can work around that . Second , it has not just the one little metal button on the handle to open it with . There are 3 more that you have to use to adjust the thing ! Impossible to do through the mesh on the door part . Third , the only reason I even gave it one star is because once I got it tightened in to the door frame , even the Incredible Hulk could n't have budged it . But then I could n't open the walk-thru portion , so I tried loosening the bolt a bit ... and the top of the gate fell out of the doorway !! I chose this gate because it was taller than most and we could walk through rather have to climb over . Well , I am taking it right back to the store and buying the stationary mesh gate that costs half as much , which is what I should have done to start with .
 I bought this gate because of these great reviews ... this gate is ridiculous ! The concept is good , but it does n't work as easily as everyone says . When you open the gate , which is difficult to do with one hand , you must lift it up and either push or pull . The problem lies in the tension . When you open the gate , there is no more tenion to hold the gate up on top , so , if you are n't paying attention , the gate will fall over . Basically , the gate is a tension gate and when you open it - no more tension !
 After a frustrating hour working to install this gate , I exchanged it at the store thinking it must have been defective . Well , it was n't . It seems that this gate CAN NOT be installed between walls that are n't PERFECTLY parallel to each other because it screws up the amount of tension on the bars which in turn , affects how or if the locking mechanism works . I could 've saved myself a lot of time and aggravation had I known this from the start ! Maybe it is a good gate , but I 'll never know ...
 After searching for `` easy to open '' gates my wife picked this one . What a mistake . It is NOT easy to open and the top of it slides forward when open . It would be less frustrating to build a small wall that adults can step over than put this thing up ! At least 1 hr to get it `` jerry-rigged '' to work . Oh , by the way , if you have base and shoe moulding on your walls , forget it !! You must lift the tensioned areas at least over the shoe moulding , but then why have the gate if your doing that !!
 I bought this gate becuse I like the way it looked an I thought it would be easy to operate . Not at all . I could only open when using both hands , and even then I had to really work at it . I took it back and bought the Hands Free Gate from The 1st Years . It truly is hands free and works great . Better yet , it is $ 10.00 dollars cheaper .
 Like one other reviewer , I too thought the gate was welded crooked . Then I had to adjust the size of the gate to fit into the doorway . Impossible . I could not open the gate easily with one hand as the product claims and I could n't see my wife doing it while holding our child . I do n't usually write reviews , but I felt this product and this company wasted my time so I could n't help myself .
 This gate sure looks nice , but after 1 1/2 hrs of tring to install and widen the gate - we have to return it . My husband 's thumbs were throbbing for hours later . You have to press in so hard to extend it - it was ridiculous ! Well , after it was installed , I had to test the `` easy one hand operation . '' I could not press in the button to open the handle for my life . My fingers too were throbbing . I could n't keep it if I could n't open it with one hand . I even tried two hands - and no go .
 I 've assembled every baby item I 've ever bought , with little or no trouble . But this gate is the gate to hell . It is simply impossible to extend the `` door '' portion of the gate if you do n't have bionic hands . I literally bruised both of my thumbs trying to push down the `` adjustment buttons . ''
 I 've installed 4 other gates in our home for stairs , fireplaces , etc , both pressure mount and hardware mount , so I 'm not exactly an amateur . But this gate is very difficult to install properly . Before returning it , I spent hours installing it in two different locations and more time tweaking it , and it still was n't secure . If the bumpers were ok , then the U-shaped stopper on the bottom was n't secure , or vice versa . The buttons to adjust the width of the gate are extremely difficult to push in . I resorted to using a pliers which could have ripped the mesh fabric . And once you loosen that mesh fabric , you will never get it tight enough again , and loose fabric could provide a foothold for a climbing child . They 've really made this design much more complicated than it needs to be . The main problem is that with the door open , there are only 3 pressure points , making it difficult to get just the right fit . If you want a strong , secure , pressure-mounted gate that you can walk through , get the Center Gateway by Kidco . It costs a little more , but this is our 3rd type of Kidco gate , and they are well-built and safe and well worth the money . Its advantage is that there are 4 pressure points even with the door open . So the gate always remains perfectly aligned and secure . Locking the handle provides a 5th pressure point . -LRB- No , I do n't work for Kidco . -RRB-
 I thought that this gate looked so secure and safe , especially since it had mesh instead of hard metal bars to prevent climbing and injury . Was I wrong ! My husband , who is very mechanically-inclined put the gate together . Once it was up , I pulled on the mesh ; the tension does n't stay tight , it sags considerably . But the worst part is even with maximum tension applied , if you put a little bit of pressure on the gate , the whole thing slides back and forth . There is no way I am going to use this gate , it is completely unsafe and would fall onto my baby if she tried to pull up on it . I guess it would be fine for a baby who does n't touch anything , ever .
 We bought the gate because we have a larger than normal doorway to the kitchen . The gateway does not attach securely and would not be a real barrier to our 10 month old . It was harder to install than other gates and hard to open when installed . Wish we had read the reviews before purchasing . Back to Babies R Us to return today .
 This is without question the biggest hunk of junk ever . I really wish I had paid more attention to the reviews here because everyone seems to be in agreement . It is impossible to open . It kept falling down in the doorway . It basically needed to be adjusted every time it was used . it is packed up and sittting by my front door waiting for UPS to come get it tomorrow !
 This is an impossible gate ! My husband , who is an engineer and very mechanical , spent over an hour trying to get it installed correctly . Once in place , we tried it out and realized we had purchased a worthless gate ... the latch is very difficult to open and the pressure mounting is effective ONLY when the gate is closed -- once opened , the top slides forward . In fact , we 've decided having the gate is more dangerous than not having one on our stairs at all . We are exchanging it today for either the hands free gate or one that mounts into the wall .
 I was not able to install this gate myself . My husband who can install anything had a difficult time . It is not easy to open especailly if you have your little one in hand . We were unable to get it to work properly and ended up stepping over it . I was totally frustrated and returned it .
 After reading the reviews that were already posted I can think of three reason for the difference in opinion about this gate .1 . The good reviews were written by people that work for the company .2 . The good reviews were written by people that received gates that work as advertised .3 . The good reviews were written by people with the * aforementioned bionic hands . * in previous reviewsMy wife and I bought one gate on Saturday and I tried to put it up when we got home . I noticed two things ... I thought the bottom adjustable bar was welded on crooked -LRB- I think its actually that way to increase tension when the unit is installed -RRB- and that one of the holes that an tension bumper was supposed to go in was n't there . I also noticed that the button for the release was impossibly difficult to press in , but I assumed that had something to do with the unit being defective . We returned it the next day and got another . The hole was there this time , but the problem with the button being hard to push remained . I would say in ten tries I was able to open the gate with one hand one time and my wife was barely able to open the gate even using two hands . While my wife does have arthritis , that is really no excuse for why she ca n't open the gate . I picked this one expressly because of the `` simple one handed operation '' it touted on the box . Last night I returned it and got the Hands-Free Gate from The First Years . Based on its reviews I think I picked a winner this time .
 This product is , without question , the worst I have purchased thus far . Forget about how it works , mine did n't even come manufactured at a 90 degree angle . I have never felt the need to post a review on this site until I got this piece of garbage into my home . I am convinced that the people that wrote positive reviews about this product have some sort of vested interest in this company . Do n't buy this gate .
 I bought two of these for My twins & I would have to say they are not worth the money .
 I quickly returned this when I found it frustrating to put the toy together . The little bar with the characters does not fit into the holes . I tried for at least a half hour to put it together and found it to be a waste of time . I definitely would not recommend this to anyone .
 I received this as a gift and have never been able to use it in the car . Not once was I able to get the bar into the holes . Too bad , because this toy has promise . When I hold it in front of my daughter she smiles at the faces .
 I was looking for something to hook to the seat for my baby . This is a great idea but could use vast improvement . The toy bar is too heavy to stay in the holes and hangs too low for the baby to see . Once I was able to finagle the toy bar -LRB- there is a strap with velcro that I assume is supposed to support the toy bar to keep it in place -RRB- , it works OK . Eventually the toy bar fell off and it is buried in the depths of abandoned toys in my car . We replaced it with a mirror that has Elmo attached to it - much more fun for baby and me !
 Got this as a gift but returned it soon after we found out how difficult it is to put the toy bar into the holes to attach it to the base of the toy.My husband , who is extremely handy , and I both became frustrated trying to put the bar in the so called holes . They were not exactly a perfect fit . Plus on the box it does not tell you that the toy only attaches to certain types of seats in the car . If anyone successfully put the bar on with ease , let us know . We returned it for something more user friendly . We would not recommend this to anyone .
 I actually bought this toy for my baby . It does n't work in my back seat because it needs to attach to a head rest , but you can also use one of the straps to stick to the seat but it dose n't hold it up . The mirror faces somewhere on the ceiling . now that my baby is a little older she can reach the toys with her feet but the purple bar falls off . I think it might be good to hang in her crib , but so not effective as a car toy .
 I dont know if the bank I recieved was just a dud or not , but it only woked ONE time ! I opened the Tardis door & it talked - I closed the Tardis door & it made the engine sound & the blue light on top flashed . I opened the door again - it started to talk , but stopped . I closed the door - nothing . No sound , no light on top . It never worked again . no talking - no light - no sound of any kind . Not only that , if you remove the coin door in the bottom & look inside it , all the circuitry that controls the lights & sounds are exposed to the coin chamber . Meaning when you drop a coin thru the slot , the coins hit/bounce off the circuitry & wires . -LRB- that 's not what happened to mine , though . I had n't put any coins in it yet when it stopped working -RRB- But I can easily see how a properly functioning bank -LRB- in the beginning -RRB- would soon become broken from the constant repetition of coins striking the circuitry . It 's a great looking Tardis - but if you 're really concerned that it WORKS - be warned - it could be better made .
 The product was not as described . It contained the doctor and martha . It only worked correctly once and then cuts out halfway when people are speaking . I talked with the company and they said they didnt even have any of the doctor and rose in stock , but if you notice the picture has the ninth doctor and rose . . and the description says it is the 10th doctor and rose . I told them all I wanted was the product I ordered and they said that it didnt even exist ... when obviously , due to the picture it does .
 Very disappointed that it did n't work . I put the batteries in and nothing happened when I opened the doors . Plus one of the doors would stick and not even open when I would push on them . Since I 've read other reviews about this bank not working I do n't think I 'll order another .
 For our first child we wanted to use cloth diapers . Because the reviews were so vaied we decided to try both the swaddlebees and the fuzzi bunz . The swaddlebees were n't very good . First small did n't fit -LRB- our baby was over 8 lbs -RRB- then when they did fit they always leaked . Also , because it is an all-in-one diaper it takes ages to dry . You would need three full sets becuase they take an entire day to dry . For new parents looking to take the cloth diaper option I would recommend the fuzzi bunz cloth diapers , the adjustable fit means you can use them from day one and because of the pocket insert they dry quickly . Hope it helps .
 For our first child we wanted to use cloth diapers . Because the reviews were so vaied we decided to try both the swaddlebees and the fuzzi bunz . The swaddlebees were n't very good . First small did n't fit -LRB- our baby was over 8 lbs -RRB- then when they did fit they always leaked . Also , because it is an all-in-one diaper it takes ages to dry . You would need three full sets becuase they take an entire day to dry . For new parents looking to take the cloth diaper option I would recommend the fuzzi bunz cloth diapers , the adjustable fit means you can use them from day one and because of the pocket insert they dry quickly . Hope it helps .
 I have a 2 month old and really wanted to try cloth for her . I also felt like I needed to try a bunch of different kinds before I made a selection . I bought one of these , a couple of Happy Heinys , Kissaluvs , and BumGenius 3.0 . The first and only time I put this one on her , I was nursing her , so she was laying on her side on a pillow in my lap . When I picked her up , the diaper had leaked all over the pillow , like she was n't even wearing a diaper at all.We now use the Kissaluvs size 0 during the day , with nylon Dappi pants covers , and BumGenius at night and on-the-go , since they keep her drier . She is going to grow out of the Kissaluvs soon , at which point we will be using the BumGenius . I know that some of it depends on the shape of your baby , and our daughter has a smaller waist and pudgier legs , which these diapers do n't seem to adjust to . All in all , I would n't recommend them .
 very disappointed . just switched to cloth diapers in February , and so far , every time our dd has worn them , they 've leaked out the sides . which is a shame , b/c love the style , love the snaps on the hips , love the softness , love it being an AIO .
 For the really high price you pay for these diapers , you expect a lot ! What you get is absolute rubbish ! The reason it is worth 1 star , is because they have nice patterns.Problems : * LEAKS , LEAKS , LEAKS . Every time we tried this it came through to our baby 's clothes . Our little one is pretty small and she outgrew the size small so quickly . * It is an ALL-In-One , and therefore does not clean out as easily . * It takes SO long to dry . We wash them inside out . It is still damp after you take out all the other clothes . We let it air dry since we do n't want to run the dryer just for these diapers . * They take up a lot of space -LRB- not a good travel diaper -RRB- Simply put
 My husband and I bought the mobile `` Jake '' because it matched our bedding , lamp , etc. . We were pretty disappointed in the quality and usefulness of the mobile . We thought it was way overpriced at almost $ 50 . While it does play music , the music only last for about 2 minutes and came out sounding shrill and high-pitched . It was n't soothing or comforting at all - I could n't wait for it to stop playing , so I ca n't imagine my baby -LRB- not born yet -RRB- would enjoy such a high pitched sound . The animals that hang from the mobile are okay , but there is only 4 , with no mirrors or soft lights . The best thing to say about the mobile is that it was easy to put together -LRB- we mounted it on the crib , but there is also a wall mount option -RRB- . Ultimately , we decided to return it and look for something that plays better music for a better price .
 The only good thing about this mobile is that it matches the Lambs and Ivy Jake set . Other than that it is absolute garbage.The cheap plastic molding of the assembly scratched my $ 600 crib and it is still not very secure . The mobile squeeks while playing music and it plays virtually for about 2 minutes . Then you have to wind it again . This Item is really good at it 's main purpose however , which is suckering you to pay $ 30 because you have the rest of the set . If this piece was included in the set , I would expect this kind of quality , selling it as an extra cost is ridiculous . The good reviews must be based on looks alone , avoid at all costs .
 The moment I found out I was pregnant , I started looking for the perfect bedding set , and after month seven , I finally decided on the Lambs and Ivy Jake collection . LOVED LOVED LOVED the way everything looked together after getting the room set up , and I could n't wait to bring my baby boy home to it . However , on our first day back from the hospital , I laid my newborn down in his crib and wound up the mobile FOR THE FIRST TIME , only to hear a super-loud cracking sound -- the actual mechanics inside of the casing had cracked . This would make sense if I had wound it really far or were a strong person , but I 'm 5 ' 9 and barely over 100 pounds -- not exactly a body builder . My husband is a computer repair person who can fix pretty much anything in the house , and after looking at the pieces of the music box , he said it was just cheaply made that there was no way to piece everything back together -- it was irreparable.I strongly regret paying so much for a mobile that my son never even got to listen to once . We still have it hung in the crib without the musical piece , so I basically paid thirty-six dollars for four tiny toys hung from a bar -- they are cute toys , do n't get me wrong , but not thirty-six dollars cute .
 This one has nice design . But only 50 % cotton even though it 's soft . Also , the comforter is kind of thin for winter season . When you buy it from BabyAge , be careful with their return policy -LRB- 50 % restocking fee and only store credit issued -RRB- .
 This item was adorable but who wants the extra work of stacking diapers in here & then taking out of here . The changing table shelf worked just as well & held more diapers . We loved the pattern but it 's not worth the money ...
 This conversion kit included the Roxanne model as one of the models it could fit . Unfortunately , that is not the case . The Roxanne model has a drop down side and therefore has hardware in place of the holes the rail is supposed to screw into . The color matched and the quality of the rail seemed fine . As long as the correct model crib is what you 're trying to fit it to I 'm sure it would be suitable for a transitioning toddler .
 this bed rail can not be attached to a regular bed . it was not made clear when purchased that it is some type of rail that has to be nailed in or screwed in . nothing was included with it to show you how to do it plus there was not anything to let you attach it . ! very misleading , i returned it
 This rail is a long piece of wood that screws directly into the crib legs . The problem is that a thin piece of wood is designed to go around the legs on each side , to hold it more securely into place . The piece of wood is overly thin , though , and breaks off if you are not extremely careful during assembly and shipping .
 It is cheaply made and broke as soon as we took it out of the box . For as much as their asking for it I 'd expect better quality material . At least something that does n't fall apart in the first 20 minutes would be nice .
 from Million Dollar Baby : The Emily Changer Drawer model #M 4715/M4755 -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- will have MDF in the drawer bottoms and back panel.The Emily Changing Table model #M 4702 -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- will have MDF in the shelves , changer surface and drawer bottom.I hope that this was more clear.Thanks , Eric
 I purchased this changing table from Amazon because it matched our crib . What a MISTAKE !!!! The worksmanship of this table is very poor . The 2 sides pieces are held together by wooden pegs and wood glue . Most of the pegs were already broken , therefore the table was `` wobbly '' . The finish scratches off just by running anything against the wood . Save your money ... do n't purchase this table !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The instructions for this table do n't indicate orientation for the parts . Make sure you read the strap and drawer sections before starting to build , or you 'll have to move the rails a few times .
 We got this table from our registry to match the Emily crib . Wish I 'd read the reviews more closely . The product at the time I added it to our registry was advertised as solid wood . It is full of MDF/Pressed wood with very little actual solid wood . The product description still does not state this.The table had several flaws in the production -LRB- missing holes for screws , etc -RRB- . Upon following instructions exactly , it ended up having four cracks in it by the time we put it together . Totally flimsy . My husband and I debated returning it , but we 'd spent so long putting it together that we decided against it . My advice would be to think twice , though . Its hard to come by a good changing table that is solid wood in this price range , so I 'd suggest looking at something made of another product . With this table , you 'll get an Ikea-quality product .
 The shelves are barely better than cardboard . I used them to store diapers , wipes , and extra baby blankets . All the shelves are bowing because of this light amount of weight . Even the top where the baby lays is starting to bow . Buy a better changing table that is made from actual wood !
 We purchased this table to match the Kalani crib . It is a pretty color and the drawers/shelves are functional . If your child is potty trained before 12 months or 20 # , I think this would be a good purchase.However , as other reviews have mentioned , the MDF is very flimsy . My baby is now 15 months and 24 pounds , and the table is unusable because the MDF is so bowed the drawer containing the diapers does not even open . My husband had to reverse-engineer some metal brackets and slats to put on the frame to make it functional . Be warned !
 I have the set of DaVinci Emily furniture -LRB- crib , dresser and changing table -RRB- . The crib is the highest quality piece of the set-very sturdy and well made . The dresser is not bad-we had some trouble putting it together because of confusing directions , and a couple of the drawers do n't fit as snugly as they could , but overall not a bad piece for a child 's room . The changing table itself it decent and seems to be sturdy enough-although my child is only 7mos . and under 20lbs . at this point . The drawer is a joke-cheap materials and craftsmanship-it was a nightmare to assembly because the screws did n't line up with the drill holes . It never really worked , and eventually after coming apart so many times we just removed it . I do miss the drawer , but it can function well enough with just the two shelves .
 Not Sturdy at all . Quality it 's terrible . 2 of the shelfs are discolored , how can they sell something new and it look used . The design is beautiful , but I do n't think it 's going to be useful because the shelfs are thin as paper . Sorry I wo n't buy this product ever again .
 I bought this change pad cover to match the rest of the island pieces I had purchased . It does not fit a normal contoured or flat changing pad well at all . I followed the washing directions and it may have shrunk or it is just plain too small . Be aware - it likely will not fit the changing table pads out on the market now !
 I wish I would 've read the reviews more carefully that this thing does n't hold water ! What a drawbak for me . . and I discovered this too late and was n't able to return it . You ahve to fill the whole tub with water and then the water that comes into the tub is used . It 's got weird styrofoam pieces inside that make it safe for baby in case he falls over but it totally sucks that you have to waste so much water at bath time ! What a horrible invention . I learned my lesson the hard way to real all available reviews carefully before I purchase .
 I thought this product would be wonderful since my seven month old really likes to sit up in the tub . I was still excited as I opened the box . Then I took it out of the box . This product is barely over half-full with the bean-bag beads . There is no support . When I pick it up , ALL the beads cascade to the bottom and leave the top half completely bead-free . The pictures do n't really show the product you get . It 's great as a LIMP beanbag . Nothing more . Since it is cloth , you also have to fill the entire bathtub while the water seeps through it . It does not hold its own water . I 'm waiting to see if it dries in 24 hours .
 I did n't like this product because the cushion was bulky . I was looking for a tub that would be great for traveling and this is not one to buy . I finally ended up with buying an inflatable tub . Also , I tried to return the product and the company sent it back to me although I used their return mailing slip . If you just wanted to see what this looks like , do n't buy it because you can not return it .
 I have only had this tub for about 3 weeks , and already the material is starting to rip . I have had to hand stitch it so that all of the beads do n't fall out . This is only a temporary fix , so I will have to replace this tub eventually . If I had known about this problem originally , I would have purchased something different .
 The sides would get wet and then get very cold and my son screamed the entire time he was in it . We only used it maybe 3 times and now it sits in the closet .
 The pictures shown of this product are somewhat deceiving , in my opinion.First of all , this tub is recommended only for babies over one year old but the baby pictured looks much younger than that.Secondly , it appears as if the baby is submerged in a few inches of water but it 's really only bubbles around the baby because this tub does n't actually hold any water in it.Even worse than not holding water was the fact that it `` floats '' when put into a a larger tub with anything more than an inch or two of water . This in turn creates a `` taco '' effect around the baby ... making it so my daughter could n't sit up in it even though she was steady while sitting up elsewhere . I feel this tub was much too unsafe to use unless the water in the larger bathtub was only 1-2 inches deep -LRB- in which case she would become too cold and did n't care for her baths -RRB- . I finally purchased a bath ring for her and bathing became fun again.On the plus side , I think this item would be perfect for a baby learning to sit up on the floor ... just NOT in the bathtub .
 I thought this insert was a great idea , but it seemed to scare my 10-month old . She cried hysterically the second I put her in it the first time . The second time she cried the entire time despite my taking the time to show it to her and let her touch it , etc , before getting into the tub . same thing on night 3 , so I returned it . Granted , this is just our experience , but I will say that I think part of the issue was she could n't splash in it . As others have said , despite the manufacturers image , this tub does n't really fill up with water - it pretty much soaks back through to the main tub . Also , I did rinse it off and hang it to dry , and after three uses it already had that ` sour ' smell .
 I thought this product would be wonderful since my seven month old really likes to sit up in the tub . I was still excited as I opened the box . Then I took it out of the box . This product is barely over half-full with the bean-bag beads . There is no support . When I pick it up , ALL the beads cascade to the bottom and leave the top half completely bead-free . The pictures do n't really show the product you get . It 's great as a LIMP beanbag . Nothing more . Since it is cloth , you also have to fill the entire bathtub while the water seeps through it . It does not hold its own water . I 'm waiting to see if it dries in 24 hours .
 Just bought this bath tub for my 10 month old , she barely fits in it with her legs stretched sitting upright , and the tub floats , so you have to actually hold the tub with one hand while holding the baby ... and then it slips out from under the baby ... its a disaster . Complete waste of money and annoying . Id put it back in the box and return it , but its a soaking wet beanbag now that weighs a ton , so I 'm going to throw it away and write it off . I 'd give it zero stars , but I couldnt choose that option . DONT BUY THIS .
 The description of this item totally omits the fact that this is for children over one year according to the manufacturer . Also , for my active 9 month old , this tub is an invitation to reach into the surrounding water and hit her head on the side of the tub . I 'm just using it until I can find a proper bath ring .
 I decided to buy this item because of its great reviews and my daughter seemed to be outgrowing the first tub we had for her , which she loved . I hated this tub from the start and so did my 7 month old daughter , but I gave it a week to see if we could adapt . My daughter is a generally happy baby and rarely complains about anything . Every time I put her in the tub for her daily bath , she whines or cries a bit . She hates lying down in this thing . The beads do not provide enough support . The pictures are misleading concerning size . My daughter is about 20 lbs and has absolutely no room to move in this sitting up . She does n't even try to move when she 's in the reclined position ; it 's impossible . The drip dry hanger is not so convenient . It slips out . This thing gets so heavy because it holds so much water . I 'm surprised I do n't already have mildew growing . You ca n't wash this in the machine , so rinsing it is the cleanest it will get . I do n't see how this thing can last very long without becoming permanently dirty . Going to purchase a new bath tomorrow . I do not recommend this product to anyone . Wish I could return it but I discarded the packaging the day we received it .
 I ca n't think of anything bad to say about the product itself in terms of how it functions etc. . It is fairly straight forward to use and it served me well when I was sanitizing scores of bottles and pacifiers upon their initial purchase.The way it works is you put the stuff you want to sanitize -LRB- bottles and/or their accessories and/or pacifiers -RRB- into the huge bin . They have a way to support bottles but I never used the mechanism because I used Dr. Brown 's bottles and the bottle support mechanism only works with Avent bottles . So I just threw my Dr. Brown 's bottles and accessories and pacifiers into the bin . Measured out 90 mL of water -LRB- measuring cup is included -RRB- put the lid on the thing , plugged it in , and pressed the button so that number 1 was selected -LRB- I never used the 24 hour sterilize option , for which one would select number 2 -RRB- . Then I released the button , pressed again -LRB- until the display would indicate that it was working -RRB- , and that is it . When the unit is finished it will beep 5 times , and then you carefully remove the cap and wait for the items to cool . After you remove the contents , be sure to empty the water that remains in the unit , so that next time you can use it without worrying about dumping the water after you 've loaded up the unit . All in all it 's very easy . -LRB- See my comment in the end about the water . -RRB- I definitely think this product is better than the microwave versions , which are cheaper but which I believe are a bit disgusting and risky for the baby . -LRB- Risky because we do n't really know how the microwave affects the baby , and disgusting because one can never really disinfect the microwave properly . -RRB- However , I must say that the product is useless now , which is why I gave it one star . I tried to use it to sterilize the MAM pacifier holder and it melted it . That is when I realized that the steam is too strong for most plastic toys etc and even if the steam does n't destroy the product , heating it to such a degree may cause the baby harm -LRB- the heat may cause a chemical reaction that was not intended by the manufacturer when they designed the product -RRB- . I realize that what I should have bought was the Germ Guardian Nursery Sanitizer . It 's cheaper than the Avent one and it can sanitize pacifiers , toys , and bottles . It 's really a wiser choice in the long run . Now The Avent Sterilizer is just taking up space -LRB- it 's rather large -RRB- in my kitchen cabinet.And as the baby gets older , it ends up throwing almost everything on the floor , so I end up throwing all sorts of toys -LRB- even electronic ones -RRB- into the laundry , which takes time and deprives our baby of her toys.If someone does decide to purchase this item , I suggest using DISTILLED water . If you use regular water -LRB- even bottled -RRB- there is a residue that remains in the unit -LRB- and it is better for the unit in the long run -RRB- .
 Muy mal ya que el producto deice que incluye dos botellas de 9 oz , las cuales no vinieron con el producto todavia las espero , es primera vez que me pasa esto .
 Excellent performance of the product , is fast , quiet , comfortable , spacious , included a number bottles and the pump all at once . It has easy maintenance.The only problem that I have was that by buying by Amazon , I had no access to technical service and warranty in Venezuela because here only covers the devices purchased in the country.In my case , only 2 months after use the sterilizer , the system not run properly and I had to buy a new ... The sterilizer Avent is so good that i do not hesitate to buy a new one , I attribute the failure to trip was the product of USA to Venezuela .
 yes this sterilizer heat up very fast and work great but I used it only 2 times and it 's stop working . The power is not on and does n't create steam . I ca n't return it because I bought it 2 months before my son was born .
 Product arrived , much to my surprise - there were NO BOTTLES !!! The compact size fits the space well , it works well , but the incorrect description disappoints me.I need to investigate pricing to see if I was short changed .
 I 'm not that happy with the sterilizer . I take 3 nebulized drugs every other month and 1 nebulized drug in the other months . The sterilizer was meant to cut my time caring for the nebulizers . For about a week and a half , the sterilizer performed as the instructions stated . Then I started having trouble with the sterilizer keeping the nebulizers sterile for 6 hours as stated in the instructions . The sterilizer would go through the cycle , but then it would shut itself off way before the 6 hours were up . The first time it happened , I thought it was a fluke , but it happened again . I am not feeling that well and just do n't have the energy to send it back .
 I liked Avent Bottles , my daughter Liked them too ! Then I found out about Bisphenol - A being used to make the Bottles . After re-searching Bisphenol - A , I discovered that exposing my baby to harmful chemicals with the potential for long term affects later in life , was definitely not for me !! There are other options out there , all glass bottles are safe , as well as Born Free , Mam by Sassy , Green to Grow and Adrini . Do your own research . I 'm really surprised the non Bisphenol - A Free bottles have n't been recalled yet ! I 'm sure it 's just a matter of time , before enough people are educated .
 I purchased this highchair after much deliberation , thinking I was making the best decision . MISTAKE . First of all the surface of the plastic tray came with a huge lump in it . I could live with that , but the tray itself is situated so far away from the seat that if the baby is properly buckled in he/she ca n't even REACH the tray . Not to mention that even with the seat in its upright position the baby still seems slumped back . Of course none of this is apparent from any of the photographs online . Its nice to look at but as a feeding chair it is completely disfunctional .
 This chair is downright unsafe . the seat wobbles in the base , the base wobbles when the seat is in the highest position , and it 's cheaply made -- very plasticky as compared with the peg perego prima pappa , which I owned for my first . That thing was solid . I have always loved zooper strollers , and bought this sight unseen because I loved the company , but this is horrible -- really truly unsafe for an active baby , in my opinion . I think the lower two seat positions are probably ok , but the highest position -LRB- which I was looking forward to using at our kitchen island -RRB- is utterly unusable . In addition , the straps and closures are cheap and sharp -- neither user friendly for the parent or comfortable for the baby , and leg separator is attached to the tray and not the chair , so when you use it without a tray , the kid can slip right off . -LRB- or when you put the tray in , you crush the kid 's legs -RRB- . I 'm utterly pissed . The retail price of $ 169 is highway robbery for this horrible chair , and it just does n't compare in terms of quality with the others in it 's price class . Zooper 's got a lot of nerve putting this on the market at that price -- it 's a blight on their product line . I think my love affair with zooper is officially over . I 'm so glad I did n't pay $ 169 for this . I do n't even think it was worth the $ 70 I did pay . It 's also just plain ugly . Get the peg or combi , or better yet a scandanavian wooden chair like the ones made by geuther .
 when I got this was quite disappointed . I am returning it!I had very high hopes for this
 i thought this would be very helpful but found it cumbersone - had to prop pillows behind my back , when i moved with my baby i had to readjust - if you 're a big person it does n't fit right & if you had an epidural -LRB- and many sticks -RRB- you want something to support your back so you do n't lean over so much - i bought an inflatable pillow that already has built in back support - it 's called MY BREASTFRIEND - they also make them in solid foam - ... the inflatable one is compact and you can take it anywhere -LRB- saves a lot of space -RRB- - has a side pocket for the phone and small items - the lactation dept in the hospital should have theses available - along with a foot stool , you 'll be very comfy
 I purchased this because Britax had the side impact protection and I love our ROundabout . The seat fit nicely in our SUV and was very secure ... my husband could n't budge it . I loved how the shoulder adjustment was at the twist of a knob . The True Side Impact Protection did not bother my son and he could see just fine.But , when driving with my son , 2 , I noticed that he was sitting funny . When I looked back , he had one finger on one pull front harness adjuster and was letting out all the slack in the harness . How safe could the seat be if a 2 year old uses one finger to get out?Shame on Britax for not knowing better ! I am going to try the Decathalon too .
 Strongly suggest you go in the retail store and see and test this in your car before buying.Also the head rest is not removeable . . the design is such that the baby will struggle to see side-ways and being the curious babies they are , that could be irritating.we returned this one , tried decathlon , that has no side-bars so very tough to stabilise and hence returned that and went with the Marathon . .
 This seat is HUGE and we had to return it -LRB- costing is about $ 100 w / a restocking fee , the shipping cost and the vendor changed us for the cost of outbound shipping too -RRB- . We have a BMW X5 -LRB- SUV -RRB- and this seat was way to big . We have a Marathon and love it . We choose to wait a bit for the frontier to come out and love that one ! It seat is nice but very large and very heavy !
 I read somewhere that this seat used to be called the `` Husky '' and I can understand why . The closest crotch strap placement still makes for a very roomy fit for my skinny 3-year-old . He moves around so much within the straps even when they are pulled tight . I spent LOTS of money getting 2 of these seats for our 2 cars and now I 'm going to have to get new seats because my son really is n't safe and secure . A disappointment to say the least . I have the Britax Roundabouts as well and LOVE those .
 Although this seat appears to be well worth the money especially for safety features , I was unable to use it . I have a Honda Fit and no matter how I positioned the back seat and moved the front seat up , my 3 1/2 year old daugter could not put her feet straight . The car seat is pretty big and is better suited for a full size car , minivan of SUV.I 'm so upset , I really wanted a seat with the 5 point harness that was made for older children.I guess I 'll be returning it .
 I am very diappointed that the Britax Regent or Frontier does not work with older vechicles . I have a 98 Grand Prix and my car is not equipped with the top tether . I was told by Britax that this seat would not work in my vechicle and you HAD to use the top tether . So there went my two options for a 5point harness up to 80 pounds ... Does anyone use this seat without the top tether ?
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Like many people on this site , I loved my Britax Regent the first year . My son had a roundabout , then marathon and then the Regent because I did not want to put him in a booster seat and Britax claimed that it goes up to 80 pounds and 53 in . My son is 5 years old , petite and he has been complaining about the belly pad being tight . It 's already on the 2nd option and there is no other way to adjust this . Unfortunately , I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- hoping for a safer alternative to a booster and it did not do what it claimed . My son weights 43 lbs and is 36 inches and apparently he is too big for the Regent . Also , the straps have twisted around and now are always twisty . I 've called Britax twice about this and they are not too sympathetic . They said that they ca n't predict the girth of a child -LRB- is he fat ? -RRB- but I think the issue is that they should design a product with more adjustability in the belly pad and better straps . I should have bought another brand because the Regent was a waste of my money this time since I now have to buy a safe booster seat .
 We have three kids that have gone through 2 Britax car seats . They are ok . They rattle , and one of the shoulder restraint holders cracked off . They had a recall on our particular model a couple years back and it took 3 tries calling their customer service to get them to send the repair parts for the fix , which we had to do ourselves . The cam operated adustable belt -LRB- a must have - many manufacturers now have it -RRB- has been fairly smooth though going on close to 4 years now so that is a plus.The main reason that I took the time to write this is to point folks to check out the Cosco Scenera . It is almost identical to the Marathon to include the cam operated adjustable belt . The belt feeds through the entire seat identically to the Britax models -LRB- patents must have run out I guess -RRB- It also costs less than $ 40 . We puchased one of these for our second car and have been impressed thus far , though it is admittedly new . At such a dramatically lower cost , it may be worth buying the Cosco first to see how it works out before opting for the waaaay more expensive Britax - that is unless buying the $ 600 Peg Pergo stroller that 's identical to the $ 100 Graco or the $ 300 Britax that 's identical to the $ 40 Cosco makes you feel better about yourself . Do n't worry , we 're not judging , we 've been there too.A quick note on `` growth '' car seats . We at first justified spending the zillion dollars on our first couple Britax seats thinking that we could use them for a long , long time with the generous weight limit . Make sure you take a look at the useable overall height and usable torso height though . Our 45 lb 43 '' 4 1/2 year old son 's torso is already too tall to fit in the Wizard , which claims it can support a 65 lb 49 '' child . Something to think about before shelling out so much money . I completely agree that any price is worth a child 's safety , but paying way more for an identical product that works just as well is just silly .
 Let me warn you that this review is on the terrible service I received from the third party seller , Hip Monkey , not the product . Do n't read further if you are looking for information specifically about the product . I had a terrible experience trying to order this . I was pleased to see the sales price on Amazon listed at $ 209.99 when I ordered it . I got a confirmation e-mail from Amazon saying the order was processed . The next day I got another e-mail from Amazon with a message from the third party seller , Hip Monkey . It said that the fabric print I had selected was out of stock , and due to this `` sales glitch '' , my order was being cancelled . I was encouraged to go back to Amazon and reorder the item . When I did this , I was dumfounded to see that the item was listed as back in stock , only the price had gone up $ 40 , to $ 249.99 ! Keep in mind that this is all within 24 hours of my initial order . I think what happened was that the product was inadvertently listed at a bargain price , and when I ordered it , Hip Monkey decided to renege on their end of the order . After being a satisfied Amazon.com customer for years , I was quite disappointed by this exchange . I ended up ordering the product elsewhere .
 The tether does not stay at the top of the seat . GM seats are narrower at the top and hence the tether straps slide down the sides of the seat . They get very wobbly . I called Britax who said they could n't possibly advise on every type of vehicle -LRB- GM , Pontiac , & Chevrolet are not exactly rare vehicles -RRB- My husband and I are both pretty competent engineers and can not get them to be stable . The local fire department child seat installers had no advice either.I had finally bought these expensive carseats , and I expected more from Britax . The seats are headed for Goodwill .
 We purchased this only in a different print -LRB- same price -RRB- . We have already had so many problems we are getting rid of ours -LRB- g Collection -RRB- and buying the Quattro Tour duo.The first problem we came across was getting it into a trunk , was n't at all easy . The second problem was that the canopy over the front seat broke off , looking at the thin piece of plastic that was holding it in I am not at all surprised this happened . The third problem I have is the material is hard to clean . In most Graco strollers , you can simply take off the padding and throw it in the washer , this is something you can not do with the duoglider . The seats are smaller than a regular stroller . Our fourth problem was car seat . We bought the matching car seat for our stroller -LRB- Infant Safeseat in G collection -RRB- and I was told that it would work in our stroller by Graco . Well it does n't size wise . Its difficult to get it wedged into the rear seat . Then when you put your older child into the first seat their head nearly bangs into the top of the carseat behind them , the sun blockers that are sewn into the sunshades on both my car seat and the stroller do n't work in different ways the car seat 's visor is clear and does n't block out any glare , and they get sticky and hard to have folded out completely its always wrinkled.When you try to take the safe seat out you practically have to pull the red release panel and JERK -LRB- after taking baby out of car seat which totally defeats the purpose of a travel system -RRB- really hard sometimes it takes a few minutes to acomplish this . Not something you want to do with a sleeping baby in the car seat . And that brings us to the fifth problem when using the carseat in the rear seat -LRB- directions say to put heaviest child in front and baby in rear -RRB- there is n't much clearance between the baby 's head and the top of the stroller , most with most graco strollers you can pull both canopies closed , not so with this stroller . When you want to check on the baby you have to pull the canopy over the parent 's tray to see them which defeats the purpose of the parents tray . When you want to use the parents tray , you have to pull the canopy forward a little which puts the edge of the canopy right in the baby 's face . Finally folding , this is one of the old fashioned folding strollers which has the front children 's tray scrapping along the ground when folding . This is something that the Graco Quattro Tour Duo does n't do , and although a little bit heavier , it folds up 20 % smaller than the Duoglider making shopping trips easier . Had I known all the problems I would have with this I would n't have bought it . Its funny , all the graco duogliders are basically the same , however they are basically the same except that the patterns are different . The darius stroller is exactly the same as many of the 130-150 duogliders your just paying extra for the tacky fabric . Not a smart buy.We junked ours and got -LRB- while more expensive it was worth the buy -RRB- the Quattro Duo its easier to steer and does n't take up my whole trunk . It folds easier and not as bulky while it may weigh more its easier to lift into my car .
 We switched to baby dry from swaddlers because our local club big box store had a coupon.We wanted our baby to start sleeping longer and since we really like swaddlers and baby dry promises up to 12 hours of dryness , the baby dry would be exactly what we are looking for . ... . right?There are also not as absorbent , I do n't mean you let you baby sit there and see how long he can go without a diaper change , what I 'm talking about is the more liquid poo is not absorbed and ends up in the little leg compartment making a mess out of his chubby little tights and if not caught early enough ends up on the outside of the diaper !! . We are constantly changing his diaper , at night we dont get the * up to 12 hrs promised , not even the * up to 6 hours !! Last , there 's no wet indicator ... I used to like this feature on the other diapers . Our baby does not like diaper changes -LRB- unless he 's full -RRB- but sometimes even if he was full he would fuss and I do n't like when he gets upset after feedings , specially at night since its harder to get him back to sleep . With the wet indicator I could make the decision to change him before or after his feedings depending on how wet was the diaper.I do n't have many children but I know when something is better or worse ... I know that much ! The Baby dry 12 hour diapers are much , much worse that the diapers we used to have ! However if you have a baby that doest poop , pee , sleep or fuss than this might be the diaper for you !!! *** Updade 9/6/2012 *** The leaks continue ... . the latest leak required an emengency bath time because there was poo everywhere !! After the last leak I 'm swiching back to swaddlers ... . Pampers Baby dry have only been disappointment and frustration !!
 The product which I received was different from other store.It was not soft and comfortable for baby as usual.I do n't know why the product was different from the previous ordered one.Worst product that I 've ever received .
 I purchased the next size up for my son for nighttime . I have never had a leak this badly before where it went up his chest and sides . I 'm going to try the Huggies nighttime diapers .
 good price , but stupid shippingthey could n't deliver this item , and the order returned.they refunded only part of money and i paid and i lost all saved money of online order because of this unexpected returnyou should be careful when ordering something online
 Amazon says the delivery is within 24 hours for diapers when you look at the item.After placing the order , it always gives the shipping date atleast 2 to 3 weeks after palcing order . You child may go the next size by the time you receive the box.Please order the next size if you ever order diapers from Amazon .
 I got these diapers for my retarted uncle . He suffered a kick to the head from a horse at 15 when he was trying to shave his back end . Ever Sence my uncle has been unable to do basic bodly functions . So we put these on him after we hose him down . He just loves the feel on his chaped hairless hair . Saddly to say tho after a night with a hungry man meal my poor uncle blew the ass end out of these diapers ! The smell was terrable and my Dad had to get the hose and not only beat my uncle he also had to hose down our poor cat . I called up the manufactor trying to get them to pay for the damages . They refused !!!!
 We have been given Huggies , Luvs , and Pampers Swaddlers as gifts for our baby and so I feel like we have pretty much seen all the diapers that are on the market for a size 1 baby . I got to feeling creative one day at the store and picked these up because I had a coupon . I got the smallest number of them available and I am glad I did.To start , my baby hates having her diaper changed . But we have been using the Pampers Swaddlers and the Huggies Newborns on her , both of which are soft and flexible . And they fit her right . So when I open the package and see how scratchy and thin these are , I am skeptical but decided to try it out anyway . I put them on baby she screams her head off , louder and more violently than usual . And I honestly ca n't blame her . These crummy diapers do n't fit well either , big gap around the top of the diaper where her belly and diaper should `` seal '' . The first and only time she wore these , she got `` muddy '' and it rushed up and out the top of this diaper . I can not tell you how mad we both were and I went right back to the store to get my money back . They would n't take them so I tried donating them to a local group of twin moms and got no takers there either . That says a lot considering how many diapers a twin parent goes through in a day!These Baby-Dry diapers are HORRIBLE and I would not recommend to anyone , even on sale or with a coupon or FREE ! If I could put 0 stars I would . I hope that the Pampers Cruisers are as soft and cushiony as the swaddlers , otherwise I think we will be off Pampers when baby outgrows the size 2 Swaddlers .
 I use Pampers for my kids for more than 3 years . . I always liked them , until few months ago . . I thought maybe a packages was n't good , and then I see it again and again ... 1 out of 10 diapers is falling apart ... `` wings '' are come off , when you try to put diaper on !!! I do n't want to buy Pampers again ... : -LRB-
 Previously we had used Earth 's Best since size 1 , 2.5 years ago . I recently decided to save money on his size 5s and go non-ecological with the mainstream `` best '' which are apparently Pampers . Not only do they smell like pungent baby powder out of the package , they just do n't work . Our son is n't overly wet , due to regular diaper changes , but these diapers could n't even contain pee for a 2 hour span . In addition , when he wakes up his pajamas smell like he had an accident , due to the thinness of the Pampers . And yes , more often than not he was wet through to the pajamas , sheets , etc. , and if he pooped overnight , he was rewarded with a sopping wet diaper , a wedgie , and poop leaking out . We have four kids , and trust me , use Earth 's Best . Does anybody want 152 Pampers?Hope one of these links works , and of course , look for subscribe and save !! Amazon search -- Earth 's Best TenderCare Chlorine Free Diapers , Size 5 -LRB- 27 + Pounds -RRB- , 104 CountDirect cut and paste -- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We have been purchasing Pampers Baby Dry through Amazon Prime Subscribe and Save . This last shipment of diapers were horrible . Pampers has lost our business . The diapers were paper thin and my 14 month old boy kept waking up soaked through . Leaving the bed soaking wet . Something is horribly wrong with these diapers . We will be changing to another brand ASAP .
 The diapers were fine except my order was for 124 diapers and I only received 112 . I also did n't have any way of contacting the shipper to let them know that my order was incomplete .
 Several of these diapers broke at the side seams causing the gel material to fall out and leave a trail everywhere our toddler went until we finally figured out where it was coming from . Happened with three more diapers in order and after vacuuming for over one our we gave up and tyre the rest out .
 This is the worst nighttime diaper we have used . They leak 100 % of the time leaving our baby drenched in her own urine ! Awful . :-LRB- I highly recommend Huggies Overnites-zero problem with leaks and a great fit.We will not attempt to use these again .
 I ordered several boxes of these and was very disappointed to find that these are not the improved `` flex '' kind . I only switched from cruisers to the baby dry because they were stretchy . Now I have several boxes of diapers that barely fit .
 My sister gave us a package of Pampers baby-dry diapers so we decided to try one on a recent diaper change . These diapers are awful ! The sticky -LRB- not velcro -RRB- tabs do n't stretch and the diaper does n't fit as well as Swaddlers and bunch up between the legs . Are these made from recycled paper ? Pampers Baby-Dry & LUVS are basically the same diaper since they are both made by Proctor & Gamble and are both bargin brands . Stick with Swaddlers , Cruisers , or Huggies .
 I wo n't use these again ! They kept falling apart and the gel crystals went everywhere ! They got all over my toddlers bed !!! I change his diaper every couple of hours , there is no way these could be used for 12 hours to keep your baby dry . I 'm never buying pampers again , horrible experience with these .
 I gave these diapers a try when my son started soaking through his Huggies in the middle of the night . I was looking for something more absorbent , and having tried another type of Pampers in the past and was satisfied , decided to try these . He soaked through them every night for four nights . They were completely ineffective . On the plus side , they smelled nice and were softer than Huggies . I did n't want to waste the one that were left , so we used them during the day . A few days later , my son , who at 14 months had never had a diaper rash , got a terrible , painful rash . We stopped using the Pampers immediately , but it took over a week for the rash to clear up . So , having read other reviews telling a similar story , let me caution new users that it 's a gamble . Will these diapers give my kid a rash ? Maybe . Maybe not . Are you willing to spend your money to find out ?
 We decided to try the subscribe and save program and had been using Pampers Cruisers Stage 3 . I had never really noticed a specific title with the diapers we had been using . They had been wonderful . So , we decided to try the only Pampers that were available in this size . Despite the claim that they last up to 12 hours , each of the three that we used on our baby boy leaked . Awful , awful , awful !
 I am a long-time Pampers buyer and have never had a complaint before , but my latest batch of baby dry must be either defective or a new design . The tabs tear off of the diaper with the tiniest amount of force . Which means as I 'm diapering my wiggly baby , I sometimes go through three diapers before I get one on that stays intact . Very frustrating for such an expensive product . Never had this experience with this brand with my older children , so have to assume Pampers is cutting corners .
 I decided to buy this over the cruisers since i 'd save a few dollars and get a few extra diapers at the same time . Unfortunately , this diaper would fall apart in my hands as I opened it to put it on my son . In addition , my son would leak . So i decided to go back to the cruisers and have been happy since . No more leaky diapers .
 I buy these diapers through subscribe and save , so they come out at reasonable price . BUT the quality is not good enough . My daughter is a pretty good pooper and these diapers spil all the time ! I have to change her clothes or wash sheets and mattress cover every day ! The money I save on diapers i spend on detergent , energy and water.Huggies are so much better !
 I 've been using the Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive for almost 6 months because my 22 month old kept getting bad rashes from Huggies Little Movers . I LOVED the swaddlers , but sadly , they only go up to size 4 and were getting much too small . So I just switched to Baby Dry and I am so unimpressed . Dry for 12 hours my ass ! Excuse my french , but seriously , these DO NOT stay dry for even close to 12 hours . Maybe if your kid never drinks water , milk , juice or any liquid for that matter , then you 're in the clear . Okay , I ca n't continue to down Pampers , because I do love them , but the Swaddlers & Huggies Little Movers held more pee than these . My child drinks a bottle of mixed milk & water at nap time . The Swaddlers always held all the pee for the entire duration of the nap . With the Baby Dry , I 'm scared I 'll have to change the sheets everyday ! Since I 've had these , -LRB- roughly one week , with maybe 6-8 diaper changes a day -RRB- , they have leaked 50 % more of the time than any other diaper I 've used . I recommend using Huggies Goodnights at night time , they are warriors ! The only thing I really love about Baby Dry is , the diapers are softer than Huggies and very thin . But I 'd rather them be thick and hold more pee ! Oh well . . time for another diaper switcharoo !
 I use these for my son , at night since he is potty trained during the day ! He has woken up wet , WAY too many times , which means he is wet AND his bed ! This has NEVER happened with Luvs ... they are SOO much better of a diaper and cheaper too ! All pamper has going for them is their name !
 I decided to try these diapers instead of the swaddlers to save a few dollars . Needless to say that was a mistake . They claim to keep baby dry for up to 12 hours . My little one ca n't use these to sleep through the night -LRB- 6 hours -RRB- . I do n't recommend these at all . Spend a few extra dollars on the swaddlers , you 'll make your money back on the $ saved on extra laundry they cause because they leak .
 i do n't know if it 's pampers or this particular distributor , but there are what seems to be dried up resins in lumps in the diapers . i wonder if they absorbed moisture then dried . i 'll never buy another pampers diaper .
 Babies can not wear these !! the poop just pours out of them . They do not absord and this is because they are for older babies with solid foods ... . Stink with swaddlers or cruisers !! will never buy this type ever again .
 I 'm a Pampers fan ! From Swaddlers to Cruisers to Baby Dry . But when my daughter moved up to size 5 , the pamper leaks at night . She is a soaking mess in the morning . And the soaking is the particles in the diaper . The diaper literally falls apart . I bought one case and it 's is almost finished thankfully . Back to Cruisers we go !
 I got the replacement because of severe diaper rash which is the first time for my son . I have to say amazon customer is good . They send me new box and I send old ones back.But the new box is even worse . There s Crystal like stuff come out from the diaper . I need wash my son every time .
 Terrible diapers . We normally buy the cruisers and I accidentally purchased the baby dry diapers . The diapers continually leak ! Even when they have been worn for short periods of time , they really can only hold a small amount of urine if your child is at all mobile .
 Every night we put our 1 year old in one of these diapers , and most mornings he wakes up not just leaky , but with the seams of the diaper opened up and the absorbent material all over his clothes and skin ! But since we bought so many we have had to keep using them and dealing with this disgusting problem day after day.They are fine during the day , when we change him fairly often . But during the 12 hour night time they are useless . Huggies leak too , but at least they do n't explode .
 I normally buy Pampers Cruisers , I will not buy these again . They seem really cheap , plastic like , I do n't like the smell . Yuck , ca n't wait for the jumbo pack to be done !
 These did n't work for my daughter at all . Too short , Leaked every time she urinated . I love Pampers Swaddlers , but the baby dry are awful and not worth the wasted money .
 my son is 19 mos old , so at this point we have tried A LOT of different diaper brands - from target to bj 's to huggies to luvs to seventh generation to babies ` r ` us . we just started using pampers recently - this was only our 2nd box and i have just switched my subscription back to luvs because i 've had it with the constant issues i 've had with these . they are the most expensive brand out there and so i figured the quality would be top-notch . not the case AT ALL . i have never , repeat NEVER had diaper tabs instantly rip off on me , but it has happened no less than 6 or 7 times per box with these diapers , making them useless -LRB- i tried taping the remaining nub to the diaper just so as to not waste them , but it does n't hold -RRB- . we also had one of them bust open on us , spilling little gel balls aaaaall over my son 's room . i 've literally had issues with and had to throw out almost 15 diapers in just the past two months that we 've been using them - issues that i 've NEVER had with any other diaper brand over 17 months of use . they are truly horrible and way overpriced . the only plus that i can see with these is that they are thinner than the rest . that 's about it . back to luvs we go ...
 Hey guys.I love that these diapers are thin to start with and also holds a lot however I will not purchase again after these 2 boxes I recently ordered are finished . Here 's why : Although these diapers are thin & sits high on waist -LRB- so the strap does n't rub against sons thigh and cause bruising . . as occurred with the huggies brand -RRB- The BIGGEST fallback is that it is made up of silicone particles -LRB- the absorbent -RRB- in the diaper itself and when wet , if child runs around -LRB- like my VERY active toddler -RRB- then the diaper tears and the silicoe particles fall out the side.Today was the 5th time this has happened in the space of 2 weeks . I DO change his diapers frequently and now I do it even more than I did with the huggies in fear that the silicone will fall out and give him a rash or dirty the floor . It is a mess to clean up , there 's silicone ` powder ' everywhere.Tonight I 've pretty much had it with these diapers . My son -LRB- 19months -RRB- was running around kicking his ball and when it was time to change him , there was a big glob of silicone at the foot of his pants . Luckily he was wearing his thermal pants so the elastic band was very close fitting to his ankles and this is what kept the majority , not all , of the silicone within his pants and off the carpet.In summary . These diapers and thin and does not leak BUT these 2 factors do not make up for the huge downfall of having silicone particles all over the place . Thank God he has not gotten a rash from it as yet.I do not recommend this specific type -LRB- Baby dry -RRB- of pampers because I have not tried the other types from Pampers .
 I bought these daipers but they are not very absorbent . I got some from the hospital when We were discharged those daipers were awsome . I had the same problem with my first baby and I had t go find those pamper daipers from target . The price is very good on Amazon but I am not very pleased with the product . It doesnt absorb much and then the baby is wet and in winter changing clothes frequently for new born is not fun .
 We have been using Pampers Cruisers , I got these by mistake . These are not anywhere near as good as the Cruisers .
 My son has been using Pamper Cruiser and never had problem . So I think Baby-dry may be the same good . So I ordered some online , but am very disappointed with its design . The first time my 21-month-old wore it , it left a red mark in his thighs . One big design problem with it is the strip that adheres to the front side is not elastic , so it makes it impossible to auto-adjust itself , and is not suitable for an active toddler as it may cut into the skin . I have to return the product as I just ca n't use it on my son !
 These diapers are terrible . I 'm not sure the diapers in the box are actually Pampers . They leak -- and not just out the legs or up the back . Right through the part of the diaper that is supposed be the most absorbent . The box says they are good for 12 hour overnight protection -- a joke . Maybe three hours . Every time I 've used these overnight my baby -LRB- 14 lbs -RRB- has woken up soaked .
 Quality of these diapers is NOT same as other Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers -LRB- same size 5 -RRB- that I have bought before . These diapers come with very small fasteners and so they do n't stick well . Diaper comes off easily . This pack is economy in quality too . I can not believe this kind of product is made by Pampers !!! Will NOT buy this 144 pack again .
 I decided to try these after only using Pampers Swaddlers because Baby Dry was a little bit cheaper . I 'm going back to Swaddlers after I use up all the remaining Baby Dry diapers . The reason is because I can smell pee anytime my daughter pees in her diaper . She gets changed often during the day so its not a matter of the diaper being too full . I never had that issue with Swaddlers.Baby Dry diapers seem to hold up pretty well . I never had a leakage problem . In the mornings my daughter 's diaper is very full since she sleeps through the night and so no changing the diaper all night long . Baby Dry diapers sure does hold all the pee and fortunately no diaper blow outs either.If I could n't smell the pee , I would stick with these diapers . My co-worker used Baby Dry diapers and she said she never had a problem with smelling pee . So my recommendation would be to get a small package of these and see if they work for you before buying a bigger box . I bought the 246 count box so I have to stick with them for a while until I run out of these diapers .
 The swaddlers are so much better ! These are not comfortable and they leak . I would not recommend these diapers to anyone .
 I was a huge fan of Pampers Baby Dry . With my first child , I faithfully used the Pampers Baby Dry diapers for over two and half years with no complaints at all . I recommended them to friends and family members with babies . With my second child , who is now one year old , I returned to Baby Dry since they worked so well with my first . I do n't know what they changed about the diapers , but the diapers continuously explode . I do n't leave them on for longer than two hours at a time . Sometimes , the diaper feels completely dry and it still has exploded . The inside of the diaper is also irritating to my son 's skin . I am tired of vacuuming up clumps of diapers . This happens to at least one diaper a day . I 'm done . I am cancelling my subscription tonight and returning the last box which I have n't opened .
 I just received the pampers baby-dry diapers in 2007-04-30 , but guess what ? The exp . date is 2006-12-31 , as the other reviewer said , it 's old type , they do n't have the Caterpillar-Flex . I should send them back , but I do n't have time and my baby needs diapers now . I 'm very disapointed . They should check before they deliver .
 I moved my daughter up from a size 1 Pampers Sensitive to the size 2 Baby Dry . The diapers are the exact same size . We have a blow-out every BM . I am so mad right now . How can the sizing be so off ? I am stuck with two big boxes now of diapers I can not use .
 Now it is 6:00 am , Saturday . I 'm so mad and just find this page to write this review . Yesterday was the second day we use Pamper Baby Dry and we yielded 4 dirty clothes and 2 dirty sheets in last 24 hours . Baby Dry leak terribly !!! It is soooo frustrated to change sheet and cloth at 5am in the weekend.Our baby is 15 days old and 9 and a half pounds today . Never got any problems using other NB or Size1 diapers.I bought a large pack of Baby Dry -LRB- 252 counts , size 1 -RRB- . There are still about 240 left . For the last ~ 10 pieces Baby Dry we used , Half of them leaked . Need to figure out of a way to get rid of them .
 If your child has sensitive skin DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND . Our child suffered for 3 months with total body rash - we thought it was due to food allergies , but it was actually due to the diaper . Pampers use TOO MUCH DYE on the images on the diapers . The dye is totally unnecessary . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY , even more so , DON `` T SUBJECT YOUR BABY TO unnecessary CHEMICALS and ALLERGENS.TERRIBLE PRODUCT !!!!!
 I 've been using Amazon for years and this is the first time I 've left a comment because I hope that you wo n't waste your money like I did . I have 2 sons . My baby uses the Swaddlers and my toddler uses Cruisers . When Cruisers was unavailable online , I thought , the Baby Dry ca n't be that much different , they both are made by Pampers , right ? WRONG !! I have been washing wet bed sheets and pjs every single morning for 2 weeks since my toddler used the Baby Dry . It can not hold anything . I had my son pee in a clean Baby Dry standing straight , waited for a minute , then took the diaper off . The pee was dripping out from the diaper . It was the worst diaper we have ever tried . I heard that Pampers changed the Cruisers to be thinner as well . I am giving Huggies a try now . Though it was not as soft as Pampers , I have not need to wash the wet bed sheet or pjs for the past week . Now I have a big box of Baby Dry diapers sitting in my garage that I ca n't decided if I should donate ...
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I tried all the different diapers before converting to cloth pocket diapers . We used these Pampers for a few months before swearing off disposables completely . Pampers do n't hold leaks and are filled with so many chemicals that they gave my baby a rash . I felt horrible about using something that filled up the trash so fast !
 I 'm a first time mom of a baby boy . I 've tried many different kinds of diapers on my son . Pamper 's Baby Dry are the worst I 've used . They do n't hold much at all ! I 've been lucky and my little man sleeps through the night , but these diapers ca n't stand up to that -LRB- even when he was only 2 months old -RRB- ! Every night they leaked . I could n't stand it . I had to buy a different kind of diaper to use at night time until that package of baby dry was gone . My favorite diapers have to be either Pamper 's Swaddlers , or Huggies Supreme Natural Fit . The only thing is , the Huggies seem to run a little bit smaller than the Pampers .
 I used pampers swaddlers then switched to baby dry to save money . To me there is no comparison . I have never had a leak with the swaddlers . Almost every time I have put my baby in the baby dry , particularly at night , she wakes up with a wet onesie . I thought that it might be a size issue -LRB- maybe they were too big -RRB- . But , I waited a couple of months and they are still leaking .
 These diapers crack and leak all over ! On the bright side however , baby never has a rash with these . So they keep her bum dry and her onesies soaked . hmmmm ... Is there a happy medium ?
 I 'm disappointed in these diapers . My daughter frequently wakes up in the morning covered in clumps of gel from inside the diaper . It 's not hurting anything but it 's a pain to clean up .
 This is my first time using Pampers . I 've used them consistently for almost a month . Is it just me or do they seem to be soaking wet ALL the time . I put them on my daughter and an hour later it 's soaked and needs to be changed . Unless I can them for free again , I would n't purchase again .
 I bought these for my 5 month old because I thought they would be as good as the Swaddlers since Pampers are the best diapers , but I was sadly mistaken . The Baby Dry diapers would leak after only 1 hour of being used . It seemed like the urine would be collected in the front by the turqoise lining , but once it was full , it would bubble up & leak . One night I had to change the crib sheets twice ... these diapers were a nightmare !!! Never again would I buy these .
 Not a fan of these diapers . I have a son , and these diapers leaked all the time . I usually use Huggies and they rarely leak ! Thought I would try these because I love the Swaddlers for newborns . Looks like I will be switching back to Huggies .
 I hate these diapers ! Always leaks even at day time ! Poop would always come out , as in every time my son poops ! Whenever we go out i make sure my son has 2-3 sets of xtra clothes coz he is always messed up ! Im sooo disappointed in pampers ! I eould rather use cheap brands or rather switch back to my trusted huggies diapers .
 Well , I do n't see why people ca n't just leave a good product alone ! This WAS a good product but this box of diapers has a bad smell . It 's like Pampers has added a perfume or fragrance and now the diapers smell really bad ! My son had bad diaper rash & I feel the perfume/fragrance delayed the healing of and maybe even inhibited the healing process.Not good ! Will be looking for a new brand of diapers ! Will never buy Pampers baby dry again and am very disappointed !
 I was a new mom and therefore pretty tired . I did n't notice that there was a difference between baby dry and swaddlers and accidentally bought baby dry . They are more plastic and did n't seem to let my baby 's skin breathe nearly as well as the swaddlers . I wo n't buy the baby dry again !
 As soon as I got these diapers I was surprised at how light and thin they were and I was also worried about the absorbent pad not running all the way to the back . The next day my fears were realized and I got poop all over my shorts . It leaked right out the back . These diapers have a cheap look to them and they perform that way too . I still have about 240 of these left so it will be a long month ! My wife thought it was pretty funny though .
 I keep trying Pampers . With my daughter , they leaked and did n't fit well . With my son , I have tried Baby Dry and Cruisers at different stages and still , they fit awful . The tabs feel cheap and they do n't stretch as well as Huggies . I give up on Pampers . Some store brand diapers fit and stretch better .
 I saw that Pampers had a good deal on subscribe and buy so I decided to try it out . Unfortunately it did not work out for us . We had a lot of leaky diapers . We have tried out Huggies and Kirkland brand diapers and are happy with those . My first preference would be Huggies and then Kirkland
 My baby wakes up everyday with wet clothes in front ! Not something we have every had in the past 13 mo 's with other brand diapers . Would not buy these diapers again . The fabric is soft and the diaper is not stiff I do like the texture and overall feel but when the baby is waking up wet and mad this needs to be addressed . Defiently not Baby dry ! Overall not satisfied .
 After reading the baby dry reviews , I bought a pack of 228 -- BIG MISTAKE ! They feel ultra soggy after 2 hours -LRB- the other brands do not -RRB- and I ca n't even go without changing her after her early morning feeding . When we do change her , it seems like the diaper is n't wicking the moisture away properly as she seems a little damp -LRB- yes , even after just 2 hours -RRB- . I 'm dissatisfied that the box says 12 hour protection , when it really maxes out at about 4 hours . Even my husband asked me why I bought the crappy brand :-LRB- We absolutely love the swaddlers and swaddlers sensitive -- they both make it through the night -LRB- anywhere from 8-12 hours -RRB- for my 3 month old daughter . I 'm a little disappointed in Pampers right now because we have loved all their other products , but now I feel like I 'm stuck with 200 + diapers that I paid for and probably wo n't use .
 These leak about every other time my baby poops . I purchased them accidentally thinking I was getting the Swaddlers . Will NEVER buy these again , just terrible !!
 This is the worst diaper I have used out of all the different brand of pampers . Just because it is more in quantity does n't mean it is a good quality . I am not ready to more on yet , so I am giving the pampers cruiser a try before I make a final decision to move to another brand of diapers . I am hoping we can still continue to do business , since I have being using this brand for 8 years for all my children .
 I like to try different diapers but my favorite brand is Luvs , -LRB- which work really great despite what most people think -RRB- . Pampers Baby Dry did not work for us at all . Our 13 month old daughter had never had diaper irritation or a diaper rash until we used these diapers for one week . They actually made her raw in one spot , the poor thing . I treated it with Aquaphor Baby Ointment and went back to Luvs and the diaper rash cleared up immediately.These diapers also leak around her inner thighs , and they develop a nasty smell when there is pee or poop in the diaper . I can smell it when I walk into my daughter 's nursery after she has woken up from a nap and peed or pooped in her diaper . It smells really bad compared to other diapers I have used.I have also used the Pampers Extra Protection during the night since she sleeps for 12 hours , however we did n't have any trouble with rashes using those , but she did have leaks 1-2x a week . For a bedtime diaper , I prefer Fisher Price Night Diapers .
 When my baby sleeps 12 hours , her diaper is wet . It also leaked a few times . Also , on the subscribe and save with Amazon , the price almost doubled within the past 2 months . I got the box for less than $ 20 in April and now it it over $ 35 . I will check somewhere else for better deals .
 My bundle of joy is 4.5 mo old and none of the other diapers leaked until I started using this one . I tried other brands , Huggies , Luv and also Pampers Swaddlers and they all work fine except this one .
 I 've used Huggies and Pampers and settled on Pampers . I loved the Swaddlers and the Cruisers were pretty good . I accidentally ordered these instead of the Cruisers and did n't know that until we pulled these out . They are smaller than the same size in Cruisers , thinner and my son leaks overnight even if his diapers was changed at 3 or 4 a.m. if he 's not changed every 1-2 hours ! Ridiculous . Do not waste your money . Do not buy .
 This is good diaper for a day time only . Suppose to be able to keep baby dry for 12 hours , but this is not true . My 1 year old son wears size 4 , goes to sleep at 7 pm and wakes up at 6 am-there was leak every morning ! I started to change him in the middle of the night when he wakes up for food and still leaking . There is something about the fitting , that when baby is moving it does n't hold wetness well.I started to use a bit more expensive Pampers Cruisers and Pampers extra Protection Overnight and they are 100 % dry . They hold a lot for baby 's pee , I never had an accident with these.So I give 2 stars because Pampers Baby Dry are ok diapers but definitely not 12 hours as they claim.I found out that it is better to upgrade the size of diapers when baby reaches the weight that is in the middle of the bracket . Example
 I have been using the Pampers Swaddlers for 8 months but decided to try the `` Baby Dry '' because of the reviews and price . What a mistake !!! Do not get these . Every morning , my son wakes up completely wet ... leaving the sheets & mattress cover wet too . When the diaper gets wet , the moisture does not lock away from the baby ... and the diaper gets weighed down . They are awful ! I just wish I did n't order the 222 count . I am stuck with these for awhile .
 I first tried these when my son was 4 weeks old . Pampers SWADDLERS are MUCH better . I bought a huge package of these and I wish I had n't . First of all they always leak . My son will fill up one of these diapers in no time and he always leaks pee out the sides and up his back . Second , because they do n't hold much liquid , his poops also spill out . They leak poop up his back and around his legs -LRB- and he does not have skinny legs . He was born 9 pounds . -RRB- The diapers are n't that soft either and they have caused my son to get diaper rash . I assume its due to the fact that they 're not very absorbent and that they 're not that soft . I absolutely hate these diapers . I usually like Pampers brand , but I have huggies and Luvs diapers that I like better than these . I plan to just send them to his daycare and let them deal with them and I 'll use diapers I like better at home .
 I used them just for a few days . i bought a big box and put them on craigslist for baby dry lovers . but i will not recommend any one to usethem . Every time i had to change layers of clothing with diaper . bad on laundry budget .
 I wo n't use it again.very low quality . I feel the frequency with which I change these , adds up the cost.so better to buy a good quality diaper .
 These diapers have been a huge disappointment ! They claim to be Baby Dry but they do n't keep anything dry . We 've only been using them for a few days and every day we 've had to change outfits because of wet diapers . The diaper does n't even seem to absorb anything . As far as night protection ? There 's no way it offers 12 hours of protection . Maybe one or two and that 's if you 're willing to change the sheets.I 'm going back to Luvs .
 BEWARE !!! Just because the box looks like Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max Diapers , these are NOT the same . My son is now 5 mo. old and we 've been using Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max diapers since he was born -LRB- you know , with the blue wetness indicator on the front -RRB- . However , these are NOT Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max . These are thinner , do not have the woven material inside the diaper and are not nearly as absorbent as the Swaddlers . My son has leaked out of his diaper the last 5 nights ... these diapers simply are not absorbent enough to contain a night 's worth of pee . We rarely had this problem with Dry Max . I wo n't be buying these again - they simply are n't worth the very little cost savings .
 My baby is n't 17lbs yet and these diapers were too small for her , and they say it is for 16 to 28 lbs . Plus , even though my baby sleeps through the night , when I used this diaper , she woke up at 2:30 am all WEAT . I called the Pampers costumer service and they offered me a $ 5 coupom ... yes , I could not believe it , at last they offered a $ 10 coupom , so I 'll still need to spend monwy on it ? I hopped to have at least a size 4 sent to me . Be carefull , those diapers can work for you , but be concious that whenever you need the costumer service they will not replace the diapers.Not buying Pampers agin ... by the way , seventh generation and Huggies are far better!Viviane
 I would not recommend these diapers as they have a strong scent that irritate baby 's skin even if not the sensitive type .
 Will not buy again , save your money and just buy LUVS , the only advantage the baby dry have is that they smell good . We went thru almost twice as many diapers trying to keep our baby dry.lol
 I 've been using the Pampers brand since my daughter was born . I 've tried Luvs , Huggies , and store brand and they all did n't work . She was using Swaddlers until she got to size 4 and I bought these . They SUCK . The pamper seems harder and the strip on the inside is n't as long . And to top it all off , it gave more poor child a rash . Luckily I did n't get stuck with all these pampers because a friend of mine used these on her daughter and they were fine . I 'll be switching to the sensitive brand since they come in swaddlers .
 These diapers are terrible . I have been using the Pampers Cruisers and those work well . I thought I would try the Baby Dry for overnight . Every night my baby wets right through these . I have to change his entire outfit during the night , which really wakes him up and makes it difficult for him to go back to sleep . Sometimes I have to change him twice . I will not be buying these again .
 I am writing this review after a long term usage of Pampers Baby Dry Diapers for my little one sold by Amazon . Note this is review for the product sold by Amazon only and not by Pampers or any other vendors who sell pampers.Initially due to the cost and same brand I thought this deal was amazing and told almost all my friends that this is the best you can find around . Then we noticed that our baby was wetting her bed too often . Initially we thought she was drinking too much water and stopped giving her water at night just before she went to sleep . But then she started doing that all day . We ended up changing diapers way too often to avoid spils . I was wondering why the diaper was not holding anything , then one day I found a cheaper deal with BJ 's and bought from there . Turns out it was the diapers that was causing this . Its been more than 6 months I bought from Amazon and had the frequent wetting problems . The same product from 2 different vendors can make such a difference ? You might think that it was my daughter who might have stopped wetting . I thought so too , which is why i used one of the left over diaper from Amazon again this week and the same thing happened . My daughter was in the car seat and now i have to wash the whole thing.I am not buying this product from Amazon again . I dont want to find out any more ugly truth about this product and do not want to take the risk with my precious one .
 I have used the baby dry diapers for months now . The last two boxes I have recieved do not have as much of the blue absorbant material and the diapers are overall totally different -LRB- almost flat -RRB- . Although the diapers worked well for awhile , the new design leaves much to be desired .
 The package contains 246 diapers , so you 're getting a great deal right?Wrong.I hate this item . I had been putting my daughter in Pampers Swaddlers from day one and love those ! We ran out of diapers so my husband and I used our ` backup ' diapers which are the Walmart brand . When I got the Baby Dry diapers I was thrilled . I was so thankful to stop using the cheap ones and having to do my daughter 's laundry every day because of leaks.I was sad to discover that these particular diapers are the same as the cheapies . Only I consider it worse that they have the Pampers name on them but are worthless . I 'm not even exaggerating here . My daughter is tiny , and she was wearing a diaper for 20 minutes in her carseat and it leaked . When I take off the diapers after she gets up in the morning , they have practically disintegrated . You honestly would be better off with cloth diapers or just continue using the Walmart brand and saving yourself money.Better yet , do n't even stray from the Swaddlers . Not only was my daughter soaked from the diaper leaking through her pajamas , her tiny behind was also soaked because the '12 hours ' of protection had failed to pull moisture away from her skin . She got a rash within the first day of wearing these . Very disappointing . I love the Swaddlers , I can rave about those all day if you let me . I had found a lonely Swaddlers hiding in her diaper bag but it was a size too small . `` To heck with it ; it 's still a Swaddler ! `` It did n't leak overnight like the Baby Dry did.All in all , I would recommend if you want to try the product -LRB- or any for that matter -RRB- try it in small numbers first . I did complain to Pampers and they have agreed to make it right by giving me some coupons to use on my next few purchases . I feel like I was taken seriously and that they really care about their customers ' satisfaction . Best of luck to all you reading this !
 Ever since they 've redesigned these , almost every morning , my son is found wet , and the diaper has actually split on the sides with the gel contents spilling everywhere . It 's ever so much fun having to clean a toddler , crib , walls , floor , all first thing in the morning . I have used these religiously since the first couple of months , but I 've changed brands .
 The diaper is too thin that it hardly holds anything . We found we literally had to change the diaper for our kid every hour . Interestingly , the same Pamper diaper we bought from local supermarket or Walmart store was a lot better and could last for several hours .
 Loved the old design - my baby stayed dry through the night . Now , every morning he is soaked . `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' I did n't mind paying a premium price for the old design - it was phenomenal . The new design does not compare . I have switched to Luvs .
 I have been using Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers diapers and now that my daughter is 6 months old I decided I would try and save some money given her skin may not be as sensitive . The first week in using the Pampers Baby Dry diapers she went wet through it overnight -LRB- which she has never done so I assume the absorbency is not as good -RRB- and on a different occasion the blue dye on the diaper came off on her skin !! The blue dye coming off on her was the most disappointing . I was so shocked by the difference in quality of this product . I will never use Pampers Baby Dry again and will be going back to Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers its worth the extra $ 16/month !
 I loved swaddlers but they are only in small sizes so I moved to baby dry . Well with teething there is diarrhea and even when I ran to the changing table to change him after an audible bm it was on it 's way out of the top back of the diaper and the sides , also I bought them thinking they had the flexible side panels , which are wonderful because you do n't feel like your cutting off your babies circulation if you want them snug . I must have received an older box and it did not have the flexible sides . I have since switched to cruisers and love them .
 I bought these because my 6 month old started leaking with her Pamper Swaddlers . These said that they were for overnight protection and would last 12 hours . When I opened the package I was surprised to see that these are thinner than Swaddlers and plastic feeling . I can handle that as long as I do n't have to clean urine off of my daughter , her pajamas , and her bed every morning . She sleeps 12 or so hours some nights , but still wakes up for a feeding on most nights . When she woke up after 7 hours for a feeding , her clothes were soaked . Very disappointing . Pick up a small package before you buy the value size to see if they work for you . These diapers did not work for my daughter .
 I have used pampers cruisers consistently and mistakenly bought these baby dry ones this time around . It was a mistake . My 21-month old -LRB- 21 pounds -RRB- sleeps 12 hours a night and with these diapers in size 4 -LRB- up to 37 pounds -RRB- she wakes up with pee having soaked through the diaper onto her pajamas . She ever peed through the diaper on a 2 and a half hour flight . Not sure why they are called baby dry , but they sure do n't keep her dry at all . I just placed another order for the cruisers , but now I 'm stuck with 150 of these poor diapers too .
 I only used pampers for my son when he was first born because they fit so well and were extremely absorbable ! But after I lost my job I started buying the big boxes from Costco that are the kirkland brand diapers -LRB- which are basically the Huggies -RRB- . I purchased these because of the price at the time with free shipping and the price of gas it turned out to cost just as much as those did . Well I will not be using these diapers for him anymore ! They do not hold anything in ! He goes to bed with a new/fresh diaper every night and by the time he wakes up 8-10 hours later he is completely soaked through ! Never once did this happen with the Costco brand diapers ... or pull ups ! For 2 weeks now he has been soaking through every night and that is without liquids before bed ! No more Pampers for me !
 I have a boy and this diapers are really bad for him and for me : - / . They are leaking all the time , even if it is a new not over wet diaper.Buy something else if you do n't want to wash the clothes many times a day !!!
 The june 2011 shipment of the pampers cruisers diapers was way below par . The diapers were too thin and leaking all the time.I 'm on auto-shipment
 I CHANGED FROM HUGGIES TO PAMPERS BECAUSE OF THE PRICE BUT NOW I SEE THAT HUGGIES IS WELL WORTH THE PRICE . MY SON USED PAMPERS WHEN HE WAS BORN JUST BECAUSE THAT 'S THE BRAND THE HOSPITAL WAS USING , BUT I QUICKLY CHANGES TO HUGGIES AND WAS VERY PLEASED . THEN I DECIDED TO GIVE PAMPERS BABY DRY A TRY SINCE THE PRICE WAS CHEAPER AND I GOT MORE DIAPERS FOR MY MONEY . THEY RAVE ABOUT A BABY DRY SYSTEM THAT LAST 12HOURS ... NOT AT ALL . MY BABY LEAKS AFTER A COUPLE OF HOURS . THE DIAPERS ARE EXTREMELY THIN . I STILL HAVE SOME HUGGIES LEFT OVER AND I HAVE TO USE THOSE FOR NIGHTIME BECAUSE IF I USE THE PAMPERS MY BABY WAKES UP CRYING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NITE ALL WET THROUGH HIS ONESIE , PJ 'S AND CRIB SHEET !!! HORRIBLE DIAPER ... NOW I 'M STUCK WITH OVER 200 DIAPERS . I 'M GOING BACK TO HUGGIES AS SOON AS I FINISH THIS PACK , UNFORTUNATELY WILL HAVE TO BUY HUGGIES OVERNITES MEANWHILE I FINISH THE PAMPERS .
 I am a longtime Amazon buyer and a first time reviewer . I am also a Pampers Swaddlers devotee and so I thought , a fan of Pampers in general . I have since found that all Pampers are not created equal . I typically use Pampers Swaddlers in the day and Huggies Overnights at night for my 8 month old son - who is not by any means a `` super soaker '' . I bought the Pampers Baby Dry because they had a good deal going , so I thought I would give them a try . With `` 12 hours of overnight protection '' , what 's not to like ? The first night I used these , I found my son 's entire frontside wet in the morning . Okay , so it 's hard to find a really good overnight disposable . Maybe I should have bought one size up from his usual . I thought , `` I 'll just use them during the day ... '' . Well , after just 1 nap and about 3 hours in the diaper , again soaked . What a waste !
 We purchased these for awhile because they were the only diapers that would stand up to the `` blowouts '' but let me tell you the Target brand diapers are the same quality for SOOOO much less $ If I had any advice for people getting Pampers or Huggies it would be try Target brand they are the best I promise you wo n't be disappointed . Do n't try Kroger or Kmart brands or anything similar just Target . Only if someone told us this a year ago we 'd have a Ferrari by now with all the money we saved after switching !
 I love Pampers Swaddlers so I thought I 'd try these once my baby outgrew the Swaddlers . While I 've never had any issues with leaking , I 've had to throw out at least four brand-new diapers -LRB- so far -RRB- because the the entire side where the tab tears off while I 'm trying to fasten the diaper . I 've never had this problem with Swaddlers or Huggies , so I know it 's not the operator . Also , these diapers do n't seem to fit very securely . They tend to sag and feel very cheap -LRB- even my husband commented on that and he generally does n't notice these kinds of things -RRB- . I 've only used about 20 diapers from my box of 140 , but I 'm sure I 'll have more problems with tearing . What a waste !
 In general I like Pampers items and quality . But the Baby Dry version I seem to have a lot of leaks .
 I have used 3 different brand diapers for my twins since they were born , huggies , pampers and luvs . When they were little I stuck with pampers sensitive because I felt those were softer and kinder to their skin . When they got bigger I went with luvs because of the price , then I discovered amazon mom and its many benefits including its low prices on diapers , so I switched to huggies , and realized how much better huggies are compare to luvs ! We 've been using huggies for the last 9 months . Now the last time I needed to buy some diapers , pampers was running a coupon on amazon so the price per diaper was a little lower than huggies , and I figured , why not give it a try , hence , I bought these pampers baby dry . What a bad move ! These diapers leaked after an 8 oz milk and some juice , I mean , with huggies such liquid intake would hardly `` make a dent '' ! So now I am using almost twice the amount of diapers compare to when we were on huggies . These are worse than luvs , at least luvs charged you less for it ! I actually feel these are very much comparable to luvs diaper in terms of quailty and `` structure '' , just more money , it 's almost like both were made by the same people but were marketed differently . So if you are thinking of getting these , save yourself some money and buy luvs instead . I do n't understand how they could advitized it as `` last up to 12 hours '' ! That 's if you do n't feed your kids any fluid for 12 hours I assume ! How could this product get so many good reviews on here ? Maybe a lot of people use pampers exclusively and did n't have a chance for comparison ? I would have returned these if I had not thrown away the box . What a rip off ! Do not buy these , get huggies snug and dry instead !
 I made a huge mistake by buying the baby dry after reading through the reviews . I thought that for the price , why not try them . What a huge mistake ! I should have just bought a smaller amount to try them first . Instead we have been using these for over a month now and I have had to clean up a poop spill at least every other day . My baby was 4 months old when we started using these and since he is not eating solids yet , the poop is pretty runny . The baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on . It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the HuggiesSnug & dry from now on , The Snug and dry from huggies absorb much better that those lousy ones , Hope this helps someone wondering which to buy Snug and dry or Baby Dry , DEFINITELY go with the SNUG AND DRY !!
 This is the very cheap product that does not measure up to the standards of the other Pampers diapers . I would recommend not to buy this but the 186 count instead .
 I purchased this package of 222 diapers size 3 and it is already 3rd time -LRB- from out of 10 changing -RRB- that our baby got whole his body covered with those jelly pieces from inside the diaper . Scary , i hope it is not toxic or something .
 Like another reviewer , I went for these rather than the Pampers Swaddlers because I thought `` heck , these are also Pampers , how bad could they be ? '' Answer
 I was really unhappy using these , they leaked badly many times.In the past I have used the Pampers Cruisers and was very happy with them.I now buy Huggies little movers since I feel those are the best diapers around .
 I have been using Pampers Cruisers and wanted to try Baby Dry to see how they worked . They are fine for during the day but horrible for at night . My little girl woke up cold due to her diaper did n't hold in what it should have overnight which made her onesie soaked in the morning . Will NOT buy anymore Baby Dry ... Wondering if maybe I can exchange ????
 Not the latest product . Does not have wet line indicator like the new ones . You need to keep on checking at the diaper to find out if it is wet .
 And the winner is ... . Huggies.Pampers overnights makes a promise it can not keep - '12 hours of overnight protection ' . Not long after I began using pampers overnight I noticed my son was waking up wet . The kicker - when he wetted himself and his dad after a mere 5.5 hours with no diaper change on a long road trip . -LRB- Oops -RRB- . I even tried plastic underwear - but even that could not help . . I finally figured out if my LO had more than one bottle the diaper merely could not handle the output . Yikes . I thought I would take a chance and try huggies . It 's been a week and so far no complaints . He has even woken up dry after having a second bottle in the middle of the night with no diaper change . -LRB- tsk tsk but as any mother can tell you , do not mess with a sleeping baby or you will live to regret it -RRB- . I will keep you posted on any changes !
 We had been using pampers sensitive swaddlers since birth but when baby hit size 2 figured we would use up the pack of size 2 baby dry 's we recieved as a shower gift . . well within the first day of use my baby got a horrible diaper rash!So bad that her skin is bleeding and cracking :-LRB- . . They even feel cheaper ... way more of a plastic type feel to them . I do not reccomend !
 Going from Swaddlers to these was a HUGE mistake . The name `` baby dry '' should be a joke , because the diaper gets damp very fast , and ALWAYS smells like pee . It 's not my baby either , I have to change out the diaper about twice more than normal and most of the diapers are barely heavy . Seems like such a waste ... should 've bought the smaller amount to test first . It 's odd how the same brand could have one type vastly superior to the other . Again , go with Swaddlers , we had ZERO issues with them . `` Baby dry '' is a lie .
 We used Swaddlers size 1 and thought would changed to this for size 2 to see what 's the difference . We found that this one leaks ! It also has a little chemical smell and the size is n't as big as Swaddlers size 2 . Pamper Swaddlers is much better in our opinion .
 Our daughter is 22 months and we just got a box of Size 5 baby Dry diapers . We ca n't use these at nighttime and we have to check her diaper frequently . If she drinks a lot of water , the urine leaks right out of the diaper.My wife had me order another box of Huggies Snug & Dry Size 5 immediately . We 'll try to use these ones up , but when we run errands or go to church , we will use the Huggies.I do not recommend these diapers at all . It 's not worth the $ 0.03 difference per diaper from Huggies . I gave it a fair chance and learned my lesson .
 We accidentally bought pampers dry instead of cruisers diapers , so we decided to try them . I immediately noticed the odor of urine . When out with gramma , they leaked after 4 hours of wear . We normally use cruisers and they have provided us consistent coverage and have never failed . Cruisers seem to cover more surface area and last for 12 hours through the night . I also do not notice the urine smell as soon as the diaper becomes wet with cruisers . We will be using cruisers from now on .
 My baby was extremely sore after using one of these diapers for just one day . I am sending my order back because of this . No wonder it was such a great price !
 We had been using Pampers Baby Dry for our daughter right after she outgrew newborn size of Pampers Swaddlers . Now my daughter is almost 20 months old at size 4 . We could n't be happier with Pamper Baby Dry until the last shipment we received from Amazon . The diapers are thinner than before and leak frequently . I thought it may be a bad batch and bought a smaller size of the same product from a department store . They were exactly the same and also caused leaks . The leaks happen both at morning and night times . I 'm too disappointed in the product to give it a 3rd try . We are switching to Huggies Snug & Dry . Hopefully , they will work better .
 I have been a loyal Pampers customer for years , but lately , I do n't know what they are doing . When they introduced DryMax , I switched to Baby Dry because it caused mild redness on my older son . I have happily used the Baby Dry -- they really do last 12 hours and have never leaked for me . When my younger son was born , he reacted horribly to Swaddlers with DryMax , so we switched to Baby Dry . He just moved up to size 3 and is now reacting badly to these diapers . Even with heavy duty diaper cream , he turned red and became very rashy . Last night I noticed that he was VERY red in the creases of his legs and then realized his skin was raw and bleeding . The diapers are nowhere near too tight . I realize that sometimes things happen to kids that is not the manufacturer 's fault , but after taking a break from these for a day and then coming back to them , my son is red and rashy again . I think I 'm ready to give up on Pampers . I do n't know what the heck they 're doing , but their diapers are sub-par compared to what they used to be . * Edited on October 4 , 2011
 I have been loyal to Pampers diapers since my 13 month old was in Newborn Swaddlers . I tried these diapers because of the positive ratings and I am VERY disappointed . The diapers are rectangular and not good for a cruising baby . The front of the tabs turn under so they sometimes leak out the side . Also , they say they are suppose to last 12 hours . My daughter usually sleeps 10 hours straight at night and by morning the diaper has `` sweated '' pee through the diaper and through her pajamas and I 've even had to change her sheets . I go through a lot more diapers with these because i have to change her very frequently . For some reason the Pampers Cruisers with dry max gave my daughter diaper rash so I guess I 'm buying Huggies next time .
 In the past year , I 've come to appreciate and only purchase the Pampers brand for my growing daughter 's needs . After reaching 15 months of age , however , the diaper was n't able to keep hold up to overnight use and I started using a nighttime diaper from a different manufacturer . As grandmothers and others watch the baby , they do n't know which diaper to use at which time , so I 've completely switched from Pampers to another more sturdy brand that does n't leak and does n't cause wet mornings .
 My daughter was wearing the Huggies prior to this . I ordered this diapers , thinking that they would be softer and more absorbent than the Huggies . To my surprise , they are neither softer or more absorbent . I 'm very disappointed and have had to change many skirts , and pants because of this!I am planning on writing to Kimberly Clark as well regarding this . Also , these diapers run small !
 Target diapers are much better than these diapers . My daughter sleeps through the night . When she wakes up her dress , the sheet everything will be wet . This diaper is ok to use during the day times but definitely not at night .
 After hitting the end of the line with Pampers Swaddlers , which max out in a size 2-3 , we figured `` Baby Dry '' was the logical next step . * Every * time our daughter pooped it came right up the back and on to her outfit , her mother , the sofa -- you name it . She is right in the size range . We will * not * be buying this diaper again .
 I purchased these Pampers from Amazon for my 7 month old . These pampers have the ability to burst open in the night while your baby is sleeping . When my daughter woke up the next morning , the pamper burst open on her belly . The padding inside the pamper was released on her belly on several other occasions . I did n't have this problem with Huggies . I will NOT purchase Pampers ever again . This is a hazard and they should be recalled .
 I was using swaddlers -LRB- pampers yellow box -RRB- and then decided to try these baby-dry -LRB- pampers green box . My 5 month old is in a size 2 but when I ordered size 2 in the baby-dry they were to small even though she was still in the weight range -LRB- 15lbs -RRB- they give on the box . So my advise is that the baby-dry pampers run small .
 I have been usage the Size 2 for my son and he is still breastfeeding and so his BMs are still pretty runny . These diapers were terrible ! - the poop leaked straight THROUGH the diapers - not leaking out the sides - THROUGH ! That meant that there was no way that he could stay clean through a BM ! Which is very annoying .
 I bought these based on the reviews and the price . Big mistake . I only get 6 hrs of `` dry '' time before my little one soaks through his clothes and leaves a big wet spot on the bed .
 I have two girls and a boy , when my daughters were in diapers I always used huggies , but when my son was born they did not keep him dry through the night so I switched to Pampers Baby Dry because that was the type of diaper that claimed to be best for boys , but it is not , my son leaks through all over his clothes and the person holding him and the diaper itself is nearly dry . It is as though the diaper can not absorb the pee fast enough . I would not recomend this product .
 We tried a bunch of different diapers for our 2 month old . Huggies Natural , Pampers Swaddlers and Baby Dry , other Huggies and by far the most leaky diapers were Baby Dry . # 1 and # 2 never stayed in the diaper ! Right out the sides and back and all over me ... almost every time . Also , the absorbent core stuff would come out and stick to our baby 's skin . Swaddlers are absolutely fabulous and we 'll stick with those .
 We have LOVED Pampers - have used them exclusively for all 3 of our children until now . I just upped my almost two year old from Baby Dry 4 's to size 5 's , expecting no big change , just help with her volume increase . Something has definitely changed ! I first noticed a new chemical-like smell I never smelled with any previous Pampers Baby Dry . Then my daughter quickly developed a diaper rash . This child has never had a diaper rash a day in her life before this . I was still hesitant to believe it really could be the Pampers -LRB- they 're so great ! no leaks ! so cheap on Amazon ! I 've ALWAYS used them ! -RRB- , but finally bought some Seventh Generation diapers to try , and the diaper rash vanished . MAJOR BUMMER !!! Why ruin such a great product , P&G ? So sad to cancel my Subscribe & Save sub for these ... : - -LRB-
 These diapers do not work at all ! We had been using Pampers Swaddlers and they are great . Unfortunately , I saw that I could buy these for a few dollars cheaper and decided to try them out . They do not work . We have been using them for about a week and EVERY time my son has a poopy diaper , it 's a complete blow out . Even when he is upright , it somehow leaks out the top of the back of the diaper . We had been using the Swaddlers and only had one blow out in 4 months . Maybe these diapers work with older children with firmer stools , but they do not work at all for us at this age . Besides the constant blow outs , these diapers have a plastic , cheap feeling . Pampers should be ashamed to put their name on them . So , instead of saving a few dollars , I 'm now buying new diapers even when I have around 200 of these diapers left .
 Pampers Swaddlers were the best diapers when my son was a newborn , but we have found that all Pampers in sizes larger than 2 are awful ! I much prefer both the Target and Walgreens brands . Pampers leak every single time he wears them -LRB- he is 18 months now -RRB- so this leads to SO much more laundry ! I would NOT buy them again .
 The tabs on these diapers are not sticking . I loved the deal we got from Amazon , but for the entire first package in the box -LRB- there are three in one box -RRB- , the sticky tabs have been terrible . We are taping them with clear tape now , but it 's so hard to get the tape , rip it off , hope he does n't wriggle off the changing table , hold the defective diaper in place and hope it sticks long enough to grab the tape and that he stays still long enough to get it taped down ... then hope it 's not too loose or too tight so it does n't sag or leak or give him red , ridgy rings around his belly . I never appreciated a great diaper that works so much as I do now . To make it worse , I ca n't contact Amazon easily to let them know I 'm unhappy , and for the little we paid for this huge box , it does n't seem worth it to just return , pay shipping , wait for the refund ... we 'll just keep using tape , I guess . I 'm so bummed ... we 've never had a problem with Pampers or Huggies before , and I felt very relieved after reading horror stories and reviews a few have written . Now we have our own horror stories after a few incidents of defective diapers being filled with poop in ... areas of our house ... instead of ... on the baby , where it 's so much easier to clean ... I hope it will at least make for some funny stories , someday .
 I tried these diapers b/c my daughter 's diaper was leaking at night , and these were the worst of all of the diapers I tried . They even leaked during the day.If you have nighttime diaper leaks , try going up a size and buying Pampers Swaddlers or Cruisers instead!Pampers Swaddlers , Size 2-3 -LRB- 14-22 Lbs -RRB- , Economy Plus Pack , 152 SwaddlersPampers Cruisers , Size 4 -LRB- 22-37 Lbs -RRB- , Economy Plus Pack , 140 Cruisers
 it is small and uncomfortable . it can not compare with cruiser , not even Haggie .
 I had always been a loyal customer for pampers products . My son is now 11 months old and except for the first month , I had always used only pampers diapers and wipes . I have used these products in India and the quality was much better . I came to USA last month and since I had always used pampers , I went for pampers diapers again.To my dismay , the quality is so low but I thought that it would atleast work well . I have noted that it does n't last for more than 5 hours . I put the diaper on at 830PM in the night and must change it at around 2 AM in the morning . One day night I did n't change his diaper at 2 and I woke up at 3AM when my son woke up crying , I was so shocked to see the diaper gel lying all over the bed . The bed and the comforter was all covered with the gel that came out.I feel that pampers should atleast consider the health of babies and make sure that their products are upto the standards .
 These diapers seem to have gone down hill fast with regards to quality . Over the past two packages -LRB- in a span of around 20 diapers -RRB- we have had two diapers burst open at night and deposit the inner crystals all over my toddler and his crib . A big mess and who knows the effects of the crystals ? Also , my son has NEVER had a diaper rash and now has a severe case . Pampers Baby Dry diapers has been a good value in the past but will never use again .
 I have bought four boxes of this product in the past year and had been very happy with it till this latest box . We had to throw away a number of the diapers because the elastic is loose and does n't conform to the baby 's thighs at all . The waistband also tears if the baby moves a lot . Very disappointed in the poor quality .
 I purchased these for my 7-month-old . They are supposed to keep your baby `` dry '' for up to 12 hours -LRB- box states -RRB- . I 'd put these on our baby at 9 p.m. By 4 a.m. they 'd be full to the point that they had wet his sleeper -LRB- so we 'd have to change his clothes at 4 a.m. which did not help our sleeping routine . -RRB- I would buy something else and not spend the money on Pampers again . I am now using Parent 's Choice diapers from Walmart and these work better for us .
 I thought Pampers were Pampers . I was so wrong . Pampers Dry Baby diapers are very thin and when soiled are completely saturated with waste . I change my baby about every 20-30 minutes when he 's up and these diapers are awful . Overnight they are not even close to adequate , they stink & leak up his back . Just do n't bother and get Swaddlers instead . 2 stars because I got them for 16 cents each with Amazon Mom . I now have 253 diapers to get rid of because I wanted to save some $ .
 I am a dermatology practitioner and my own kids have sensitive or eczema prone skin - usually use sensitive pampers but out of stock-this diaper made my 12 month old break out within a day of using .
 It takes a lot for me to dislike a product , but these are terrible ! After a half hour the diaper would sag and look like it was extremely wet , when in reality there was hardly anything in it . They do n't seem to hold much before leaking , even doubling the diapers for overnight still does n't prevent leakage . Definitely , not something I will ever purchase again no matter how good the price is .
 We have a 5mo old baby boy and his 18pounds not 19 just yet . We just bought the # 3 on 3/5/12 . This size leaks everything!I rate # 3 A BIG ZERO . Do n't get us wrong we loved loved loved # 1 & 2 's maybe because it had the leak lock . # 3 is not made right . The plastic inside directs anything . . pee or poop right out . Our baby leaked both things from the back and around the thighs . OMG we had to change his entire outfit 4 times in one day.I wish we can get our money back but we threw the box in trash =-LRB- Diapers are expensive . Stores should have some sort of policy where parents can get their money back esp if they have not opened the 2nd pack and hardly used the 1st . I will keep you posted what happens and what we find that works for us . Good luck everyone
 I 've used Pampers Cruisers and Pull-ups and both work great ... but these Baby Dry Pampers are awful . They leak probably once a day . I 've never had this experience before with other diapers which hold the wetness much better . I will be shopping for a different kind . This is ridiculous , no way should they leak as much as they do ... very frustrating .
 We use a lot of diapers and frequently go back and forth between Pampers and Huggies as our child grows . Our 18 month-old son definitely wears size 4 but this version of Pampers seems slightly too small . Worse , the stick-on flaps are much less sticky than most diapers we use . Several times his diaper has actually come loose because the flap unsticks during the night resulting in a wet boy . Not sure if this was just a bad batch or there is something different with this particular model . We have not had problems with other Pampers in the past .
 These are awful ! They gave our son an angry red raw rash all around his pelvic area ! We even took him to the doctor thinking it may have been some time of Thrush from antibiotics ! Do not purchase these if your child has sensitive skin or may be allergic to the filler !
 I bought these after reading tons of reviews and not realizing the HUGE difference between the Baby Dry and Swaddlers or the Sensitive Pampers . The Baby Dry ones are horrible ! They are rough and hard and do not stretch AT ALL , not to mention my son poops up the back of them about every other day . So if you are debating between these and swaddlers/sentive pampers go with one of those they are so much more absorbent and softer !
 Be aware these diapers may cause an irritation on sensitive skin , to my son it was like he was burnt on his tummy , genitals and bottom . Each changing time was hell and cries like I was peeling off his skin . I switched for huggies natural cotton and evrything is fine now .
 I bought this product because it was less expensive than the Pampers Cruisers and I thought it might a comparable product . WRONG !! Simply picking up the product , you can tell it is n't made as well and has a more plastic feel to it . I only gave it 1 star because I could n't give it a `` 0 '' . By the next day , my son had a diaper rash like none I have ever seen . My husband and I have practically had to hog-tie him to put ointment on his bottom or even bathe him . He even cried when he was sitting . We switched back to Cruisers and he is healing , thankfully , but still has marks two weeks later . We will NEVER buy this product again . Do not walk , RUN from this product .
 We used Pampers swadlers and loved them . When we switched to size 4 we decided on Pampers Baby Dry . What a mistake ! Every morning we woke up to our son completely wet . These diapers do not hold enough water !
 The baby dry diapers are terrible ! I 'm so glad I did n't buy them . I received them as a shower gift . They have a plastic duct tape feel to the top portion and they left my son 's skin very moist . He literally had urine sitting on his skin when I opened his diaper . NOT my idea of a good diaper . I stick to Pampers Swaddlers or Pampers Cruisers , depending on which size you are using .
 I usually love Pampers , but the Baby Dry Pampers really irritated my little boy 's skin . He did n't have any leaks but the angry red marks on his skin negated the leak free aspect . If your baby 's skin is n't super sensitive , these would be great but if your little one has sensitive skin , skip these and go for the Swaddlers .
 I bought these diapers not realizing that they were the baby dry . I usually use the swaddlers and I love them . So when I noticed these ones were different I thought it would be okay . No way !!! I used about 5 diapers and my 2 month old son blew out of every single one ... keep in mind we have never had any blow outs before . So I definately would never recommend these diapers to anyone . Now I am stuck with 270 diapers I will never use ... ugh
 These are ok diapers for daytime use . We have blowouts almost everytime we use them overnight . My son is 22 months old , so it 's not like he has runny newborn poop anymore . I do n't even let him wear these for naps anymore because they just do n't work that well for sleep . They are very `` paper-y '' feeling compared to cruisers , which I could tolerate if they worked better . Once I finsh the rest of these I will not be purchasing them again .
 I decided to try the Pampers Dry instead of our usual Pampers Swaddlers in hopes of keeping my son more comfortable overnight , because he sleeps 8-10 hours . Huge mistake ! These diapers made him more uncomfortable . He has huge sores on his bottom from these diapers . The sores developed in a little more that 24 hours of use . It started as redness and then turned into sores . At 6 months old , he has never had an issue with redness or even had diaper rash . I feel so bad for switching . Beware .
 I have been using Pampers Swaddlers size 3 but because of the outrageous price increase I switched to Pampers Dry economy pack ... my child 's linen is now wet in the mornings and blowouts have been horrible . And now I am stuck with 2 boxes of unusable diapers . How could Pampers sell such an inferior product . I am switching to another brand and another source -LRB- such as Costco -RRB- from now on .
 I 've had to throw at least 6 onesies because of the leakage riding up my sons back :-LRB- awful my next attempt is to try pampers swaddles while he still fits into their size . Hopefully they work out since there are many good reviews .
 I ordered these after my baby grew out of Swaddlers which do n't come in a size 4 . Swaddlers were amazing ! These are terrible . She leaked with every poop and had to be changed many more times during the day . I changed to cruisers and am once again happy with Pampers . I would definitely recommend cruisers !
 I read the reviews before I buy this , I do n't know how others are not have the issue I had . Every one says this baby dry diaper is very perfect for their kid . But one couple of them mentioned it is leaking . The same thing happened with our kid . The first time I used this we saw the leak all over his dress and we thought we have n't dressed him perfectly . But that 's not true , every time we used this diaper there is leak almost 4 times out of 5 . We are not at all happy with this product . Before using this we tried Cruisers and that one is perfect . Just that because this baby dry is little cheaper than cruisers we thought of giving it a try . We learned the lesson that cheap ones wil not the great ones always . I would not recommend this to any one .
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I like these diapers , however , my son gets severe diaper rash with the pampers brand so we use Huggies and there is no rash . The best Huggies are the supremes , worth every extra penny .
 The quality difference between this and Pampers Cruisers is just amazing . We hate these diapers . I 'd actually buy store brand before buying this . You get a few less diapers when you buy Pampers Cruisers but it is well worth it to get them instead !
 Do n't buy these !!! I have always used Pampers diapers , and think they are far superior to other brands . Until , that is , I tried these Baby Dry diapers ! They leaked like crazy ! Not onece or twice , but every time I used them ! If I did n't change the baby IMMEDIATELY after them getting wet , it would soak straight through the diaper and wet her clothes ! NEVER had a problem like that with the Cruisers ... I still have an almost full package of Baby Dry because I got sick of changing clothes constantly from the leaks ! I will never buy these again -- only Pampers Cruisers from now on !!!
 Was hoping pamers would be more quality then the huggies that we normally use . But these diapers are total disappointment for us . We never want to use them for our baby at nights which leaks up and wets his bed .
 I used Pampers sensitive diapers since my baby was born . As she grows and sleeps longer through the night , I was thinking maybe this Max Dry diaper will give her even better comfort . Yet , to my surprise , it did n't . Moreover , it leaked multiple times that I had to changed her from inside out . So I returned the rest of the package and continued using my previous Pampers Sensitive ones.By the way , I never receive any partial refund on this return package !
 My daughter lives down the street from us with her husband and we keep Tricia , our grand-daughter , quite often . Joe and I love Amazon - he buys almost every tool he uses here ! So on his last order he ordered these Pampers baby Dry Economy Pack . the price was fantastic but leaks are too frequent from the sides between her legs . We wo n't be getting these again and I 'm not even sure I want to risk finishing the supply we still have ...
 I have been pleased with the regular pampers size 1 , but I 'm very disappointed with the Baby Dry Size 1 . They are significantly smaller than the regular size 1 diapers and do not cover the back of my baby , so it 's been one mess and clothing change after another .
 I have been using Pampers Swaddlers for my son -LRB- now 13 months old -RRB- and highly recommend THIS brand of Pampers . My goal was to order the same brand from Amazon but the only brand available on Amazon was Pampers Baby Dry diapers so I decided to give it a try , because after all , it is still made by Pampers , a name I trust . I do NOT recommend Baby Dry diapers . My son would stay dry in the Swaddlers but ironically he was soaking wet in the Baby Dry diapers . The diaper does not hold the wetness which would become saggy once wet and leak up the front , so he would be wet all over , in his diaper , his pjs , and his bedding , overnight in this diaper . He also developed more diaper rashes from wearing this diaper compared to the other one . I love the delivery service Amazon provides , but I will not get Baby Dry again .
 These leak so bad . Any time my 1 yr old goes number two , I have to change his clothes and mine . His PJs are soaked around the diaper if he sleeps through the night . I am terribly disappointed . I love pampers swaddlers for babies and thought I would try these to save some money , well no money was saved because I feel like I use double the diapers to keep my `` baby dry ''
 Even though they do n't leak , I hate the fact that the baby smells poop all the time . The diaper gets wet and then the baby and all his clothes smell terrible . Also I do n't like them because they do not seem as natural on the baby 's skin as the Huggies . Huggies are for sure a better option ! I will never buy them again !
 We could n't be more disappointed with these diapers . We bought them for our 20-month old daughter to wear at nighttime and not once have they kept her dry . They leak through the front , the legs , the back , you name it . Really poor quality and they 've put us off Pampers for life . Stay away .
 The overall quality of Pampers has gone down so much and babydry is worse of all . after just two hours of putting it on , it breaks and actually all the inside material comes out . I had to vacuum so many times after having such incidents . no more babydry for us .
 These are awful . I have to change these constantly because they do not pull moisture away from baby 's bottom . So annoyed that I bought such a big box .
 3 out of 7 mornings my son wakes up WET ! I have had better luck with off-brand diapers ! Very disappointed ! : -LRB- will NOT buy again !!
 My son is 4 months old and we 've been using Pampers swaddlers pretty much since birth . We bought the Baby Dry size two when they were on sale and it 's been a horror show ever since . 120 diapers and there has hardly been a day since when we have n't had to clean up an explosive diaper . My son is breast fed and he 's not on solid food so a diaper labeled `` baby dry '' SHOULD have done the trick but instead it is un-absorbant and thus very leaky . Even if the diaper has n't shot the poo up my baby 's backside while he was playing then when I place him on the changing table , it is sure to do just that , creating a mess . My husband wants to throw the diapers out , I want to give them away but it almost seems cruel to give them to someone .
 I typically use the pampers swaddlers and thought this would be a good cheaper alternative . These diapers tended to give off gel balls more and worst of all did not have a wetness indicator . Although the swaddlers are more expensive they 're definitely worth the money .
 I put my first son into Pampers , and my second son was wearing Pampers too , until today . Pampers meant quality until recently , but these overnight diapers break at the seams on the sides and leak , spilling the wet crystals . Not as an occasional accident but daily . I put my son into them during the day too , and they leak then too ! 12 hours of protection ???? They do n't even last a few hours ! I blamed my husband at first , suspecting `` bad diapering skills '' but we 've had diapers breaking daily now and it does n't matter day or night or who put the diaper on . I can only guess that Pampers changed the makeup up their diapers to cut down on costs -LRB- or rather to make more profit -RRB- . I 've been a loyal Pampers customer for the past five years , ever since the hospital nurse handed me the first tiny Pampers Swaddlers after my first son was born , and now I 'm switching . Pampers Baby Dry diapers are worthless junk . We 've started using Costco 's brand Kirkland diapers and have n't had a single accident . Shame on Pampers for ruining a good product !
 Its not what is expected . I really did ` nt like Pampers Baby dry.I have been using Pampers Swaddlers dry max since my baby was born . I had no problem with it . It was really soft and feels good . But comparatively Pampers Baby dry is not good . It looks like plastic.By seeing the price i ust got fooled . . So Beware before purchasing this product .
 These diapers absorb MUCH less than Swaddlers . They do n't have a prayer of lasting through the night despite the claim they last twelve hours . Really disappointing product .
 I was tired of the tabs on luvs and decided to go back to pampers , but when I tried both the cruisers and baby dry diapers this time around , they both gave my little guy diaper rash -LRB- they did n't do that a year and a half ago -RRB- . The baby dry did n't do it as bad as the cruisers . I love pampers products - both the baby dry diapers and the cruisers as well -LRB- great fit , quality product -RRB- , but they are useless if they give your little one diaper rash . Otherwise , amazon does a great job delivering their product .
 OK , this is the first review I have ever written for Amazon and I order most of my baby 's things through the site . I just got back back from walking around the grocery store with baby poop smeared on my shirt because of these silly diapers . We 've been using Swaddlers since birth but for some reason , between size 3 and 4 , we switched to Baby Dry ... He 's never had many issues peeing through diapers during the night or # 2 blow-outs but we 've had something happen everyday with these diapers . Today 's blow-out on the way home from work was the final straw . They do not fit as snugly around his thighs , and I think that may be causing the leaking issues . During the night , the pee soaks through the top on the front . He 's a pretty thick baby so I 'm blaming the diapers!I am switching back to Swaddlers Sensitive today .
 I 'm a new mom and was first I introduced to pampers swaddlers at the hospital ... nice fit , wetness indicator stripe , no leaks , good absorption . Well I ordered a case of babydry by mistake thinking they were all the same . I was wrong . The baby dry are ill fitting , poorly constructed diapers that do n't even need a wetness indicator because you 'll see it all around your baby 's sheets !!! You have to always make sure to fasten them up high and tight if not they 'll leak . Also if your baby has runny stools good luck . Sometimes they 'll catch it other times they wo n't . I also do n't like how they have a plastic bag feel to them . Maybe it 's just me , but my rating stays a one star .
 I wish there had been SOMETHING in the product description that said these diapers were SCENTED ! You 'd think you 'd have to claim that . Now , who knows if i 'll be able to return them as i did open the package , only to find they are scented . my kids ca n't wear these !
 I bought these because I had a really good deal . Unfortunately , the deal was too good to be true . My daughter consistently pees out of the front when she wakes up in the morning . During the day , these diapers are fine because she lets us know when she has peed . I would n't put them on at night . They tend to leave little opaque pebbles on her butt . As for the sizing , they tend to run big with tabs made for newborns . I would use these at daycare or in the diaper bag because you can get 5-6 diapers in a small bag . Right now , I would rank generic diapers from HEB -LRB- I live in Texas -RRB- better than Pampers .
 I 've been diapering babies for the last 12 years straight and have always loved pampers . My kids are sensitive to other brands so I have to use the name brands and pampers never lets me down . Until this box . I have purchased this brand/size/box count before -LRB- months ago -RRB- with no problems but for some reason every single diaper in this last box leaks . He is soaking wet every time I put one on him . It does n't matter if he 's awake or asleep he 's soaked through his onesie , shirt , and pants as soon as he goes . It 's almost as if there 's nothing absorbant in there . The urine leaks through the entire outside cover . I thought maybe it was the baby at first so I kept using them but after switching back to cruisers and another name brand in the same size no leaks at all . Now I have a huge box of expensive diapers I ca n't use . Not happy !
 Diapers are Pampers , so they work as well as any diaper . Except , that I prefer Safeway brand diapers because they hold overnight and are slightly bigger than Pampers . But , the price is comparable to Amazon.com . Delivery , on the other hand was horrible ! Box was totally ripped , torn and almost all the diapers were exposed . Deivery by UPS and I took a pic . Very disappointed Amazon did n't put box into another to protect the cheap box the diapers are orginiall packaged in .
 Great price for this product , but it caused both of my kids to have rashes . I ended up going out and buying another kind to mix with them so the rash would subside enough that we could use the diapers without wasting money and having to throw them away . These also do n't have elastic in the back waistband of the diaper ... another really nice feature in other brands .
 I began using these diapers for my newborn , but was sorely disappointed to find that the diaper offered little protection for anyone holding my baby when she had a poo . Perhaps she is oddly shaped causing the diaper to fit poorly ; however , she seems perfectly normal to me , so I am guessing it is the fault of the diaper . Every poo was a blow-out !
 When DD was first born I used Pampers Sensitive and I absolutely loved it . I 've tried Costco brand , Pampers , and Huggies . I thought I would go back to Pampers since I had such a good experience with it . This Baby Dry line just doens ' t work for us . The diaper feels overly moist after she goes number 1 , and it does n't actually seep through , perse , but it feels a little moist and it 's not a very pleasant feeling . But one pro is that it 's thin so it 's very portable . Other than that it was a big BUMMER for us : -LRB-
 Well I 'm not sure what Pampers has done but these baby dry diapers are awful . My son has been in Huggies for a long time and I thought we would give these a try since the price is a pretty good deal through Amazon . I 'm sorry I did . These are VERY thin diapers and the quality is extremely poor . These are definitely not the baby dry diapers I used on my older son a few years ago . These are completely white , no design at all . They used to have cute Sesame Street designs on them . The sides are not very stretchy and the diaper easily gets pushed down by clothing . We have had leaking at night because of this . Also , when the diaper has been on for a while -LRB- like at night -RRB- it 's like the diapers shreds a bit around the leg openings . I assume this is due to rubbing against clothing for extended periods of time . I will NOT be buying these again . I 'm sorry I bought such a big box since most of these will go to waste . Pampers Cruisers however , are great .
 Leaks at my kid 's belly -LRB- especially during his sleep or nap -RRB- , which is totally unacceptable.Pampers Swaddlers , Huggies , and even Costco 's Kirkland Signature do n't have this issue . This diaper is good for daytime only . We bought Huggies for night time or naps.Very disappointing .
 I had been a fan of Pamers brand since my baby was a just a day older . I loved pamper 's Cruiser but Baby Dry no longer keeps the baby dry . It gets saturated very quickly and sometimes leaks . With Pamper 's Baby Dry diapers , you will have to change diapers very frequently -LRB- on an average every 3 to 4 hours -RRB- as it will hold just one pee then start to sag . It is cheaper for more diapers and I thought it was a good deal but you get what you paid for . I do n't understand why so good quality name Pamper brand started producing so poor quality product . I am no longer ordering this product .
 I ordered these new born pamer diapers in advance so I would be prepared for when my baby came . To my surprise these diapers were a bit larger then the new born pamper ones the hospital sent me home with and they did n't have the stripe indicator that turns blue for when they have a wet diaper which is important when dealing with a new born . I havent used the diapers yet i ordered from Amazon because they r a bit too big for my new born , even though they say new born on the box and they do n't have the stripe indicator ... . I would n't recommend getting these new born diapers .
 Until I moved to the us I used only pampers , but I have to say that the us pampers are less good and more expensive then the israeli version.My children wake up in the middle of the night due to wet diaper , with the Israeli version of pampers it never happend
 Like many other reviewers on here , we tried Baby Dry diapers as an alternative to Swaddlers and were sorry that we did . On a baby who is still on breast milk , the diapers resulted in feces going up their back and stomach , which soaked clothing , blankets and whatever else she happen to be touching . Our daughter 's onesie was completely saturated in fecal matter , so we had to cut it off of her as to not get it on her face while trying to pull it over her head . So we lost $ 50 and a onesie , had to wash the bouncer , blanket , and my clothing , but we gained 276 useless diapers . It seems like you 'd be better off using a handkerchief instead of Baby Dry diapers . I could only imagine the damage if she were on solid foods . Now that we 're out diapers that work , we have to run to Babies-R-Us to get Swaddlers until the ones from Amazon arrive .
 I use Pampers during the day and have to switch to Huggies for our night diaper ... My son is 17 months and every other morning he wakes with a leaky diaper :o-LRB- Clothes soaked ... bed soaked ... I sent my last box back .
 Now I am sitting on a big box of diapers that do n't even fit my daughter anymore . Very disappointing since I thought that this would be a good deal .
 My oldest usually does good with her cruisers so I figured why not when i bought these for my youngest ! Every 30 minutes she 'd be soaked and on top of that , everytime she pooped she had blowouts ruining about 5 of her sleepers . I do not blame Amazon for this , but NEVER in my life will I buy babydry again !
 This is the worst diaper I ever tried . I used the fisher price brand or luvs , I saw this on sale and was mislead by the 12 hour overnight protection advertisement which turns out to be more like2 hours . Maybe that was a typo LOL . Seriously this is not worth a dime and do n't waste your money you will be wiping poop and peep of the floor in no time . They are no match for my 20 months old daughter
 Pampers changed their diapers and added a new material -LRB- or substance -RRB- that I can only guess is suppossed to absorb moisture . It is TERRIBLE !!! It has given my littlt guy the worst diaper rash . The first box of diapers I received was great . The fit was perfect and they were identical to the ones in the hospital . The next box was totally different with that new strip and they are just awful . Do not buy them unless they are without the strip -LRB- will be white in color and just have Sesame characters -RRB- . The ones with the strip are blue with sesame characters .
 The diapers were great . I made the mistake of signing up so Amazon would send me diapers every month . I canceled , because my child is know potty trained . Amazon still charged me for the month of October and I have been trying to get them to fix it for 5 days . Everyone keeps saying that my card did not get charged when it did . I ca n't find anyone that can take care of my issue and Customer Service does not seem to care .
 These diapers are TERRIBLE . I bought them , hoping that they would keep my daughter nice and dry all night long when she sleeps for 12 hours . When she woke up in the morning , her sleeper was wet and her skin was very wet as well , inside the diaper . The diaper did not keep her dry like it claimed it would . Her Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers kept her way drier then this diaper ! When she wears those all night , they soak up everything and her skin is still pretty dry the next morning . I will never use Baby Dry again .
 When my son wheres Pampers , the poop always rides up his back . I am very disappointed in these diapers and ca n't believe all the positive reviews . I gave it 2 stars because it does hold in pee alright for 3-4 hours max . These diapers do n't perform as well as Huggies Snug & Dry .
 So I bought these diapers because I have used the Swaddlers before with success . My daughter is 9 weeks old , 10 pounds and uses size 1 . For anyone that has not used Swaddlers , the difference between the two is clearly the quality as the diaper is much thinner , almost paper thin . Upon the first use of this diaper , I noticed that after a 2 hour nap , my daughter 's onesie was was wet . I gave the diaper another chance , and had exactly the same issue . I would not recommend this diaper as I believe the whole purpose of a diaper is to keep the baby dry .
 Felt cheap to the touch , very thin . AND THEY ARE SCENTED . I looked at the item posting AND the box and nowhere does it say scented . These arrived and they had a floral smell . I was not happy
 I do n't know if this a &#34; 2nds &#34; product . When the same product was bought at Target , the fit was great , no leaking , no blowouts . When bought through Amazon ... nothing but problems . The only reason delivery continued is because I forgot to terminate it , then my baby was on to a different size .
 I like Pampers Dry for almost everything , except the fastening tab . I had tried every way
 They caused diaper rash . I changed to Huggies and they were gone . We have used pampers over last 6 years for my kids but i will never use Baby - Dry again .
 Good deal for the price ? NNOOOOO , they are the worst diapers and they rip off -LRB- Literally the velcro Rips off every other time -RRB- and the diapers are so flimsy and can not hold anywhere near the cruisers . this is the first time I ever bought them thinking they should be ok as my son is old enough to go to some economical diapers . big mistake , from last two days we had 3 leaks and two diapers velcro ripped off while trying to put the diaper . Save your self some trouble and stay away from this diaper . still do ot understand how it got such high ratings , may be people may not have tried the cruisers .
 Pampers Cruisers are the better of the Pampers diapers . I would not recommend this particular type , as they leak . Still better than most ...
 I 've been using Amazon Mom for a while now and I love the service . I 've also been trying out various types of diapers since my little guy was born . We brought home Pampers from the hospital and they seemed to be just fine . Since then , we 've used Huggies , Kirkland -LRB- Costco -RRB- brand , and Luvs , too . And , honestly , I did n't have a problem with any of those three . I stopped buying the Costco brand when Amazon.com started beating their price with the Amazon Mom program.I 've had a huge box of Pampers sitting in my closet for almost a month and since we just ran out of the last shipment , I finally opened these up . I 've been using them for a week and I am thoroughly disappointed in these diapers . They feel and look great , but my baby has leaked each time I 've put him down in these . EACH TIME . Granted , he is a bigger guy and drinks 10-12 ounces a meal now , but come on . Even during a two hour nap he wakes up in wet clothing and yet another sheet change for me . And we simply did n't experience this with any other diaper we 've tried . I ca n't explain it , but I 'm so frustrated that we 've had to change him twice as often and are burning through this box of diapers . Pampers are the most expensive diapers out there and they have just been nothing but a pain . We stopped attempting to use these at night and have been using Huggies Overnights with great success.After this box is used up we 're going back to Luvs or Huggies . I 'm going to change my Subscription right now . : -LRB-
 After getting a box of these diapers -LRB- all defected -RRB- , Amazon 's great customer service replaced the box with Luvs . The diapers also tend to sag and leak . I really do not recommend them to any mom and I know I would n't purchase them again !
 The price was great for my twin grandsons . After a month both babies developed a severe rash from the baby dry diapers . Other Mom 's have said the same thing . Now they have switched to Huggies .
 I purchased Pampers Baby Dry size 4 thinking it was a good price for the Brand Name . However , only a couple hours after placing the diaper on my baby , it began to leak through the front panel . The diaper was hardly full , but my baby 's clothes were damp . These diapers definitely do n't make it through the night either . All the diapers in this box have been this way . Maybe my Pampers box was a just a lemon . Good luck .
 I bought a pack of the Baby Dry diapers for what I thought would be for night-time use and use our Cruiser subscription for day use . We have a 20-mos boy and we do not like the Baby Dry at all ; my son has woken up a few times with urine soaked shirts and shorts so aside from being unhygenic , these diapers just lack the quality or thickness that the Cruisers are so we 'll be cancelling our subscription for them . LOVE CRUISERS for day and overnight use though .
 I have 4 boys and have always alternated -LRB- for price -RRB- between Pampers and Huggies . Both diapers have gone downhill in the last 6 months . They have less absorbency , the top of the diaper in the front constantly explodes and overnight is out of the option . The strip is not as wide to catch urine , it 's been cut down . Constantly waking up with both my twins soaking wet , the diaper has exploded and the more generic absorbing material sticks to everything . We 've had to change out the sheets , clothes and anything else everyday . Several times , the diapers have ripped apart so bad , they needed immediate baths from all the gel coming out . I 've grown more concerned , that since it 's coming out so bad , it 's coming out of the buttons of their clothes and them eating it . Is this a ploy to get people into buying the almost 3 times more expensive overnights ? I do n't know , but they certainly are n't what they have been for the last 8 years .
 Having used Pampers for the last year and been very happy with them I was more than shocked when this last box arrived and the absorbency pad was half as thick as it used to be . Needless to say - my son ca n't even make it through a nap without soaking through his diaper let alone the night time . I am now switching to Huggies in hopes of not having to get up at 3am to changed a sopping wet , screaming child .
 I tried these because I used Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers in the past and liked them -LRB- before switching to 7th Generation diapers temporarily because of concerns over my baby 's skin sensitivity -RRB- . The price enticed me to buy these , and I was really disappointed . They felt cheap and the performance was poor . LOTS of leaking , in my opinion . Her sheets and clothes all smelled like urine continuously . I could n't wait to get rid of them . I bought Cruisers in the same size to replace them , and they were a lot bigger . Just an opinion , but to me I 'd rather pay more for diapers that work better .
 We have always used Pampers Swaddlers and loved them , but they only go up to size 3 . Now that my daughter is 14 months old , we needed to move her to size 4 . I ordered an economy pack of Pampers Baby Dry diapers and she has a terrible rash . I do n't think she has particularly sensitive skin , either . We 've tried Pampers Cruisers before and will definitely be moving back to those . Although , I do n't like this particular product of Pampers , it 's the only brand that does n't leak for us !
 Got two kids have used tons of diapers from various brands big and small - but was never appalled at its quality like my experience with this one . These diapers invariably leak on a regular basis and seem to have very little absorption capacity . Its hard to believe that this comes from Pampers , I have been pretty satisfied with them in the past . I hope this is a one-off , but it does make me a little apprehensive picking up Pampers again .
 I have a 2 Year old boy and ever since he was born I use Pampers because they where the best product that work . I started with Pamper swaddlers , baby dry , cruisers and night time pampers . For the 36 months of using this product I had a couple of licks as usual but recently Pampers Baby Dry are not the same . THE DIAPER QUALITY HAS CHANGED ; they are thinner and feel just like any generic brand diaper and they do n't hold up to 12 hours as they claim . After using many diaper brands I chose Pampers because I had less licks but now it does n't matter . I 'm very disappointed because I spend a lot of money on diapers that are not up to the price . My Son 's Baby Dry Diapers is just as good as generic diapers now . After 36 months o buying the same diaper I noticed the difference on the quality change ; thank you Pampers Inc for making a despicable quality Diaper for a higher price .
 Since my daughter started sleeping on her belly she would wake up every night in the middle of the night with her clothes all wet . So I tried this diaper and now instead of getting all wet once a night , it 's been happening twice a night . It 's worse than regular diapers and the bottom coverage is not wide enough for a baby 's bottom -LRB- my baby is not big , she 's in the 50th percentile -RRB- .
 My review comments apply to Amazon 's shipping rather than the product itself . I recently subscribed to Amazon Mom and was rudely surprised to see that my regular two day shipments have started taking almost 10 days to arrive !! I wish Amazon would let us know in advance that they would be stopping the two day free shipping that came with the prime membership , if we enroll ourselves in Amazon Mom . Very disappointing indeed !
 I thought these would be great for my wee one , I have been using swaddlers and loved them . After just a short time everything was wet and damp eww gross gross gross gross . So I will use what I have left and move on to another style and if they do n't work too well i will move on to another brand .
 Worst Diapers ever !! I 've been using these diapers for three days and they have been nothing but stress to me . These diapers truly leak even if they are not full . The material that they are made of tear very easily if I even carry my 22 month old daughter the wrong way . I was completely dissatified when I used them when she was a size 3 , and I 'm upset that I allowed myself to buy these again . They were only a few cents cheaper than the Huggies Snug and Dry which do n't leak at all . I used to have great respect for Pampers but I refuse to waste my time with the company to call and complain . I am embarassed to give these to someone , and will end up just donating them .
 I have been using Baby Drys -LRB- via Amazon Mom -RRB- on my now 11 mo old for several months with no problems . There has been either an unannounced product change or a problem with this batch of diapers , as my child developed a severe diaper rash . The doctor confirmed it was a contact rash and the only recent change is this new box of diapers . Unfortunately , we 'll be switching brands for at least the time being.Despite this problem , Amazon 's customer service was great and promptly issued a refund for this product . I was pleased with the service .
 These are THE worst diapers I have ever used . I have never had soooo many leaks , soaked through diapers , messes all over my son , in his 28 months of life , than I have with this pack of Pampers Diapers . I will never buy Pampers again & will share my opinion to others .
 I generally order stuff from amazon and diapers and baby wipes are sure from amazon . This packaging was complete waste . Almost 50 % of diapers that came had faulty belt . One of the sticker belts of the diapers wouldnt stick at all . Which caused more that 50 % wastage .
 I bought the XL case of Pampers Baby dry in size 3 and after only 5 diapers my son has a horrible rash on his entire back where the diaper touches.My son 's skin is not sensitive and we have used Pampers swaddlers , Hugggies Snugglers , Huggies Snug n Dry , Parents Choice and Comforts -LRB- kroger -RRB- brand and he has never had any issue.now I am stuck with this XL case of diapers .
 It seems virtually impossible to just contact Amazon and tell them there was a problem with my order without writing a review or packing up the diapers in the huge box , printing out a mailing label and returning them . The diapers I 've been ordering monthly -LRB- Subscribe and Save -RRB- for a long time came and when I opened the plastic packing , they appeared to have been pre-wet . They had that crunchy , beady texture that diapers get when they are exposed to water . Of course , the whole reason I have them on order monthly is because I need them regularly and these came just in time -- I had run out of diapers . I have 3 kids , 3 and under and I ca n't easily get to the store to get more diapers so I had to use these gross diapers on my daughters AND now I have to return them to get a refund ?? Something is broken with this system .
 These diapers literally FALL APART at night . Even with my son who has a pretty servere case of urine reflux -LRB- not all his urine fliters out -RRB- and these diapers decingrate -LRB- sp -RRB- This morning I spend almost 30 minutes trying to clean off the little gel balls of the diaper material off my son and changing table !! So if you have a baby that can sleep through the night and you do n't want to spend 30 minutes at the changing station , spend a couple extra dollars and buy the pampers extra protection , or HUGGIES !!!
 I am a amazon customer since Aug2010 but i never had this kind of experience that my account is charged several times in a month and same product is dumped into my home.When check with the customer care they are saying i might hit the button several times so my subscription duplicated and hence i am receiving the same product multiple time.I do n't know how it is possible.Finally i am able to cancel my account.So be care full when you are subscribing and check you account -LRB- credit/debit -RRB- attached to the subscription frequently .
 We used Pampers sensitive swaddlers for my son but by the time he was size 3 they did not work . The swaddlers did n't have good protection and he would poop out of them . We decided to try baby dry . They are awful every diaper he either pees or poops out of . Now I am constantly washing his clothes and going through at least 3 outfits a day . I am really not happy with Baby Dry . I loved Pampers but a friend of mine told me she had same problem with the larger sizes of Pampers and had to switch to huggies . : -LRB-
 These diapers are dangerous and should be on recall . Pampers should be sued and put out of business . I was so surprised to find out that the extreme rash problem with my twin girls -LRB- yeah both of them -RRB- was caused by these diapers . I say this because since birth I have used Pampers and up until my daughters started using size 4 there was no diaper rash let alone this severe.I am disgusted that I failed to recognized the source of the problem earlier , but that just goes to tell you how much faith in the Pamper name we as parents had . I have no idea what is the difference between size 4 and the lower sizes , but I will NEVER buy a Pamper product again.My girls had such extreme diaper rash that they bled . We kept on blaming it on the heat and the baby wipes and even the diaper rash cream . We must have 10 different types of diaper rash cream in the house.Believe me when I say that in this size -LRB- size 4 -RRB- the diaper is different , they did something , added/switched/deducted some ingredient.I do n't know if the reviews for this diaper that received 5 stars are reviewing the size 4 or other sizes but they should allow this particular size to be reviewed by itself.Read all the one star review , almost everyone had the same problem . Over 100 reviews regarding diaper rash.Don ' t let the low price allow you to buy this dangerous product . I will be contacting Pampers directly as well as Amazon to inform them about this problem , in which I 'm sure they both already know about , because I 've seen reviews of Pamper representatives.BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Big mistake buying these diapers . Baby dry technology does not work apparently - got several leaks . Will get Dry Max next time .
 We 've been getting Pampers Baby Dry from a Wholesale club for a while now , with no problems -LRB- my son is 13 months , in size 4 -RRB- . I saw the price on Amazon and with the 30 % off , it was a great deal . However , when the box arrived the diapers smelled AWFUL -- chemical-like . I gave them a day to air out , which they did , but in the next few days of using them my son has developed a terrible diaper rash . He has only had tiny rashes 3-4 times in the past , but this one is continuous and awful-looking . We are discontinuing use of these particular ones immediately , and going back to the Wholesale club . I do n't think it 's Baby Dry , per se , but the shipment that Amazon has . It really upsets me that they would offer inferior diapers at such a reduced price -- they need to be tossed and NEVER touch a baby 's skin .
 We went from Swaddlers Sensitive to Baby Dry and were so disappointed after less than a week that we gave them away and went back to the Swaddlers . First of all not only did they leak urine -LRB- EVERY night woke up soaked -RRB- but even during the day when I changed my four month old 's diaper after only a couple of hours his skin was very damp . Now he 's never had a diaper rash , and all Ive ever used to keep him dry were the swaddler and baby powder but with these diapers I started using desitin just to keep the urine off his skin . They also couldnt hold in his poops . EVERY time he pooped -LRB- not exaggerating -RRB- it was a complete blow out , down his legs , up the back of his clothes . We NEVER had this problem with the Swaddlers . I also have to agree with the post about them being too thin , feeling recycled and rough against babys skin . The Swaddlers are MUCH better .
 I purchased the Pampers Baby Dry by mistake and I hated them . They leak and they are hard . Pampers Swaddlers are excellent they NEVER leak , they are soft and comfortable for my baby boy . Stick with the Swaddlers or you 'll not only be changing the babies diaper more often but you 'll be changing the babies clothes and bedding too .
 I bought these diapers after using the pampers swaddlers and these are the worst diapers ever ! The smell of urine seeps through the diapers . Also , they do not absorb at all ... not worth the savings !
 I have been using baby dry for a year with the subscribe of Amazon . All the past papers from size 3 to 5 are so good that I found the baby dry diaper is the best on market and Amazon did give great price for it.Lately , I got a box of diapers those are very different from what I used to have . The box size is 172 diapers instead of 156 , for which I guess it is the new packing , but should be the same product . Unfortunately , I was wrong . The diaper is very different . All the diapers give out so strong smells that gave me headache . The smell is like the bad play mat or some foam you could find in the cheap way . I then ordered a replacement , and the same thing happened . I have to return . And I guess I would not buy diapers on Amazon anymore .
 My almost-5-month-old has never had any diaper other than a Pampers diaper on his body ! I swear by Pampers!But , even though they are less expensive , the Baby Dry type are not worth it ! I found them cheap looking and feeling -LRB- they could have been mistaken for a store brand . -RRB- The absorbancy in the seat of the diaper was so bad , my son would wake up from a short nap and the seat of his outfit would be wet -LRB- there was not a fit issue , he was the correct weight for the size I bought , and the leakage was not from the top of the back or sides of the diaper , but literally from the seat . -RRB- From now on , I will definitely stick with the Pampers Swaddlers type .
 These pampers are not good quality as compared to same brand product available on any other retailer store . The problem with these pampers are the poor absorption and also the velcora waist is not good quality . I would not recommend for future buy .
 I do n't often write reviews but I feel I need to . I have twin girls and have found that everytime I use Pampers they leak . The sizing is correct based on the label but they do not absorb enough through the night . I have had to change sheets many times . I do not find this happens with other diapers and Pampers are expensive .
 These pampers were the worst , my son was soaked . Every nightI Switched to o overnight ones which are great , no leaks
 The quality of these diapers just does n't compare to Huggies . They do n't hold up overnight for my 18 month old . I 'm just sorry I bought 192 of these diapers !
 I was shocked at how poor these diapers were for a name brand . My 2 year old would constantly pee through these after being in one for only an hour ! The Target diapers and the Huggies work much better for my son .
 I bought many times pampers but this product seems to me particular bad . The pad in the middle is so thin that does n't hold much urine . Stay away from this one !
 Decided to try these as a cheaper alternative to Earths Best diapers . Since I read they do n't have Drymax , I thought it would be okay to use . Within the first day of use , my child started getting a reddish rash . It went away as soon as we stopped using these . My feeling is that it is due to the blue colored absorbent material and/or the scent . I did not realize the diapers had a scent , since I was used to the EB diapers .
 The price was nice but the performance is lacking . Our son can soak one of these full in a few hours and has more leaks with these . We do n't dare use these overnight and just use them during the day -LRB- We use Huggies Snug & Dry Size 3 at night -RRB- . Even during daytime use , he still will leak once in a while with these . It might be partly a sizing issue since these are larger than the equivalent 3 in the Huggies . We wo n't be getting these again after this pack runs out .
 I love pampers swaddlers , but these are less expensive for a reason . The Baby Dry line has the blue colored inner liner -LRB- gel ? -RRB- which is not as absorbent as swaddlers . The first diaper we tried leaked after just about 1 hour of use . We sent the box back and bought the swaddlers again . Amazon made the return easy , and even set up the UPS pickup at our door , which was a plus .
 They are OK diapers . We have always bought Huggies , and after using these diapers , are firmly believe in Huggies . These get full too quickly and then becomes very very hard to deal with . Our duaghter was n't comfortable in these either , and constantly complained .
 Same story here ! I have been using Pampers Swaddlers for a while before buying this after reading through the reviews . What a huge mistake ! It never keeps my 4 month old baby dry , I have to keep changing it as soon as he pees . I 'll never buy it again !!!
 We Liked the swaddlers . Now that my daughter is older we needed protection and switched to huggies snug and dry .
 If you like smelling pee all day long , buy these diapers . Do n't get me wrong , I love pampers . I love Pampers swaddlers . We have been huge fans since day one in the NICU with the micro preemie pampers that were smaller than a credit card and still too big.Yes , these hold in the pee but good lord you smell it . With technology in diapers , spend a few more dollars and go with the swaddlers . If you buy them on amazon with the prime membership you 'll get a better deal .
 At your peril let your child fill one of these diapers eg during a long overnight sleep or nap ... The diapers literally explode and you will find bits of soaked absorbent material all over the place . These are not as absorbent as other leading brands and when they are wet they also feel wet on the outside . I expected so much more from pampers
 I do n't normally write reviews unless I feel strongly about them , positive or negative . I feel so strongly negative about Pampers Baby Dry that I felt compelled to write this review . These diapers leak all the time . And not just when they 're full - they leak even when the diaper is brand new and dry . They leak so astoundingly bad , that it 's as if there is no diaper there at all . It surprises me , because I 've actually had a great experience with Pampers Cruisers . I thought Baby Dry would be just as good as the Cruisers , but that has n't been the case . I 'd imagine that because every baby 's body is built a little different , different diapers will fit better than others , so not everyone will have the same experience with the same diaper . All I can say is that , for my son , Baby Dry is about as bad as they can get . I 'd go with Pampers Cruisers instead .
 I used Pampers exclusively for the first year of my son 's life and loved them -LRB- Swaddlers , then Cruisers -RRB- . I stopped using them when they added the Dry-Max , because I heard so many bad things about it . I switched to Up & Up , which I like a lot . I was afraid my baby would have a bad reaction to the Dry-Max . I was under the impression that Baby-Dry did n't have the Dry-max in it . It does n't say dry-max on the box , anyhow . I got a great deal on a huge box , so I decided to try them . I started using them on Monday , and by Wednesday my son 's behind was broke out and inflamed . So now I have 130 + diapers I wo n't use . Of course , not everyone will have the same problem . But I 've tried several brands
 We prefer the Swaddlers ! Much more roomy - big difference between these and the Swaddlers . We wo n't order these again !
 I purchased 204 Pampers Baby Dry Diapers . They are different from ones I have bought in the past . The first week we used them , my 10 month old son peed through his diaper two nights -LRB- which he had never done previously -RRB- in the middle of the night . They are thin and do not stand up to wetness the way other pampers do . Now I have to go out and buy night diapers to get through all these diapers . I will never buy these again .
 When I had my son 8 years ago , I swore by Pampers . They were the only brand I used . I recently tried them for my one year old daughter after using another brand and in just one week I can not believe the amount of leaks we have had !! She is constantly soaking right through them . They sag in the back with only a small amount of liquid in them . My husband is begging me to go back to our old brand , which I am promptly going to do . I do n't know if these diapers work better on boys than on girls or if they have just changed them . I HATE them ! Terrible .
 I have to believe we got a defective lot , but the right hand side adhesive tab tears itself free on about 2 out of 3 diapers that we put on our newborn -- after the diaper is on the baby and her clothes are buttoned up . We have resorted to medical tape to hold the diapers together . This is our 3rd child , so we 're pretty sure we are n't trying to put them on too tight .
 The material in these Pampers are supposed to make them thinner but more absorbent . It seems to good to be true , and I think it is . The diapers are indeed thinner and more flexible than the older Pampers and other brands . They are less bulky on baby , which is nice aesthetically and probably comfort-wise for baby . But I have not been impressed by these diapers ' absorbency or leak prevention . Since I started using these , my baby has woken up from naps with pee leaks on her tummy -LRB- she sleeps on her stomach -RRB- . This did not used to happen . With these diapers , I have to be sure to change them very frequently or she will have a leak . Not that I advocate leaving wet diapers on babies for long periods of time , but these diapers just do n't seem to cut you any slack on forgetting to watch the clock . I would n't dare use these overnight , I 'm sure my daughter would be swimming in pee in the morning if I did . I use the Huggies Overnights for bedtime and they keep it all in for 11 hours at a time.I 've also found that this thinner design just feels flimsy to me . I 've felt like the diapers feel wet on the outside much much sooner than they should . And I guess this is a good thing - but it is very hard to tell when there is liquid in them because they do n't seem to `` change '' much when they get wet , like some other diapers . I think I actually prefer a little diaper swelling just so I know by touch that is is time to change.I guess I do n't see that these diapers offer any advantage over other brands , unless you really hate how bulky other diapers are . I , for one , just want my diapers to hold in baby waste effectively , and I feel that these do n't do as good of a job of that as others . I 'm going to go back to using Huggies .
 I am so disappointed in these diapers . They are cheap and plasticy feeling . Also , They are not absorbant at all . I thought all Pampers diapers were wonderful until these . I wish I could get my money back because I cenrtainly will not be using the rest of them . I am on the subscribe and save and these are the only ones I can get for size 2 .
 I ordered these before our son was born . At the time , I did n't know the difference between the swaddlers and the baby dry . Well , I learned the hard way as these leak like CRAZY . I can not convey how truly awful these are . Please spare yourself the pain and do n't get these diapers . Baby dry is awful .
 These diapers have a weird high-cut fit , and our 2 1/2 year old has peed through them ENORMOUSLY both of the first two nights he wore them . Wet down to his feet . They just do n't seem to have enough absorbency for the job .
 I have been using these diapers for both of my girls for years . My last Subscribe and Save box landed on my doorstep last week and my 15 month old daughter has had welts and red hot rashes on her diaper area ever since . I hope that this does n't happen to anyone else and that whatever has changed is fixed quickly . For now I will switch to Seventh Generation.Last week I received my box on my doorstep and due to the new frustration free packaging , could n't open the box with my hands anymore due to all the tape on top of the box . This makes it a bit of a frustration , instead of less .
 We did n't like these AT ALL . I am a big fan of swaddlers , and these are nothing like the soft , meshy swaddlers . These are crunchy and thin like store-brand diapers . With swaddlers I could easily let my 3 month old go overnight without a diaper change , but these leaked all over the front of me when I picked him up in the morning . Hated them .
 I have always used huggies , but the price was great on these pampers and hospitals use them so I figured they must be great . First , they leak and separate when wet . I put them on my baby at night and he wakes up with wet clothes . When walking around the gell is saggy and it separates into sagging pockets . These diapers are of the same quality as a noname brand of diaper ... they really suck and I ca n't wait to get rid of them but its going slow since I ordered 192 of them !!!!!!!
 Not Worked on my baby ... . he drinks plenty of water . . so obviously tooks more diapers at night times ... i was keep on changings 2 or 3 times every night ... it didnt set for babies who takes plenty of water
 These diapers leek up the back when my baby poops ! Then got to waste time and change her shirt with poop and whatever else the poop got on ! Annoying !!
 We switch to pampers for the savings but my son developed a terrible rash . After a week -LRB- treating him in the meantime with lotions , skin barriers and other topical creams -RRB- , we got back to Hughies and his rask got clearly better in a couple of days . We used pampers swadllers before wihtout any problems . I found in the internet other people with similar issues :[ ... -RSB- If your kid has allergies or delicate skin , I will say to do not use this diapers .
 I purchased these diapers thinking that Pampers is a good brand . These were terrible ! A tiny amount of pee would fill these and make them very tight . I will never buy again !
 I assumed since these are a well-known brand , that they would work well . They are the worst diapers I have ever used - pee leaks stright through them , ie if you do n't change the baby pretty often , their clothes will be soaked more than once a day . How am I going to use up these 200 + diapers ? Ugh .
 I prefer the Pampers Swaddler , It was my mistake I got the wrong kind but had already placed my order and didnt realize that they were n't swaddler . Gave my poor baby a rash . These diapers are too thin for my baby . Not pleased at all
 Diapers do n't absorb wetness at all , everything goes through clothes ! Super thin too ! Do n't buy it ! Waste of money for sure !
 This is the worst diaper we ever tried . After my 20 months old daughter go to bad -LRB- changing diaper at 9pm -RRB- we have to change it at around 4am , otherwise she -LRB- her outfit , bad and comforter -RRB- will be totally wet by the morning . We had no other diaper with such an experience . During daytime it is even worse , sometimes it start letting thru everything after few hours . We use 5-7 diapers a day whereas we needed only 3-4 from cruisers . This simply have not enough absorbent to stay dry for 12 hours -LRB- as advertised -RRB-
 this is the worst experience ever , the cheaper LUVS brand is much better ! do n't buy this diapers , I hate hate hate them , my daughter wakes up with all her clothes wet ; I change it 2 times at night !
 THESE DIAPERS ARE HORRIBLE . I ALWAYS BUY THE PAMPERS CRUISERS BUT SINCE THE STORE WAS OUT OF STOCK I THOUGHT PAMPERS MAKES THESE AS WELL SO THEY MUST BE GOOD AS WELL . WELL I WAS WRONG MY DAUGHTER WEARS THEM FOR HALF AN HOUR AND HER PEE PASSES THROUGH THE DIAPER . THEY SHOULD MAKE IT TO AN HOUR AT LEAST . ONE PEE AND I HAVE TO CHANGE HER DIAPER . HORRIBLE I CA N'T BELIEVE PAMPERS MAKES THESE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE DIAPERS !!!
 I bought pampers baby dry for my new born . An absolute waste of money . Used only a few and i already hate them . Leaks , and becomes a wet cottony ball , and does not fit right will not suggest this to a friend ! And will not use then ever !!! I have the entire box just sitting and collecting dust !
 I have a two year old . We have been ordering this diaper for over a year now from Amazon . This last shipment has been very poor in that the sides rip everytime I try to `` fasten '' them across her legs/hips . I am very disappointed in the pampers product at this point . Over half of the current package opened has ended in this fashion . I am having second thoughts about my next shipment hoping it is not just the diapers Amazon ships for Pampers .
 These diapers are junk ! I recently tried some Pampers again and they were terrible ! The tabs would rip off half the time and this would really make my husband disgruntled ! I told him Pampers are supposed to be the `` best '' in the diaper area ! He told me to stick with the Huggies ! Boys and girls , quality , price , Huggies are the way to go in our household ! I would not recommend these diapers for anyone , unless you like throwing unused daipers into the garbage can !
 I liked pamper baby dry size 4 . So I tried size 5 and expected it to last long . However , the size 5 one is so much thinner than size 4 .
 Some of the diapers in the box had a strange stain on them ! Had to throw them out . What a waste . LM for Amazon to provide a refund .
 Well these diapers are ok as far as soaking capacity goes and I did n't have any problem with leaks . Size is pretty accurate as well.My problem with these diapers is the green color on the inside -LRB- that touches baby 's skin -RRB- , with strong chemically smell . We got Pampers at hospital as well , and they had similar smell . But green on these makes them even more unappealing . After having used other brands and cloth diapers for a long time , I just could n't get past the smell and decided to cancel my subscription .
 The baby dry diapers left a rash on my baby . Not a diaper rash another kind of rash . I will never use these again .
 Do not buy diapers from Amazon . Your order will likely not ship unti lafter a couple of months or one fine day you will discover that your order has been cancelled because they ran out of stock . Not only that if your original order had multiple items on it and had qualified for free shipping they will charge you the shipping amount even though they are unable to fulfil this part of your order . I have voiced this concern strongly to CS and believe this is a false business practice they are following . If I were you I 'd stay away from diaper shopping at Amazon .
 Placed an order on 09/08/04 , today is 10/08/04 . I 've been waiting for 1 month already and it still has not been shipped !!! Are you challenging the customers ' patience ???
 I have been using Pampers cruisers with both of my kids , and never had any problems . But recently decided to try baby-dry diapers , and now very dissapointed that I even decided to try . For the last few nights my little girl woke up crying , because she was wet from head to toes . Baby-dry diapers are fine for daycares where the child is changed every hour , but they are horrible for the night time . I would never buy them again !
 Great Diapers.As of December 2004 -- Shipping is no longer a problem . Ships out within a couple of days , and received with in ten . Free shipping . Got ta love that.Give 5 stars , but unable to edit the stars -- only the review .
 I ve always been a pampers user . . used cruisers size 5 for my son 2 yrs old and 32 lbs and they were great at daytime and used huggies overnight at bedtime ... my husband got a giant box of these by mistake from a store , they were cheaper so I decided to give them a try . . BAD DECISION . . not soft at all and they leak after one hour of wearing them , terrible . . and they are smaller than cruisers so they do n't fit well . . DO NOT BUY
 I have been using Pampers Cruisers for the longest . One night I ran out and I had to run to the store to buy some more . They did not have the Cruisers but instead had these . I purchased them thinking if I had as much success with the Cruisers then these should not be much different from those . W R O N G !! I could n't wait to get rid of these !! EVERY Morning my son would be soaked through the diaper , sheets all wet , and very smelly ! These hardly hold anything through the night ! The name is not fitting what so ever ! I actually ca n't believe that Pampers would even put their name on something like this ! The diaper is thin , cheap , and honestly a headache ! If you want something that is guaranteed to hold through the night , without any of these problems , go with the Pampers Cruisers ! Because these right here are a total waste of money , manufacturing , and time ! Major Fail !!!
 We bought this baby dry I think this is great mistake done by me . Its getting wet so soon . Before we were using cruisers but we thought why do n't we try this once . Never ever buy this pampers baby dry .
 They leak , they do NOT hold my daughter over through the night , they do not hold in the poop , they are thin and useless , and are loose around the leg after only an hour of wear . I opted for these instead of Huggies because I got a great deal on them ... I 'll never make that mistake again !
 use it as not using , the diaper even broke on the side ... . never buy it again !!!!! it make skin rash , . babd bad bad !!!
 i used ordered these because i thought they might have the netting in it and i heard those were good but they arnt they have like sand or something . they are just too bulky and i got size 2 because pampers cruisers size 3 were pretty big but these were too small . sxo i had to change her ALOT multiple times during the night so i gues i shoulda got a smaller pack to try out then to just go crazy and order the HUGE BULK lol but thats my fault . i like the pampers cruisers VERY SOFT . and nice .
 My kids both wore Pampers . The last few times I 've bought Pampers for my youngest they fall apart so easily . He does n't even wear them that long before he has stringy diaper hanging off . I tried to chalk the first box off as maybe its a defective box or that he is so active . But after 3 boxes I know longer believe it . It does n't leak , but just seems to fall apart -LRB- hard to describe -RRB- no matter if he 's worn them for 5 min or longer . I ca n't wait until he is fully potty trained so he wo n't need them anymore . I am very disappointed
 The fragrance on this product is egregiously intense . In fact , I tried to air twenty of them out in a closed room and the air in that room over a matter of days would make you light headed and naseus . Do n't buy them !
 Pampers are actually an okay brand of diaper , however I put one on my daughter with sensitive skin -LRB- and eczema -RRB- and she immediately broke out in a rash in every area the diaper touched ! I could not use the rest of the package and the rash took several days to go away . If your baby has sensitive skin at all , stay away from Pampers . Huggies work best .
 I used Pampers Baby Dry for my 2-year-old daughter with no problems . I started my youngest daughter on Swaddlers after she was born and when she started having leaks , we switched to Pampers Baby Dry diapers . They seemed okay at first , but then the leaks started again . She would leak out of the legs and would have blowouts out of the back . It was very frustrating for me . I know that the same diapers do n't work for all babies , and this was the case for us ! We 're now using Target 's Up & Up diapers with no issues !
 I love Pampers products and bought these with complete confidience but I was extremely disappointed.These diapers are awful , they do not hold anything and they caused my daughter to have a rash . I only wish I had bought Cruisers .
 First time I 've ever bought the Pampers brand and it was indeed a waste of money . I bought size 2 for my baby girl who is 13 1/2 pounds at almost 4 months old . The old size 1 's from Target were getting a little snug . The Pampers diapers fit her well but she leaks everywhere at night . We are talking after only 6 to 8 hours of sleeping though . Not the 12 hours Pamper guarantee 's . I am so upset with these diapers that I will be calling Pampers myself and doing a product complaint . I 'm not one to complain and I 've never written a review in my life but I felt I had to warn other parents.I have to change her twice in the middle of the night -LRB- when she wakes up for feedings -RRB- so she is n't soaked through by morning . I 'm pretty sure I 'm not doing anything different then other parents out there . My daughter is exclusively breastfed and pees just like any other baby . Also during the day it seems she only pees once or twice and the diapers look like they 're going to leak.I did subscribe and save with these diapers and I cancelled my subscription . I will be contacting Amazon back to return the second shipment I received . I ordered two boxes at once , lesson learned .
 We have always used Pampers for our little boy , despite the price , with great results . When I saw the lower price on the Baby Dry , I was thrilled to pieces and thought it would be a great buy . These are the worst diapers we have ever put on our child . I have to change him much more frequently , I have seen more `` soak through '' episodes -LRB- the best was on my lap , in the middle of church -RRB- , and he is clearly uncomfortable , pulling the diaper away from his skin . We have never had a problem with Swaddlers or Cruisers -- I say , stick with these .
 With 3 grandchildren , I 've tried many disposable diapers and my daughter and I feel that Pampers does not , in our opinion , measure up to Huggies .
 The Huggies Supreme diapers are the only diapers my wife and I will ever use ! They are quality diapers that never leak for our 2 kids under 2 . Plus , they do n't have any disgusting scent at all ! We have tried Pampers and Luvs , and not only do they leak , but they have the most horrendous scent - we had to throw them away!Trust me - Huggies diapers are worth the small amount of money more you will pay!Highly unrecommended 1 star review .
 I purchased a box of Pampers baby dry size 1 -LRB- 252 pcs -RRB- and found brown stained at the front of the diapers . Still have 2 unopened bags with brown stained .
 I purchased this kind of diapers from Amazon hoping this is the lowest price I can get . Obviously , it is cheaper with 30 % off but it is very bad quality . My wife has to change the diapers 2-3 hours because of the draining . I used to get the same one from Target and I was happy with it but for this one ? No . I would n't recommend any mom to purchase this item from Amazon .
 I bought these when they were a killer deal . I have a 4 month old and I have never used this brand before . BAD MISTAKE ! They ended up giving my little girl a burn-like rash on her bottom and I only used 2 of them . It took almost a week for it to go away after I switched back to huggies . It was NOT a diaper rash , it was way worse , it happened almost instantly after I started use . I would not recommend to anyone . After I returned these -LRB- can I just say Amazon has the best customer service EVER !!! -RRB- I read reviews of other moms on different websites and it seems like I am not the only one this has happened too .
 I usually get Pampers BAby dry from Amazon for my son . And I always have been happy with this product , but not at this time . Surprisingly When I started to use product from this box for night time . It was leaking . At first I could not understand how this happen , because I always used this product before and never had any incident like that . Even though I was changing my son extra time during night and diaper was not really full , he would ended up in the wet bed . I realized it leaks when he sleeps on the side , but it not suppose to happen . I guess I just got defective box . I bought pampers cruisers for overnight use , and used baby dry only for day time . It is sad , but at this time the quality of product was not what I expected .
 I signed up with subscribe and save and receive a case of pampers every 2 months or more frequently . When i signed up i thought i was locking in my rate at the price given then and did notice that it fluctuated by a minimal amount . Now when i received my order once again i was disappointed to notice that the price went up a lot about $ 10 since I started ordering here . By now the price in not so cheap and i may buy elsewhere .
 Diaper did n't last through the night . My 2 year old woke up multiple times needing to be changed -LRB- totally unusual for him -RRB- . The gel beads inside the diaper became really cold when wet and the diper completely ripped open , allowing the wet , cold gel beads to spill all over the place . I 'm going back to my normal pampers and just getting the next size up -- hopefully that works .
 The diapers are super absorbent and do a great job . Half way through the bag , we noticed that the sticky tabs were n't sticky . The diapers were n't staying on . This could just be a bad batch of diapers with no sticky , but for the cost of diapers , I am not going to take a change on buying another set of diapers . We are sticking with the Pampers Cruisers - love them !
 I only used Swaddlers and Crusers since my baby was born . Recently I wanted to try the BabyDry because they were a little cheaper . This was a BIG mistake . The babydry do n't stay dry at all , especially not as long as 12 hours as advertised . It would stay dry for 4 hours maybe . These things leak -LRB- not overflow -RRB- ; that is it I sit my baby on my lap , after a while my pants will be wet . Moreover 90 % of the time the bed will be wet in the morning , unless the baby cries in the middle of the night and I use that occasion to change her.In the end these babydry diapers are MORE EXPENSIVE than the Cruisers due to the fact that I have to change my baby a lot more often . I will NOT buy these babydry diapers again .
 These leak every single day ! Please avoid and save yourself money , time , misery and agony.We committed the mistake of buying a big pack .
 We used the Pampers Swaddlers -LRB- NB and Size 1 -RRB- prior to these . I ordered these thinking they were the next in the Size 2 line ; however , our baby is constantly leaking and smells like pee immediately after a diaper change . We are going to switch back to the swaddlers and hope that solves the issue . They may cost a little more , but hoping they keep our daughter dry . Since she is only 13 pounds , there was no need to move her to size 3 as someone recommended . I would think twice before ordering the Baby Dry .
 not so great . She wanted to take it off every 2 seconds and it was a headache . I will be trying same brand different method .
 When my baby did # 2 they always leaked . I switched to pampers swaddlers and they are perfect . I ordered these by mistake to begin with .
 Since my baby was born I 've never put any other diaper on him BUT `` pampers '' brand . As a first time mom I wanted only the best for my baby , & since everyone claimed `` Pampers '' was the best , I went with the `` people 's choice '' . Sad to say , they 're a waste !!! My son is now 15 months & I 've had enough of the leaks & spills from the sides & even the top !! If it was n't for my mattress cover my bed would be ruined !!! Needless to say my laundry loads are more frequent from having to wash sheet sets after one day of freshly spreading the bed because of these damn pampers poor protection ! I am sooo annoyed ! I change my baby often ! I even change him while he 's asleep through the night to help avoid heavily soiled diapers -LRB- once at midnight & another around 4 am -RRB- & still by 7 am his bed or mine is soaked ! I am proud to say my baby has never encountered a rash yet so I know I 'm on top of keeping him dry ! There is no reason for this ! They serve its purpose for short periods of time , but by no means are they the best ! The only perk is the count in each box is better than most brands offer . Thankfully my son 's grandmother persuaded me to try Huggies , I was against it because I only wanted `` the best ! '' But I bit the bullet & tried a small pack ... needless to say I switched my `` Moms Save '' selection to Huggies & Pampers is NO longer my # 1 choice ! Good riddance !
 Honestly , the worst diapers I have ever bought . My LO 's woke up wet every night and lets just say several other things escaped the diapers when we were using them . I have used several other brands in the past and never had so much trouble . It was so bad that I even called Pampers to complain . Go with the Cruisers , they are much more absorbent .
 We have been purchasing diapers from Amazon for over a year now . Always loved the prices and the free 2 day shipping we got with Amazon Mom . We love pampers baby dry diapers , and we order a big box of 172 just about once a month for my son . The last box , the diapers started splitting at the sides and the gel was going everywhere . Trying to clean this stuff up was disgusting.Amazon 's great customer service sent us a new box in 2 days and a label to return the first one . We got the new box , and they were defective the same way , splitting at the sides . We have been using the same brand of diapers since my son was born and he is almost 2 now.Amazon gave us a refund and allowed us to return both of them . Amazon customer service was great but I am very disappointed that I can no longer trust buying our pampers baby dry diapers from Amazon . The customer service member said they were submitting a defective report to pull them off the site until the issue is resolved . My wife went to find the best deal on these diapers in town today .
 These diapers are the worst . I bought them thinking that I would n't have any nighttime accidents & my son would wake up dry.Boy was I wrong ! Carson wakes up almost every morning with spoiled sheets.I use the Pampers Sensitive during the day , & thought that the Dry Max would make him feel more dry - but he wets his diaper almost every night!They are also not as soft as the Pampers Sensitive - which was a downside to the Dry Max diapers , too.I wish I would have gotten a smaller amount , not a box of 200 + . It was such a waste of my money . For a diaper that makes big promises , I am greatly disappointed .
 Every single night my 11 month old daughter would wet through these diapers and get her sheets completely wet ! HORRIBLE buy in my opinion !
 Tried pampers for the first time and it was size 5 . It 's very Thin and most of the time it leaks from the side when she poops .
 Pampers that I bought online are very poor quality than that are purchased from stores.Pampers Baby Dry Diapers Economy Pack Plus Size 4 192 Count-Jhansi
 These have to be the worst diapers I have ever bought ! Waste of money , useless at night , they leak and smell after being worn for just a short period of time . Seventh Generation are by far the best I 've used and will continue to do so , do n't know what I was thinking buy these
 These are terrible for night use . We used them at night for a week , and they leaked at least half of the nights . Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive are much better .
 The price was Great butThis was completely different from what I 'm used to . The diapers look different . And ever since I used one . . My baby suffers deA horrible rash . His skin peals off and it has gotten worst over time .
 This diaper is OK during the day . It is very thin , flimsy , feels really cheap , but it is sufficient to hold a medium-size mess during the day . However , it leaked all over every single night no matter what we tried . I would actually test different diapers every night , and this one would always have the most leaks all over . Cruisers did a bit better , Huggies did as well -LRB- actually as bad -RRB- as Cruisers ... but , still there were leaks every night ! If you are used to Swaddlers , be ready for a huge disappointment ! This diaper can not be used overnight . Our boy is 13 months and 24 lbs , and is long . Even tried a size bigger as it was suggested . Had to go back to Swaddlers ... size 4 -LRB- sensitive-the only type of Swaddlers in 4 -RRB- and no more leaks ! There are never any leaks with Swaddlers !!! Pampers Baby Dry is the worst Pampers diaper I have ever used !!
 My 5 month old never had diaper rash until she started using the Pampers baby dry -LRB- size 1 -RRB- she does n't even sleep for more than 4 hours at a time so she never sat in a diaper for much longer than that . I would never buy these again . In fact , we have tons leftover and I 'd rather waste the money than subject my baby to them .
 It gets soggy in no time and leaks out big time . The product has lost its quality . I will never buy it again .
 BUYER BEWARE ! ! ! YES THE DIAPERS ARE GOOD BUT I RECEIVED THE DIAPERS WITH STAINS THEY LOOK LIKE DNA STAINS . SO I CALL THE COMPANY AND THEY INSTRUCT ME TO TROW THEM AWAY ALL 200 DIAPERS WOW . SO I WAIT IN THE MAIL FOR SOME COUPONS THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO SEND ME AND TURNS OUT I HAVE TO SPEND MORE MONEY IN ORDER TO GET THE DIAPERS I HAD ALREADY PAID FOR . SO I CALL COMPANY AGAIN AND THEY SEND ME MORE COUPONS TO REPLACE THE DIAPERS SO WHEN THE COUPONS GET HERE ITS ONLY ENOUGH COUPON TO PURCHASE 100 DIAPERS WOW THEY SCREWED ME FOR 100 DIAPERS SO I CALL THEM BACK AND THEY ASKED ME TO SHIP THEM BACK THE COUPONS SO THEY CAN SEND ME MORE COUPONS OK FINE ILL DO IT . SO I GO TO THE STORE TODAY AND I TRY TO GET REDEEM THE COUPON FOR THE DIAPERS I ALREADY PAID FOR AND NOW I AM FORCED TAXES FOR THE DIAPERS I ALREADY PAID FOR MY TAXES AND AM FORCED TO PAY AGAIN FOR WHAT I ORIGINALLY PAID FOR . . BAD BAD BAD EXP I AM SORRY I HAVE TO GO THRU ALL OF THIS VERY DEPRESSING . .
 This was the worst diaper product we ever purchased . Store brands are far better than this popular product . Probably because it was on sale ... Do not buy it if you care about your baby
 We have been using Pampers sensitive ever since my son was born . When he turned one year old , Pampers sensitive does n't work well during night time anymore and I was on a mission to find a good night-time diaper for him . I purchased Pampers Baby Dry -LRB- or should I call it Baby Wet ? -RRB- , all I can say is that it did n't work at all . We have to change diapers every 3 hours both in the day time and night time . Definitely a waste of money and we had to throw out half box of the unused ones.My 12-month-old boy usually sleeps through the whole night . It just hurt me so much when he was waken up by wet diapers and needed to take another 30 minutes to fall asleep again . Pampers Sensitive is the way to go for daytime , and for night time I happily found Huggies Overnite .
 I bought these as a `` night time '' diaper . Most of the time , they work great . However , if the diaper gets too full , they just burst and the absorbant material goes everywhere -LRB- about the consistency of little bits of tapioca -RRB- . It is very difficult to get all of it off of my daughter without giving her a bath , and I worry about what chemicals it might contain . This has probably happened three times in the last two months -LRB- only putting the diapers on at night -RRB- . I am going to stop using them now . As a note , my daughter weighs about 24 pounds , so we are on the low end of the weight range .
 Buying Pampers or Huggies is flushing your money down the toilet . Luvs work just as well at a fraction of the cost .
 they did not let me leave comment on pampers size 5 not the baby dry but cruiser i just bought size five and there is NO MESH LINER ! I contacted pampers and this is their response : I 'm sorry for the confusion . Sometimes we try new features on our diapers which result in different versions being on store shelves at the same time . I understand your frustration since you 're not able to tell which package has the style you prefer , and I 'm sharing your feedback with the rest of our team.hmmm ... how about I want my MONEY BACK ?
 First this review does not have to do with Pampers quality ... . second , I can not believe that Amazon is selling this diapers for this price . Babies r us is much more expensive and they sell this package for 40 bucks . I do like Amazon but some items are extremely expensive . !!!!!! really really bad
 Hubby brought home these diapers because we were running really low and he could n't find the swaddlers that we normally use . I really wanted to give the diapers a chance and used them for a while , even after the first few blow-outs . There was leaking every single time . It just did n't seem to absorb anything at all . We 're back to using pampers Swaddlers again and I make sure we NEVER run low !!
 The diapers design has a big flaw and when we tie him up , those ties ups are of plastic and very think causing rash to infant son 's weights . I hate these diapers ... Thanks .
 I really want to like it . It is certainly better than the Huggies I bought before but the quality is no where close to the pamper 's cruiser we have been using . It is good if you knew you will change diaper frequently as it will hold just one pee then start to sag . I have n't run into any leaking issue yet as I now use it only when I knew my baby will not stay with it for long . We use it as temporary diaper that is why I still give it a two star rating . It is cheaper for more diapers , you get what you paid for .
 If we do n't change the diaper at least every 3 hours , there is a spill . So every morning when our daughter wakes up we have to wash everything in her bed . The jell in the diapers gets saturated so easily . Some of the jell has actually leaked out and given our daughter a break out on her tummy and legs . Not to mention everything else she has leaked on . The swadlers were the best . I should have just sticked with them .
 I was a Pampers lover , but not anymore . I used Pampers diaper more than three years for my first one and again for second one . But , it looks like the company makes thin diaper recently . As another mom says , `` if the diaper gets too full , they just burst and the absorbant material goes everywhere . '' I absolutely agree with her . Therefore , I cancelled subscription and changed to another brand .
 I 'm a little peeved I been using Pampers Nany-Dry for 2 Years , unannounced the company that makes Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers has made a major design change to Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers -LRB- they seem more like Huggies -RRB- - much more elastic , narrower straps and much less absorbent material . It 's hard to make it thru the night without a diaper change now !
 We got a big box of `` baby dry '' from amazon . Our experience is that my son 's clothes are soaked with just a small amount of liquid . On the other hand , the `` swaddlers '' take on a ton of liquid and my son stays dry as a bone and so do his clothes . We are sending these back as defective and ordering more swaddlers .
 These diapers have a design flaw . When my baby has a BM , a small amount seeps through the diaper so I put two of these on so her clothes do not get messy .
 My babies got rashes near the diaper area . We used to buy it from Costco and my babies never had a problem but ever since we started getting it from Amazon ... they have been getting rashes everyday .
 I thought pampers were the best until I bought these . They are definitely economy . My son wet through them every time he slept . Size 2 should work fine for a 3 month old but these did not . I am back with huggies !
 These pampers leaked , one out of five times.Makes changing them much harder.I do not recomend this product to anyone .
 We had experience using the Pampers Swaddlers and thought that we would try the Dry . My son is almost 20lbs and these days he likes to roll around a lot . These diapers have poor absorbancy and they are constantly leaking . I am very careful whenever I put diapers on . The Velcro must meet each other in the front and I make sure everything fits securing around the back , legs and hip . These diapers will do it 's job during the day time . But during the night time -LRB- when my son sleeps on his tummy off and on -RRB- , they will leak . Every morning when I go change these , the pee is up to this chest . I have to change his clothes every single morning . Extremely frustrating.Prior to using these , I was using the Kirkland -LRB- Costco -RRB- size 3 ones which was actually doing a fantastic job . Me being curious and always trying to find something a little better , decided to try Pampers Dry . Ca n't wait until the package is done , then I will for sure go back to Kirkland .
 As another reviewer has mentioned , Pampers has changed the design . We also hate the new design , but Amazon has the old design in stock . There 's unfortunately no difference at all in the box or product labeling , so I suppose what you get is open to chance .
 these diapers are basicly the same as a size 1 but the problem is that you ca n't get something comapable to a size 2 , I ordered size 3 after these no longer fit and the things are huge and constantly leak . hope pampers sees this and goes back to old sizing because pampers are the best for leaks etc but this stupid 1-2 combo is insane !!!
 These diapers do not have a stretchy wastband . Poop frequently runs up my childs back !!! I will never use these diapers again because of all the extra laundry and mess they created for me .
 I have used pampers primarily since my son was born . THIS box has REALLY disappointed me !! More often than not the left side tab TEARS OFF as I am putting it on , which then makes the diaper USELESS !! I called pampers and they sent me a $ 5 coupon , BUT more than 50 of these diapers has been wasted !! I do n't think i will EVER order this again !!
 I do not recommend buying these . My son is 15 months and can only wear these about 2-3 hours before the diaper leaks and/or explodes open . The diapers have ripped open multiple times -LRB- even when the diaper is not even full -RRB- and all the absoprbent gel particles make a huge mess on our carpet . They do not work at night either . My son wakes up every morning drenched . Stay away from these ... However , Pampers Cruisers are great !
 its very bad diaper from Pampers . . It wont keep dry more than 2 hours . . during night i have to change my kids diaper 3 times . . thats being very worst thing.i bought new diaper for my kid . . i stop using this diaper . . i am totally unhappy with this pamper product .
 We found this diaper undependable . Leaky and ca n't take an average load -LRB- liquid or solid -RRB- . Difficult to manage the night shift , when his clothes and the sheets get wet.Prefer swaddlers any day .
 These diapers are simply awful . I mistakenly ordered 192 of them ! My poor son has woke up in the middle of the night absolutely soaked through . I will not purchase these again - sticking with the Cruisers from now on .
 I decided to try the cheaper Pampers Baby Dry instead of my usual Pampers Cruisers . I figured there could n't be much of a difference , but boy there sure was ! I HATE the Baby Dry diapers ! Every time my son urinates there is such a strong pee smell that I assume he has peed right through the diaper . However , I check him , and it 's not through the diaper - it just smells like it ! I ca n't stand that ! I 've never had a diaper perform like this one does . I WO N'T be ordering this kind again , that 's for sure !
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I have two main complaints :1 . These are not as absorbant as the pampers swaddlers , and since it 's a diaper , that 's pretty much its main task . I did n't experience any liquid leakage , but solids were problematic . Any more detailed description will probably prevent this review from being published ... 2 . These diapers do not have the wetness indicator lines that are found on the swaddlers . I did n't realize that those lines were so useful until I subscribed to these -LRB- used to get them at Target -RRB- . Anyway , these two reasons are sufficient for me to cancel my subscription after two shipments.This review is by no means related to Amazon 's subscription and shipping service . I think Amazon does a fantastic job with that . All shipments arrived before the stated arrival dates with no problems at all !
 Summary
 Left my baby with a diaper rash after 2 days of use . I did n't suspect it was from the diapers at first until a couple weeks later I went to finish using up the package and her rash appeared again . I 'll never use pampers again .
 I made the huge mistake of buying the baby dry after reading through the reviews . I thought that for the price , why not try them . What a huge mistake ! I should have just bought a smaller amount to try them first . Instead we have been using these for over a month now and I have had to clean up a poop spill at least every other day . My baby was 4 months old when we started using these and since she is not eating solids yet , the poop is pretty runny . The baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on . It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the Swaddlers from now on . Hope this helps someone wondering which to buy Swaddlers or Baby Dry , DEFINITELY go with the SWADDLERS !!
 I used to use the more expensive Pampers Cruisers but thought I 'd try the Baby-Dry to save some money . I bought a pack at a local store first to make sure the fit and performance was good . I liked them just fine . Nice stretchy tabs , much like the Cruisers . So I ordered from Amazon . I ordered three cases to take advantage of a promotion Amazon was running . But the diapers I received must be old stock , before Pampers put the `` flex '' stretchy sides on the Baby-Dry diapers . The older expiration dates on the Rewards code confirms this . Maybe they 've gotten rid of the old stock ; then those newer diapers would rate 4.5 stars . These non-flex diapers barely close to fit my baby whereas the flex ones were plenty big . It irks me that Amazon posts a picture of the `` flex '' diapers and delivers a different , inferior product .
 I love Pamper 's Swaddlers . I 've tried Huggies and both Pampers brands , and out of all of them Swaddlers are my favorite . That being said , the Baby Dry diapers are terrible . With Swaddlers you can adjust the fit , and the diapers are really soft . Baby Dry diapers feel like they 're recycled and and I really dislike the sticky waist straps . They 're shorter so you ca n't adjust the fit as easily , and the waist is always loose -- with a boy that 's a very bad idea because he tends to get his clothes wet through the TOP of the diaper instead of the sides now . I ca n't wait until we use these up because I will never buy Baby Dry again .
 I signed up for these with the subscription purchase because they were slightly cheaper than the Huggies . We are not happy with them at all . They do n't seem to hold as much , which is a problem for overnight . You also have to be careful how you position them on your child so they do n't leak . When I used swaddlers for my son as an infant , I thought this was a great brand , but the Baby Dry are definitely NOT of the same quality . We will continute to use these during the day until they are gone , but I will not by them again .
 We started out with Swaddlers , then moved to Baby Dry at size 2 . At size 3 , we switched to Huggies . No Pampers diapers have elastic on the back waist , which just asks for a poo explosion up the back . We had SEVERAL , and I finally realized my friend 's diapers had elastic in the back so she did n't have this problem ! She had a generic store brand even ! I will never put a Pamper on my kid again because I do n't want his clothes stained .
 It 's okay if I have n't use pampers dry max before . Compare to dry max , dry diaper ca n't absorb much and it makes the diaper heavy . So need to change the diapers frequently if using dry diapers . My 4 month old daughter is having her first diaper rash after she starts using dry diapers -LRB- Previously she used dry max -RRB- . So I wo n't buy dry diapers anymore .
 These diapers work . They did n't leak . However , within 2 days of using them on our then 2 month old daughter , she had a diaper rash . We had previously been using the Huggies Little Snugglers -LRB- without any problems -RRB- . We took her out of the Pampers and the diaper rash cleared right away . Well , me not being one to waste money thought that maybe it was a coincidence that she got a diaper rash . No , it was n't . Once she was healed we waited a few days and tried the Pampers again , again she got a diaper rash . Needless to say we threw out the rest of the box . Poor baby , she was so uncomfortable.Not only did they cause her to have diaper rashes , but they also stink . The Huggies did not have an odor to them , but these smelled as though they were supposed to cover up a dirty diaper smell . I do n't know about you but adding extra chemicals to diaper for an infant seems crazy to me.Lastly , the diapers have a pretty rough texture , not something I would want to sit in and not something that I will ever put my daughter in again .
 My husband bought these by accident and I was glad to see them go . We normally use Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Baby-Dry do not come close to comparing.While using these , my daughter had a few accidents -LRB- I will be fair and say that a couple of those could have been as a result of human error -RRB- and they do not appear to be nearly as durable.Unfortunately , I would not feel comfortable recommending these ... spend the extra money and go for the Swaddlers .
 Something in this brand gives my kid a rash . The rash is not wetness related , but seems to be from something in the band of the diaper .
 I am very unhappy with these diapers . I usually purchase Pampers Cruisers but this was such a good deal and being named BABY DRY ! They leak everynight !!
 I love swaddlers , so after finally getting to the end of the initial stash of pampers from the baby showers etc , I started purchasing them . They cost more than other diapers , but oh well I was hooked.I got the grand idea in my head that &#34; Oh , baby dry ? they must work even BETTER than swaddlers , DRY is right in the name ! &#34; Wrong . In a swaddler my kid could pee 2-3x and no leakage . In the baby dry , I do n't know what it is about them , if she got to peeing a second time ? Good lord get that thing off of her quick or she 's going to leak or please no zues , oprah , or a tiny baby jesus , do n't let her poop because it IS coming out the back even if I have her in a size too big without the back rolled down.I ened up using these as Daycare diapers , because there she got changed ever hour -LRB- No worries , I usually check her ever 2 hours max or at the first whiff of poop at home but that was n't enough for baby dry -RRB- Not ever getting those things again and if they 're gifted I am regifting .
 I have solely been a pampers mom but after buying these I 'm thinking of trying something new.The diapers reeked of chemicals , very unhappy and very upset that I had 246 to go through . I will not buy diapers online again , at least not these .
 Pampers Baby Dry Size 2 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 246 CountI 'VE MADE A HUGE MISTAKE BUYING THESE DIAPERS . I thought it is a good deal and i can save some money . but when i received these pampers baby dry diapers i opened the box and i find out that all of them has a little tiny brown stain on the back . since it was the first time i got these diapers i guessed it shoud 've been this way so i put one on my 1 month and half baby girl . when it comes to change her diaper i was really shocked . her butt and all the diaper area was in terrible red color and she had the worst rash so far . i put several pastes and cream to treat it . it took almost 2 day to get rid of them finally . she had been using this particular diaper like for 2 hours and for this little time it caused this terrible reaction . i dont understand how can people sell such a product especially baby stuff has to be carefully examined . do not repeat my mistake . NEVER BUY these diapers !!!
 These are a great deal in terms of price , but I am very disappointed as these diapers leak bad ! And we are stuck with them now as there are 192 of them to go through . We 've never experienced such a problem with Huggies ... I do n't know what happened to Pampers , as they were better quality earlier . It seems that the Diaper is much thinner , and there is not enough of the filling to absorb the pee ...
 I tried to save a buck and get the baby dry instead of my usual swaddlers ... Big mistake , I have ruined a bunch of outfits because # 2 rides up the back of these.Penny wise pound foolish , spend the extra few bucks and get the swaddlers .
 People kept telling me to try Pampers because they hold a lot of pee . We primarily use cloth diapers and our cloth diapers work well for nighttime -LRB- 11 hours -RRB- but sometimes I just hate waking up to that ammonia stink . I decided to try some different kinds of disposables to see if I could find a brand that would work all night without a change . We tried Seventh Generation and Nurtured by Nature , and they work off and on . I thought I would finally give some Pampers a try and see if the package was right . It says these are good for 12 hours . Not for us ! They leak worse than the chlorine-free disposables and stink like powder . My son 's closet -LRB- where these are stored -RRB- now has a stinky powdery smell . Some people might like this smell , but to me it smells bad . I decided to use them up by using them during the day and they gave my son a horrible rash.Never . Again .
 I was n't too impressed by these diapers . The diaper itself stays dry overnight and does n't leak through if the baby just pees . However , these diapers -LRB- size 2 -RRB- seem low on my 14 lb baby -LRB- he is on the longer side though -RRB- and he had several leaks -LRB- pooped out the back and front at the same time on several occasions -RRB- , honestly , I wondered if I should have gotten a size 3 for him . The size 2 pampers swaddlers are great and the pampers baby dry just do n't compare .
 The swaddlers are wonderful diapers , never had any problems , however , the Dry Baby diapers are terrible . We have gone though one box of them , and still have another one to go before we switch over to cloth -LRB- this is not the reason we are switching to cloth -RRB- . My son has woken up several nights in a row completely wet and we 've been having to change the sheets . They leak horribly . Even daycare hates them . We 've had so many blowouts as well . They are incredibly thin and cheap feeling .
 Some people may have no issues with these diapers , however , my little girl probably leaks in these once a day if not multiple times . I 've tried everything making sure that the diaper is on just right or immediately changing her when I `` hear '' her go . NOTHING WORKS - I change her outfit multiple times a day and not for the fun of it . So it is back to Swaddlers for us ... I do n't know why I ever changed .
 This are horrible for newborns . We had one on and not only did it leak through the diaper , but her clothes , blanket , and on to what she was sitting on . So gross . I wo n't buy these again . This is what I would expect from a cheap knockoff brand not a name brand . Do n't make the mistake of buying this for a newborn.They also do n't have the indicator strip , so you have to open to see which is frustrating for a newborn . Pay a little more for swaddlers or huggies because they are a waste of money . I 'm donating them to a shelter or something because we ca n't use these .
 I bought these thinking that there couldnt be that much of a difference between pampers and pampers swaddlers . I was wrong . The diapers just feel very cheaply made , the outside is a different material that is rough and the diapers seem to swallow up my 10lb baby . As for absorbancy , they are ok , better than the huggies and so far no accidents up the back , but I will not buy them again .
 This is not what i oredered , but this is the third time they continue to send them to me , dont know why
 I bought these not knowing that they are Pampers `` bargain '' brand . Well , they are certainly no bargain , they are a waste of money . They make the claim that they offer 12 hours of protection but I can hardly squeeze a few hours of protection until they leak or blow out the back . I will definitely NEVER buy these again . The swaddlers are much better diapers
 I figured for the price I 'd give pampers dry a chance and now I 'm incredibly disappointed with this product . I 'm not exactly why it 's called `` Pampers Dry '' since it does a horrible job at absorbing urine . On many occasions I 'd have to change my baby 's clothes simply because the urine has run up her back and wet her clothes along with my bedsheets.I 'm going back to Swaddlers !
 Terrible poop control . Spills right out the sides and back . Absorbent for urine only , would not recommend this product . Swaddlers are much softer , and much more absorbent , I have not had any spillage events with swaddlers .
 I know many people swear by Pampers and I did find their fit to be very pleasing BUT both of my children had significant allergic reactions to the light scenting added to these diapers . For parents of babies with sensitive skin these may not be the diapers for you .
 I like the price and quantity in the package but I 'm noticing now that they are holding up overnight . I 've recently changed to a more absorbent diaper at night .
 Pampers Baby Dry is a huge misnomer ... they are terrible for urine intake ! If your baby sleeps on their tummy through the night ... YOU WILL WAKE UP WITH A WET BABY AND WET SHEETS/EVERYTHING ! Use Pampers Swaddlers ... at least until after size 3 as that is the largest size Swaddlers they make for some reason . You can thank me later . BABY DRY = WET BABY ~ ~ !!!
 Most of the diapers ' strap are glued to diaper itself such a way that you can not use those diapers . I am just throwing away lots of diapers without using it ...
 I used this diaper for my 2 year old and once she urinated in it once it would sag half way down her leg . Also when I used them at night come morning they would smell so bad that her pajama pants and even sheets smelled of urine . The only reason I 'm giving it 2 stars is because they never leaked even when very full .
 I have used a wide variety of diapers -LRB- Huggies , Earth 's Best , Target -RRB- and these by far are the poorest quality . They have a low threshold as far as how much liquid it can hold before they start to leak . My daughter wakes up completely wet whenever she is wearing Pampers , but not when she 's wearing another brand . In addition , the tape on these diapers is not great , so the diaper often comes undone by itself , which can create quite a mess at an inopportune time .
 I got these diapers because I had a coupon . Big mistake . It felt like it took forever for me to get through this one pack of diapers . I almost threw them out completely . They have hardly ANY tabs on the size so they are too tight on my little one . They are also pretty scratchy and not at all soft.I think the best diapers on the market are the swaddlers made by the same company .
 I had to return these . I bought 3 boxes , they 've only taken 1 back so far . These do n't have those flex tabs so they 're like those cheap Huggies . The picture is rather misleading .
 We usually put our baby in cloth diapers , but we do keep a stash of disposables on hand for trips and emergencies . I really wish pampers would go back to offering their usual ` cruiser ' style diapers without the baby-dry . Our child has had a bad reaction to them -- she gets diaper rash almost immediately .
 I like Pampers but the baby dry has got to go , it has no give to the sides and DD leaked through every one of them .
 I was very dissapointed in the quality of the last batch of pampers that I bought . 1/4 of the diapers fell apart as I was putting them on my daughter . I switched to Huggies because of this and have not bought any more pampers .
 Our daughter is 6 months old and 19 lbs . She has been wearing these size 3 Pampers , and we wake up to exploded diapers many mornings , with little gel beads all over DD . I 'm switching to Huggies overnight , based on a co-worker 's recommendation .
 You can buy these cheaper at the babiesareus store -LRB- with mail/email coupons -RRB- Product itself is good , I am a pampers brand mom .
 I , like many other reviewers , fell into the trap of buying these because they were going for a great price . My son had been wearing Huggies size 3 , but I thought these might be worth a try . My husband and I now have a joke that our son has been crawling in the cobwebs again . These diapers fall apart and the fibers look like little spiderwebs hanging off his little bum . Sometimes we find our son plucking the `` webs '' off his diaper like someone plucking a chicken . I would not recommend these diapers , especially for active babies .
 These diapers are terrible . They leak in the front , through the diaper ! How does that even happen ? My 6 month old needed a new one every two hours , otherwise it would leak and soak his clothes . Putting him in one for bedtime was a joke . 12 hours ? No way . We had to buy a case of Swaddlers for nighttime so he would n't soak his PJ 's at night . Do n't waste your money - get the Swaddlers , they 're fantastic !
 I 've been buying Pampers Baby Dry on Amazon for many months . The price is being increased every month on the same product with the same quantity . Unacceptable . I love the diapers , but will most likely be buying from somewhere else from now on .
 Started an order , which I never completed . Looked at my card and they had withheld the amount for the order , which I never completed ! Called them , and they confirm that I have n't placed an order , but they are unable to credit my account in another 10 days ! This was on a gift card!The customer service agent promised to take care of it first thing and he even stated that he was going to email me immediately the next morning . Two days later , after no email , I called and they have no idea of my issue , and we start over again with the talk about the 10 days . Noone seems to know why they 've taken over $ 200 from the card .
 I used swaddlers with my son when he was a newborn so I thought I would try these -LRB- he is 1 now -RRB- . After wearing them for not even two days he developed what I can only describe as a chemical burn . He was really red and when I wiped him I saw tiny drops of blood . He screamed so much and even screamed when I put his diaper back on . After I realized it had to be the new diapers I immediately took his diaper off and put on one of his old diapers and he seemed to be happier almost immediately . The diapers have a very strong scent . When they arrived I put them in our living room and I could smell them from across the room and I had n't even opened the box yet . I can only imagine this is what my son reacted to . I only used around 10-15 of the 144 diapers so I have emailed Pampers asking what I can do since I feel like I wasted all that money on diapers that ca n't be used . If your child is used to non-scented diapers I would not try these out . The scent is overwhelming and should have been the only warning I needed . Stupidly I still decided to try them out and now my poor baby is paying the price . If your child is fine wearing a certain brand of diapers then I suggest sticking to that brand . I definitely will now !
 I decided to make the change to pampers based on all the positive reviews from customers . It was a bad decision for my baby ! It gave my poor baby a really bad diaper rash from the chemical in the baby dry ! Maybe good diapers for others , but definitely not for my baby . I will be sticking with Huggies !
 It says they are 12 hour diapers but not so much . We use them as day only diapers and change frequently . I like the dry max much better .
 DO NOT BUYIt does the job capturing urine fine , but it does not stop 3-4-month old baby thing feces comming out over the top of a diaper in the backIn our case , every other time our baby boy had bowel movement we had to copmletely change his clothing because of the leakageProduct link
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 I ca n't even begin to count the number of times I have been nursing my baby in the middle of the night and he has wet through his Pampers Dry diaper and it has gone all over me !!! These diapers are horrendous !!!! The only reason I used them last night was because I ran out of Huggies Overnites . I will never use them again !!!! I have been up since 4:15 because after I had to change my son 's diaper and my clothes - he is now wide awake !!! Come up with a better night time diaper , Pampers !!! I 'm going to the store to buy more Huggies as soon as my husband wakes up !!!!
 The baby dry diaper is not as good as swaddlers for leakage proof performance . It leaks quite frequently from the back side . One reason may be that my baby has some gas issue . But the swaddlers worked much better to prevent leakage by adding thicker layer on the back . I should have bought it even with the little additional cost . So be warned if you do not want to wash baby cloth that often .
 I recently purchased a case of diapers and noticed that there was a huge increase in the diapers I bought . Nothing has changed , but the list price was ~ $ 43 and increased to $ 51 within two months ! This is a overwhelming increase . I do n't know what is going on , but you can see the price comparison between other vendors that the Amazon price is significantly higher than Target or Babies R Us . With subscribe and save , it used to provide excellent savings , but now , I have to reevaluate and perhaps close my subscription ! Rethink and check out other vendors !
 I have been using pampers swaddlers with dry max since my twins were born and love them ! I can count on 1 hand the number of `` blow outs '' and leaks . I use subscribe and save and my item was unavailable for the previous purchase price . I decided to try these . I thought they also had dry max since they said baby dry . I am now having at least one leaky diaper every morning and have had 3 diapers I had to throw away because the tabs tore . This has never happened . My twins are one and in size 3 diapers . I have tried the cruisers which seem to be ok . I 'm not sure if it is just the lot I have or this line of diapers . I may have to go back to the cruisers since the swaddlers are not made in large sizes .
 I was expecting the usual prime 2 day delivery when I ordered this package of diapers over a week ago . I guess I have become so spoiled by Amazon 's 2 day delivery that I just expected it to be here , and have been anxiously awaiting its arrival everyday until I had to breakdown and go to Target for diapers yesterday to avoid a complete crises ... I will read the fine print next time or make sure I am getting the fast delivery schedule that I am expecting
 A little over a week of use , I noticed a bad diaper rash that rapidly progressed to blisters . They healed when I switched to a different diaper and broke out again when I tried to go back to using this diaper . I 'm giving two stars because pampers agreed to refund my money even though I was outside the week window to return them to Amazon and because according to Pampers , this is the same formula they have been using for 20 years , which means they were my favorite diapers for my daughter .
 Used pampers cruisers , just loved them , for over 2 yrs ... then they just stopped making those and started baby dry . I hate these . Leak all the time . I dont understand pampers , why fix whats not broken ?? Now have ordered huggies , hope they are better.neeta.doc.nita@gmail.com
 These diapers are too expensive and leaky than other diapers . Usually i do n't buy them because of high cost but I bought them for the first time thinking that they will be gud but they were the oppsosite . They leak if you forget to change a diaper before the baby sleeps . I usually use LUVS DIAPERS . They are far betther than these and cheaper as well . I made a great mistake thinking that if it is expensive it will be good.People do n't waste your money in this junk product .
 These are the worst diapers I 've ever used . I 'm a huge fan of Pampers and have used them with both of my children ; however , these were absolutely not worth the money ! Every single time my son had a dirty diaper it leaked everywhere !! I understand that diapers leak , but the Pampers Swaddlers I use with him almost never leak at all . I do n't recommend that anyone purchase these diapers .
 I decided to buy these diapers instead of the pampers sensitive , I was just trying to be economical , but it backfired . These diapers are a bit cheaper , but useless , they leek all the time , every time my baby girl poops they leek all over . I have to change her more often with these diapers , because they do n't have a good suction . -LRB- so much for economical -RRB- I was also disappointed to find that these diapers have a plastic around the edge , I imagine them to be so uncomfortable for my 4 months old baby , I 'm sure no baby/anyone would like to wear a plastic bag around them all day , unlike pamper sensitive , which are so soft inside and `` plastic free '' . The most annoying thing was , the size . Size two is like a size one from pampers sensitive.Everything about these diapers is wrong . I do n't know how other buyers gave these diapers high rating , maybe it 's different for baby boys.Once these diapers run out , I 'm definitely going back to pampers sensitive , specially now that i 'm saving with Amazon Mom 30 % , it 's worth every penny .
 I AM SO DISSAPOINTED WITH THE NEW BABY DRY DIAPERS . I have been using Pampers cruisers for my son and have rarely had any leakage . . Maybe an occassional leak which is not bad.I was happy with Pampers.I decided to give `` Baby Dry '' a try bcos it claimed to have a more absorbent core to prevent night time leaks.I am sooo disappointed . The core seems to be WAAAAAYYY inferior to the Cruisers core and leaks !! I started using them a few days back and my son has woken up atleast 5 nights crying bcos he was soaking wet !! : -LRB- This morning I was holding him and my shirt felt wet . The diaper was leaking and it went thru his clothes onto mine !! So its not just about night time leaks . So much for absorbent core to prevent night time leaks.I was better off with my tried and trusted Cruisers.NEVER HAD SUCH A BAD CASE OF LEAKS WITH CRUISERS ... WILL NEVER USE BABY DRY DIAPERS AGAIN.I hope Pampers is not dropping its quality : -LRB-
 At first we tried Pampers swaddlers , and they were great except that my baby developed a diaper rash when using them . We switched to Baby Dry , and the rash went away . However , they consistantly leaked whenever he was on his side while nursing . About 10 times I have ended up with a wet lap.Also , they do not fit very well , as they have no stretch around the waist . We switched to Huggies and they are wonderful . They have n't ever leaked and they stretch around the legs and waist .
 Rather flimsy construction , prone to leaks , with a distinct chemical smell when baby is wet -- I would n't buy these diapers again .
 We started out with Pampers Swaddlers from newborn to Size 2-3 which is the largest that they make . These were hands down the best diapers we have tried during the first year . After our daughter outgrew the Swaddlers we tried Pampers Cruisers and were a little disappointed , however the Cruisers did their job of keeping everything where it was supposed to be . I saw the reviews for Baby Dry and thought `` hey let 's try these and see if they are better than Cruisers '' BIG MISTAKE . We received the diapers yesterday and have already had multiple leaks and overflows . These diapers have almost no absorbency and need to be changed approximately every 2 hours for us . We made the mistake of using it overnight and the entire bed was soaking wet this morning.These diapers may work for some , however I ca n't believe that they would work for many considering how little they can hold . Buyer beware .
 This may be a kid specific thing , but little man got a terrible rash shortly after switching to Pampers . AND , diaper tearing - resulting in pee crystals . A HUGE diaper pet peeve of mine . Back to Huggies we go . : -LRB-
 I liked these the best when my baby was 16 lbs . but now at 20lbs he leaks through every one of them in 2 hours or less . The 4 's fit a little too big and I know he 's almost ready but these are supposed to be good to 28lbs and they are not . I have almost an entire case of these that I am donating because I do n't trust them . Size 3 of Sam 's Club brand is working WAY better than these and cost less too .
 These diapers are great for pee -LRB- never leaks -RRB- , but terrible for poop -LRB- frequently leaks -RRB- . We 've been using these for the past 2 months -LRB- my daughter is now 4 .5 months , average size -RRB- . She is breastfed so her poop is really runny . Even if I literally run to change her as soon as I hear her poop , it still regularly squeezes up and out all over her back and clothes . Most days she messes her clothes at least once . I 'm going to try something else because this is just ridiculous -LRB- and gross ! -RRB- .
 When my son wheres Pampers , the poop always rides up his back . I am very disappointed in these diapers and ca n't believe all the positive reviews . I gave it 2 stars because it does hold in pee alright for 3-4 hours max . These diapers do n't perform as well as Huggies Snug & Dry .
 I have bought baby dry diapers before and have been satisfied with it . But this time I ordered it from Amazon . The diapers tear when they are opened from prefolded packing . Sometimes I have even found that the gel or the stuff its made from has leaked . I am extremely dissapointed with this lot of diapers . Now on I 'd rather buy it from a store than order oline so its easier to return .
 At first , I thought it was just one or two diapers that have sand like in them but it 's actually the whole box of diapers that have sand in EVERY DIAPER . But I willing to give it another try . Unfortunately , the 2rd and 3rd boxes were still the same -LRB- still have tons of sand like in every diaper -RRB- . The changing table and crib were filled with tiny sand like everytime I changed my baby diaper . It 's freaking me out cause my baby is super active and she 's at the stage where she puts everything in her mouth . So , no more Pamper Baby Dry for me .
 These diapers are terrible , they leak and make my baby smell like urine . I thought I ordered the same pampers as before which were the swaddlers , No these are not and they are very different . These diapers are blue in color and are just as bad as huggies . i love the Pampers Swaddlers my girls can go all night and not have any problems .
 I did not like these diapers at all ! They leaked at night and even during the day . As soon as my 10 month old daughter peed in them , these diapers hung to the knees .
 We always bought members mark diapers -LRB- we were very happy with them -RRB- until we found out about amazon mom . So I thought pampers would be the best . Not so much . They 're flimsy diapers . They were always showing his booty and always leaking .
 The Pampers Baby Dry diapers seem to be leaking often even after a new diaper has been put on . I changed my son 's diaper and it leaked within 15 minutes on 2 occasions . They seem to fit him well and are soft and cute , but somehow are n't effective . I 'm sure that it 's like many products . They work extremly well for some , but for others , the product does not work .
 this is one of the worst diapers we ever used . We have been using Papmers Sensitive and thought we will try this . Nothing is staying in this diaper.even for a small leak , it becomes very wet and we end up changing the diaper ... and when she takes a poop , it just literally overflows . will never buy this again .
 We only used 5 of these diapers with our newborn , and we had problems with 4 of the diapers . Two leaked poop or urine . One had the fastner break . One had the fastener repeatedly detach.We had no problems with Pampers Swaddlers , so we will switch back to that diaper type . Perhaps , this diaper type will work better at the higher size .
 I wanted to try this product for my baby girl . To my surprise , it was too small for her when compared with other brand level 1 diapers . I had to reorder my diapers again .
 After using a different type of Pampers , we purchased these . My 10 week old premie has had numerous blow-outs in these diapers . His clothes end up wet often and they feel much cheaper material than Pampers Swaddlers . I definitely wo n't purchase Baby Dry diapers again !
 these daipers are no good to use . . always leaks and gives diaper rash . . not worth the money . . Pampers swaddlers are much better than these daipers .
 We started off with the Pampers Swaddlers , and I bought these ones by mistake . Since I had them , and the reviews were quite good , I decided to keep them . They claim to have an ` ultra absorb core for outstanding leakage protection ' , but my baby is 10 lbs -LRB- size 1 is for 8-14lbs -RRB- , and after about 5 hours , she had actually leaked through and out onto her outfit ! Not just a bit , but palpably and visibly wet ! I would pay the extra money and buy the Swaddlers , which is what I have done .
 We 've used Pampers diapers since our 7 month old was born . Once our son turned 6 months old , the diapers no longer came close to providing the absorption needed to keep him dry through the night . Without diaper issues , he is sleeping through the night . However , the diapers begin to leak around 2am and by the morning both he and his crib are saturated . The `` Dry Max '' technology is nothing more than a marketing gimic . It clearly does n't work and provides even less absorption capacity than the previous formulation . Save yourself the headache and buy a different brand .
 These diapers fell apart and left a huge mess of falling apart diaper . I now know I need to use a different kind for overnight but then they should n't be advertised as baby dry .
 Where do I start , how about I hate these diapers !! This gel stuff leaks out of them , all the time . They do n't last long on active babies . Not to mention that I have to clean up leakage . Try another brand please !!
 The only reason I gave these diapers 2 stars is because they prevent diaper rash if you are n't able to change a wet diaper right away . Otherwise they 're awful . The baby powder smell is overpowering and stinks up the baby as well as the baby 's clothes . They 're also leaky at night because of the lack of padding in the back , so if the baby lays on his or her back while sleeping , protection is unreliable . They do n't work for 12 hours at night like the package says . I 've used Pampers in 2 other countries -- Japan and the Philippines -- and the American ones are cheap looking and stinky like the ones sold in the Philippines but cost more than the Japanese ones . The Japanese ones are unscented , do n't leak at night , and are cheaper than the American ones sold in stores . The only good thing about buying them at Amazon is that you can get a better price on them , but in my opinion they 're not worth buying no matter how cheap .
 I used pampers for the first few months after my son was born and then switched to Huggies diapers . I could n't remember why I had switched , but I wish I never did . It did n't help that Amazon sent me two boxes of these Pampers instead of one regular box and one night time box.I just started using Pampers night time diapers and really liked the absorbency so I thought I would start using Pampers during the day too . Big mistake ! After his first pee , which is usually a few minutes after changing , the Pampers diapers start to sag . If he is wearing pants or shorts , which is everyday , the Pampers diaper starts to hang to one side of his pants . It 's really not cute from the back view and it really worries me that it will start leaking too.I read another review here about Pampers vs Huggies that made my mind up to try Pampers . The review said that smaller/skinnier kids should use Pampers and larger/chubbier kids should use Huggies . The way the review explained it , it seemed to make sense . My son is two weeks from turing two years old and is very skinny . He only weighs 26lbs and is of normal height . He is VERY active and has stomach issues that make us use a lot more diapers than normal so I need the best absorbency that I can find . If the night time diapers were n't so expensive , I would use those all day , every day.It also seems like these Pampers are irritating his skin , but I am not sure if it is just something else . He has starting to scratch his bottom and try to take off his diaper ever since we changed brands . I felt the inside of the diaper to see if there were any scratchy parts , but felt none . I just added more lotion to his skin and it seems to help a bit but he still tries to take it off after I change him . He has never done that before , but I just thought that he was learning it from somewhere.I will go back to Huggies as soon as I can finish the 352 diapers that were sent to me . I did n't feel like sending back this huge box and we are running out of time before our overseas trip to wait for a new shipment of Huggies .
 We usually use the huggies pure and natural , huggies snug and dry , and pampers swaddlers -LRB- both older type and the newer dry max -RRB- . We used another baby 's diapers which were these pampers baby dry , and my son got huge rash splotches in several areas . I had heard about parents complaining about rashes and thought it was only a concern for babies with sensitive skin , but in 10 months this was the first time my son got a rash from the diaper . Glad we do n't have a box of these around to throw out ! I ca n't comment on how effective the diapers are on wetness and containment since we do n't use them regularly .
 My daughter is 20 months old and the child of two of the whitest people you will ever meet -- Irish through and through and never a day of tan in our lives . Every time the doctor sees her the first words out of his mouth are `` SUNSCREEN ! '' . Naturally , she has sensitive skin -- any little thing will leave a mark on her . From the day she was born we used Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive . We moved on to Cruisers when she was old enough and getting around more . We have used Aquaphore every day of her life in conjunction with the cruisers . NICU nurses from a Cleveland Clinic hospital told us in a baby preparation class that Aquaphore is ALL they use and said we could use for as long as she 's in diapers . She 's 20 months old and has NEVER suffered a SINGLE diaper rash with Aquaphore and Pampers . Anyway , we tried the baby dry diapers and she woke up wet every time , or wet through during the day . We do n't have this problem with cruisers and she has never had a skin reaction to them . If we go too long or over `` water '' her she will wet through the diaper but that 's our fault -- I do n't think there 's a diaper on the market that wo n't fail in certain situations . We are generally pleased with these diapers . Maybe it 's the Aquaphore that protects her from the supposed harshness of these diapers but if my daughter did n't react with the Cruisers/Aquaphore combo , I ca n't imagine anyone else having a bad reaction .
 Baby dry was okay until my daughter 's poop got bigger ! It leaks ! We even have to change her pants and bodysuits everyday . I was very frustrated . Then I changed to Pampers Cruisers with Dry max which is a little bit expensive than this one . It worked perfectly !! No leaking and no washing of clothes any more !! But if your baby is not a big eater as my daughter , baby dry was okay . You just have to change often though .
 I originally bought these diapers for my daughter to wear at night . They leaked so badly that I could n't use them . My daughter would be soaked from her chest clear down to her socks . Of course she would wake up early . I had to wash all of her bedding and her jammies every night . You can imagine what the scene looked like when she pooped ! To get rid of this box of diapers , I used them during day use , but , again , the swaddlers worked better and seemed more comfortable for my daughter . The Baby Dry seemed very thin and very uncomfortable ... almost papery . Not good .
 We decided to try these diapers this go around . I made a big mistake by buying a huge pack ! Every morning our Son wakes up soak and wet from him peeing through the diaper . As a matter of fact it is 11:30 pm and he just woke up crying which he never does . We went back to check on him and his Jammies were soaked along with his bed . We will never purchase these diapers again ! We have always used the Pampers Swaddlers and we will be spending the extra money and staying with those .
 I purchased the Pampers Baby-Dry because it advertised that it would keep baby dry for up to 12 hours - it did n't keep her dry for even a 3 hour nap . For an entire week , every single time she would wake up wet - her clothes were wet , her bed was wet , we had to change the sheets twice a day and her clothes even more . It was a disaster . We went back to using Huggies , even though they were more expensive . The time and energy we took laundering and changing everything made the price for Huggies worth it and we have n't had a problem since we switched back to Huggies .
 I am not a fan of the pampers baby dry . I have a 16 month old and when the diaper gets wet it starts to sag in the bottom to the point where it looks funny and I am sure is uncomfortable for her . The fact that she is such a mover I think makes this not a great diaper for her age . The pamper cruisers are great and that is what she is wearing now . Before I could not decide between the baby dry size 5 and the cruisers size 5 because I really did n't know what the difference was and now I do ! The fit !
 I bought these diapers for my 6 month old daughter after using Swaddlers since she was born . The coupon was only for the Baby Dry and with a name like that , would you think anything else than a dry baby ??? Guess again . These diapers are terrible . Of course I got the largest quantity too , 246 diapers , for $ 38.99 . Boy I thought I was making out like a bandit ! I changed my daughter tonight at 6:15 and it 's 8:15 and she 's soaked through to her clothes . And every single morning after sleeping a full 10 hours , she 's got wet sheets and blankets . I can not believe how disappointing this item is . I am shocked that Pampers even makes a diaper like this , when they have Swaddlers on the market . Please , if you are reading this before you switch over , DO NOT BUY THE BABY DRY . I am devastated that I am stuck with 200 more of these awful diapers .
 We tried Pampers Baby Dry on vacation and our had leaks at least once and up to four times per day ! Our one year old baby is a size 3 and does n't have any problems in swaddlers , cruisers or other store brand diapers . I could n't believe how leaky these were !
 I was not happy with pampers diapers . I was using huggies before and after I switched to pamper , there were more leakage accidents . Plus the side wings broke couple of time while putting on diapers . So overall I was not happy with the pampers this product . I had used pampers with my first child few years ago and they were fine .
 I purchased these baby dry thinking we could step up from the Pampers Swaddlers . I was wrong . I just assumed they would be as good as the swaddlers but they are not . My baby girl is 6 months and is an average baby ... not chunky or big -LRB- other reviews mentioned it may have an impact on the diaper -RRB- Here are my con 's : - do not absorb like I need them to . She is up one to two times per night and if I do n't change her at one of the feedings by morning she will be in a puddle and I will have to wash everything.-they are not nearly as soft as swaddlers . - when she is really wet the inside of the diaper will come apart and stick to her . . it is a stringy something that sticks to her legs.yuck.They really are fine during the day , it is at nap and night time that she seems to over flow out of the diaper . I will not order another box of these . I was honestly shocked that they were not better because I really love pampers . Oh well . live and learn .
 These diapers are awful and we 'll never get them again . They seemed thinner than the Huggies we normally buy , so I guess the only plus is that you can fit more in the diaper bag/in the basket on the changing table , but the positives end there . They leak like crazy - esp . when they get pretty full during naps/bedtime - we have to wake up our son to change him in the middle of the night so he does n't wake up in wet pajamas and a puddle in the morning . Also when they fill , they sag so terribly . Our toddler quickly learned he could easily reach in when they were saggy and mess with his poop if he had any . He also easily took them off , unlike the Huggies - probably because they were sagging and uncomfortable . Unfortunately we have 222 to get through ... ugh ...
 This baby dry diaper is supposed to be used for longer duration at nights . Out of the 5 diapers I have used , the gel balls from 2 of them burst and spread all over the house . I have been using the pampers swaddlers and the pampers cruisers but never had issues with them . I will never buy the pampers '' baby dry '' diapers again .
 I hate that these diapers sag ! My daughter weara them for about an hr and they are sagging and they leak . I will never buy these again ! Going back to Luvs . No leaks or saggy diapers !
 I understand that you ca n't avoid leaks all the time - babies move and diapers can bunch or gape . But we are dealing with leaky diapers on a daily basis and the leaks are consistently up the back , not through the leg holes . When I looked at how Pampers are constructed I realized why my 5mo old has been soaked in pee every day since we started using `` Baby Dry '' diapers . -LRB- She is 15lbs and we have been using size 2 . -RRB- If you look inside the diaper the rectangular absorbent pad goes all the way up the front , but there is virtually no coverage in the back . So there is no protection for when my daughter is lying down ; the pee simply runs up the back and soaks her clothes and sheets . This is particularly irritating at night because she loses at least an hour of sleep for every leaky diaper because she has to be undressed , wiped off , and dressed so she is WIDE awake . -LRB- And you KNOW how precious that nighttime sleep is . -RRB- Maybe it 's different with male babies but I ca n't imagine anyone is getting `` 12 hour protection '' with these stinkers . Either the makers of Pampers think babies only pee when sitting up , or they have discovered a great way for us to have to buy more diapers .
 I have used pampers for a lot of years but have always used cruisers . I tried the baby dry version and could n't be more disappointed . Just two diapersin and both were soiled through . Now I do n't know what to do with the other 190 !
 I purchased this pampers and I was giving it a try based on the reviews . After using the pampers for 3 weeks , my baby experienced Urinary Tract infection , and I do n't know how it happened . I went to my family doctor and the doctor recommended changing the diaper to other brand.I did more research regarding Pampers Baby Dry and there is also lawsuit against pampers.In short , I would NOT use this brand again . It costs me headache and pain for my baby .
 I was trying to save money by going with these instead of some of the natural diapers -LRB- a few cents more per diaper -RRB- but I quickly regretted it . I 've never had leaks with the natural diapers but these leaked every night . Little gooey balls came out of the diapers and stuck to my daughter 's skin whenever they got wet , which I did n't like either . I was so relieved when the natural diapers I ordered to replace these arrived , and I will never use these again !!
 This is the first time I ordered size 5 . It was a defective pack . The sides stick to the inside of the diaper when I try to open up the diaper to put it on my child . When I forcibly pull them apart , plastic is left on the area my daughters bum will be , as well as strands of plastic left hanging that I have to be careful to pick off so my child does n't get them . Hopefully it is just this pack . It still absorbs as Pampers usually do .
 These diapers feel wet to the touch . I thought it was just me being crazy but then this morning I went to change my son after feeding him and the burp clothe I laid under him -LRB- so that if he has a blowout while im feeding him my work clothes wont get messed -RRB- was wet . I thought he just leaked but when I looked at his PJs they were wet in spots that were no where near the openings . I diaper had in essences split in different spots ! I wo n't be buying these again .
 Pampers are good quality , pretty good protection against blowouts , etc. . But we have two complaints . First of all , there 's a mesh on the inside that sticks to baby 's bottom pretty consistently . Worse , for us , the `` dry '' part is because of chemicals in the diaper , which caused our baby to develop red , rashy skin very quickly . We 've since read that this is a common issue with Pampers , especially `` dry max '' . Overall , I would not recommend these to a friend . Huggies and others have worked far better for us .
 Props : - The diaper actually does a good job on dry out.Cons : - It is too thin to hold watery poop - It does not have a wetness indicator.Definitely not a good choice for new parents . I will probably buy it when the baby older than 6 months because it 's cheaper than others .
 My daughter has been using Pampers diapers since she was born . We tried Huggies size 4 , but they felt cheap and thin . Oh and it leaked everytime . So we went back to Pampers Cruisers . She is at size 5 now and I was wondering why Baby Dry was cheaper , so I decided to try a box . Baby Dry did n't do it 's diaper job . She has wet her car seat , chair so many times already having baby dry diapers on . We decided to go back to Cruisers . They were the best for my daughter . Pampers overnight for night time use were the best for her as well . Ofcourse there were occasional leaks , but it is minimum . Sometimes leaks happen , but at the minimum is okay .
 We use a different variety of Pampers diapers on monthly delivery . We were running short and bought a box of these `` Baby Dry . '' For some reason , they do not work at all . They leak through the legs .
 We ran out of Earths Best and so I got some of these at Walgreens to hold us over . I am simply shocked that these diapers leak very badly over half the time . I was expecting these to perform better than Earths Best simply because they 've been in business for so much longer and can use all the fancy chemicals . That was not the case at all . I ca n't believe these diapers are still on the market . It 's like they have holes in them . Our son does like the Elmo image , though .
 I bought these because I needed some diaper for when my daughter goes to great grandmas -LRB- or else my cloth diapers end up in the trash ... -RRB- and they LEAKED EVERYWHERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Granted my daughter is a heavy wetter but these say 12 hours !!!! And they smell HORRID !!!! The poo went everywhere . I have NEVER had a leak in my cloth diapers . NEVER . 7 months so I was just used to packing her diapers and not spare clothes so I had to come home from work to get her . Last time I EVER use Pampers again . Everyone told me they were great . YEAH RIGHT !!! I wish I could give them a zero .
 My daughter bought these diapers for her son , my grandson , thinking that they would be better than other diapers because of the Pampers name brand . We BOTH regret this purchase ! These diapers definitely do not last all night . I give them no more than 3 hours ! Needless to say , we will be sticking to Luvs diapers . Not only are they more affordable , but they are RELIABLE !
 These are the worst diapers that I have ever used . They leak after only 2-3 hours of use . If someone was to give me a case of these I would give them away . I have used no name brands that have stood up better than these . Do not waste your money on these diapers !
 We have yet to receive them ?? We are still waiting on this product to arrive . We typically are very happy .
 By the time when I wanted the size 3 diapers for my baby , Pampers swaddlers were not available and I had to buy these after reading the reviews . The problem with these are they do n't have the wet indicator and the baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on.It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the Swaddlers from now on . Hope this helps someone wondering which to buy Swaddlers or Baby Dry , DEFINITELY go with the SWADDLERS !! This is almost the one of the existing reviews .
 I useally buying dipers from amazon.com . However , the dipers on this box are looks like old . Also , I can see the brown spots on the surface . I really want to return it , but I already opened and used some . Check your diper all the time !!
 I just love Pampers Swaddlers and I 've used them for both babies . But these Pampers Baby-Dry sz 3 are just worthless ! Every little wee-wee just balloons the diaper and subsequent wee-wees leak out . Diaper gets `` full '' way too easily , then when we pick her up and hold her it squishes out -LRB- number 1 squeezes out and wets all of our clothes -RRB- . Just no good . Hubby does n't get upset at much , but he is just hugely frustrated about these . We 're going through 3x as many diapers , at least , as we did when using Huggies . So back to Huggies it is .
 This is a worst diaper I ever used for my kids . I bought this just to try , because of its price . This diaper is like a tissue paper . easily tear
 These diapers are horrible ! I 've had 3 in the last 2 days leak . I should have just gone with Swaddlers . The sad thing is I have 246 diapers to use , with the potential of them leaking again ! They also have a horrible smell . It 's supposed to smell clean or fresh , but it just does n't . It 's too strong . The smell I can get over , but the leaking I can not . You can see where it will leak since the blue lining with all the absorbency does n't even go all the way to the edge .
 I have five your old and when he was a baby I swore by these diapers and hated all other brands . With my second child now two I used them for him as well and sometime about a year + ago they must have changed how they made them because he started developing a bad rash . I thought maybe it was a yeast infection or the diapers and took him to the doctor . The doctor said they make diapers pretty good now and did n't think that would be it and decided on a yeast infection . After giving him cream for it , it still did n't go away . I changed to a different brand of diapers in within days the rash was completely GONE !!! But I hated the ghetto diapers and switched back to Pampers . And within a couple days the rash was back . I realized it was in fact the diapers and threw the rest of the box away and switched to HUGGIES ! I 've never been happier . I had my 3rd baby 2 months ago and it 's all about the HUGGIES . Do n't waste your money on these terrible diapers . Not only do the Pampers leave rashes but the diapers when wet let the `` liquid '' :-RRB- leak threw . They are awful ! I ca n't tell you enough . Stick to a different brand , and return any Pampers diapers you got as gifts for baby showers so you do n't have to deal with an unhappy baby !
 The gel caps burst onto my baby 's skin . I will never buy pamapers again .
 I PURCHASED THESE 5 DAYS AGO AND HAD FREE `` 2-DAY SHIPPING '' AND HAVE STILL NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT . WE HAVE TWO BABIES AT HOME THAT ARE BOTH IN DIAPERS SO I WAS HOPING THIS WOULD BE CONVENIENT AND I PURCHASED THESE BECAUSE WE DO N'T LIVE CLOSE TO A CITY SO I WAS TRYING TO SAVE US A TRIP ... WHAT A MISTAKE !!!! VERY DISATISFIED WITH AMAZON !!
 When my son was a newborn , we used these diapers since we had been given some as a gift . We were happy with them , but when it came time to purchase them , he was a size 2 -LRB- at about 10 weeks -RRB- and our budget would n't allow us to buy these diapers , so we got Target 's `` Up & Up '' brand . These worked just fine and never had any issues with them.We got a coupon for 30 % off if we subscribed and that made the price the same as the Target diapers , and since we were pleased with them in NB size , we thought we 'd go ahead and get the bargain priced Pampers with Dry Max.While they definitely have a slimmer profile , it seemed that this made it harder to hold the pee in.First night , his clothes were wet in the morning -LRB- slept through the night , about 7 hours -RRB- due to the swollen diaper pulling away from his body , allowing the pee to escape . When changing him that morning , I noted how strong a smell of urine he had . -LRB- The Target diapers never seemed to emanate such an odor -RRB- I figured it was just a lot of pee that night.Over the next few days , I could n't help but notice that my son always smelled like pee . It seems that , even though the Dry Max may hold a decent amount of urine for such a slim diaper , the drawback is that the gel seems to magnify the urine odor.I do n't want my kid to be the kid who smells like pee :-RRB- so I am going to switch back to Target after these run out , even though the subscription brings the price to almost the same .
 Ok , so I read all about how the new Pampers are causing rashes and blisters , but I am such a die hard Pampers fan that I still asked for them at my baby shower after using them for my twins . My baby has n't had any issues with rashes or blisters so that is not a concern for us . What I did n't read about was how little these diapers actually hold when compared to the old Pampers . Take my comparison for instance . My baby girl is 2 1/2 months old now and sleeps ~ 10 to 12 hours per night without a diaper change . She weighs 14 lbs . I have a box of the old style Pampers Swaddlers -LRB- without dry max -RRB- in size 1-2 which I can barely get on her now -LRB- I bought a huge box so I am going to use them until I just ca n't get them fastened anymore !! -RRB- and a package of the Pampers Baby Dry size 2 which actually fit her much better for her size . Since the Baby Dry version boasts up to 12 hour protection right on the box I thought I would try it . When she woke up in the morning at about hour 8 ... she was completely soaked . I had to give her a bath because her outfit was soppy wet , her sheet was soppy wet , and her extra pad underneath was completely soaked . Enter the `` too small '' old style Pampers Swaddlers and she was dry without soaking through to her clothes after 12 hours . Granted the diaper was HUGE and heavy , but she was still dry.Since I really did love the Pampers brand , I thought maybe I would just have to use a different diaper at night and use the Baby Dry during the day . So , I tried it . She managed to poop completely out the leg and up the back and out of a brand new diaper within the first thirty minutes . Again ... I thought it was just a fluke and maybe I did n't have the diaper on right or she was positioned just right for it to happen so I tried again . The second one lasted a total of 45 minutes before we needed a new diaper and another new outfit . On outfit change number three , I decided that I would finally try out those Huggies Snugglers that someone gave me at my baby shower and I had been avoiding in my closet . Too bad we have stock in Proctor and Gamble rather than Kimberly-Clark because right now they are a MUCH superior diaper to the new Pampers .
 I was very disappointed after seeing the bedding set . Online this set appears to have a satin look and once I saw it in person it appeared to be more flannel in appearance and texture . The picture is very misleading .
 While the concept of this device is great , and it works quite well , it really is n't a necessary addition to the baby arsenal . If you feel inundated with baby stuff , you can leave this off the shopping list . A bowl of warm water works just fine .
 This was great , until we put it in the dishwasher . It says top shelf dishwasher safe , but after running it through the the temperature sticker started coming off and the top ` cap ' no longer held in place . One of the benefits of this over a bowl is that the lid keeps the bottle being warmed from floating out of the water . This helps the bottle warm faster since all of the milk is submerged . We tried contacting Firt Years to get the top replaced and were told they were not able to and to return it to the store . Surprised at the hassle and the warmer now serves limited purpose .
 it does n't hold anything heavy , the clips break so easily . Save your money , this is a very cheaply made product
 Bought this knowing it was plastic but had no idea how cheap it would turn out to be . The clips are falling apart after one week of use and that 's without any kids tugging at it , just mom carefully storing toys , or trying to . The plastic itself is so cheap it 's unsightly . The length of it is nice but I would n't purchase this again . Along with poor quality I 'm disapointed at how few toys can actually be held by the clips and the chain links themselves are too narrow for toys to link directly into them . I would advise you to look around and spend more $ $ if you have to !!
 Love the concept , but the clips inner metal tension wire pops out and clip comes apart when you attempt to open the clip `` too wide '' . Bought the item to hang my teenage son 's hats , but actually broke when I used it to hang a few of his old stuffed animals -LRB- what it was designed for -RRB- . Fix the clip design and I would be willing to pay a few dollars more . Very frustrating !!!
 The package was supposed to have one 6 foot plastic chain and 10 clips . It had 3 chains and clips . Had to send it back but Amazon made that easy .
 This probably would work well , if you have things that you are able clip to it and a place in the ceiling you do n't mind making a large hole in for it . However : The clips do n't open very wide , and sometimes things slip out , so you have to know and test what you 're going to keep on the organizer . I bought it for my daughter 's room , but we are not going to be using it . It also is difficult for her to clip things onto it herself -LRB- difficult to open clips , difficult to get things into the small opening the clips have , etc. -RRB- , which is the ultimate goal when you have kids
 The only thing that kept me from calling this a one-star product is that it actually works . Sort of . Small toys and teddy bears , as depicted , can be clipped to the chain . Larger teddy bears can work as well , if you can find the right spot to clip onto.My biggest issue is that it looks SO cheap . It 's plastic chain and plastic hooks . You could go to home depot and get a ceiling hook -LRB- the same kind you use for hanging plants -RRB- and a nice metal chain for the same price or less . The clothespins are a bit innovative
 it holds a lot of bears i forget the # of clips but its made of plastic & the clips always fall apart
 As long as you do n't want to actually hang things on it , this is a nice looking chain . After 1 to 2 uses , however , the clips spring apart . Nothing really breaks , they can be put back together , but they then function with little to no tension so you 're left with half a clip hanging and the other half has sailed across the room . If you 're lucky the spring mechanism did n't hit you in the eye and you have 10 minutes to reassemble it . Being slightly more cognizant of the value of my time , however , I 'm setting out tomorrow to buy 10 feet of real chain , a big box of binder clips and I 'll make my own . It 'll look cooler for my son 's room , stand up to him and teach me a good lesson
 It gave both my daughters really dry scalp . We called Little Twig to talk to them and did n't even get a call back .
 We were given this carrier as a gift . My husband is 5 ft 10 , and I am 5 ft 2 . My husband wore this carrier on a two hour walk , and his back was in agony afterwards . I can not wear this carrier for more than an hour , without having a sore back for the whole next day . Part of the problem is that the straps wo n't adjust to bring the baby higher . I see other moms with the Baby Bjorn , and their babies look so snug and comfortably high up on their chests , while my baby is swaying , and so low down that her legs are kicking against mine as I walk . My husband can usually fix anything . He is a great handyman , but we can not get these straps to shorten . I will phone Maclaren and see what advice they can offer . If things change , I 'll change my review .
 We tried to use this several times with my daughter -LRB- now 5 months old -RRB- and she screamed each time . I kept thinking that maybe she was too little , but the carrier just never held her properly . She always seemed to be too low in the carrier and she would want to chew on the straps . I thought that she just may not like carriers , but I bought the Bjorn and she abosolutely loves it ! Now that we have used both , there are some serious differences in the way the baby is held and this carrier just does not get it done - at least for us . Also - the difference in the back pressure is unreal ... this one really did hurt my back and she is only 14.4 lbs .
 This flimsy mat came with a large sticker -LRB- product information -RRB- right on the face of it . This sticker is close to impossible to remove because of the glue used and the flimsyness of the mat itself . I can not get the sticker completely off no matter how much scrubbing .
 I was disapointed in how flimsy the material was.As it is for children to eat food on , I expected it to be able to be a little durable . Instead the color and drawings came off after a few scrubbings.Do yourself a favor and buy something that is made of plastic - this is like cardboard that has been run threw an ink printer .
 I got these in the mail today . For $ 6 they are super thin and I feel I paid way too much . I doubt they will make it a month . Save your money and buy somethng else .
 I bought this seat three weeks ago because it was rated by Consumer Reports as their safest booster seat that they tested . It also got reasonably good reviews by parents who had purchased it . However , I watched a report on a national news program yesterday regarding crash tests done by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety on booster seats . Guess which seat they used as an example of the worst qualities in a poor booster seat ? You got it , this one . You can go on the IIHS website and see for yourself . It is found under the `` Not Recommended '' category . Needless to say , this carseat is back in the box and on its way back to Amazon .
 I do n't like this seat at all . It is not user-friendly . We had been using Britax car seats , but I did n't want to spend as much money this time . Yet , this car seat feels so awkward and clumsy . The clasps take a lot more effort than my other car seats , and it 's even difficult pulling the straps tight ~ not impossible , but it takes a lot more energy . We have another booster for my 5 year old in our other car , and I like that seat a lot more -LRB- from Costco -RRB- . I do n't recommend this seat at all ; I wish I could get rid of it . It 's funny , because the Costco seat was less expensive , but it 's obvious that it 's a higher quality seat .
 This review is for model 22-862-BGLE , manufactured 2008 . The harness strap on first one I received became irretrievably jammed in the locking mechanism by the second day -- by the time I got out the strap was so badly frayed it was unusable . Returned it for another one , which was not much better . We 've been careful enough to avoid getting it stuck again , but the harness strap jams so easily that its nearly impossible to tighten the harness properly .
 I have a Eddie Bauer 22-859-afd highback DO N'T buy their products could not secure the latches over 3 hours trying . Friend had a Graco and secured his in 2 minutes . Called company no help there . Stay away from Eddie Bauer car seats is my opinionn . Company does n't stand behind product .
 This is a nice , very well made small bag . I only give 2 starts , because of the incorrect product dimensions . The bag is smaller than described and does not match the dimensions from the manufacturers website .
 After three weeks my brush broke too ! Can not find a replacement , I do not want to buy a whole new rack . Design fault that they should correct . Not good enough
 i found this item by searching amazon for `` made in usa '' , however when i received it , i looked on the box and it is clearly labeled made in china . not for me .
 I bought one the Marine rack for myself and the white for my sister . We both had the same problem . Water pools in the bottom layer and molds . Yes , I empty out the water that accumulates throughout the day , but some water stays there . We both have `` retired '' this bottle rack to our cabinets.The design is beautiful and perfect for a modern kitchen . I now have The First Years drying rack and while it clashes with overall `` tone '' of the house , it is more practical . Luckily , I breastfeed so I do not have to use the rack too often except to dry the pump parts.I think this product fills a void in the market -LRB- come on designers ... give us some non-baby looking modern products -RRB- , however mold/mildew is not worth it to me .
 Water does pool , as other reviewers note , but my bigger problem is how quickly the plastic degrades . I 've used this for about a year , and every few times when I clean it another piece of the center structure -LRB- where the sections screw together -RRB- cracks and breaks off . I do n't think I 'm particularly hard on this , and like very much the way it looks . But now the bottom plate has cracked in the middle . I sure hoped I 'd be able to get through sippy cups and into commuter mugs , but I guess not !
 I like the compact , stylish design of this drying rack , but the brush handle broke off after only a month of usage . Granted , its a minor problem since brushes are cheap , but at the price I paid , I expected better quality . If I had to do over again , I would not buy this product again but would go for a cheaper rack instead and save my money to buy replacement brushes .
 I like the stylish design of this drying rack , however , a key issue is that it does n't drain the water that pools . You end up tilting it daily , to pour out the water , but you still have to scrub it often -LRB- or else it smells -RRB- . Also , nipples do n't have much space on this rack . After three months , I finally retired this rack and purchased The First Years rack to replace it . While The First Years rack is n't as modern / clean looking , I like that it drains the water and has space for nipples .
 I bought this strictly for the look of it . I have the translucent one and it goes great on the kitchen counter . It is really nice that it neatly holds the brush too . The downside is that it really does n't hold that much . The underneath piece just is n't super practical for holding things . I dislike the fact that it does n't have a nipple brush either , which is completely necessary when hand washing bottles . We go through so many bottles on a daily basis that I 've just started using the dishwasher . This would maybe hold half of the day 's bottles for 1 child ... especially if you are using Dr. Browns , which has a lot of pieces to it . It is pretty expensive too , compared to other racks . My advice
 I loved this drying rack at first , especially because it spins nicely and the brush is conveniently located in the middle , however , I have also had problems with mold/mildew in the middle where the water drains . I have taken it apart and cleaned it , and it is a pain to put back together . Plus the clear plastic shows water spots .
 We bought this monitor in anticipation of our third child . We assumed the scan feature would be a blessing . It 's a curse . The transition from one channel to the next is not smooth . The switching is annoying and keeps me awake . Also , sensitivity is non-existant . My second daughter is across the hall from us and when she woke up ill and crying last night we could not hear her on the monitor . My wife heard her crying from her room . We received a free monitor from a baby store that works much better than this one . It 's a shame because the concept is very good . But they should have put more money into the quality of the monitor than the packaging of the system . Pathetic .
 Great concept , horrible product ! We purchased this monitor after the birth of out third child , thought it was the perfect solution to having multiple monitors around the house !! Loved not having to carry monitors all over the house and the idea that they were all the same system that you did n't have to worry about interference . The monitor lost its signal and went to loud static the first night using it , and never got better , totally broken . Thought maybe it was a fluke and exchanged it for another one . The second one lasted 2 nights before it broke . Finally went and purchased a digital monitor and very happy with that , and does n't interfere with our other monitors .
 I tried two of these monitors , hoping that the first was just a bad item , however when the second did the same thing , ToysRUs took it back . The box is a nightmare to get the thing out first of all , and they want you to return it in the box . The monitor clicks , and we did try this all over the house . We even unplugged our cordless phones and computers to see if that was the problem which it was not . It also jumps off channel , and leaves a horrible static sound . I did like the rechargable battery concept , the walkie talkie concept , and the ability to monitor three rooms , however it is just not worth the headaches . I did exchange this for the Sony which is amazing , as per other reviewers .
 We have two children that are a year apart and needed a monitor system that we could place in both of their bedrooms and still hear . On paper this looks like the perfect monitor , until we got it home . Prior to this monitor we had the fisher-price sound and lights and it worked great . This had terrible static on the parent monitor as well as how the lights lit up our entire bedroom when the lights were out . For that price we expected clarity and did n't receive it . Now we are faced with a dilemma because you ca n't have two baby monitors in the same house and this one did n't live up to our expectations . Many reviews said they were unhappy I should have headed their advice and not even purchased it .
 I was disappointed with this product , especially after reading all of the wonderful reviews . We get a lot of static and loud beeping noises when using this monitor . Also , the reception is disappointing . With my previous First Years monitor , I could hear so clearly that I could hear my baby breathing . With this monitor , you can hear the baby screaming , but not fussing or babbling to himself . I miss that clarity . Also , we 've had problems with the scanning function . Sometimes it takes several tries of hitting the scan button before it actually starts scanning . Also , if you inadvertently hit the walkie-talkie button , it stops scanning . Several times I heard my baby crying and wondered why I had not heard it on the monitor , then realized that it had stopped scanning . Finally , you only have the option of monitoring one location or 3 . I usually want to monitor 2 locations . It seems that a better design would allow monitoriing 2 locations because I end up monitoring a location that I do n't care about for 33 % of the time .
 I was very excited that I found this monitor system . I read the reviews and thought with 3 1/2 stars it could not be that bad . We have a large home and had to move our daughter to the other end of the house to get the new baby close to our room . When we tested the monitors you can not hear anything with the volume on max . We tried different channels thinking it would be better but it was not . She talked quietly and you could not even here her and also turned a radio on and it could not be heard . I just did not feeel comfortable using this system with a newborn baby that you want to be able to hear breathe in the middle of the night . We also received the Safety 1st glow monitor and it is wonderful just like our old one . You can hear our daughter breathe , rollover and any tiny sound that may happen in the room . And this is set on a medium volume . My opinion is do not waste your money on this product when you can get one that works 100 times better for $ 100 less .
 I have a 16 month old son and am expecting another boy in September . The children will be in different rooms so I needed a monitor that could pick up 2 rooms . I have the Safety 1st Dual Glow monitor and love it . I have actually recommended it to everyone I know that has had a baby and they all love it too . I tried a few different monitors to try with it to see if that would work to keep the one I have , but I only got static and total feed back . Anyway , since this was from Safety 1st also , I figured it had to be just as good . For the money you spend on this , it 's totally not . If you do n't have it set up in 3 rooms one of the scan channels will give you 5 seconds of static . It sounds like no big deal , however listening to it all day , it 'll drive you nuts ! Also , eventhough it 's set up so you can listen to the rooms individually , you can not listen to the other room unless you scan the entire time or walk around with both receivers on your side . So when you go to bed , you either have to have both receivers by your head or scan all night . That did n't make me feel too secure , especially with a newborn coming . The other problem I ran into is that whenever I picked up our phone or hung it up , it popped . It popped when the microwave ran , when a light switch was turned on , or it popped for no reason . I returned it within a week of getting it . I am now going to try the Sony 27 channel monitor . It 's gotten a lot of great reviews and I still need another monitor . September is coming soon . .
 When I received the Home Connection Monitor one of the receivers had a constant and intolerable clicking sound no matter where it was placed in my home . The other receiver worked okay , other than that the volume was extremely low and there was a considerable amount of static . I was unable to hear my daughter get out of bed and leave her room even at the highest volume . Because this was the only monitor of its kind that I was able to find , I decided to give it a try despite the problems . I even went out and purchased a new cordless phone with a different frequency to eliminate any possible interference . We do not have a satellite dish or alarm system so these were not an issue . After a couple of weeks of use the one working monitor began to have periods of extremely loud static , so that nothing else could be heard through it , and this soon became constant , so that it was unusable.This is the worst quality product I have ever received and I am extremely disappointed and frustrated . Despite the numerous bad reviews and obvious problems with the product , Amazon refused to cover return shipping charges when I returned it . My advise , do n't waste your time or money .
 I bought this monitor last night , needless to say it will be going back to the store today.Not only is it EXTREMELY noisy with all of the crackling and static , but when it is quiet for a BRIEF moment , you can hardly hear the baby cry , even with the volume turned up to the max.For a retail price of $ 129.99 , I would expect better reception.The idea is great , the execution of it is horrible .
 My husband and I bought this monitor thinking it would solve our problem of having two kids and three rooms to monitor -LRB- 2bedrooms and a playroom -RRB- . Boy were we wrong . It worked great for the first 24 hours . After that it got squealy and get staticy one one of the channels . When I calle dthe manufacturer they told me I hade my receiver and monitors to close together -LRB- event though they were n't in the same rooms -RRB- so they sent me new power cords . When that did n't work and a second channel started acting up I called to get a replacement . But first I had to send the old one back -LRB- leaving us monitorless -RRB- . Once I received the new monitor it worked geat for 24 hours and it all started again . I finally got a refund after about five months . OVER ALL this product did not work the way it is supposed to and did not make our lives any easier .
 I was so excited to find this product . I have two children under 2 years of age and really wanted a monitor with two base units - and this one has three ! I purchased it thinking it would be worth the hefty price tag , but unfortunately I was wrong.This monitor had a constant static-y hum and would periodically crackle loudly , which was very annoying compared to the monitor I used to have that was completely silent . I might have been willing to deal with that except I could barely hear my children even with the volume turned all the way up . I was used to hearing my son breathing over our old monitor , but with this one I could only hear him well if he was crying loudly . I could n't believe how low the maximum volume was!This monitor was definitely not worth the price considering the poor quality - it was almost worthless ! I returned it and am going to try using two different monitors instead .
 Okay , so I did not read the reviews until after we registered for this monitor and I figured if some people gave it good reviews than it could n't be all that bad . Boy was I wrong . I 'm actually still trying to figure out how ANYONE could rely on this to monitor their kids - but I 'm going on the assumption that it 's their first monitor.We have twins - 2.5 and a new baby on the way . We just moved into a new home and we did n't get the built in monitor like we had in our old home because it was $ 1400 and we just did n't think we could justify that . Anyhow , the twins used a lights and sounds monitor for the past two years when we were traveling , etc. and it worked well . However since they still need to be monitored and the new baby needs one too we looked for a multi room system to purchase . This was the one we saw and you figure for the price it will work , right ? Well , we hooked it up on Wednesday and used it for a few nights -LRB- just for the twins as the baby is not here yet :--RRB- -RRB- . I knew right away the sound quality was low and when we tested it , we just could n't hear the little noises they make as well as we used to ... but we liked some of the other features so we gave it another night . Night two at 2:30 am loud static came through and scared us both out of bed and that was followed by the mysterious clicking sound for a few moments . Once we realized everything was okay , I told my husband I was going to look at other monitors in the morning . So we used it for two more nights and then yesterday we went back to Toys R Us and bought the Sony 27 channel monitor that I read about online . Some people said you could use multiple units together.So we did the at home test - tried this 900 MHz Home Connection once again and did the talk test and then unplugged it and tried the new Sony in the same room , late at night while the kids were sleeping . I was in the room whispering and my husband was across the house cracking up laughing at the difference between the two . He made such a big deal about how different the sound quality was that we switched them again so I could hear the difference and let me tell you there is NO COMPARISON !!! We could not BELIEVE the sound difference . You can hear a burp or a whimper or any little sound with the Sony and on this Home Connection you have to almost talk to hear anything . IT IS A HORRIBLE MONITOR !!! I am so glad I went with my instinct to try another one because we can not get over the difference in sound . If you buy TWO Sony 27 Channel monitors it 's $ 100 - VS $ 129 for this piece of junk . I would n't even monitor my dogs with this one . Tomorrow it is going back to TRU.Please do your research and if you buy two and compare them you too will be AMAZED at the sound quality from just about any other monitor than this one . And I know I 've always wanted to hear every little noise my little ones made when I was n't in the room just to make sure they were always safe.Truely it 's a great concept and if it worked as well as the crazy -LRB- and costly -RRB- packaging they put it in , it would be worth twice the price.Last night we had the volume up too high on our new Sony and my daughter woke up crying around 12:30 and we both jumped out of bed . We 've since adjusted the volume perfectly but once again we were laying in bed laughing at just how much of a huge difference there really is . And that 's using the Voice Activated feature on the Sony . You can hear EVERYTHING with it and this Home Connection did not pick up or amplify ANY sounds they made.I would not recommend this monitor to ANYONE.Hope my feedback helps in some way . Thanks !!
 Please do not waste your time or money on this product . I have a 17month old and another due any day . We need to monitor both kids and I was so excited that I found this product . BOY WAS I WRONG . I can not emphasize enough how irritating the crackle/pop sound every 30 seconds can be . Not to mention the loud screeches other reviewers mentioned , mine seemed to be picking up interference from my TV . We have Direct TV , I dont know if that has anything to do with it . Switching channels didnt help , neither did moving the receivers and bases . Lastly , the volume doesnt go high enough , I only heard my kid crying when I held the receiver up to my ear at maximum level . Its ashame the fancy packaging had clearer sound quality than the monitor itself . By the way , this only got one star because there was no option for no stars .
 Another reviewer wrote
 We are expecting twins , so we were really excited to find this product . We hooked it up -- it has some really nice features like a walkie talkie , 2 parent sets , and a rechargable battery in the parent sets . One of our parent sets simply did n't work -- all static !! Several others reviwers mentioned to simply read the directions . Well , we are pretty tech savvy , and we certainly know to have the monitors on the same channel ! There is just a lot of static , and one simply did n't pick up a signal from the baby set . Also , it is n't very loud . You would have to have the volume up full blast to hear a baby cry . It also interfered with our cordless phone despite the channel we picked . Save your money and buy something cheaper !
 I thought this monitor set would solve all our problems -- ability to listen to 2 children and have receivers in different rooms . Yes , it does that but there is a lot of static and the receiver had to be turned up too high in order to hear the kids . The scanning feature was a big disappointment -- probably the biggest disappointment with this unit . The scanning feature allows you to listed to each monitor for a few seconds each . Problem is , if you are only using 2 of the 3 units then you will hear unit 1 , unit 2 and then static for the unit not being used . That is very annoying . It should only scan units currently in use -- or at least not deliver static for the unit not used.In short , this unit offers more than is delivered .
 I couldnt belive it when I saw this monitor I thought it was purfect until I got it hom then threw away the recipt -LRB- big mistake -RRB- and the box -LRB- trash day too . -RRB- This Monitor is the worst monitor I have ever seen . Sure the set up is ok and it is versible but all night it makes this anoying clicking noise . The reception is horrible ! When my phone rings it goes crazy ! -LRB- Click ... Click ... Click -RRB- This thing Has kept me up every night since I have owned it . I do not recomend spending the amount of money on this monotor . I 'm going to buy a 20.00 dollor one today !
 I bought this monitor because as of Jan. 10th I will have a newborn and an 18 month old still in a crib . We had a Fisher Price monitor that we used first with our Great Dane puppy then with our son that worked great until Nov. -LRB- about 2.5 years -RRB- . I had put this monitor on my registry for my daughter and decided to go ahead and buy it . It worked ok for the first week although one of the receiver had the clicking sound people referred to . I was just going to call the company and see if they would replace it when the second receiver began the same thing . I 'm not a light sleeper but it kept me up . The volume -LRB- therefore the static and clicking -RRB- had to be turned almost all the way up so I could hear my son in the morning . I ordered 2 of the Sony 27 channel monitors which so far have been great together . This monitor is now in the garbage along with the $ 130 I paid for it . I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 Could only stand it for two days - had to return ... Lots and lots of static , popping , and chirping . I could barely even hear the baby , even with the volume turned all the way up . Plus , the volume control broke on one monitor and a light burned out on the other monitor , all within two days of getting it home . Could n't have been interference with other devices because I unplugged everything in my house and still had problems . Would never ever recommend this product to anyone - deserves a 0 star . I have ordered the Sony 27 channel monitor and will hopefully have better luck !
 We were so excited to see this monitor on the market because we have 2 small children and a split bedroom plan . Our excitement turned into a HUGE disappointment when we plugged it in and all we heard was static . We tried it in several places and nothing worked . It is a great idea ; someone just needs to make one that actually works and I will be the first one to buy it . Save yourself some time by not buying this monitor and having to return it .
 Clicking and static is the hidden surprise when you purchase this monitor set . Do n't even consider buying this if you own a cordless or cellular phone because it gets real interesting then . I 've tried everything I can think of to improve the quality but nothing seems to work . Save your money and buy two cheaper monitors instead .
 I purchased this monitor and upon setting it up -LRB- and yes , I made sure the parent receivers were on the same channels respectively as the monitors -RRB- , there were nothing but problems . First , the scan button on one receiver was stuck , and it would not scan . I thought this was what was making the constant annoying clicking , so I exchanged the monitor for an identical one that had 2 functioning receivers . Low and behold , the clicking was still there with the new monitor !! As many other reviewers have already mentioned , you have to have the receivers turned to nearly the highest volume to hear anything at all in the room you are monitoring . The kicker though was that in the middle of the first night of use , something went haywire with the reception , and suddenly my child 's room was no longer being monitored . All I could hear was very loud static . It was as though the channel had changed all on it 's own . I keep the monitor on top of a 6 foot piece of furniture , so I knew there was no way my child had changed the channel by playing with it . So I had to take our old $ 20 monitor in and replace the expensive worthless one so that we could actually monitor the room . Talk about irritating . Needless to say , the monitor went back to the store the very next day .
 After not having any luck finding another monitor that would be compatible with the one I already had , I bought this one to monitor my infant , toddler and play rooms . It worked fantastic for the first 5 hours and then one reciever played static on all 3 rooms after I turned it off and back on again . The other receiver still worked , but why pay $ 130 and have part of it not work ? I tried all of the trouble shooting tips and this was not even mentioned . Also every 5 minutes or so , we would get a loud screech from one of the monitors . This probably because of too many other devices in our house and neighborhood that use 900 mhz and interfere . Our other one works great and uses only 49 mhz . I do n't have the time or patience to call the Safety 1st customer service who will probably say to ship it back to the manufacturer to fix the 1 reciever . It 's going back to the store not even 24 hours after buying it . We are going to try one with more than 2 channels next to see if that solves the static problem . But as far as one reciever not working at all , that is unacceptable .
 With two children this looked like the perfect system - but we were extremely wrong . It has horrible static on every station and we were constantly getting interference coming across . Do not waste your time or money on this system - it is absolutely terrible !
 I obtained this item for my baby shower . By the time I was ready to use it , the return policy expired . I called Safety 1st to report an issue with a loud static sound on each unit . The company reported that I must turn off my wireless network , direct tv , and cordless phone for 30 minutes and keep it off in order for the monitors to work . If you utilize any of these devices , they can not be in use at the same time as the monitor . I tried this and the units still did not work . The company asked that I ship them back , and once they have the unit , they will ship me a new set . This will take 3 weeks while my newborn goes unmonitored . I told them that this was not acceptable . They said I could buy a replacement set , and they could send me a refund less sales tax . At a cost of $ 130.00 plus , I could not afford to do so . This company puts it own interests before an infant , and does not offer a product that can work at the same time as a phone , tv or computer . It is useless . I am waiting for a supervisor to call back , as the representative was quick to end the call once I voiced my concerns .
 This monitor is terrible ! I bought this one because I live in a 2-story home , and thought it would be great because I could have receivers and monitors in different locations upstairs and downstairs . Yes , that part was fine , but all the static was n't what I needed . I tried to change all the channels on every monitor and receiver , but still got static , plus an additional beeping sound every 15 seconds . I ca n't get any sleep with all that noise . This is the worst product you can buy for the money . I 'm hoping the new Sony monitor will work better ; it seems to have the best reviews .
 I read all the reviews and thought this would be a great monitor with our second child arriving soon . That was until we got home used it for three nights and realized how much I hate it . There is a constant hum on both of the parents unit -LRB- not like our fisher price monitor -RRB- , I had to turn the volume up all the way to hear our son and still had a hard time hearing him . -LRB- the baby unit was appoximately 4 feet away from his bed -RRB- The concept on this monitor is great , if they can work out the kinks
 I just had my second baby and was so excited about the new monitor so I could use it for both babies , but I was a little confused on what you get , and very disappointed with the quality . First of all in order to listen to all rooms at night or whenever , you have to push the scan button and it scans each room for a few seconds and moves to the next , which makes different annoying noises in each area , -LRB- like static ... -RRB- . If you do not need three receivers , too bad , the scan will scan all three and if you do not have one hooked up , it will make static noise . Also the walkie talkie feature only works from parent unit to parent unit , not to the room itself . But , the reason I took it back was because I had to crank the volume all the way up and still could not hear it well . I would not feel comfortable using it for my newborn , as it does not pick up the little sounds , only the loud cries . This is my second child and my second monitor , -LRB- which I love , but I thought this would be better -RRB- . I was very unsatisfied with this product and would not recommend it to any of my friends . I think they are on to something , but are not there yet .
 This monitor was great for about a year . I had a 2 yr old , a 1 year old and a newborn all in different rooms . Once the baby turned one , the monitor turned to pure static . Yes you can still hear the baby cry through the static , but it is so annoying ! I 'm trying to figure out how to contact the manufacturer for help in fixing it .
 I thought this monitor would be awesome . I could put one downstairs and in two different bedrooms . Well one monitor does n't even work and who has time to contact the company with a new baby . The monitor that does work has a lot of static . It is hard for me to fall to sleep at night with the thing on . So , I ca n't even use walkie talkie feature . I am not happy with this product . Overall , I would not recomend it .
 I received this monitoring system as a gift and I really like that it has 2 parent units and 3 room monitors . The major problems I have had with this monitor include one of the parent units not working and excessive static , even on the second channel . I also hate the lights on the parent monitor . They are VERY bright , and at first , I had a really hard time sleeping with them on . The blue light seems to be the brightest . I did call the company regarding the faulty parent unit and they gave me no hassel on the phone and said they would ship a new one out . I still have not received it , however , and it has been nearly 2 months !!!
 We too were looking for exactly what this monitor said it had to offer . The multiple units and walkie talkie feature is a great idea , but it 's too bad it does n't work . The constant static , clicking noises and lack of sensitivity all contributed to me returning this product to the store today . We tried unplugging every cordless phone in the house , repositioning it in the rooms and changing the channels , but nothing ever worked . I too thought for this price I really must be getting everything , but all I got was static .
 This seems like the perfect solution for those with two or three children they want to monitor at the same time . It would have been great if it actually worked . I had nothing but static for a majority of the time . When there was n't static there was this odd clicking/popping noise . The first night I used it , it woke me up at 2 AM making this horrible SCREECHING noise . The only way to make it tolerable was to turn it down , so there was no point in owning it . Thinking I had a faulty model I exchanged it for another one , only to have the same problems with the second one so I returned it as well . Another downfall is that if you only want to use 1 or 2 of the monitors you will get static in place of the ones that are not in use since the system is designed to scan all three . VERY DISAPPOINTING .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- i have a 2 year old and a 9 week old so i thought this would be perfect . i followed the directions and had them all set to the appropriate channels.i agree with all of the other negative comments ... no need to rewrite them . three words of my own to add ... STATIC STATIC STATIC .
 We read the reviews of this product already posted , which were mixed -LRB- some liked it and others did not -RRB- . However , the monitor was ideal for our 3-level town home and we thought that we 'd give it a chance , hoping that the problems mentioned in the reviews would not surface.Unfortunately , the first night we turned the monitor on , the problems started . The clicking on the receivers started as well as the loud , consistent static , both difficult to sleep through -LRB- most of the nights we turned the monitor off -RRB- . Less than two weeks after we bought the monitor , at our earliest convenience , we are returning it !! Happy monitoring and believe the reviews you read !
 I have had three children and three monitors . This is by far the worst I 've ever had . It does n't hold a charge even when the ac adapter is being used . It also makes an annoying high pitched distant noise ; very unnerving for those that are trying to get some sleep before their baby wakes again . I would have given it 0 stars if it was n't for one cool feature ; it doubles as a walkie talkie and you can speak to those close to the second receiver . The best monitor I 've had was the Sony 900 mhz . The Summer video monitor works well too , but the antenna is fragile and not to be used around toddlers .
 We are expecting our second child soon so we will have 2 under the age of 2 . I was so excited to find this monitor . It looked like the answer to our monitor needs . Unfortunately ... . I will be returning this monitor today . The sound is terrible . It has some static but the problem is mostly that it not sensitive enough for me . My son has to nearly scream for me to hear him clearly . I was previously using the Fisher-Price 900 MHz and I could hear amazingly clear . I 'm so glad I tested it out before I had to use it with my newborn . I am not comfortable with the very poor sound quality of this monitor .
 The idea is perfect but these monitors are not made properly . No matter what we did or what advise the company gave us we could barely hear anything thru these monitors . The monitor was with in 2 feet of the kids beds and yet even with the volume turned ALL the way up we could hardly hear them on our end ! Again , its a wonderful idea but these just do n't work right .
 I thought the people who gave this a bad review just got a bad item and that I would get a good model that would not have static and feedback , well I was WRONG !!! This was not worth my time or energy tracking it down . Has a clicking to it and has constant weird noise as it switches to different channels . I would not recomenrd this one . It is going back tommorow . Great concept but bad execution .
 I have twin baby girls . When I saw this monitor I knew that it would be the one for me . We set it up with one receiver in their room , one where I nursed , and one where they took their naps . It was fantastic for about two days.It did n't matter where we put the girls , we did n't need to keep moving the base unit . The girls were monitored wherever they got placed.My husband and I utterly enjoyed the walkie-talkie function . `` I 've got her , over . '' `` Bring up something to eat , over . '' We could talk to each other from across the house without shouting . It was fun!Then the interference took hold . There are only two channels to choose from . On one channel we kept picking up our neighbors phone from across the street and some feedback . The other channel had so much feedback that we could only use the monitor with the volume turned all the way down . Neither of these situations were practical or worked while we were sleeping . -LRB- The neighbors ' teenage daughter apparently talks all night long . -RRB- We finally returned the monitor and got a Sony BabyCall 910 . It only has one base and one receiver , but it has 27 Channels to choose from . We miss the flexibility , but not the interference.Bottom line ... if you have twins try it but keep your receipt .
 This product was given to us for our baby shower , we were so excited about it that we decided to try it out that night . We placed it in our 2 year old 's room to see if it would work , unfortunately we got nothing but lots of static , we could n't hear anything , my husband and I even went in the room and talked to see if we could hear something but we did n't . Needless to say we returned it the very next day and purchased a less expensive fisher-price monitor that worked a lot better . Save your money !!!!
 When I first purchased this unit , I was so excited to be able to place monitors downstairs and in my son 's bedroom . This system seemed perfect because it also has two parent units with rechargeable batteries . After using the system for about a month , we began to hear a loud clicking sound intermittenly on both of the parent monitors . The frequency of the clicking has increased to such a degree that it is impossible to sit in a room with the clicking monitor , let alone trying to sleep near one.I do have several cordless phones , an alarm system and a satellite dish , all of which the company pointed to as possible culprits for the poor performance of the system . Cordless phones , alarm systems and satellite dishes are fairly common . It would be nice to have a product that is designed with the current state of technology in mind . For the cost of this system , I wish that they at least provided an option of more than two channels to try.The one positive thing I have to say about this system is that the manufacturer does stand behind its product . I was offered a refund or a replacement .
 I was looking so forward to taking advantage of having a monitor in three rooms , but if we use our cordless phone or cell phone the monitor goes crazy . Also at night we have to put the volume all the way up due to all the static that comes through . I am going to Babies R Us tomorrow morning and buying Baby Call by Sony . It is only $ 49.99 and rated one of the best in Consumer Report . I truly believe this was a waste of $ 129.99 that could have been spent on somrthing worth while .
 Thought this would be great for us when 2nd child was born . -LRB- we currently have a fisher price Sounds and Lights -RRB- But much to our disappointment , proved to be incompatible w/900 mghz phones and whatnot - even when not placed near phones . There was so much static - no matter what we did - as well as loud buzzing . I should note we live in private house - so there was not interference from neighbor 's monitors . You have to monitor 1 or 3 zones - ca n't just monitor 2 . Also , the most wasteful packaging I have ever seen for a product of this size ! We returned it and purchased a sony 900 mghz with a lot of frequencies to choose from . Great idea for a home system - but poor execution .
 We saved up to buy this monitor after the birth of our second child . We got it 2 weeks ago , and are already on our second one . The first one had a receiver that stopped working properly within a week . We exchanged it for another one , which also lasted about a week before it started having horrible and unexplainable static out of nowhere . I 'll be returning it ASAP for a refund and will go back to using 2 different -LRB- less expensive ! -RRB- monitors instead . Side note -- someone else was at the same store returning this monitor for being faulty the first time we went back as well . Definitely do n't waste your time or your money on this monitor -- it does n't work !
 The idea was great ... but the monitors make terribly sounds if I turn on the microwave , use my cordless phone , use my cell phone , or use any other baby monitor ...
 I read all the reviews for this product but hoped that I would get the one that acutally worked . Not the case . I didnt have any problems with static . We have a newborn and a fourteen month old . The baby was crying and I could not even hear it on the monitor with the volume turned all the way up . I returned it the next day . The reason you are paying so much money for this monitor is the packaging . The packaging alone for this monitor is atleast $ 25 of the cost . Any way dont buy it , it doesent work . I have no idea how long my poor baby was crying that night . I wouldnt recommend this piece of garbage to my worst enemy . The only reason I gave this monitor 1 star is because I had to . In my book it gets no stars .
 Despite the negative feed back we read we let the few positives out way them and gave it a try . Well we are on our second child and thought the concept would be great , how wrong we were . Save your money and buy 2 cheaper monitors , the volume on the reciever when all the way up is less than a whisper , we can hear the kids in the other room on our own before we can hear them on the monitor . The interferance or static was not a problem with this monitor , but you do need superb hearing to hear anything coming out of the reciever .
 We have twin girls and nap them in separate rooms . Up until this point we have two monitors , thus two receivers in our family room . I thought this was the perfect solution to our problems and was even willing to overlook the cost for the features it claimed to have.I read the other reviews and ignored the ones saying it would n't work b/c I REALLY wanted it to work . I thoroughly read the instructions so we could get it right , tried it out for a couple days and were extrememly disappointed . There was some underlying static , not really noticable unless you put your ear up to it . I could even put up with that , but the big disappointment was in the overall reception . When my girls talked loudly I could hear them fine , but only if the volume was at a high setting . When they talked at `` normal '' voice levels I had to really listen to hear them and that was with the volume all the way up . The reception just was n't as clear as other monitors we have tried . We have since switched to the Sony 27 channel one and have had GREAT luck with it.Sorry to all those who really wanted this one to work , save yourself the trip . Listen to the others who have had similar complaints , I read the instructions , followed them to the tee and still had problems !!!
 I loved the concept since we have two kids under the age of 2 but both monitors broke after a couple of months . One kept on having static and the other monitors lights did not work . The idea is great but too bad the product did not live up to its promise . I ended up buying two separate monitors that added up to be less expensive and work better .
 I have a baby and a toddler in two bedrooms . I thought this sounded like a great idea . It is not . The monitor is extremely sensitive to interference through ANY electrical devices in your home . I practically unplugged my entire home trying to find what caused the interference , and never completely resolved the problems . Even with the volume very high , the sound was too faint -LRB- except for static -RRB- . Also , I did not like the fact that the scan feature must scan all three monitors , you ca n't have it scan only two rooms . I returned it , and for a lot less money bought two separate monitors that work great with no interference or static .
 This is a nice , very well made small bag . I only give 2 starts , because of the incorrect product dimensions . The bag is smaller than described and does not match the dimensions from the manufacturers website .
 This mostly did it 's job , but after washing it a half dozen times I can barely stretch the pad to cover the mattress . You might want to hang this item dry , or it wo n't last more than a couple of years . I would hope that a fitted item like this would be pre shrunk .
 WEll made , durable , but potentially toxic . Parents concerned about long-term health of their children will opt for a more child-friendly form of waterproofing .
 We were given a Carter 's mattress pad as a gift , but I wanted to buy `` the best '' so I got the Sealy . I washed/dried it and tried to put it on the mattress . It says right on the tag on the pad that the cover must wrap under the mattress at least 2 '' on all sides to prevent entanglement -LRB- a suffocation hazard -RRB- . Well , it did n't even cover the sides of the mattress , let alone 2 '' underneath . We have a standard size crib mattress so it obviously shrank even though it says it is preshrunk . I had to use the Carter 's pad which fits fine and does n't pose a suffocation hazard . Both have the same dimensions on the package too -- 28 X 52 .
 I was less then impressed with the quality of the stretchy sides , and the scratchy surface , but what is really bad is it shrunk up terribly when washed one time in warm water and dried in the dryer . We do NOT have extra thick crib mattresses . These pads are useless and a big waste of 40.00 since I bought two for my twins.I expected more of Sealy and will be writing them next.Don ' t waste your money !!
 From the reviews , I thought this pad was a winner . But after one wash , the edge of the quilted padding attached to the elastic siding ripped . This left about a one foot tear . Fluke or quality control issue ? I do n't know . Needless to say , I am returning it .
 Just bought this item and exactly followed the washing instruction to wash it in sensitive cycle and dry it in very very low heat -LRB- sensitive care cycle -RRB- . It already has a few tears ! This was only the first wash ! The reason I give it 2 stars is that it still fits in the mattress . I guess it is not completely useless .
 I registered for a couple of these , and was glad to have the chance to try them out months before my twins are scheduled to arrive . We have regular Sealy crib mattresses , but the pockets on this pad were only large enough to fit down the sides of the mattress , not wrap around underneath . I was concerned that this might be a safety issue , and ended up exchanging these crib mattress pads for ones with `` extra deep '' pockets by Continental Quilting , which fit much better .
 I accidentally bought this mattress pad , thinking it was the same as the one I already had , when I went to buy a second . It 's not very good quality . Every time I go to put it on the mattress it feels like my fingers are going to poke through the cheap stretchy sides . And it only barely covers the mattress ; it 's pretty much holding on for dear life at the corners . I have a Sealy mattress from Babies R Us and it 's not extra thick , so there 's no reason this should n't fit . For the same price , you 're much better off going with the UltraSoft Quilted Mattress Pad by Continental Quilting . I have one of those and it is * great * . It fits the mattress really well , with no chance of it popping off . I wash it all the time and it has n't shrunk a bit .
 I bought a pair of these a few months ago when my son was still working on staying dry at night . He wore these over a pair of Gerber cloth training pants - I thought double absorption combined with the Imse Vimse waterproof layer would work . Wrong ! My son wet the bed while wearing this combo two times and each time it leaked as if he had been wearing only big boy undies . As far as I can tell , they absorbed nothing and did nothing to prevent leaks . This product might be useful for catching a few drips on the way to the toilet , but beyond that it 's pretty useless - which is unfortunate at any price .
 Very useless pants . I bought them and tried them on my toddler twins and they did not work at all on a boy or girl and I did buy the correct size . They even leaked when used over diapers at night . They bascially do nothing .
 No information about the dimensions of this product , I do not really feel sastifecho was not what I expected , I thought it was bigger
 THIS IS GOING TOO SMALL BEFORE TOO LONG . I 'M NOT REALLY SATISFIED . I THOUGHT IT WAS BIGGER THAN THIS . i 've seen these in stores and they were even cheaper and they were larger , and i thought i was getting a real good deal , boy was i fooled . margaret creek .
 I was considering purchasing one of these for myself . . as a new grandma-to-be or my daughter-in-law but decided not to as the crib still has bumper pads around it ! Although bumper pads are still being sold in Canada they are NOT recommended because of the restricted air flow.I teach childbirth , parenting classes in Ontario , Canada & we teach our clients about the hazards of using bumper pads etc. I am wondering if the bumper pads in this product can be removed.Sheryll
 We bought this smaller pack n ' play to save on space while traveling and staying in guest rooms . This travel bed seemed pretty shaky and the bassinet never laid flat . As he got older , it seemed to get too small too fast . He was n't even 6 months old before he was cramped in the bed and waking up frequently at night because he rolled into a wall . It 's already hard to travel , and we did n't need his temporary bed taking away even more precious sleep.If you just want something to have around the house , I recommend the full sized pack n'play . I feel like I have gotten my money 's worth in the 8 months that I 've been using it . It 's also just fine for road trips and does n't take up too much room in the trunk of our Accord .
 I registered for this item when expecting my little girl . I found it to be the perfect in room sleeping solution as it is compact enough for small spaces yet wider than your standard oval shaped bassinets . Unfortunately , my daughter did not take to the product very well and I can see why . The mattress is a very rough almost cardboard type thing that supports only a fitted sheet that you must order online . The sheets for the pack and play are the most rough and scratchy sheets you have ever seen . After my daughter was almost two months and began to move more in her sleep I would often wake to find her head up against the meshed sides . She stayed uncomfortable and therefore could never get a good nights rest in this thing . The toys are pretty pointless too , they are n't much to look at . Although we have failed to get any benefit out of the sleeping portion of the crib lite I am going to at least see if she takes to the bassinet once she is sitting up .
 I was going to give this product 2 stars but in writing this review I decided it did n't deserve that many!Let me start off by saying that I really wanted to like this crib . We have a really small apartment and we thought this would be perfect because of the small size ... light weight -LRB- I have a bad back and this is really easy to move around the apartment when needed -RRB- ... and I read many good reviews -LRB- the price was excellent too ! -RRB- . However , it is wayyyyyyy too small . I thought that since so many people used this for so long that it would be possible but do not buy this expecting to use it long ... it might work well as a portable playpen but do n't expect to be able to have your baby lie down in it . Our son was born 4 weeks early and is now turning 3 months in about a week ... he is about 12lbs and 24 '' tall and he 's almost grown out of the CRIB portion and we have to look for something else for him to sleep in now . The specs say that the bassinet is for babies less than 15 lbs . Our son grew out of it at 9lbs because it buckled under his weight and whenever he moved in his sleep the bassinet part shook making him feel insecure , waking him up and causing him to scream . This was n't nearly as disappointing as him nearly growing out of the crib portion because at least we could just take the bassinet part out and put him in the crib . However , the specs also say that the crib portion is for babies less than 35 '' tall and 30 lbs . I seriously do n't know how anyone could put a baby that big in this . Like I said , our son is 24 '' tall and he only has about 5 '' -LRB- if that -RRB- before he can hit head to toe ! He also likes to sleep with his arms stretched out to the side but when he tries to do this ... he hits the sides which sometimes causes him to awaken and scream.Another thing that I do n't like about this is the mesh material ... it is very rough and scratchy . My son moves around quite a bit in his sleep . One night he ended up with his head near the side of the bassinet ... it rubbed up against the mess -LRB- that is exposed to baby in bassinet form ! -RRB- and he woke up with a big red mark on his head . It went away in a little while but I was very upset that it happened . I ended up fitting bumpers to the bassinet so that if it happened again he would n't hit the mesh . Baby 's skin is very soft and it does n't take much to irritate it ... I would hope that softer mesh could be used or that they would make sure that none was exposed to the baby!I definitely do n't recommend this crib at all . Somehow ... find a way to fit something bigger and spend a little extra money ... that 's what we have to do and this was really a waste of money . Sure ... we used it for 3 months but we could have bought something better to begin with that we could have used much longer and would n't have to replace .
 First off , let me say that the funtion of the travel lite is just fine . However , be clear ... this is NOT a standard pack n play ! We do n't own one but my mother in law has one for us to use at her house.My children are tall for their age -LRB- 75-90th percentile -RRB- and each out grew the travel lite by 9-10 months old . A standard pack n play they could fit in until 2 1/2 years.If you only intend to use it for the first few months it works great , but beyond that taller children are not very comfortable.My younger son tends to drool in his sleep , sometimes creating an uncomfortable wet spot on the sheets . In a standard pack n play we have the room to move him around and can just change the sheets in the morning . With the travel lite we were forced to do several middle of the night sheet changes because there was n't a lot of room for him to move around.Just does n't really work for us .
 First of all there are so many straps it was confusing , and the instructions did not help . It also says that it will fit up to 35 pounds , which for my daughter , who weighs 28 pounds was not true . I ended up giveing it away to a women who 's baby is alot smaller . I would say that 20 pounds should be more accurate for the weight limit .
 This teether looks better live , it 's well designed and the colors are much brighter than what 's shown in the picture . When you twist it , it makes a cool clicking sound . I know my baby would have loved this toy , but the reason I did n't give it to her was that the one I received had what appeared to be dried crusty glue around the seams that would not wash off no matter how hard I scrubbed . I ca n't possibly give this to my baby to put in her mouth . Too bad . The cost of this item does n't justify paying postage to return it , so maybe I 'll let my daughter play with it when she stops putting everything in her mouth .
 I did not read the other reviews before ordering this . It sounds great , but the product has a HORRIBLE chemical smell . I washed it several times , but it would not go away . The teether has now been laying around my house to be returned for literally five months and it still smells . I can not give it to my baby to chew on and would strongly discourage anyone from buying it .
 My baby initially chewed on this and after a few minutes she dropped it . I gave it back to her and she would not put it in her mouth . I tried it and realized that there is a terrible chemical odor . It is not dishwasher safe or able to be boiled . I worry about the chemicals baby would be ingesting . It will be picked up by the garbagemen this week .
 Do n't buy this toy . It smells toxic like a dead animal . I even tried to clean it with soap and water to no avail . I ca n't imagine giving this to my twin girls . I throw it in the trash where it belongs .
 If you value your child 's health , do n't buy this teether . The noxious fumes it emanates ca n't be good for anyone , let alone a child who is supposed to be putting it in their mouth ! Please stop selling this product amazon , it is that bad ! It should n't even have one star ...
 We received this one as a gift . Our daughter loved it but I was leery b/c of the bad plastic smell it had . It is n't listed as bpa-free so I decided it was n't worth keeping and opted for safer options .
 My babies did n't really like this toy much , the dog showed more interest , it does make a clicking sound , but it takes a much older child to get it to work2 or so years old . They do n't really use it as a teether , so it sits , just an FYI froma mom that trys everything lol !
 My nine-month-old is not interested in this toy . I think it is because it smells like plastic . It must taste like plastic to him too . Who wants the taste of plastic in their mouth ?!! Also it is a bit heavy . If he is lying down while playing with it and he drops it , it falls on his face . Ouch ! He only tried that once . I 'm disappointed because I thought he would like the shape and be able to reach his back gums with it . Also , it CAN NOT be immersed in water to clean . You 'll get water inside if you do . Think
 This product literally stunk . I do n't know what else they stored in that warehouse but it had a very chemical smell . Once I was able to get the smell out -LRB- took a while -RRB- my son loves this toy .
 more of a toy than a teether and it does have a horrible smell that we cant cure ... Ive hand and dishwashered it more than 20 times !
 Just like another reviewer commented , this teether smelled so bad like chemicals I threw it away . Terrible !!! It honestly scared me . Do n't buy !!!!!
 this toy smells aweful ! i cleaned it couple times , but the smell still stays , in fact - every time i clean it with water -LRB- with a little soap or without -RRB- it smell worse . finally i just decided to wash it under water really well , thinking it might help - nope , the smell is still there.my son loves the noise it makes when you swist it though , so that 's the only way we use it .
 My 9-month daughter loved a friend 's teether that looked similar to this . I bought it in a store , but it turns out that she ca n't get the teether nubs to her back teeth . The ball is too hard . We were at a BBQ and everyone was laughing at how disinterested she was in this toy . I should have waited and looked on Amazon for the same one . Now I 'm buying the second teether . This was a waste .
 We got this from Target and it looked great . When we gave it to our daughter she immediately got excited and put it in her mouth . Unfortunately she then immediately started spitting and had this horrible look on her face . We tried a few more times and each time she wanted to chew on it but quickly spat it back out . My wife then noticed an awful chemical smell coming from this . We tried washing it repeatedly and still that smell . I tried biting it myself as well and the taste was unbearable . No wonder my child wo n't put it in her mouth , and she chews on everything . I 'm not sure how to clean this so it does n't taste so bad so it looks like it 's headed to the trash soon .
 Bought this because it looked like it would be a good teething toy ; well , never got to use it . It smelled so heavily of plastic that we washed it , aired it out for a month and the smell still would n't go away . It 's been about 4 months and the smell is still there . Our kid wo n't even touch it .
 Fantastic design . Unfortunately , it smells like old , old cigarettes or something like that . I ca n't imagine a baby tolerating the smell for long . I 'm going to scrub it with lemon and hot water and see if it fades . Not very reassuring , though .
 As soon as I took this out of the box , it stunk of chemicals . It did n't go away after washing it either . Also , in my opinion , it appears to be too hard . It has no give when baby bites down on it . She actually got angry when I gave it to her . Excuuuuuse me ! ;-RRB- I returned it due to the stinky chemical smell .
 The teether came in a timely manner . But it was n't an effective teether as I thought it would be . My 10-month old son would hold it and turn it in his hands for a few minutes , but would never use it as a teether . Oh well , it is an itneresting toy , but it was n't an effective teether as I thought it could be .
 I love how this thing looks-nice bright colors . I like the weight of it and the and different textures on the nubs . Also the soft clicking noise it makes when twisted is cool . 2 problems though - IT SMELLS TERRIBLE . Also there is a little bit of dried on glue outside the center rings where the 2 colors meet . I was n't too keen on letting my little one suck on dried glue from China . The smell kept him from ever interacting with it anyway .
 This is labeled as `` non-toxic '' , but it sure smells toxic to me . I 'm not risking giving this to my baby .
 I bought this without reading much about it . Learned my lesson . It smells toxic to say the least . I would n't even let my dog chew on it.I threw it away
 This teether smelled HORRIBLE when it arrived . A combination of new plastic and something else I ca n't identify . I had to wash it several times before giving it to my niece . She loved it once she got it , but wow . That SMELL !
 One reviewer already said it a few months ago in August and I 'll say it too now in November.This toy SMELLS BAD . Like REALLY BAD . Plastic naseau bad . Even after multiple washes . I even tried biting the toy myself and it tasted and smelled horrible . I felt a little like gagging . I was wondering why my baby never plays with it.Don ' t buy it .
 Just ca n't figure out why you would let me pick the pink/yellow toy and then feel free to change it to blue/green . Come on !!! We have four older grandsons and finally have a granddaughter . Of course , I would order the pink toy !!!!!?????
 I purchased this toy because it had a really unique design and I thought my 9 month-old teether could really get the nubs in her mouth . But , today , I inadvertantly tasted this toy . It tasted plastic even after being out of the package for over a month . Who would want to knaw -LRB- or who would let their kid knaw -RRB- on something that tastes like this . Not me . Totally disappointed .
 It smells nothing like rosemary . It smells like the strongest medicine that you can buy . I have no idea what you would use it for !
 These sheets are horrible ! The `` blend of cotton & polyester '' is 75 % polyester and 25 % cotton . They feel like nylon mesh ! I would n't make my toddler sleep on these . I returned the set I purchased .
 This is such a cute design , but when I got the actual set , I was disappointed with the quality of the sheets ... they did say they were a poly/cotton blend , but they are not that soft . It got better once we washed the sheet , but had I known , I would not have ordered this set since my kid likes soft material .
 These stickers are really cute and make a little girl feel like the true princess that they really are , so we decorated my daughters bathroom with the stickers . They looked so cute when we had finished . To my dismay , the next morning when we went into her bathroom they were peeling or coming down . She was so sad and so was I . They cost over $ 20 so they are definitely not worth that . They may better attach to a notebook or something but the name of them are Self-Stick Wall Decorating Kit , so you do the math . I am very disappointed in them and I feel like the name is misleading .
 Followed all instructions
 I first purchased this stroller because it is light . After using it for 6 months I find that it is in fact dangerous . I was taking the car seat out of the stroller when the support bars which hold the seat in place fell to the ground . The screws had come out and keeps coming out . I found that the basket is useless . When the car seat is in place , there is hardly enough space to access the basket . The parent 's tray keeps coming off and I often find parts that had come off in the trunk of my car . I 'm purchasing another stroller because the one I purchased is dangerous .
 BEWARE
 I ordered this product through Target.com and this is the review I posted on their site.This item IS NOT what is listed in the description . There is no canopy or elastic storage pocket . And the statement `` Includes entertainment center with MP3 input , sturdy travel bag and roll-down wind/sun/privacy screen on side panel '' is entirely false . NONE of these are a feature on this play yard . There is a mobile with a music & light feature , but it 's far from an `` entertainment center with MP3 input . '' And the privacy screen is non-existent . I spoke with the customer service department and was told that `` this type of thing happens ALL the time '' and that he would forward a notice about the incorrect description . I was also issued a credit for the shipping charges , as I will be returning this item locally and purchasing something else.On the other hand , this is a fairly decent play yard . The colors are very modern and attractive and it seems very sturdy and durable . The play yard itself sets up and breaks down quickly and easily . And the shipping was outstanding ! I placed my order over the weekend and it arrived the following Wednesday . I would consider keeping it if I all I needed was the play yard unit and none of the accessories . My reasons for not keeping this item are as follows :1 -RRB- The changing table , bassinet and mobile are all connected as one piece . So you ca n't use one without the other , like when your child outgrows the bassinet . The changing table can not be used without the bassinet and the mobile can not be moved to another position .2 -RRB- The bassinet/changing table must be completely unassembled to to travel , into about a dozen pieces . Hardly portable or convenient .3 -RRB- The changing surface is only rated for a child up to 18 lbs . & 25 inches . My 4 month old will outgrow this in a month or two .4 -RRB- The bassinet/changing table is a pain to assemble . I was unable to do it alone . And it does n't seem very secure to me . The bars do not lock into place when linked together with the corner pieces . A fairly active infant -LRB- which I have -RRB- could wiggle this thing apart in no time . A BIG safety hazard.If you are looking for JUST a play yard , this one is great . The rest of the features are just not up to par with my standards when it comes to baby gear .
 given what we paid for this I was really upset . The mesh on one whole side ripped out . There was no reason for this to happen . It was not abused . Or misused . It was used ONLY when we where on vacation at my Dad 's . My 19mo son slept in it for nap and bedtime.I would not suggest this to anyone .
 this works okay about half the time , for me anyway . I use disposable bottles which this is supposed to be compatable with . It seems that the bottles are usually not warm enough or hot enough to really scald someone . I do n't recommend this . I usually just warm water in a cup and warm the bottles that way . I feel bad that someone spent money on this for us .
 We bought this bottle warmer two weeks ago because our little one recently switched to formula and we thought maybe we would keep this in his room to make night time feedings easier . We 've tried it several different times during the day and every time the bottle come out scalding hot and we have to soak them in cold water to make them drinkable for our little boy ! I guess we 'll just go back to heating his bottles in hot water in the sink ! Way more trouble than it 's worth !
 This bottle warmer is OK . It is difficult to figure out how much water to use to get the correct temperature if you are heating less than 4 ounces . Also , it does get that gross brown stuff on the inside and all over the base - which is hard to clean up . My husband is still battling with it - I am staring to use a cup of hot water more often now . But , for the price I guess it 's not a bad deal . It should be better when we routinely need to heat more .
 So far , I am not too impressed with this warmer . Using the exact amount of water suggested with the level , I find that the Avent 4-oz bottle of breast milk is still COLD . However , scalding water drips off the bottle as I pull it out of the warmer -LRB- be careful not to burn yourself ! -RRB- . I plan on trying different amounts of water to see if I can get the right ratio - but for something that is supposed to be a help , it is just creating more work for me ... thankfully , Peanut does n't mind his milk a little on the cold side .
 Unlike other reviewers , we could never get the bottles warm even when we used the maximum amount of water . The milk was still cold and we had to run the bottles under hot water . I returned this piece of junk and bought the First Years brand warmer which works like a charm . Best advice
 The warmer made such a loud beep when it completed its task that it woke our baby up . So much so that we ended up staying near it to shut it off before it went beeping ! Had to also physically pull out the power cord after each use as it had no auto shut off . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this and used it to warm my sons bottles when he was one day old and it burned the back of his throat !!! He had to stay in the hospital for 6 days in the NICU because they thought he had a viral infection when they realized that it was a burn from the bottle warmer DO NOT USE !!!!! I thought it might have been my product but I was so glad to see that others reported it got too hot !!!
 I 'm currently in the process of adopting my son , and I bought this to take to Guatemala with me when I visited . It never worked - it did n't matter how much water I put in the chamber , it would never cycle on more more than 30 seconds . I then had to wait approximately 5 minutes for it to cool back down before using it for another 30 second cycle . I ended up filling the ice bucket with hot water , and letting the bottle sit in that to warm up.Needless to say , it 's been sent back . I think I 'll just use the microwave when the baby gets home - it 's got to be easier and quicker than this thing .
 I bought this bottle warmer to use for my in-home daycare . I liked the fact that it would fit any size bottle . I tried using it for a few weeks and finally ended up puting it with my rummage sale items . First off it 's totally inconvenient to use if you do n't have it set up by a water source as you have to put water in it every time you use it . Next , it makes the bottle burning hot almost every time and causes condensation on some bottles , such as the playtex vent-air and disposable bottles ; so when you take the bottle out of the warmer they drip scalding hot water from the bottom of the bottles . Last , I experienced whether you use distilled or tap water in the warmer after a few times it burns the minerals in the water causing a disgusting brown film around the inside bottom of the warmer and emits a nasty burning smell while it is warming the bottles . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS BABY ITEM , IT 'S DEFINETLY NOT A MUST HAVE .
 We have been using the bottle warmer and have found that it works best for regular botles , not ones with the bottle liners . The milk gets too hot with a four ounce bottle . It is fine for warming 8 ounce bottles . We 've used plastic bootles as well as the little glass distilled water bottles and they seem to heat okay . I always stand right by the warmer and usually take it out before the timer goes off .
 We bought this about 6 weeks ago , and it has already stopped beeping when the nipple is sterlised or milk is warm . Now the markings on its measuring cup is coming off.Basically , I believe Minchkin has cut corners with poor quality product . Not recommended at all ... I would prefer some other brand .
 I bought two of these . One for home , one for work -LRB- my baby comes with me -RRB- . The one at home stopped shutting off automatically after just one week of use , and the one at work gets the bottles SO hot , even though I follow the directions to the letter , and it literally boiled the formula . Between not turning itself off , and boiling things , there is no way i want one in my house . I am returning them both .
 I finally broke down and opened this shower gift after my in-laws kept complaining that I was serving the milk to cold . Either the bottle is still too cold , or I have had several bottles where it has heated them so that the milk burned my hand . I am glad I did not believe the product information about no hot spots and tested the bottles first ! I only wish I had saved the packaging and got my money back . Save your money , a cup of hot water works fine and my daughter does not mind if it is slightly cold .
 We bought this on a Saturday ... we used it for the first time on Sunday morning . We only used it , maybe 2-3 times per day . We unplugged it after each use . Went to warm up a bottle on Wednesday evening and the switch glows red permanently now , which means it does not beep or turn off . We have n't touched it since then ... it technically still works , but not properly . I 'm ticked , because we did n't use this much at all and were very careful with it , yet it still died out on us.My daughter prefers her bottles warmed , so we are going to invest in another warmer , but so far , not sure on the brand ... especially since this one was `` highly '' recommended .
 We have used Goodnites for over 2 years with an occasional leak or night time wetting issue . Our latest package is the `` new softer , brief like '' underwear style . What a disappointment ! We have had an issue every night since this package has been opened . I 'm wondering who they tested these on ! My poor little guy is devastated and we are frustrated as we have to get up and change sheets each night ... and do the washing all the next day . I ca n't express my frustration since we had tried other competitor 's brands and this was the only one that seemed to work . I will be contacting the company and hope you do the same if you find the same problems we are .
 I bought a small package of these to give them a try . There were lots of great reviews on Amazon so I was hoping that Huggies ' claim for these seeming more like real underwear was true . Unfortunately , I was greatly disappointed when I opened the package . They feel just like my young daughter 's Pull-Ups . My almost 8 year old son sleeps soundly and often wets the bed . We 've been trying different things for him but one thing he does not want is anything diaper-like . I 'm afraid if I show these to him , it will really be a hard thing for his self-esteem -LRB- as we all know , this is hard on kids -RRB- . I 'm going to have to look for the GoodNites Boxers ... they disguised the ` diaper ' part of these better and my son was more open to wearing them .
 The goodnites leak . The first night when my three year old child used the goodnites he woke up in the morning with sheets and pajamas soaked . I would not buy them again and I would not recommend them . It might depend on the age of the child . It would have been helpful if the description would have mentioned for ages 4 to 8 .
 Our 4 1/2 year old is outgrowing the other brand 's 3T-4T and they do n't make 4T-5T or I 'd be buying them . We tried these and wish we could get a refund . Never had leaks with the competitors , but we 've had 3 blow-outs in 3 nights with these . I 'm ready to try cloth and deal with the laundry . It ca n't be worse than washing sheets & pj 's every single day . I 'd rate these zero stars if could .
 I have a 4 1/2 year old boy who is 46 pounds . He is just a tad bit too big for size 6 diapers , so we have been using night time `` pull ups . '' We have purchased the GoodNites brand twice . When we have used these , they leak almost every night . So , I am still having to change his sheets constantly . The Pampers brand , UnderJams have been the ones we love . They have never leaked . We will be sticking with those !
 Flat out this item does n't really work . It really does n't prevent leakage when there 's the occiasional acccident at night . It does hold quite a bit of fluid but not enough to prevent clean up after the fact .
 My son is 4.5 and has yet to wake up dry from night time . We have been having trouble finding a product that keeps his bedding dry . We had been using regular pull-ups , and night time pull-ups , but they were leaking through to his sheets every night/morning . So , I thought we could try these since they are for older boys.We bought the smallest size , though the packaging says for 38 lbs , and my son is only 34 lbs . I did n't think it would make that big of a difference . Apparently , it does . He leaked out of these worse than he did with the regular pull-up . It was like he did n't even wear ANYTHING to bed . It soaked through his bedding , and his mattress protector , down to his mattress.I 'll be contacting Huggies today to see if they have any advice for us on what to do . I may change the rating after I speak with them , since my experience with their customer service in the past has always been stellar .
 I actually love the Huggies Goodnites Underpants which are advertised here , but that is not what Amazon ships out . I made two separate purchases and received the Goodnites UnderWEAR which is a different product . The Underpants are much more absorbent . Look at the `` zoom in '' photo and it shows the Underwear , but the first picture is for the Underpants . Poor advertising and I wasted my time . . had to pay to ship them back but eventually got refunded .
 Im not sure if this price is a joke or not but for almost 50 dollars this sellers trying to rip you off something that cost around 17 dollars with tax at any local supermarket slash walmart so please do some research if you are thinking bout getting these crazy crooks rich !
 Poor instructions & no picturesSometimes when I put something together if there is poor instructions the illustrations can insure that things are done as intended.There was not proper instructions or illustrations to do so .
 This is a metal frame with fabric draped over it and tightened . The stitching is not perfect , it is actually pretty flawed , but it will work -LRB- unless you pull a string , then the seam splits -RRB- . The sizing listed online is for the base , but these boxes are actually trapezoids that are wider at the top than bottom so if your measurement is close - beware it may not fit . There is a piece of cardboard covered in fabric in the bottom - do n't get it wet ! Spot treat with water and hand soap to clean other areas .
 What I love
 The red sheet bled very bad in the wash and came out a thin light red color . The original sheet before washing was a dark red thick sheet set . Would not get again and not using on bed since sheet is so thin now .
 I got this as a gift and thought it was great , until I read the ingredients . This product contains parabens , which has hormone mimicking properties and definitely not recommended in baby products . There are lots of baby safe products , so I would suggest reading the labels before buying a product .
 What was pictured when I bought this dude diaper bag was NOT what came in the mail . I had to return it .
 This is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . To enough room for diapers etc. .
 I was so excited about this product ; but when I got it I was deeply dissatisfied . The box was damaged . It was bent inward at the lid on one side and around the drawers opening it was ripped on both sides . I will be returning this product for a replacement . I do think that the box is really cute . However if I receive another damaged box then I will never buy another thing from this website .
 I purchased this product as I have had twin girls.They were preemies and only weighed 4 lbs.At first it seemed great , quick and easy but after only 5 months -LRB- 3months birthweight for preemies -RRB- the handle bars started to bend from the weight of my small babies . It became so bad that the metal started to snap . I called and complained to the company and they refunded my money and told me I needed to lift the end up any slight kerb -LRB- do n't know how they think you can do that when you 're by yourself -RRB- . I have seen other peoples whose are doing the exact same thing . They have a great idea for us twin moms but they need to reinforce the metal ... if you did n't realize the metal was bending it could be quite dangerous if it snapped .
 I recently bought the double snap n go , intending to use Graco Snugride Car Seats wtih it . I have n't bought the car seats yet , but I brought the Snap N Go to Babies R Us to try them out . The front seat `` locked in '' fairly securely , but the rear one would not lock in . I called Baby Trend customer service , and the response was that only the Baby Trend car seats are designed to lock in . That makes no sense to me - why would they say that Graco car seats fit in if they do n't ?? I 've read many reviews from people , and some people talked about the same problem , some people say they fixed the problem , and some people say their Gracos fit great ! Please respond if you can shed any light onto this matter .
 I had the single Snap N ' Go for my singleton and found it very useful . When I found out I was having twins , I was happy to find there was a double version available . However , it has not worked out as well as I expected . One of the seats pitches forward -LRB- I use it with Graco Snug fit car seats -RRB- , so one of the girls is always uncomfortable . It is so long that it is difficult to steer , and barely fits in the back of my minivan -LRB- '04 Nissan Quest -RRB- . I have yet to get it to close completely . It is also very heavy . I spend too much time wrestling with this thing . Regret the purchase , wish I would have gone with a travel system .
 I thought this was the cutest thing for my first baby 's book . Even bought the matching photo album . But now that I am finished with it , and looking through it , the book does n't open all the way because of the ribbon binding.If I could do it over again I would not buy the same thing !!
 I wanted to buy this for my daughter . I wanted to combine a traditional record book with fill-ins with my new scrapbooking hobby . The outside is precious , but once you open it , the pages are like a black and white newspaper material , and they have no structure what so ever . The pages are boring and do n't look very durable .
 This book is very nice and all but there is only one page each for the 1st . 2nd , and 3rd birthday and there are no lines to right on in the book only on some pages . So this book wasnt worth what i payed for it .
 This works fine but can not be washed due to the bottom made of cardboard . Also if you put too many diapers , it does not close well .
 -LRB- Teal -RRB- I stacked this item with diapers for the first time and the tie broke from the weight . Very cheaply made and would not recommend to anyone . Pay a little more and get a little more . However , Amazon was extremely awesome when I wanted to return and credited me right away .
 Trend lab does not make a diaper stacker as pictured here . What you get is the large one with the string ties . When I called about a return , Trend Lab they said this picture is a wearable blanket , not the diaper stacker they make . They said they do n't even make one with a hanger , only ties .
 I was excited about this blanket since it would be a relaxing way to measure the baby . I was right in that regard and the blanket itself is a nice combination of fabrics and a heavy weight BUT it does n't measure accurately . And by not accurately I mean that what the blanket measures 25 '' that is actually 23 '' . I mean come on . They could have at least tried to make the measurements close to real .
 I bought this mobile , and we assembly all the parts with the batteries and it does n't work . Also we read all the instructions , and we wrote an email to fisher price costumer service . Bad product , we do n't recommended .
 Well , we loved it at first , but then it broke after only using it for 2 weeks . The music still plays but the mobile does n't turn anymore .
 I gave this product one-star mostly to get your attention . This product is wonderful , but only if you modify it by taking out the large flapping leaves.Our first Rainforest Mobile lasted about 3 months before it stopped spinning/flapping . The songs still played , so I knew the batteries were okay -LRB- even replaced the batteries and the status remained the same -RRB- . I called Fisher Price and had it replaced by the warranty . Fisher Price customer service was very kind and helpful , and I received the replacement within the 6-8 weeks they said it would take.However , upon receiving the new mobile , I installed it with flapping leaves in place , and noticed that after only a few weeks the flapping leaves were slowing down , and mobile seemed to be struggling.I took out the flapping leaves , and left the smaller leaves with bird/monkey/frog intact and the mobile now runs with no problems . We 've had the newer mobile for 13 months , and have not needed to replace the batteries or call for help in all this time . We use it daily to put our 18-month old boy to sleep at night.We do recommend this mobile , but only if used without the large flapping leaves that drain the motor .
 This mobile is way too heavy and big for myBabyletto Modo 3 in 1 Crib with Toddler Rail , Two Tone , which is by no means a flimsy crib . The whole thing feels top-heavy and leans towards the inside of the crib when installed . The clearance between the bottom of the mobile base and my 6.5 '' mattress is also less than the 7 '' minimum required according to product instructions . On top of that , the music is way too soft even on the highest setting . Therefore , the mobile is going back .
 This looks like a very nice product , but the bracket to attach it to the crib did n't fit on our crib . Its small and leaves only a narrow space for the railing it sits on . If you have a convertible crib with a thick top railing this probably wo n't work for you . Instead we got the Fisher Price Precious Planet mobile with the projection , which attaches with straps and is more flexible to the size of your crib .
 This mobile is absolute junk ! From day one the thing would stop spinning at times unless you tapped it to start again . Now after two weeks the only thing it 's good for is playing the music . It does n't spin at all now . Very frustrating when your 3 month old is captured by it as she falls asleep and then it quits working . So disappointed !
 The leaves appear to be too heavy for the mobile motor . Have all ready returned the product once , for a replacement in kind , as our baby really seemed to enjoy it and we hoped it was just a fluke . But it happened again . Mobile will work properly and rotate for period of time -LRB- first one worked for about 2 weeks , second lasted 2 months - moderate use at bedtime -RRB- but then the motor bogs down . Once the leaves are in the down position and the motor starts to fail , the leaves will not return to upward position and the figures do not spin . If you take the leaves off of the mobile the figures begin to spin again but we purchased this item for its entirety , not just portions of it . Love the idea behind this item , just wish it could hold up to moderate/average use . Read other reviews about the same problem before purchasing the mobile , now I wish I listened to them in the first place ... I do n't hate the mobile but I sure do n't like it b/c of the two negative experiences .
 I ca n't use the rotate setting because it makes a loud , continuous clicking noise . The reason I bought it was because it moved so I regret this purchase . It happened the 2nd time I used it , so it 's not like it worked for a while & then broke .
 I have a standard convertible crib . This item does not even come CLOSE to fitting it . There is NO warnings until you are already in the box and putting it together . I plan on returning it , not happy .
 We read the reviews for this product and noticed that some people had listed mechanical problems as one of the primary risks for this product . We ordered it anyway thinking that many of the reviews did not encounter the problem and that we may therefore be okay . I can assure you that this problem occurred rather quickly with casual use on our part . We play it for our 4mo old son before he goes to bed on most nights , but certainly not all.This problem having shown up so quickly with casual use on our part make me suspect that the quality is inferior for the drive mechanism . The music and speaker portion still work.Overall , the quality of this product is obviously lacking and you should be aware that you are taking a reasonable sized risk when purchasing this product that the drive mechanism will stop working . You have been warned .
 I purchased this product after comparing it to the mobiles that project onto the wall . I was super excited to get it in the mail but after I put it together and purchased the batteries for this thing , it did n't work right . Only the leaves would move and they did that very poorly . The lights and sound did n't work at all . Also , this mobile is RIDICULOUSLY LOW . Once your baby can reach up , that things is coming down !! What a piece of crap . I 'm just sending it back for a refund because I do n't have the time to wait and mess with the replacement mobile that Amazon will send.Word of advice . Do n't buy this mobile , just keep looking !
 We bought this even after reading the reviews here on Amazon . I sure wish i would have listened to the reviews instead of wasting my time and money . Like the other reviews stated , the music is very low , hard to hear unless you have a completly silent house -LRB- and who does -RRB- , the light is very dim , to dim to even see the mobile in a dark room in the middle of the night , so what enjoyment does the baby get if they ca n't even see it . And the remote does n't even work very well , in the middle of the night you have to activate the mobile manually first before the remote will work , doesnt that defeat the purpose of having the remote in the middle of the night . I will be returning it and getting something different .
 This mobile did n't even last two weeks . It stopped turning around when the motor stopped working . When I called Fisher Price they were not helpful at all . They wanted me to pay to return it to them and then wait 6 to 8 weeks for the replacement to show up in the mail . I fought them about it an they agreed to pay for the shipping . Now I have to wait 6 to 8 weeks for the replacement and hope that one works . By then my son missed out on so much time he could have been enjoying it . He loved it for the two weeks it worked and then I had to take it away from him to get it replaced . It 's so upsetting . Reading reviews for all the mobiles I find that the motors seem to brake on all of them . I bought my son a toy aquarium from Disney 's Baby Einstein that lights up , plays music and ocean sounds and has movement as a replacement for the mobile . He really likes that . I would recommend buying something like that and not spend the money on a mobile with a motor . A stationary colorful mobile that gives a baby something to look at above there head would be nice also . It would be cheaper than buying one with a motor and you do n't have to deal with the motor braking .
 this mobile mesmerized my son . . until the motor broke and it stopped working after a month ... I 'd pick a more expensive model if you want one that works well , i would however recommend the rainforest soother !
 My daughter was 4 months and she found the bug eyed creatures frightening so I put it away hoping she 'd grow into it but again at 7 months , she still gets worked up over it . Why cant they make the animals smile vs. have bugged out eyes !
 cute looking but doesnt fit on our crib . nowhere did i see on website that it may not be compatible with all cribs . our crib is also brand new . the top bar of the crib where the mobile should be mounted is either to thick -LRB- the lengthwise bars -RRB- or graded -LRB- the widthwise bar -RRB- . the box did say it may not fit all cribs but how was i to know until i tried to install it .
 Our daughter loves the mobile , she laughs every time the peek-a-boo leaves open to reveal the animals . Unfortunately both mobiles that we have bought have failed , none of the music buttons will work except the forest sounds . The sound is also very soft .
 This mobile looked and sounded -LRB- from the description -RRB- like a great mobile . Our son loves to watch things move and loves animals . Unfortunately the music was SO soft even on the loudest setting and the mobile itself was SOOOO slow that it would not keep his attention at all . Looks like a great mobile but just did n't live up to its description . Also , if you have a crib that does not have straight sides -LRB- e.g. there are some curves -RRB- the mobile attaches to it but it 's very temperamental when it comes to the movement - you have to move the mobile to try to get it to work . Not the best unfortunately .
 After using for just one month , the rotating part stopped working . Just the music box alone is working . Called the service center people but was not helpful . Waste of money .
 I ordered one mobile and it had a defective motor . I then returned it and ordered a second one of the same thing and the second one was worse than the firstI always like Fisher Price . I understand this one has been replaced by something similar so they must have had a lot of the same problems .
 Length :
 I was very disappointed when I went to attach this mobile to my crib and it does n't fit ! The attachment is meant for small railings , so if your crib has a lot of wood trim , do not buy this ! I 'm sad because it 's really cute otherwise .
 Like many other reviewers , our mobile had issues with spinning after a few weeks . The music played and the light worked , but when the parrot got to a certain point in the rotation it slowed down to a snail 's pace for about a third of the rotation . I called Fisher Price and they were willing to replace the defective part . However , they wanted me to ship it to them before they would send out a new part , which they said would take 5-7 weeks -LRB- which was way too long to go without one for our then 3 month old -RRB- . So I had to pay for a new mobile and wait to get a credit for the defective one . Almost immediately the new one also had issues and one of the leaves stopped flapping . This was a fairly minor issue but still frustrating .
 We ordered this one because our son loves the swing . We just put it together and the sound and light do not work
 Kinda disappointed and thought this can be used for my daughters Graco Crib . Turns out that this device can be used for a wooden crib . So , beware .
 I received this product today . It was a bit tedious to assemble -LRB- took me about 20 minutes -RRB- and is too heavy for the location I had originally hoped to put it in . I was unable to attach it to the back rail on my crib and had to instead put it on a lower side rail , which is fine until my infant gets to be a little more mobile , and then I will either have to lower the mattress to keep it out of his reach or remove it.I would have packed it up and returned it all together , but when I put the baby in the crib to `` show it to him '' , he cooed , watched the animals , and fell right asleep . Since it was such a pain to put together I will probably keep it and just sell it when he gets too big for it to work .
 We purchased this mobile after seeing all the rave reviews on Amazon . Unfortunately , I guess we 're in the minority . When the mobile arrived the music worked but the motor did not . We had to take it apart and fix it before we could get it to turn . Then , one of the leaves would n't work correctly -LRB- it stayed stuck in the up position unless you manually tapped on it -RRB- . I also agree with other reviews about the music being a little too quiet . It 's too bad because our daughter did seem to enjoy watching it turn . Anyway , this was a return item for us .
 This mobile is adorable , colorful and engaging . Unfortunately , it did not fit our `` Emily '' crib so had to return . Major bummer , it 's the only mobile we really liked .
 do n't know why these new things can get so many scratches . I replaced this once , but the situation is not much better . I do not plan to replace or return again , but just let others know
 Day 1
 We are sooo disappointed and upset . As a child , I grew up with Fisher Price . In fact , as an artist , I have even incorporated the classical toys in my Motel Series paintings ; however , their quality has gone to the toilet . : -LRB- We purchased this mobil for our baby as she has had sever acid reflux and we were hoping it would help soothe her . It DID ! She LOVED to watch the animals go round and round in the little increments of time that allowed her to be at her 30 degree recline ... This all lasted less than a MONTH ! :-LRB- : -LRB- Not only are we angry about the consumer `` rip off '' we are also VERY angry about the WASTE that will go to the landfills . SHAME ON FISHER PRICE for making such a crappy , throw away product .
 This product was a dissapointment . The motor worked for about 15 minutes , then died . The sounds worked fine , but FisherPrice really dropped the ball and used the cheapest , weakest motor they possibly could . This was a big waste of time and money on all sides of the Amazon equation . I will hesitate before ever buying a FisherPrice item again .
 My 6 week old likes this mobile . I like the rain forest sounds and adjustable volume -LRB- although it only has 2 levels -RRB- , the remote is convenient , the animals are cute -LRB- parrot , tree frog , monkey , and dragonfly -RRB- . It was relatively easy to install -LRB- you will need a small screwdriver to open the battery compartments on the mobile and the remote -RRB- . It does NOT come with batteries -LRB- needs 3 D batteries for the mobile and 2 AA for the remote -RRB- . Unfortunately , it makes squeaking noises as it rotates and sometimes when I switch it on it will not start rotating , I have to push/pull on the leaves to make it start . If it were n't for these faults I would love this product .
 I bought this product because of the high ratings but the sound or music is very low . I can hardly hear it . I am exchanging it for a different one .
 I tend to think negative reviewers come from negative people , but this product really is shoddy . It looks great and operated beautifully for 3 weeks before the motor stopped working -LRB- i.e. the leaves stopped rotating and opening/closing ; the music and light still work though -RRB- . I threw out two sets of batteries assuming that was the problem.Choose a different mobile because chances are you wo n't have time to deal with the warranty or get a replacement mobile once your baby arrives ... I wish I had heeded that advice from other reviewers .
 I love Amazon and Amazon service . I have only great things to say about Amazon ! Not so great about this product though.Our first mobile worked and our baby loved it . It really helped to transition her to her crib . About four weeks after we got it , it stopped working . The mobile would not rotate . The music still played and the light worked but not the mobile . The mobile is the most interesting part for little ones . We exchanged it through Amazon -LRB- I got a replacement the next day -RRB- and it worked for a while ... about 7 weeks and then it stopped rotating the same way the first one did . It 's out of stock on Amazon so we are receiving a refund instead of an exchange . I am starting to think most of what Fisher Price makes is cheap junk . They wo n't confirm what their products are made out of and everything seems to come from China . I 'll be looking for a better quality crib toy for my little sweetie . I am just happy I got it on Amazon because if I had gotten it at a local toy store or other big box store , I probably would 've lost the receipt by now and would n't be able to return it .
 I just bought this mobile for my 2 month old daughter who loves to watch any kind of toys , but she really gets excited when they are toys that move . She also loves music and is attracted to lights as well . We have a stationary mobile that spins when you wind it up that matches her crib set , but she liked the movement so much I got tired of winding it up every 3 minutes . -LRB- She cries when it stops ! -RRB- I researched alot of reviews on mobiles , and decided to give this one a shot giving that most of the reviews were good , and the other rainforest collection has a pretty good track record of good reviews.Man am I disappointed . I got the mobile yesterday , gave it fresh batteries , put it on the crib , got the baby , turned it on ... the baby barely noticed it was there !!! The music is super quiet . It 's honestly so quiet that if the baby cries or someone is talking in the same room , you ca n't hear it at all . The light is VERY dim , not bright enough to catch my little one 's attention . Lastly , but not at all least , the mobile moves slower than an ox ! It 's honestly ridiculous . The wind up mobile moves quicker when wound ! I read the bad reviews and I thought I could live with quiet music and dim lights , but as long as the mobile worked well my little one would be fascinated . But no , it moves so slow that she gets bored within 5 seconds . The biggest problem like another one star rater mentioned is that the leaves slow it down trying to constantly rise and fall , and they catch on the animals everytime the animals pass which slows it down because it gets stuck for a few seconds . Terribly designed product in every way.Don ' t waste your money , this product is n't even worth the price to ship it to your home . This sounds harsh , but I am a real mom telling you the honest truth.I will say that I had the The First Years - Nature Sensations Dreams In Sight Mobile when my daughter was a baby , almost 4 years ago , and it is still being sold currently , and this mobile did work great for us .
 My baby enjoyed this mobile . There was a period -LRB- when he was 2-3 months old -RRB- when he would stop crying and kick excitedly whenever we placed him in his crib and turned the mobile on . But after about 3 months of not-too-heavy use , the motor started making a whirring noise , and would struggle to turn . We replaced the batteries several times -LRB- which did not fix the problem -RRB- , and decided to put up with the whirring noise and the slowness . It finally stopped turning at all after 6 months . I disassembled it , and found that it was cheap plastic construction , which relies on a thin rubber band to rotate the whole assembly . I cleaned the plasticky gunk from the belt-wheel -LRB- another plastic piece -RRB- , but shortly after being reassembled , the mobile slowed down again . It 's going in the trash .
 I was so excited to get this mobile because it was adorable in the pictures . BUT after the arduous task of putting it all together and attaching it to the crib , we turned it on and the mobile DID spin ... but slowly . After using this mobile TWICE the motor in the mobile has broken and it WILL NOT TURN OR SPIN . I am OUTRAGED . The music works fine but it wo n't spin ! What is the point of having a mobile that does n't spin ?!
 I read the reviews about this product having defects and not working appropriately after a short time . I thought maybe it was only a select few and would give it a try . When we received it and set it up on the first day I was so impressed . It is gorgeous , soothing , and visually stimulating . My 3 month old son LOVED it ! Everything about this mobile was awesome . Music , sounds , movement , etc. . And then ... it stopped working the next day . We tried new batteries -LRB- again -RRB- but that was n't the problem . The lights continue to play and the sound works fine , but the mobile will not spin unless you manually stimulate the leaves . Even then it will make only 1 rotation and stop . Then you have to stimulate it again . It broke my heart to have to send it back , but if I pay for a product I expect it to work properly and I do n't have the time or patience to be the mobile 's human motor : - -LRB-
 I wish there had been some way to tell before ordering , but this mobile will not fit your crib if your top rail is any bigger than about 3 and 3/4 inches tall . There is a plastic lip on the upper back side of the mobile that is supposed to rest on the top of your crib rail - no problem so far - but there is also a lower lip a few inches down . If your rail does n't fit between these two lips , you can still tighten the clamp , but the mobile wo n't lay flat against the crib , and it could easily be bumped and fall on the baby and/or scratch the crib . I have the Babyletto Mercer crib , and the top rail is just about 1/4 '' too tall for the mobile.It is too bad because it is a wonderful mobile - I loved the bright colors , adorable animals , leaf movement , and musical choices -LRB- though the rainforest one was especially quiet -RRB- . The music is not grating , static-y , or tinny sounding like so many baby products . If there were any way I could keep this , I would . Hopefully , I can find a similar one that attaches differently .
 I will be returning this mobile , unfortunately - it will not fit on the Ragazzi Etruria shaker stage crib , and I feel there might be similar issues with other convertible cribs - a definite design flaw , considering the current popularity of convertible crbs . The top railing is too high to allow the crib to be mounted , since the lip determines the placement , and the bottom of the mobile does not come down far enough to expose the hole where the clamp attaches . Wish I knew about this before I ordered - every other Fisher-Price model shows the mounting in pictures , and all the other mobiles use straps to hold it in place , not a lip plus clamp , and this mounting style was NOT apparent in any of the stock photos . Not recommended for convertible cribs .
 Fisher Price Rainforest Peek-A-Boo Leaves Musical MobileThe Product idea is good ... But the execution is bad ... Considering the price paid , I thought I was getting a good quality product ... But , the fully assembled set does not work as mentioned ... The remote did not work when the batteries were inserted . My wife had to open the remote and re-establish the connection between the Outer remote button and the internal switch on the circuit board to get it working ... Of the 3 upper leaves designed to flap up and down only 2 of them work as functioned ... The Third always get 's stuck on the `` up '' flap ... When the flap comes down , it does so with a sudden jerk and a very annoying sound , which can be scary for the baby instead of soothing.We set up this Musical Mobile with the hope that when the baby arrives everything will be ready but the musical mobile has already started giving us problems ... I selected this product considering the brand , Fisher Price ... But it turned out to be a disappointed ... I do not recommend this product to any one .
 I splurged on this mobile for my 2 month old ... and he delighted in it ! I really liked the way the objects moved for him ; it is entertaining but also peaceful . It helped train him to fall asleep for naps on his own . However , I 've had the item for not even a month and already the thing wo n't spin anymore . The music plays , but the objects wo n't turn . I am very disappointed that I wasted my money on it , especially since I 've thrown away the packaging and probably ca n't return it .
 Looks so cute and it promises so much , so for the price it sounds like an amazing deal . I wish it worked . Ours was dead out of the box . Took the time to put it together , put the batteries in and ... nothing ! Took it apart , put it back together checking each step 10 times to make sure we did n't make an error ... finally tried it again with another set of batteries . It never worked
 This is by far the WORST crib mobile I have ever had ! -LRB- As a NICU RN I have worked with many babies who had crib mobiles . -RRB- This is my 2nd mobile of this make and model . The 1st , and now the 2nd , do not work ! I followed the directions to the ` T ' ... and the music sounds as if it is dying ... and the motor worked for all of 2 seconds -LRB- with both # 1 and # 2 -RRB- ! Now on my 2nd mobile -LRB- bc I returned the 1st -RRB- ... and this mobile does not even work . . AT ALL ! Brand new batteries ... and the mobile will not function ! No music ! No motor function ! The same batteries work in the cradle swing ... I am sending this mobile back and never purchasing another product from Fisher-Price ! My daughter is 3 months old and we are on our 2nd FP cradle swing ... and 2 mobiles later ... I am D O N E with FP ! FP needs to improve on product quality ... to say the least !!!
 I was excited to receive this mobile . My ds would n't sleep in his crib , and after reading the reviews I thought - this is it , lull him to sleep with this entrancing mobile . I took it out of the package and quickly ran upstairs to attach it to the crib . Unfortunately , it only fits in one direction , and because our crib is curvy and thick - and was n't going to work . But , I was desperate - &#34; this was it &#34; I needed my ds to sleep ! So ... we crafted up a stand with 4x4 's and up went the mobile -LRB- slightly tacky but for a good cause -RRB- . At first ds did n't care for it , the light was too bright for nigh time . However , I worked it into the routine before bed . Every night we push the same button , we rock in the chair , and then I put ds in his crib to watch the mobile . Beautiful ! Then , one night we were rocking and I looked up to see the mobile frozen . The music was going , but it was n't peek-a-booing or spinning . So I quickly assumed the batteries were dying . After replacing the batteries and screwing it back together everything worked again . Until the next night , yup - frozen again . I guess the leaves are just to heavy to play peek-a-boo every night . I purchased this mobile when my son was 3 months , he was 6 months when the mobile started freezing on us .
 This was on our baby registry and we were excited to put it on our baby 's crib . We used it one time after putting the batteries in it -LRB- to see how it worked -RRB- and when we went to use it a month later with our new baby , it would not spin ! The music works , but the mobile does n't spin at all . So upset b/c it 's basically junk . : -LRB-
 Pros
 I was very excited to get this mobile and we were so disappointed when it did n't turn . The music played as advertised but I think the leaves were too heavy for the little battery powered motor . It rotated only until the part where the leaves were supposed to lift up and then it stopped . I would give this 5 stars for color and cuteness , but only 2 for music quality and 0 for the fact that it does n't work at all.Too bad .
 Mobile stopped turning after 10 minutes ! The music stilled played but the mechanism that turns the mobile would not turn . Not sure who was more disappointed baby or parents ! Had to run out and purchase another mobile . Now trying to figure out how to returnPs . This product was discontinued by Fisher-Price , I guess I know why !
 This is a great concept but it did not work for my sons car seat . I wish it was n't such an expensive mistake !
 I was so mad when I got the package . The name for it is `` travelmate cas seat '' , well ... there was NO CAR SEAT !!!!!!!!!!! It is not worth $ 78 , if it does not include a car seat !!! I was BS !!!
 i 've reviewed this product on another page but since it 's not showing up here , i figured i 'd just do another ... basically , we have two of these that we use with our britax carseats . we have the screw type attachments , which take about 5-10 minutes to attach/detach -LRB- depending on how aligned they are and whether your kids are trying to run off -RRB- . the wheels pop off at random times ... but they 're easy to pop back on . ours go on an average of two trips a year , and we * always * gate check . our kids are 1.5 and 3.5 now , and we 've replaced both handles , a retainer bar , a back plate , and an axle . this does n't even include the little pieces of plastic that chip off during every trip . the good news is that it 's easy to replace any of the broken pieces . the bad news is that they 're expensive , and shipping is also expensive . had i known what the total cost for these things might be , i am not sure i would have opted for this product . when it works , it works pretty well and it is really helpful at the airport .
 Excuse me , ... but this product is so far from being odorless . At first , it was -LRB- maybe a little less than a month -RRB- , odorless then after that , ... there was nothing to get rid of the scent . I even bought some odor discs but they did n't work either . The only convenient thing about this is that you can put whatever garbage bag you want in it and even then , the bag can hold many diapers .
 The only quality this pail lives up to is it does hold the diaper . As far as containing the smell , you might as well throw it on the floor . The `` odor Trap '' door 's tension is too great for newborn diapers and you have to push them thru manually . PLEASE do not waste your money on this one . You will end up spending more money to replace it with a better one .
 I bought this for my son 5 years ago , and it worked fine at first . Then it started falling apart . The bag is n't really easy to put in ; you have to clumsily wrap it around the blue insert that fits inside the rim , and then pray that it stays until it 's in all the way . The 2 flaps stopped working if there were ANY diapers in it at all , and then they just started falling apart . We even lost one of the springs . That is a safety issue ; a choking hazard . Then you need both hands to twist the top closed plus your feet to hold it still . Then the dome thing in the lid that holds the freshener disc -LRB- that never fully did its job of pushing the diapers down -RRB- kept falling off into the bag , and retrival was disgusting ! -LRB- It fell in the bag because the flaps never closed and I had to reach all the way down into the pail -RRB- . So one day , the dome fell off when my husband used it and it went unnoticed , and it was thrown out that day , so we could n't put anymore deodorizer discs in . I 'm lucky that my son was out of diapers at 2 1/2 ; I do n't know if I could 've taken it anymore . I got rid of it . This time , we 're getting the Diaper Champ ; MUCH better reviews and still uses regular kitchen garbage bags !
 Yet another awful Safety First product.I quit using it after 2-3 months . I tried using fabric softner sheets in it , spraying it with Lysol ... everything and it stunk to high heaven.Save your money and avoid this pail.Now I simple put poopy diapers in a plastic shopping bag , tie it up and take it outside to the big trash can . Much easier and much cleaner !
 The clerk at Babies R Us thought this was the best thing since sliced bread . Had it for a few hours . The blue device on the top was never able to push a newborn diaper down.They cheerfully gave me a refund and I purchased the diaper champ . I 've been using it for 3-weeks . No problems .
 We were very disappointed in our `` Odorless '' diaper pail . After a few weeks we noticed that it did n't contain the odor as much as we thought it would . Inside the lid there is a little disc that is supposed to help by emitting a more pleasant odor . It worked for a short time , but I quickly realized that we would need more than the 1 that was supplied in our original purchase . I tried several times to contact the 1-800 number included in the instruction sheet , but was unable to reach a customer service rep. So , I went on-line . I found Saftety 1st 's website and sent them a letter asking where I could purchase more . After more than 6 weeks and countless emails back and forth , I have yet to receive my discs . Considering that I placed an official order 4 1/2 weeks ago , I am very upset . I have decided to get rid of this diaper pail and buy something new . I suggest spending a little more and buying something from a company who 's customer service department actually services customers .
 The top will not stay shut I have only had it 4 weeks . And it isnot orderless either . I am really disappointed . I see way it is discontinued.Karen
 I got this when we were pregnant with my son , who 's now 6 mos . His room absolutely STINKS ! And we 've had several problems with this pail . 1st problem , the flaps inside that close the bag inside were ALWAYS falling apart . There 's hooks in there , like a circle with two ends on it , that fell out several times a day , so I quit replacing them . There 's stink problem # 1 . Stink problem # 2 started about a month ago . The cover pops off loudly in the middle of the night , waking me and my son . There 's a deodorizing tablet in that lid , so when it pops up , the tablet shakes around making quite a racket when you 've been sound asleep . So we quit closing the lid at night . And now , the LID DOES N'T SHUT AT ALL !! I will not reccommend this for anyone ... and we 're planning on buying something else and this one can go in the burn pile . I love many Safety 1st products , but not this one .
 We bought this pail for our first son . It was easy to use and easy to load new bags . It was also great that it just used regular kitchen trash bags . However , it did not contain the smell of diapers hardly at all . You could walk into his room and smell the diaper pail . Would recommend trying a different type .
 This probably will be the only negative review I 'm going to write regarding things we 've gotten for our new baby . This diaper pail is a waste . I change it almost daily because the thing inside that is supposed to close after you put the diaper in remains open after there are about two diapers in the thing ... this is not because the bag is n't in properly . As for ease of use , the thing with pushing the button in and pushing the flap back in order to get it to pop open ... it 's not terribly convenient with a baby in one arm and a poopy diaper in the other . The box boasts that the top -LRB- I 'm guessing the little domed thing is supposed to do this -RRB- will push the diapers down through the thing and down in the bag with the other diapers ... this should limit your contact with the diaper ... however , this is not the case , and the stinky diaper opens the thing -LRB- which is probalby already open if there 's a diaper in it . -RRB- and it 's just ... please do n't be fooled by the low price of this pail . It 's more a hassle than it 's worth to save money . Buy a diaper pail by all means ... just not the odor-less from safety 1st .
 I was NOT satisfied with this product at all . I was originally drawn to it because you did not have to buy special refill bags , however . Once I got it home I realized that the lid does not even latch shut . You can close it , but the only way to open it is to hit the top and it pops open . Sometimes if you just walk by it will pop open . NOT childproof and NOT odor free since the lid will not stay shut !
 I REGESTERED FOR THIS DAIPER PAIL . I LIKED IT AT FIRST THEN THE SPRINGS ON THE INSIDE BROKE SO WE FIXED THEM , EVERYTIME WE CHANGED THE BAG . THEN THE INSIDES FELL APART , SO WE FIXED THE INSIDE THE BEST WE COULD . THEN WE PUT STICK-UPS INSIDE TO HELP THE ODOR . FINALLY THE ODOR INSERT BROKE THE THE PAIL IS GONE . I AM ONLINE LOOKING AT NEW PAILS BEFORE I DRIVE TO THE STORE FOR OUR NEWEST BABY EXPENSE ... . HOPEFULLY IT IS NOT A WATSE OF MONEY ...
 `` Odor-less ... '' Less than leaving the dirty diapers in an open trash can , maybe . This diaper pail is awful . The flaps that are supposed to trap the odor in get pulled apart by the weight of the diapers in the trash bag after only a few diapers are in the thing . Then the smell escapes freely . Our baby has n't even started solid foods yet , and already the smell is unbearable coming from this pail . I 'm throwing this pail away and going to try the Diaper Champ . There is a Diaper Champ in our pediatrician 's office and it never smells .
 It does keep in some odors , but is definitely not `` odorless ! '' -LRB- Notice the product name is `` Odor-Less '' -RRB- . Many parents will be fooled by the name , like I was . I was looking for an inexpensive pail that would take plain trash bags , but I do not think this has saved me that much money . The first pail we bought would n't stay closed , so we had to take it back to the store . The one we have now works OK , but it is easy for my daughter to open -LRB- as well as all her little friends -RRB- , and the compartment for the deodorizing disk comes off easily as well . -LRB- I found one of her friends sucking on it ! -RRB- The disk also does a poor job of deodorizing -- we definitely need something else to replace it . As it states above , it takes an average of 18-24 diapers , and if you have a bigger child , that number falls . I have two in diapers , and this fills up in a day or so . That is very inconvenient for me -- I live in an apartment and have to traipse out to the dumpster . I usually end up smashing as many diapers as I can in to the pail , which then further compromises the design that 's supposed to keep out the smell . I think this is poorly designed anyway -- the deodorizing disk compartment and the doors the diaper falls through take up a lot of space . It 's also kind of a pain to put the bag in the way they tell you to . All in all , it 's better than using a plain garbage can , but look around for a better diaper pail , unless you ca n't afford them . By the way , I have been very disappointed with most , if not all , the products I 've bought from Safety 1st -LRB- ... -RRB-
 We liked the idea of using standard trash bags . However the spring loaded plastic ramps used to seal the bags came loose too often to bother fixing . Also , the latch that keeps the lid close has broke ... letting our 18 month old put toys in the diaper pail . It 's no longer kept it in her room .
 I originally registered for this diaper pail because it only requires regular trash bags and I thought it would be both easier and less costly than the ones which require special bags . However , I found that the round ball that is supposed to block in odors kept falling off . It actually fell off into the bag with the diapers and was thrown out one day before we knew it was missing . After that , the pail was useless as it no longer blocked odors . I also found that the lid always closed on my hands whenever I was changing the bag . Needless to say , I now have a different diaper pail .
 My husband and I picked out this diaper pail when I was pregnant with my son because friends told us to get one that uses regular garbage bags . That turned out to be the only perk of this diaper pail . The springs have been popping off since about the first month . My son is now 10 months old and recently one of the springs broke , which completely gets rid of the supposed `` odor-free '' feature -LRB- which I found was n't exactly true either -RRB- . Now that we are expecting baby # 2 I am going to have to buy another diaper pail to replace this one . My advice
 We purchased this diaper pail , like others , due to the price and the fact I could use regular bags . It worked great for us until around the solid food/step 3 foods time . Then , it went from being moderately stinky to toddler-poopy-diaper-significantly stinky . I expected some smells to emit from this item , but I can smell my son 's diapers from the stairs , and his room smells atrocious if I do n't change the bag * every * day . So much for saving money on garbage bags vs. refills . Also , purchasing refills for the `` odor neutralizing disk '' is difficult , as they are hard to find . I tried bleach , Febreez , a stick up , dryer sheet , Lysol spray , and even sprinkled carpet deodorizer in the bottom to no avail . Additionally , the mechanism that `` pinches '' the bag shut falls apart often -LRB- springs come off -RRB- , and will get stuck open once you have about 6 diapers in there due to the weight of the bag , and my toddler has figured out how to open it . -LRB- and you know the rest ... -RRB- Conclusion
 I thought it would work great , I hated the Daiper Genie and with 2 kids in diapers I need something to stop orders . This just dosent work . I have to change the bag daily to keep smells out . I wil defently be getting rid of this one and getting a diffrent one .
 Good points
 We had this diaper pail for our first child . We loved the idea of using regular garbage bags to save money . Unfortunately , there was nothing odor-less about this diaper pail . With our new baby , we will spend the extra money to get a better quality , truly odorless pail , even if it means we have to buy special bags .
 My husband and I bought this because , as new parents , we wanted to save money on baby equipment . As many of the other reviews have stated , the low price and the fact that you can use regular trash bags in this is a big draw . Please , do not get sucked into getting this pail . In fact , if you really want to save money , do n't get a diaper pail at all . Manufacturers of baby products make you think you need diaper pails , just as they make you think you need changing tables and diaper wipe warmers ! Use a plain plastic grocery bag , hang it on the door knob to your baby 's room , and put diapers in it . When it gets full -LRB- or too stinky ! -RRB- , simply take it to the big garbage can outside . This diaper pail made my son 's room smell horrible . As soon as I went to go upstairs , I could smell the stink coming from his room . I sprayed the pail with Lysol almost every day and washed it in hot , soapy water weekly , and it still did n't help . Save your money !!
 I 've had the same problems with this diaper pail . The springs constantly pop off , the lid opens too easily , and once my daughter started solid foods the smell was unbearable . The whole upstairs smelled like diapers . It seems like such a savings because it 's less expensive than other diaper pails and you can use regular trash bags , but when you consider that you will have to buy a whole new system it 's a waste of money !
 Within a month of using this pail , the lid kept popping open . The reason that I purchased this pail was that I liked the idea of not having to buy refills and could use regular kitchen bags . Now that my son is eating solids the stinch coming from this diaper pail is terrible ! I decided yesterday that I was tossing this pail and going with the ` Diaper Genie ' , which I have heard mixed reviews on but anything beats this pail . I realize that all diaper pails are going to smell a little -- look what goes in them ! However , this pail should be taken off the market .
 Within a month of using this pail , the lid kept popping open . The reason that I purchased this pail was that I liked the idea of not having to buy refills and could use regular kitchen bags . Now that my son is eating solids the stinch coming from this diaper pail is terrible ! I decided yesterday that I was tossing this pail and going with the ` Diaper Genie ' , which I have heard mixed reviews on but anything beats this pail . I realize that all diaper pails are going to smell a little -- look what goes in them ! However , this pail should be taken off the market .
 Within a month of using this pail , the lid would kept popping open . The reason that I purchased this pail was that I liked the idea of not having to buy refills and could use regular kitchen bags . Now that my son is eating solids the stinch coming from this diaper pail is terrible ! I decided yesterday that I was tossing this pail and going with the ` Diaper Genie ' , which I have heard mixed reviews on but anything beats this pail . I realize that all diaper pails are going to smell a little -- look what goes in them ! However , this pail should be taken off the market .
 My husband and I wanted something cheap and uncomplicated , so we registered for this product . Within the first month , one of the springs on the diaper drop broke and , subsequently , became not odorless .
 I bought this thinking it was a wonderful design & idea . It was pretty easy to assemble & use . However , once the diapers fill up the bottom of the bag then the claw-like contraption that is supposed to seal out the odors does n't close completely & you get the smells . If you continue to use the pail after filling the bottom of it -LRB- like I just mentioned -RRB- then the diapers start to pull on the bag & that causes the spring that holds the claw-thing in to pop out thus defeating the odor control purpose . Putting the spring back is no easy task . If you manage to do that the claw-thing permanently does n't close all the way . I went through 2 of these , with the same problems , before I resorted to a regular garbage can . I never did see any refills for the scented disk that goes in the top , either . I have no idea where anyone would buy them . I 'd suggest finding something else to use instead .
 Odorless is a joke with this diaper pail . I started with a diaper genie for the past 3 years which I loved but did n't like the expensive refills . Also , after 3 years the container has absorbed the ordors and it 's no longer very effective . Bought this because it was cheaper and hoped it would work better . Needless to say , I have called the company and am getting a refund because it did not contain odor for longer than about a week . Maybe mine was defective but it sure did n't contain any odor . The flaps wo n't stay together , which is how the odor is supposed to be contained and the disk did n't seem to help at all . I do n't recommend this product . I 'm either going to get a new diaper genie or try the diaper champ which I 've heard is great ! Good Luck .
 I got this hopeing it would work , it worked for 2 days and then it would not keep the stink in . Its not worth it at all . I say the diaper Genie works better then this one .
 At first I really liked this pail . It was alot cheaper than all the other ones out there and I did n't have to buy the expensive refills for it I could just use regular trash bags . I was loving it until ... after about 8 months of using it and the stinky diapers getting bigger , the smell in my son 's room was unbearable . We had to constantly replace the little odor eater in the top with little effect on the odor control . I am pregnant now with my second child and will be purchasing something different , maybe the Diaper Dekor . It 's gotten good revues .
 I was given this pail when my third child came along . I had used a diaper genie with my first 2 but had desided to cloth diaper my third , that ment no more diaper genie . -LRB- thats ok , it was too much hassle any way , but thats another review -RRB- To make this pail work for me , I first pulled out the flaps under the lid , the ones ment to hold in odor , those are useless . Then I got an industrial strength deo disk to keep the odors away . If I am not careful when I empty the pail I end up dumping the disk and the dome cover into the washing machine -LRB- fishing them out of that laundry is not pretty -RRB- . This is not a toddler proof pail by any means ! It is better than the trash can , but only by a little.Some good parts are
 I got this diaper pail because it thought it would save me money . I would give it 0 stars , it really stinks . My son was breastfeed , so his poop did n't really smell . But once he began eating solids and later table food his poop began to really smell and this pail did nothing to hid it . Once there is a few diapers in it , the & quot ; odor locking barrier does n't stay closed . We had to change it after 1 or 2 poopy diapers so it did n't save much money . If we did n't we had to shut the door to his room to keep the smell in there ! By the time he was a toddler and I had another son on the way I had enough and got a diaper genie . I should have done it much sooner , I love the diaper genie ! It may cost more but it is so worth it . We can leave the door open to his room and I do n't have to change until it is full !
 It 's just a glorified trash can . The deodorizer just slightly masks the smell . You can use a regular trash can -LRB- with lid -RRB- and change it frequently , and you would have the same product .
 If you want a diaper pail that does not stink spend the extra money and buy a diaper Genie . I bought this one when my first was born because it was cheaper I tried all kinds of bags and no matter what it still stinks I threw this one out -LRB- I felt bad trying to sell it to someone at a yard sale -RRB- and bought a diaper genie which I still have and have had for four years now . Trust me spend the extra money .
 The top does not stay shut on the daiper pail so any and all oders do come out . Since we 're still on breast milk this is not too bad yet but I 'm told that once we start on solids the oders get worse . The only good thing about this diaper pail is that you can use tall kitchen garbage bags instead of expensive daiper pail bags .
 I liked the idea of this pail using regular kitchen trash bags , however , it is a pain to change the bag . Also , it is not odor-less .
 This diaper pail remained odorless for approximately two months . After nine weeks of use , the smell is so overwhelming that I am in the process of purchasing a new pail . I do not recommend this product to anyone .
 Well , after reading all the reviews on this pail I just had to pick it for my registry because I had heard horror stories about the diaper genie . To my disappointment it was nothing it was made out to be . While it is very convienent because it uses regular kitchen trash bags , it just does n't hold in the oder ! When you open the top to put a diaper in you get a not so nice wiff of dirty diapers ! There is nothing to hold the oder in , there are openings on the side of the flaps that you are supposed to push the diaper through so I 'm kinda missing the point . I 've also found that I can get smells from it when it 's closed if you have a couple stinky diapers in it . I usually end up having to empty it before it 's full because of the smell . I definetly DO N'T recommend this diaper pail .
 This pail stinks up the whole room ! Do not buy it . The only thing good about it is that it holds a lot of diapers . The old saying , & quot ; You get what you pay for & quot ; is definitely true for this one . You would be MUCH better off with the Diaper Champ , which costs about $ 30 . My sister has this one . It seals the smell in really good . You just set the diaper in a hole , grab a handle and move it front or back . The odor does not even have a chance to seep out . You can use garbage bags with it and do n't have to pay for the costly refill bags like you do with the Diaper Genie . I 'm going to switch over to this one !
 When my baby was soley nursing this pail worked well , but as the solid foods took over - so did the stench . It is the cheapest `` odor free pail '' I 've seen , uses regular trash bags and it works well for what it is . But , I 've found the only way to keep the smell out of the nursery is to remove the pail , or change the bag every day -LRB- as if that will happen . -RRB- I believe if I had followed the instructions to `` twist '' the top to seal off each diaper it would work better , but I 'm too lazy , and I 've found the bag usually untwists anyway . My other problem is that the springs and plastic contraption inside pop apart all the time , so I 've lost half the springs . I 've decided to invest in a more expensive pail and use this one as my kitchen garbage . -LRB- It works well keeping little hands out of the garbage . -RRB- My advice , spend a little more money and you 'll be happier in the long run .
 The Diaper Genie is as oderless as you are going to get , but who wants to buy all those refills ? I have the Diaper Champ and this Safety 1st pail and I prefer THE CHAMP ! It is easier to get the garbage bag in correctly and hold many more diapers . The CHAMP is the way to go !
 I wish I would 've read the reviews before I purchased this . Our old diaper pail had pretty much given out . . so I got this one . . mostly because of the price . . and I am totally dissatisfied . I do n't know where they got `` odorless '' from ... because this one is terrible . All diaper pails are going to accumulate odor , but this one smells all of the time . I would n't reccomend this one to anybody.Avoid !
 Trying to avoid expensive diaper disposal systems , my husband and I purchased this seemingly efficient pail . One feature I really liked about it was that it took regular kitchen trash bags instead of expensive refills.About one month after the purchase , the deodorizing disk lost all of it 's ability to deodorize . Then the twisting mechanism broke making the pail changing process very smelly . On top of that , my son could easily pop the top open and grab dirty diapers out of it.You could smell dirty diapers from our living room even though we changed the pail often and used Lysol spray . It 's not worth the money . I do not recommend this product !
 This diaper pail is not made well , the spring that is supposed to close the flaps to make the diapers not stink popped out twice the first month . i had to take the whole thing apart and put the springs back into their little grooves , which was a real pain . Also , be the time the pail is half full the flap does n't shut all the way , so you constantly smell it , even when the top is closed . And changing the bag is not that easy since the cover wo n't stay opened while you 're trying to do it
 After about 2 months , the scented disc wore off . I have n't replaced it , but have a feeling it wo n't help much . Do n't put poop diapers in this because it will stink ! It is convenient and lightweight , plus it takes regular garbage bags , which is a plus . It 's ok for pee diapers , but I do n't use it for poop diapers anymore !!!
 I 'm a mother of 4 boys who were and are reluctant potty trainers , so trust me when I tell you I have changed more than my share of diapers . This was our third diaper pail and I am disgusted with it . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was that it does do an ok job of containing the odors - but as for durability , it is not worth the plastic it is made from . I loved the design at first - it has spring hinges that hold the inner barrier closed , that is until they start popping out of their respective locations . Every time I changed the bag -LRB- which is usually twice a week -RRB- I have to snap the springs and the barriers back into place and now after several months , they are no longer snapping into place . Unfortunately when I replaced our last two pails -LRB- one of which was a diaper genie - another waste of time and money -RRB- , I bought two of these pails - A BIG MISTAKE on my part . Please learn from my mistake and do n't buy this diaper pail .
 I purchased this thinking that it was cheaper than ... I do not recommend this I hate it so much that I am going to buy the diaper pail with the postitive reveiw . The Diaper Champ
 I have 2 sons in cloth diapers . I went to Meijer to find a diaper pail and only had 3 choices . This was the only one that used regular bags . I used it for 2 days and the lid would n't stay shut . Also , it does n't push cloth diapers through to the bottom . I had to use my hand to push them down . Yuck ! It is also small and wo n't hold very many diapers . I generally wash diapers every 2-3 days and this pail wo n't hold that many diapers . What happened to the good old fashion tall diaper pails without all of the contraptions ?
 I was initially pleased with my purchase , and felt the diaper pail was functional for all sizes of diapers and met it 's claim of being `` odorless . '' However , over a couple of months time , the deodrant disc did not provide any deodrizing effect , and other discs that I have purchased are worthless . This is my major complaint . I also have had repeated problems with a metal `` wing '' on the hinged area of the lid opening where the diapers are entered through . I am needing to put this together almost every time I change bags .
 This diaper pail is awful ! The only way it would stay odor-less is if you never put any diapers in it . Yes , it takes regular trash bags , but it does n't seem to hold as much as the Fisher Price diaper pail -LRB- which is apparently no longer available anywhere -RRB- . Do n't waste your money .
 My neighbor , who shares a common laundry room with me , has this `` odor-less '' pail which fills the entire laundry area with the stench of dirty diapers . She places it out there so she does n't have to deal with the odor in her own home , if that gives any indication as to how pleased I am about the product ...
 This diaper pail should be pulled off the shelves ! I have to contend with `` 2 '' of these stink trappers ! I was so dissapointed at how they do not cover the odor . Sure they take trash bags , but it 's a real task to change because the lid never stays open.I 'm on the hunt for a better diaper pail , anyone have any suggestions ??? Until then I 'll keep the `` clothespins '' nearby : - -RRB-
 I work at a daycare and we use the `` oderless '' diaper pail . First of all , we empty the pail every night and it still smells awful . And when you 're holding a baby in one arm and a diaper in the other hand , it 's hard to press the `` childsafe '' button which lifts the lid . Also , the older toddlers are easily able to open the pail ... it 's not so child-safe . I would not recommend this for anyone !! I 'm pregnant and due in December ... we 're going with the Diaper Dekor .
 After about a month of use , the spring-loaded lid broke meaning you have to use 2 hands -LRB- leaving none for baby -RRB- to open the lid-and odorless it is NOT . After another couple of months use-it 's the same as using a plain old garbage can . Stay away from this one !
 I hated that this diaper pail smelled all the time . I suffered with it for 6 months , then I discovered the Diaper Dekor . I suggest spending the extra money for the Diaper Dekor it does not smell at all .
 OK , ON THE POSITIVE SIDE , THE PALE IS COVERED AND BABY CAN NOT GET INTO IT . IT TAKES REGULAR TRASH BAGS AND THAT IS NICE TOO . I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHO DID THE ORIGINAL TESTING FOR THIS PRODUCT BEFORE HITTING THE MARKET . I CA N'T BELIEVE SOMEONE WOULD CALL THIS THING ODOR FREE . WE HAD TO DUMP IT 1 OR 2 TIMES A DAY TO KEEP THE ODOR DOWN . BY THAT POINT I DO N'T EVEN SEE THE SENSE IN HAVING IT , WHY NOT JUST TAKE ALL THE DIAPERS OUTSIDE ? WE HAD TO WASH IT DOWN WITH THE WATER HOSE AND DISH SOAP , THEN LEAVE IT OUTSIDE FOR 2 DAYS TO GET THE SMELL OUT . DURING THAT TIME WE SAVED OUR PLASTIC GROCERY BAGS , WRAPPED THE DIRTY AND SOILED DIAPERS IN THE PLASTIC BAG AND TOOK THEM OUTSIDE TO THE TRASH . THAT WAS THE BEST WAY TO KEEP THE SMELL OUT . MAYBE MY SONS POOP SMELLS WORST THAN OTHER BABIES , I DO N'T KNOW . WHAT I DO KNOW IS THAT IF YOU WANT THIS PRODUCT SAVE YOUR MONEY ... YOU CAN HAVE MINE .
 This is not an odor-free pail . You can smell the diapers just as much as if they were in an open trash can . It is hard to open and the filter area falls apart .
 I went with this one as a new Mom b/c I did n't think it mattered what pail you used . I mean , its called the Odorless Pail , right ? Well , the lid does not stay on well , the only thing that keeps it from smelling is a physical barrier of hard plastic inside the pail -- no deodorizor , no tight seal , no sealed bags . Its a trash can with a lid that pops open for a new diaper then you manually close the lid -- that 's it . Also , that same hard plastic barrier causes diapers to stack up in the middle of the pail , making it appear fuller , faster . Its an `` F '' grade in my book . We are shopping for a new one now !
 I have had this diaper pail for 3 months since i had my daughter and i have found that i dont ' t really like it because the lid always pops up and stays open so i have to lay something on it to keep it shut . Also when it pops up it always wakes the baby and us if were asleep . It also doesnt hold the smell and gets full faster than other pails .
 We registered for this before the birth of our now 20 month old child ... it is awful . We have had to change the bags sometimes twice a day to keep the odor out of the house . We even have dumped dirty diaper contents in the toilet and then threw out the diaper still to have the odor escape . ...
 Within a month of using this pail , the lid would keep popping open . The reason that I purchased this pail was that I liked the idea of not having to buy refills and could use regular kitchen bags . Now that my son is eating solids the stinch coming from this diaper pail is terrible ! I decided yesterday that I was tossing this pail and going with the ` Diaper Genie ' , which I have heard mixed reviews on but anything beats this pail . I realize that all diaper pails are going to smell a little -- look what goes in them ! However , this pail should be taken off the market .
 I hated the thought of having to buy refills for my diaper pail so I bought this diaper pail 11 months ago when my son was born . We have tried EVERYTHING during this time to make this pail work , but it is a failure . The clamps that are supposed to keep the stink in the pail and not in the air do not meet in the middle and have n't since the first month of use . His room CONSTANTLY stinks of dirty diapers . We have used extra fragrance discs , have given it a baking soda bath , and have even attached an OUST air sanitizer spray . NOTHING WORKS ! This is certainly NOT an odor-less pail . I am very disappointed and we finally broke down and bought the Diaper Genie this week .
 I agree with the other reviews that this works well in the begninning when diapers arent that stinky and the odor chip still works . I purchased it mainly because it used regular garbage bags -LRB- which it defintely one of it 's best features . -RRB- It lasted us probably a year but slowly the springs started popping off and it was less and less effective . By the time my son was two , and potty trained it was VERY stinky ! I am trying the diaper geanie with my next child .
 I also purchased this pail hoping to avoid the cost of refills . Unfortunately one day I walked into the babies room and it just reeked of his diapers . He 's not on solid food yet . The odor disc does n't seem to be good for anything but making a rattling noise in the middle of the night , and the spring loaded mechanism does n't close all the way if the bag gets bunched up at all . We are now looking into a different pail .
 My husband and I bought this diaper pail after receiving a Diaper Genie that was broken . We didnt want to buy another one , because at the time we were VERY tight on money ... so we downsized . This pail worked fine at first . The first 3 months it was great -LRB- my husband liked it more than I did however -RRB- . I could never figure out how to get the spin lid to work right , and the springs kept popping out of the hinges . SO AGGREVATING when you have an infant screaming to be picked up ! So , after 7 1/2 months we gave in and gave up on this diaper pail . You get what you payfor , and I would spend the extra dollars if I had known then what I know now ... DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY UNLESS YOU LIKE SPENDING TWICE AS MUCH FINDING OUT FOR YOURSELF ...
 Bought this hoping to save $ on refills . Twisting mechanism does n't really work , spring that keeps mouth closed keeps popping off . And once our baby started solid food , the gig was up - does n't contain the odor of truly stinky diapers . Just upgraded to the Diaper Genie -LRB- which now has extra-thick bags for babies on solid food -RRB- .
 This diaper pail is affordable and uses regular garbage bags , both of which were important to us when buying a diaper pail BEFORE the reality of dirty diapers . Even when we emptied the pail often and sprayed it with Lysol between uses , it still smelled bad every time we opened it . Sometimes the smell seeped out , so it made the whole bedroom stink.And my kids have no problem pressing the blue lid-popping latch-and , of course , adding their toys or other opjects to the contents of the dirty diaper pail.The twisting mechanism to remove the full bag is a great idea . It helps you not get the face full of odor when you open the pail ... BUT you can not let the pail get even close to full , or it wont twist . And after two years of use , the twisting mechanism does n't work anymore . The latch for the small opening is also broken .
 I did n't give this pail 1 star because it does keep the stink out , and it does take standard garbage bags.After a few months of use , the spring assembly on the blue cover popped off . I assembled it back together , and within a few days , the spring broke in half . I tried to get another spring by calling Safety First . They only had the blue top without the spring . The guy said I 'd just have to buy another pail if I wanted a working pop top .
 This diaper pail is certainly the worst I have used . It works ok for about a week and by the end of that first week I was ready to get a new diaper pail . It does not keep oders in much at all , and I do n't even put poopy diapers in it . After about a week the springs started constantly falling off of the thing inside that supposedly keeps the bag closed and the oder out so it does n't do any good . Yes , a plus is the using regular bags , but so does the Diaper Champ and it also keeps oders in much better than this . I 'm definitely going back to the Diaper Champ ; I only bought this one because it was the only one at my store , now I know it was worth the wait for the Diaper Champ in the mail .
 My husband and I bought this with the hopes that it would keep the odor inside and we could save the money on refills . Well , it did not control odor . The plastic disk that is included to neutralize the odor works for about a week . The odor escaped even when the pail was closed . You do save money on refills at first . But when the diapers become stinkier as the baby grows , you have to change the bag more often . I used A LOT of baking soda and Lysol spray to help control the stink.Also , the button on the top that opens the pail can fail easily , and it is also very easy for a child to get into once they start pulling up on things.I would not recommend this product .
 This is an OKAY diaper pail for the money . It does n't TOTALLY eliminate the smell and the bags are hard to change . I do n't even try any more to ` twist ' the bag , I just take the lid off . It is very easy to open and I wonder about my son getting in it as he gets older . If this is all you can afford , it 's not that bad .
 I had a number of problems with this diaper pail . First
 I too originally registered for this brand diaper pail because it used regular garbage bags instead of special , costly bags . Also it claimed to be odor-free . The first pail I got I had to return to the store before I even used it since the `` latch '' would not stay locked , or even closed . The next one I got just broke -- after four months of use . First , one of the inside springs came off and then half of the inside `` bag closer '' flaps has completely fallen off ... meaning the bag is not held closed any longer . The deodorizing disk did not last long either , and the Sassy refills I bought at a baby store did not work at all ... Likewise , I too noticed that you can only get use of half the garbage bag as the pail itself is not tall enough ... I am trying to track down cost and location for another pail called Diaper Wizard which claims to also accept regular garbage bags ... and opens and closes by itself with some kind of motion detector ...
 FROM THE TIME WE BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT IT HAS BEEN A PAIN ? THE LID DOES NOT STAY SHUT . IT IS DEFINITELY NOT CHILD PROOF , MY SON HAS BEEN ABLE TO GET INTO IT SINCE HE WAS 6 MOS OLD . IT STINKS , IT NEEDS TO BE TALLER BECAUSE YOU WASTE HALF A GARBAGE BAG . IF ANYONE KNOWS HOW TO GET A REFILL ON THE DEODERIZER PLEASE LET ME KNOW !!!!!! IF THERE IS N'T ONE THERE SHOULD BE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I read online reviews of this diaper pail and decided to take a chance . I do home daycare and was getting overwhelmed by the odor from my rubbermaid !! I was very disappointed when I brought this home , opened the box , and got it ready to go only to find that the lid would not stay shut . My husband looked at it when he came home and the lid WOULD stay shut . The next time we 'd try it , no luck . What a waste of time and energy . I would recommend that you try a different product .
 This diaper pail remained odorless for approximately two months . After nine weeks of use , the smell is so overwhelming that I am in the process of purchasing a new pail . I do not recommend this product to anyone .
 It does n't keep in odors at all . The spring in the lid broke and fell off within the first month . It is difficult to twist and remove the bag , especially when very full . The lid pops open by itself sometimes . It makes a godawful racket every time you pop open the lid because the ineffectual deodorant chip inside rattles around.Really , how much worse could this product be ? It just stinks , in every sense of the word . Buy anything else -- a plain old kitchen garbage pail would be sturdier , cheaper , quieter , easier to use , and no more smelly than this .
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS `` ODOR-LESS DIAPER PAIL ! '' -LRB- ... -RRB- The pail worked for about a month . Then the slot where the diapers are thrown wouldnt close all the way so the smell kept escaping . And it was indeed a struggle to get the trash bags to fit -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 At first this pail worked just fine for us.We did n't have a problem with her room smelling bad till now . My daughter is 10 months old , and eating solids and table food which makes the diaper smell real bad . So I will go out and get a new kind of pail -LRB- Diaper Champ -RRB- . It was nice using your trash bags , But I would n't buy this one , because you will just have to replace when your child gets older and the diapers get worst .
 We chose this one against the Diaper Genie to avoid the recurring costs of the Genie refills.But we are not at all pleased ! . Though it takes good number of diapers , and till now I do not have the problem of odors too , the spring breaks over and over again.And my biggest problem is the struggle to replace the cover -LRB- trash bag -RRB- into it.The lid keeps on falling back and since the pail is tall and narrow at the bottom it too keeps on falling a dozen times.Wish I had known this babies ` r ` us site before and read all your reviews before purchasing it .
 I received the diaper pail as a baby shower gift and I thought it would be a nice one . After removing it from the box and reading the instructions ... . THE LID BROKE ! I returned the pail to Babies R Us and they said they have had a lot of problems with the diaper pail being returned . So , I would advise buying a different diaper pail !
 This has got to be one of the worst cases of false advertising I 've ever encountered . To call this pail `` oder-less '' is a joke . The only way that I have found to keep it from not stinking as much is to put everyone of my daughter 's diapers in a scented diaper bag , tie it up , and then put it in the pail . And do n't even think about putting a really poopy diaper in it . I 've learned to to take those straight to the garbage outside . Aside from all that , the garbage bags are almost impossible to put in and the flip top lid likes to flip open by it 's self . More trouble than it 's worth when you have a newborn to take care of . Save your money and buy a diaper genie .
 At first , I bought this diaper pail thinking it was an innovative contraption with the ease of using regular trash bags and the easy pop-open top and all you have to do is twist the top and the bag closes up to hide the stink of the nasty diapers inside . Well , we lost springs and the plastic part inside the pail came apart very soon after we bought it . Too bad it was too late to take it back . It really does n't hide the smells that emminate from it . This is a -LSB- poorly made -RSB- diaper pail and I do not recommend it at all.I ended up getting a `` Diaper Champ '' pail at my 2nd baby 's shower and I like it a lot more . There 's nothing that falls apart at all , and you can use regular trash bags for it too . You can smell it after about a week , and by then it 's time to change the bag anyway .
 We received this diaper pail as a shower gift and have been using it for 5 months now . I had originally considered exchanging it for a diaper genie , but decided to give it a try since I could use my own garbage bags instead of having the expense of those refills . I really wish I had made the exchange . For the first couple of months it worked great . However , it has really begun to smell even when it barely has any diapers in it . My daughter 's whole room smells and our entire upstairs is beginning to smell . Yuck ! It also began to fall apart after the first couple of months . The springs on the inside continue to pop out and the flaps that close the diapers off keep falling out . I would not suggest buying this diaper pail .
 I sent my husband to the store to get the Diaper Genie , he came home with this . The first time my husband went to use it the button to open it did n't work and he had to push so hard to open it that the area around the button cracked , but hey , at least now the button works . The odor barrier does n't close all the way , even with one diaper in it , so you can smell the diapers . And I have also found that smaller diapers do not go all the way to the bottom , so I have to actually stick my arm through the odor barrier -LRB- yuck -RRB- to push it down to the bottom . Also , I have found that this pail holds far less newborn diapers than a Diaper Genie does . My advice , pay the extra for the refills and get the Diaper Genie .
 This diaper pail definitely does not live up to its ' name ! This pail will smell with even one dirty diaper in it . We have been throwing our soiled diapers in our regular trash instead ... it smells less there . The deodorant tablet is held in place by a cup that kept falling into the pail until we finally just took it out completely . Our 1 year old son has no problem opening the `` child resistant '' closure . The lid does n't always stay closed ... it often pops open a few seconds after you close the lid . All in all ... we are definitely getting a new pail before our second child is born and we have even more diapers .
 We bought this pail for wet diapers while we used our diaper genie for messy diapers -LRB- we were trying to cut down on buying diaper genie refills -RRB- . Well , this pail has not done very well in odor control and is only slighly better that a trashcan with a lid . I was very disappointed and am considering using the diaper genie for everything .
 It 's not worth it ! I have tried Diaper Genie and Safety 1st , now I 'll have to try something new . This diaper pail has broken on me and I 've had to have parts replaced . I had to pay the mailing cost to send the broken part in !! It was cheap , but not worth the loss of time trying it . It stinks -- even with only one smelly diaper in it .
 This diaper pail has a lot of negative qualities . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It does n't hold very many diapers . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The springs break on me all the time . -LRB- 3 -RRB- It stinks.It is good in that it uses regular trash liners , but ... I wish I 'd bought a different one in the beginning . Now I 'm going to have to try a different brand. : -LRB-
 This diaper pail stank worse than the diapers it was holding ! In less than a month , the blue dome on the inside of the lid that held the odor disk had fallen off -LRB- into a bag of dirty diapers . Needless to say , we did n't retrieve it ! -RRB- The lid was very hard to open at first , we had to pound on the button to get it to release . And the springs kept popping off the insert . We finally got so tired of using the stupid thing that we tossed it after less than six weeks !
 This diaper pail worked well - at first . But after about 3 months it became obvious that the cheaply constructed spring mechanism was not going to hold up to the task . True enough , by 1 year of use the pail was broken beyond repair . Is it too much to expect a pail to last ?
 Very dissapointed . It is great that you can use standard garbage bags , but you can only get 10 or so diapers in it . The `` odor-less '' part of it is a joke . Newborn diapers wont even go down into the bag , you end up pushing them down -LRB- gross !! -RRB- . THe `` twist and seal '' part dosent work either , it just pulls the bag down . Spend the money and get a better one .
 I originally registered for this then read reviews and changed to the diaper champ . However , when I did not receive a diaper pail I purchased this one b/c it was cheaper . Big mistake . It is not odor-less ! I saw a friend 's Diaper Champ and was convinced and purchased it instead . It works great and also uses kitchen bags . It is worth the extra money . You can get your money back from this diaper pail by calling the customer service number on the instruction manual and sending a portion of it back . I received my refund within a few weeks ! I 'm not sure about Safety 1st products now , all the reviews of their products seem to be bad & we had a salesperson tell us not to buy a Cosco brand car seat and Safety 1st is a Cosco brand .
 I bought this diaper pail , like many others , because it was cheaper and used standard trash bags instead of costly liners . That is the only good thing this pail has going for it . My son is 8 months old , and the springs keep popping off of it . This diaper pail does not keep the smell out , either . The opening that the diapers go into will no longer close , so each time you lift the lid you get a whiff of what is inside . You are supposed to be able to `` twist and seal '' the trash bags when changing , which does n't work . Each time you change the bag , you have to pull it out , and when you replace it you have to thread the bag through the top . This diaper pail is smaller than `` standard trash can liners '' , which means when the pail gets full , you pull out the trash can liner only to find it is only half full of diapers . I 'm ready to throw this diaper pail into the garbage , which is where I 've been putting most of the dirty diapers directly , anyhow .
 Pro
 We are having ... problem -LSB- s -RSB- ... The scented chip worked , but only for a few months . Any one have any luck replacing it ? I 've looked in the stores but had no luck .
 This diaper pail is absolutely terrible . For our first child , we had a diaper pail made by Fisher Price which was absolutely wonderful , however it unfortunately was ruined from being used for 18 months -LRB- and now discontinued -RRB- . For our second child , we purchased the Safety 1st model . It does a terrible job at containing odors . Within 2 weeks , right when diapers began to stink , the entire room reeks . Looking inside the pail , it does n't even look like it is capabe of containing odors . The plastic piece which is intended to separate the diapers from the top does n't even cover the entire opening . After 2 weeks , this one already smells worse than our old one did . I definitely would recommend purhasing another brand .
 Do n't waste your money on this pail . The lid keeps popping up , my son easily can open it ... it most definitely is NOT odorless . In fact , just one day and the whole room will stink . I ended up just throwing this whole thing away and bought the Diaper Champ . Some things are just not worth skimping a few extra bucks for .
 This is by no means `` odorless '' . It smells with even 1 dirty diaper . My now 15 month old can just `` pop '' open the top and reach in and pull out the dirty diapers - yuck ! Her room constantly smells like diapers so we throw out the dirty ones in the garage and just use the diaper pail for wet ones . I would NOT recommend it . I am expecting # 2 and will have to buy another diaper pail .
 I RECENTLY PURCHASED THE SAFETY FIRST DIAPER PAIL THINKING IT SHOULD BE AT LEAST SOME WHAT ODOR FREE WHICH I HAVE DICOVERED IT IS NOT AT ALL !!! IT IS ALSO SOME WHAT OF A HASSEL TO USE , THE BAGS DO NOT STAY IN PLACE WELL -LRB- THAT 'S IF YOU CAN GET IT IN RIGHT ANYWAY -RRB- AND THE LID DOES N'T STAY OPEN WELL EITHER . WITH MY FIRST CHILD I USED THE DIAPER GENIE WHICH WAS GREAT BUT TOO EXPENSIVE . SO I FIGURED WITH THIS ONE , IT WOULD WORK JUST AS GOOD AND SAVE ME ALITTLE MORE MONEY NOT BUYING REFILLS ALL THE TIME BUT , BOY WAS I WRONG . PERSONALLY I THINK IT WAS A WASTE OF MONEY .
 When we tried it out at the store the push button was n't working to dispence the diapers . We purchased it anyway because it seemed the easiest to use -LRB- only need one hand - unlike the genie -RRB- . We got it home opened the box to try it out and the button to dispense the diapers did n't work on this one either.I would NOT recommend this diaper pail because even if it does work when you get it home I ca n't see it lasting long . - Cheaply made -
 This diaper pail is far from odorless . The poop diapers smelled so much that we moved it into the garage but the flies were so bad that we moved it back in the house and put it in a closet . Now every poop diaper I put in a ziplock first . The only good thing is that it takes regular diaper bags and it 's a place to put messy diapers .
 I 've found that the Odor-Less Diaper Pail is nowhere near odorless !! It was okay when our baby was still making the non-smelly diapers , but FORGET IT once your kid is on solids . My husband empties that pail every few days -LRB- then sprays the inside with Lysol -RRB- when it 's only filled with pee pee diapers . And it is ready to be emptied by then , because it reeks of urine . Do n't even think about keeping poopy diapers in there !! We have to dump poop , from a soiled diaper , in the toilet and just throw away the diaper because the Odor-Less Diaper Pail DOES NOT contain the smell . Buyer BEWARE ! -LRB- This product does n't deserve 1 star ! -RRB-
 I , like many other reviewers , went with this pail since it required regular garbage bags . However , I have finally decided not to put poopy diapers in it because I 'm afraid of odor contaminating my baby 's room ! When there are stinky diapers this pail , all you need to do is open the door to his room and WHOOSH ... you 're knocked out by a nasty smell ! This diaper pail does not live up to its `` odor-less '' title .
 I thought I would like this one ... seemed easy to use , and did n't require special refills . I got it home and the push button on the top of the pail to open it was already broken . I didnt get a good vibe that this was gon na last if I returned it for another one . Im definately going with the Diaper Champ . Its a little more money , but the idea behind it makes a lot of sense , and it seems that it will live up to its name .
 I bought this diaper pail because it used regular garbage bags and it was less expensive . Well , I learned my lessen - you get what you pay for . Like some other reviews the spring on my top broke which is supposed to keep the claw , if you will , closed after you put the diaper in and keep the smell in . I changed the bag often but the pail still absorbed the awful smell and after cleaning it and soaking it , it still stunk ! I am now on my second child and decided to buy the diaper genie . I hope this will work out much better !
 My son is 10 months now and this diaper pail has stunk since he was about 3 months old . The smell about kills you when you change it , and even when there 's only 1 diaper in it , the smell is bad . Even spraying disinfectant does n't mask the odors . I change the diaper pail way before it gets close to being full thinking that would help and it does n't . I 'm going to buy a Diaper Champ now ... guess this just proves you get what you pay for .
 With 3 girls , 2 in diapers , this pail is full all the time . It does n't keep out odors because it stunk up the whole house and is n't sturdy either . One time it tipped over ... nuff said !
 This is the worst excuse for a diaper pail that I have ever seen . After a very short time , even with just pee diapers , this pail STUNK . I cleaned it out daily , but the plastic of this pail just seemed to absorb the odor . The scented disc that is included does NOT neutralize odors ... it does n't even cover them up . I scrubbed , soaked , and sanitized this thing trying to keep it as clean as possible , and it is just not worth the time or effort . For this baby I have purchased the Diaper Champ - we 'll see how it holds up . NOTHING could be worse than this useless thing !!!
 I got this diaper pail thinking of the cost savings being able to use regular kitchen garbage bags . Well it 's not a cost savings and definately no help on the smell . I have tried scented kitchen bags and it seems to make the smell worse with the 2 different scents . My son 's room always smells like dirty diapers . I have tried airfreshers , baking soda , soaking in Pine-sol for a day and even with no diapers it smells . I regret buying this one and now will get a different one and pay the extra cost for the bags . Another thing is the chamber you open to put the diapers in pops open unexpectedly . Not a very good locking system .
 I got this as a shower gift and thought it was an excellent gift . I changed my mind very quickly . My son is only 3 1/2 months old and it is already smelling up my son 's room . The little deodarizer thing does n't do anything ! Also the first time I changed the bag , the springs broke under the top . I still use it because it 's the only thing I have , but I would not reccommend this to anyone . One day , I 'll spend the money and get a better one .
 This pail is not odorless . The hinge and doors to keep it sealed except when you are entering a diaper , do not work for more than a few days . My son is only 9 weeks old and already , the plastic of the pail has absorbed the diaper odors so it smells all the time , and that , along with the hinges not closing the doors all the way , is making his room far from odorless ! Also , it was difficult to assemble , and ours did not come with instructions .
 My son has gone through two of these pails and both had the same problem and broke within days of initial use . The flimsy hinges pop off causing the whole &#147; odor-blocking &#148; cup mechanism to fall apart which makes this pail nothing more than that ; a pail with a lid . Even before the breakage it failed to contain any odors whatsoever and I was replacing the bags every few days . I spent more time and money buying two of these then I would have if I had gone with a more expensive brand the first time around . I will not make the same mistake with this baby , don &#146; t make it with your baby either !
 I bought this product to save alittle money and boy , was THAT a mistake . In just a few hours , this pail would stink up my daughter 's room . Do n't bother buying this product . Get the diaper genie . Too bad I could rate this product in the negative numbers.Very disappointed !!
 What a waste of money ! I had this in my baby 's room for about a week before it started smelling up the entire room ! I tried putting it in the garage , but it even smelled up the garage . Do n't bother !
 With my 1st baby i had received a diaper genie and really liked it , but this time i wanted to save money at least i thought i did by buying a cheaper diaper pail . But its not worth it i 'm not very happy with this product . It uses regular size 13 gal trash bags but it fills up so fast i am changing it every couple of days i do not recommend this product . I recommend spending a little more money you will be happy in the end .
 This pail caught my eye with its promise to eliminate smell and what looked like ease of use . It is difficult to get the bag in , you must push the diaper past the & quot ; diaphragm & quot ; , often the springs come undone , and the plastic soaked in the diaper odor so it is consistently smelly . Also , you have to use a full size garbage bag and waste most of the bag space . Try it if you wish , but I 'll be shopping for a new one for my next baby !!
 This is a bad product . The first one I bought did not pop open as it is supposed to , so I returned it and got another one . This one had the same problem , but I figured out a way to work around it . The springs on the contraption that drops the diapers have broken NUMEROUS times - I always seem to be trying to pop them back in -LRB- not an easy thing to do -RRB- . This pail also does a horrible job of containing odors . I have used this pail for two years - trying to get my money 's worth . I am finally fed up and am going to buy a different pail . Do n't waste your money or patience on this pail !
 I received this as a baby shower gift and needless to say it broke before the month was over.The latch sticks , then no longer works and stays completley open exposing you to the full odor , this puppy went in the trash right away.Save your money and get another product
 I had asked for a Diaper Genie for my first child and got this instead . I tried to return it but was unable to -LRB- they were out of the Genie -RRB- . My husband suggested that we give it a try because we had to put the diapers somewhere . I think it lasted a few months when the spring on the inside of the lid popped out and we could not keep it closed properly anymore . Besides that , it never was truely oder-less and it was not easy to keep the bags in place without the mechanism tearing them . I am due in Sept. & have purchased a Diper Genie this time just like I had wanted . For the price difference it is not worth it .
 This diaper pail not only stinks , but it stinks up the whole room !!! We have an eight-month old and have to get another diaper pail now because we would love to be able to actually use my son 's room ! We avoid it at all costs now due to this stinky pail ! Save your money !! Do n't get it and choose something else . Odor-less my ... !
 I purchased this diaper pail for my son and let me tell you it was more work keeping up this pail then it was caring for a newborn . We purchased this product because there were no special bags to buy and it had an area to place deoderizer tablets . Well the spring popped off every time we put a diaper in it which left a space for the smell to come out . It was nasty . We had to constantly fix the springs just so it was close up each time . The pail stunk so bad even with the tablets and an air freshener in the bottom of the bucket . It was so bad , we soaked it and washed it and it still stunk . We ended up throwing it in the dumpster . It was just horrible . Not a good product and poorly made .
 I bought this diaper pail because the store had run out of the Fisher Price pail I had originally intended to buy . Boy was I sorry !! Aside from the fact that the diaper pail fell apart into many little pieces every time I went to change the bag , It did not contain the quite pungent odor that accompanies dirty diapers.While this diaper pail was cheaper than the Diaper Genie , I found it to be a complete waste of my hard earned money , as it does n't even serve well as a basic trash can .
 This pail is not orderless and it is very inconvient . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I have a daycare and the pail stays smelly all the time !!
 Comunidad Amazon : Compre el 3 de enero de 2009 en Amazon un coche modelo Peg Perego P3 light weight one fold stroller confiando en la honestidad del proveedor y resulta que tanto amazon como baby dealz -LRB- la supuesta tienda que lo vende -RRB- no se responsabilizan por sus errorees . UPS -LRB- el courrier -RRB- dice tres meses despues que entrego la mercancia en una direcci&oacute;n diferente a la que registre en Amazon y ahora Baby Dealz , no aparece son una compa & ntilde ; ia fantasma no contestan telefonos ni responden emails y Amazon cada vez que escribo , durante tres meses , solo me dice que analizara el caso . Comunidad AMAZON alerta estas empresas son un fraude y pierdes tu dineronadie se hace responsable .
 I bought this booster for my 11/2 year old.The seat is nice however the straps that secure your child do not even go around their waist , instead they come up over the tops of the legs . This does not give a parent a very secure feeling for their child.I also found the tray to be tricky when taking it off and on.It seems more like a toy than an actually baby item.I 'm returning mine after having it only 1 day.Iwould recommend anyone buying this seat to take it out the box and see how the 3 point harness is attached to the seat itself , you 'll see how the straps are not where they are suppose to be .
 My daughter had a febrile seizure in this seat when she was 8 months old and we had a VERY DIFFICULT time getting her out . Three different people tried to get the tray off . We finally ripped it off . We had difficulty removing the tray on a regular day . It was even harder when we were all panicked . I have a friend who has the same seat and she will not feed her son anything he might choke on for the same reason . The tray is difficult to attach and remove.I have since returned the tray to Safety 1st . I do compliment them on their excellent customer service . They refunded me the full amount without any proof of purchase . I have since bought the First Years Three-in-One Booster seat . I love it . It is easy to transport . It stays together better than this seat . The tray goes on and off in a snap . It is easy to travel with , in fact , it stays in my car . I do not recommend the Safety 1st seat . Check out the others !
 I bought this seat and returned it . It did n't fit on our dining room chairs very well . The buckles clip kind of low in the back . I did n't feel this was very secure . My daughter is a climber . I was afraid if she leaned over to far that the seat would flip . We purchased a another one that fits much better .
 I bought this booster seat when my daughter was about 1 1/2 for travel purposes . It served its purpose but when it came time to give up the highchair at home , there was no way I was going to deal with this thing everyday . The straps are a pain , they get lost easily . The hard plastic is very slippery and without the crotch strap -LRB- that was missing for a few months at our house -RRB- the child keeps sliding down . It 's not always possible to get a secure hold on all chairs -LRB- such as our kitchen chairs at home that have a rounded bottom -RRB- . The tray pops off easily -LRB- although on the plus side , it will go all the way up to the child 's stomach , unlike a lot of highchairs out there -RRB- . And my biggest complaint of all , you have to completely unhook the whole thing after every meal to get all the food out from under it then spend another 5 minutes getting the food out of all the openings and off the straps , then a few more minutes restrapping the seat to the chair again . Who has time for all of that with a toddler running around the house?I came back and bought the Cooshie Booster instead a month ago and we all love it . It gives enough lift for my petite 22 month old daughter to sit at the table like a big girl . The material makes it stick to our wooden chairs and never slides around . When dinner is over , I just wipe off the crumbs . And there is n't any space under the seat for food to get trapped between the booster and the actual chair . I 'm back to buy a second Cooshie Booster seat for my grandma 's house .
 The lid falls off everytime we put our sons food on it > He is 20 months old . Its locks but he can push it off into the floor .
 I bought this booster seat when my daughter was about 1 1/2 for travel purposes . It served its purpose but when it came time to give up the highchair at home , there was no way I was going to deal with this thing everyday . The straps are a pain , they get lost easily . The hard plastic is very slippery and without the crotch strap -LRB- that was missing for a few months at our house -RRB- the child keeps sliding down . It 's not always possible to get a secure hold on all chairs -LRB- such as our kitchen chairs at home that have a rounded bottom -RRB- . The tray pops off easily -LRB- although on the plus side , it will go all the way up to the child 's stomach , unlike a lot of highchairs out there -RRB- . And my biggest complaint of all , you have to completely unhook the whole thing after every meal to get all the food out from under it then spend another 5 minutes getting the food out of all the openings and off the straps , then a few more minutes restrapping the seat to the chair again . Who has time for all of that with a toddler running around the house?I came back and bought the Cooshie Booster instead a month ago and we all love it . It gives enough lift for my petite 22 month old daughter to sit at the table like a big girl . The material makes it stick to our wooden chairs and never slides around . When dinner is over , I just wipe off the crumbs . And there is n't any space under the seat for food to get trapped between the booster and the actual chair . I 'm back to buy a second Cooshie Booster seat for my grandma 's house .
 Tray can be pushed off very easily !!! Keep child in your sight when using . Would never purchase again !
 My husband and I thought this booster seat was a great choice because of the obvious small size and convenience . However , our son is very active and is constantly on the move . We could never get the booster seat strapped to any chair tight enough to keep it from sliding around . One evening , our son managed to throw himself off balance by rocking in his booster seat as we sat near him . The chair he was in fell forward , and he landed on his mouth on the floor . He lost his first tooth that night and had his first trip to the emergency room . Unless you have a very docile child , do not trust a booster seat . Invest in a real highchair , sacrifice the space and convenience and put your child 's safety first !!
 I purchased this item 3 days ago and it is going back !! The overall quality of the seat is okay , but if you plan on using the tray it is awful !! I placed my 11 month old daughter in this and was unable to get the one side of the tray to fully latch . Well after I finally got this thing to fully latch guess what ... I could n't get it to unlatch to get her out . The tray slides on and off REAL hard and the levers for the latch are small which make it hard to pull on them . I have an older model of the same chair which is probably 6 years old and love it , but the new and approved is WORTHLESS !! So back to the store this one will go and I will look for something different .
 This chair , appears to be very convient . Looks can be decieving . I purchased this chair for my one year old . It is made to be strapped on to a kitchen chair , which is pretty high for a 20lb child . My daughter was in her chair , eating breakfast when she leaned over to see our dog . The whole side of the chair snapped , and my daughter fell out of the chair and , on her head , face first . Luckily I was right there and she was n't hurt severely.I hated this product , and do n't recommed ANY parents to buy this for their children .
 The `` small compact straps to chair '' element is a plus , but after comparing this to the Fisher Price booster , there 's just no going back . This flops all over the place when it is `` folded '' and has many nooks and crannies where food gets lodged , and where , if you just put it in the sink to hose it down , water will get stuck . The straps fall off every time you wash the seat down , and the tray is difficult to get on and off quickly . Just ca n't stand the thing , really , not after trying a * real * portable high chair .
 My son needed a chair to sit in otherwise he would not eat , so I bought this chair when we were visiting the grandparents . The chair is adequate but unless I pick a faulty one I find the tray very difficult to get on and off , the plactic levers are very small for those with arthritis . I do n't know if there are any chairs that are better .
 Is this not the booster seat that was recalled recently ? Anybody out there know ?
 I received this booster seat as a shower gift and while I love the convenience of it , I have to admit that the tray is nearly imposible to get on and off which makes it less of a convenience and more of a hassle . My mother in law has the booster seat made by The First Years and is much easier to use . I called Safety First to get a refund and they would only refund me the manufacturer 's cost without proof of purchase . Who has proof of purchase when it was a shower gift and now your child is 18 months old . What choice do I have now ? Keep it or get less for it . Overall , I have been pretty unsatified with ALL Safety First products .
 I bought this seat for my 11 month old . Food got stuck in every little crack on the chair , and she was too big for it . The tray does n't adjust , and it cut into my daughter 's stomach.This chair seriously sucks . Do n't even waste your money.I took it back and bought the Fisher Price booster . It 's so much better than this POS.I had to give it one star . I wanted to give it zero , but , apparently that 's not an option .
 I was extremely excited for this bath ring , which I bought on Bed Bath and Beyond for $ 24.99 . My 6 month old just started to sit up and I wanted to give it a try . This tub will not stick to my bath tub . I had to hold on to the seat at all time , so he would n't tip over . I 'm glad I did n't spend the $ 70 plus on Amazon . I would n't not recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this bath seat for my 6 month old , the closed design made it difficult to reach the already hard to reach places . He also kept sliding to the front of the seat , I tried putting a wash cloth down before setting him in but that did n't help . The three decretive shapes left red marks on his belly . So , we used this seat several times and ended up going to Target to get a different brand .
 I 'm not impressed . My baby is only 7 mo old and it is cumbersome to get him into this seat . Other revewiers are correct when they say that the green portion of the seat it much , MUCH larger and it takes up half of that open space where the legs go . I wish it was more like the picture shown because then my baby would have had no issues fiting . I do n't see how this will fit a baby at 16mo like it states . The &#34; toys &#34; on top are a bit hard with a very pointy and unfriendly way about them . I do n't want my baby chewing on them . The product would have been next to perfect tho if it were n't for the green portion of the seat taking up too much space . UPDATE THE PICTURE !!!!
 This product shipped promptly and met description . However , I was unable to use it because it would not stick to my bathtub . I believe it is because I have a textured floor and the suction cups would not work . Most disappointing was that I was unable to return this product . Check return policy carefully ! The return date was 2 days after I received it . Now I am stuck with an expensive product that is useless ... disappointing .
 Received this seat and was very excited to start using it . Put it in the tub and noticed that it would not stick to the tub . I tried pushing it down on the tub when it was dry , and it did n't work . I tried wetting just the suction cups and pressing down , and it still did n't work . I tried filling the tub with a small amount of water and pressing down , and still nothing . The suction cups have no curve to them at all and appear very cheap . They just do n't work . I am very disappointed with this seat . My son fits well in the seat . He is 7 months old , 20 lbs. , and can sit up . There was plenty of room for him and the seat did not pinch his legs at all . There was plenty of room to grow in this bath seat . I had to return it because when I put him in it and he would start kicking and splashing in the tub , the seat would start moving all over the tub and I did not feel as though it was safe , even with me right there with him . Although it was a roomy chair that he enjoyed , because it was so obviously unsafe and unable to stay in one place I have to rate it one star .
 I like this chair but it does move a lot in the bathtub when baby moves around the chair tilts a little . for the price , I dont recommend it .
 We used it once when my son was first learning to sit up , but he did n't really like it , and the suction cups did n't work on our textured bathtub . so we went back to using his `` Whale of a tub '' and that has worked great , and now that it 's too small , he has no problems sitting up on his own .
 We have owned this bath seat for about 3 months now . We started using it when our baby got too big for his infant bath tub and we needed another solution . He could n't quite sit up on his own , but he could manage in this seat . Now that he can sit up well on his own , he sits much better in it . We still use this seat on a daily basis since our 8 month old is still so squirmy and this helps us keep him contained while bathing with his older sister . Otherwise , I have no doubt he would be on his hands and knees trying to crawl in the tub.Pros : -- Keeps baby contained which is useful if you have 2 kids in the tub at the same time . -- Helps him sit up even when he ca n't quite sit up on his own yet . -- Easy to attach and detach from the tub . -- Easy to rinse and keep clean.Cons : -- Bulky to store . If you have a small bathroom , that could be annoying . -- There needs to be some non-slip grip on the seat where the baby sits !!!!! Every time we use it , we think that . In the beginning , our baby would lean forward and back and his bum would slide all over the place . This seems like a simple thing for the mfr . to add . We started to put some of our bathtub 's silicone gripper onto the seat to help this problem . But this seat would be so much better if it had that built in . -- The 3 toys on the top are nearly useless and our baby is leaning over the front grabbing the toys in the tub anyway and all those toys do is make his chest red from poking him and rubbing against him . Get rid of them ! Everyone has their own tub toys anyway.With all of this said , we still use this bath seat regularly simply because there are very few -LRB- if any ? -RRB- other options . It still functions well , but definitely has some flaws !
 The picture of this product shows abundant space for the child 's legs . The product I received is the same upon first glance , but there is a MUCH smaller space between the seat and the top rail . The green part on the actual bath seat is much bigger and makes a much smaller space for my son 's legs . I had a hard time getting him in and getting him out was almost impossible . I got this bath seat b/c my son had outgrown his other one -LRB- he has some chunky thighs -RRB- and this one looked to have a lot of room for big legs . If you have a chunky baby , this will not work for you . Juvenile Solutions
 This little seat did n't stick to well to the bottom of my tub and i had to hold the back down the entire time . Every time my son would reach forward the back would lift up and almost flip out . its hard to bathe him when your hold the seat down the whole time . Would not recommend .
 First of all , I do n't write reviews for many things , but I felt I should warn other parents about this seat !! I got this in the mail last week and I was so excited to try it out with my 6 1/2 month old son . My first complaint , is the usual , the suction was awful !! Granted , I have a textured bath tub , but it is not a non-stick , so the suction still should have worked well . I tried it dry , wet , damp , not matter what , it would stick for a minute then be completely loose again . With my son sitting in it , it would stay down , but not suction , and if he leaned forward at all , the whole seat would proceed to flip over if I was n't holding on to it . Second , the T-bar in the middle is really skinny and thin , which is good because you can reach under there and clean your baby , but on the other hand , my `` floating '' baby would float forward and ram his private 's right into it . This did n't seem to bother him much , but he was so happy to be sitting upright in the bath and playing with his toys , I do n't think he noticed much . And lastly , my biggest problem with this seat is the stupid little toys attached to it in the front . These toys do absolutely nothing and my son did n't even look at them ! They are pointy and sharp and scratch and push into the baby 's chest as they lean over the front . The few times I put my son in it , he would come out with his chest bright red each time . I guess overall , it serves its purpose , but I feel like I spend more time trying to make sure the seat does n't flip over and my son is n't getting injured somehow ! Regardless , I am sending this seat back tomorrow and ordering something different !!
 The chair is helpful for baby to sit in and play , though I had to stick a folded towel down the back to make my 6 month old fit snuggly . However , when I went to wash him , I found it was very difficult to wash below the waist . So ultimately , the chair is not very useful for bath time . Maybe a baby bath tub would be better .
 This is one of the rare times that I write reviews here.This time I knew item was not sold by Amazon itself but unfortunately for me I did n't read review and as I do most of the time.This item arrived with scratches and in what appears to be a wet box . I purchased this item as a present for my friend and obviously ca n't give it in such condition . Only at this point I read reviews and learned it is available at BedBath for 29.99 That 's one I did n't expect to see on Amazon - price to be twice the retail price.Very unhappy . Still would return and purchase at BedBad , because even with nonrefundable shipment , 10 % restocking fee -LRB- for a scratch item -RRB- comes out less than just having this item replaced.Read reviews before buying .
 I think this item has a good purpose but not safe for babies . I got one because it was a good price but never wanted to use this product aftet I saw a bad review at the consumer report about this product for its safety . Before you buy this , reserch it more !
 This same chair is available at Bed Bath & Beyond for $ 25 . -LRB- And frequently you can find coupons to BBB too . -RRB- Great chair - just do n't buy from this retailer . -LRB- Most are temporarily out of stock until the middle or end of January - if you must have now baby catalog has it for $ 35 - google it & you will be shocked by all the low prices ! -RRB-
 I do n't get the pricing on this . First of all the blue model is $ 56.00 vs. the pink model which is $ 48.98 . The only difference I can see is the color . Secondly , this is n't worth $ 56 . BuyBuy Baby sells them for $ 25 , which is much more reasonable for the product .
 got my product ... it was broken ... seller said he would replace and send me out another one but three weeks later still havent got it ! Called the seller and they said there werent any in stock ... am getting refund ... or so they said !
 A friend gave me the seat that she used for her daughter ; glad I did n't spend the money on it myself . First and most importantly , when my daughter -LRB- who can sit on her own -RRB- was in it she immediately slid around in it and seemed to land so her little girl parts were racked by the center ` bar ' . Completely unacceptable . Seems that if they have to put that center bar there they would make the seat with a more gripping surface or tilt it to the rear just a bit . Also , this seat is designed for modern plastic tubs . Does fine in the one tub in my home , but wont stick to the old clawfoot tub and the tub bottom is too curved for it .
 I bought this for my grandson . This product did not work out for us . The suction cups will not stick to a tub that has a non slip surface on the bottom . Both tubs at my house and my son 's house have non slip surfaces -LRB- rough bottom -RRB- . We 're hoping to donate this to someone who can use this .
 My neice used this seat and my sis-in-law loved it , so I bought one for my daughter . She ended up with scratches on her legs that she received from this chair when trying to reach out for toys floating in the tub . I put the seat away for 2 years and tried it again on my son . After 1 use he recoved a huge scratch on his thigh !! Maybe I just received a faulty one , but I felt complelled to submit a review . I am now looking for an alternative seat for my boy -LRB- who is 8 month old -RRB- .
 Save your time to read - hard to open the cover , easy to break ! Save your money and buy another products.I do really hate this product after I bought three packages from my local hardware store within a year . I am so happy that I suddenly remember to go to Amazon to search another those kind of products .
 I have a 2 year old daughter and we got the covers about a week ago . I was cooking dinner and she came up beside me and surprisingly popped the cover open . And as toddlers do , once she got a reaction from me , she kept doing it ! I am currently looking for another brand . ~ Amanda , Vermont
 I do n't think this is a safe product . My 13 month old opened the knob on the first try right in front of me . Not a useful product , badly designed .
 - As soon as we installed the covers , the first thing my husband and I noticed was how difficult they were to open for cooking . The plastic tabs you need to push on to open the covers do not give.-The covers come apart very easily at the hinge and fall off , exposing the stove knobs.-The covers are not heat resistant . That does n't make sense to me since they are meant to be used on stoves . If you leave the oven door open for just a few minutes , or if your oven has vents under the knobs , the covers melt and warp right away.-The worst part was , my 9 month old daughter was easily able to pull the covers -LRB- with knobs -RRB- off completely.-Since I originally wrote this review on April 23 , 2005 , this product apparently now has adhesive backing to mount the product onto the stove . This may have fixed the problem I had with my daughter being able to pull the knob covers off.-Otherwise the product is exactly the same as it was . I still would not waste my money on this product for my new baby.-Since my last review of this product on April 23 , 2005 there is also finally a `` Safety Information Warning and Caution '' statement on the product description page addressing some of these issues now . Well it 's about time !
 What a pain ! My daughter could open them no problem , luckily because it was so easy she was n't interested in it . You have to take them off to use the broiler . Like another reviewer said , it 's easier just to remove your knobs ... do n't waste your money .
 These covers are a total waste . The clear plastic lids fall right off and are a constant struggle . It is less hassle to just take the knobs right off the stove .
 We thought that these were the same Safety 1st knob covers that we had purchased two years ago . Those were larger , and were very easy to open with one hand , using minimal force . These are much smaller , barely cover our knobs , and are nearly impossible to open with one hand . One of us CAN NOT open them without pulling the knob off of the stove , the other needs to stop cooking and concentrate on the proper amount of force to apply in order to open them.Overall , these knob covers are very good at covering knobs , and preventing little fingers from turning them , but they are not very good at letting you use the knob in a manner that will permit cooking.Take a little more time and look for the larger , easier to open Safety 1st knob covers -LRB- with a thumb-sized push-pad -RRB- .
 I can not for the life of me even open these covers . My fingers hurt from trying so hard . I think I 'll return these and stick to taking off the knobs like i had been doing . What a waste of money ! : -LRB-
 Nice thought , but my 20 month old has no problem pulling the covers open and exposing the knobs . Safety 1st needs to go back to the drawing board with this item .
 Unfortunately , these knobs are such that they only work on certain stove knobs . If I put the knob thru the plastic , I can not turn on the stove without taking the knob off , plastic cover off , and putting the stove knob back on . It 's just as easy to take the knobs off completely and put them on when I need the stove . Waste of money .
 The only other cover I could find would n't fit my power strip so I ordered this one . It seems sturdy and does fit fine , but the opening is way too big . My 8 month old could definatly fit at least a few fingers all the way in and touch the plug in no problem because I could . I decided to keep it and put clear packing tape around the opening .
 Really ? How could this possibly be useful ? I saw somebody else post that the baby 's hand can fit inside and I thought they were exaggerating . Really , I can reach my fingers in easily or poke a metal object through even easier . The baby 's whole hand fits through the giant gap . Plus the thing is huge . Like almost as big as a shoe box . And really ugly . I do n't know what we 'll replace it with since the others do n't sound better , but I know there is no point in decorating my living room with baby proofing for show . There 's no way I could leave baby in there with this while I was out of the room , so I might as well just leave the cords as is .
 It 's funny how many people have positively reviewed this . Yes , it 's very convenient , easy to use , and fits well . What it does n't actually do is effectively COVER the plugs ! It 's trivial for a small child to fit their entire hand in the rather large opening . In fact , I just plugged something in without having to remove the cover . If I can fit my hand in there , so can a child . And it does n't even begin to protect against a child sticking a metal object in there . This product is , in a word , worthless.I recommend getting one of the power strips that has sliding covers on each of the individual outlets , or simply placing standard child-proof covers on the outlets of your existing power strip . But please do n't use this product and think you are adequately protecting your child from shocks .
 This powerstrip cover is pointless . Any child can get their hand in it and get shocked .
 My nine month old just pulled three plugs out through the large opening in the top of the cover . I plugged them bag in without opening it - as another reviewer remarked it it easy for a baby to stick their hands in .
 Seriously , I just got this , and this product is not worth a single penny . It is too bulky and gets in the way . Even when it is on its smallest setting ! Not just that , but there is a large opening at the top for the cords to fit through , but the gap is so big , my kids can still unplug the cords and play with them .
 I bought this power strip cover to protect my toddler from the power strip we have under a chest in our living room . The design is sturdy and fits our power strip perfectly , it is also easy to put together . But it has two big minuses :1 . Its height . The wires can bend but this is about 1 inch higher than the plugs , so if you want this to go under a piece of furniture you may want to consider whether it fits under or not . It barely fits under our chest .2 . THE REAL ISSUE
 Length :
 It can only fit small cords and regular plugs so if you have a power strip or a larger plug - it does not work .
 These were a complete hassle to pry apart just to install them . My mom and I each held a side and pulled , but nothing . I finally had to shove in the latches as far as I could to get them apart . Since that seems to be the only way to take the cover off , I had to leave the latches pushed in , defeating the purpose of keeping kids from pulling them off . Definitley something I would use as a permanent fixture . It 's too much of a hassle to take it off every time you need to plug something in . I plugged in what I needed to and have not intention of switching them up .
 These things are awful ! I ca n't even get them apart to install them . I even had my husband try and he could n't get them apart either . I know it 's suppose to be baby proof but come on ??
 There are two pieces to the outlet cover
 This cover only works for standard size plugs with thin cords . I could not find the size anywhere in the description . If I was covering a small plug this cover would be great but I was trying to cover a large 3 prong cord . There is not enough room in the cover for the plug to fit .
 I am not impressed with this outlet cover at all . I have a couple of issues with it that include poor construction of the product and the potential fire hazard.First off , we have an older house and the outlets in my daughters room are horizontal and just above the molding . This product is very bulky and we had to cut away the molding just to make it fit.Another issue I have is the fire hazard warning . This product works if you mean to just plug in a TV and only use the two plugs in the wall or just one and your plug-in are more modern . You can not use this product with a power strip though . I find this really stupid because they sell another safety product that covers a power strip . So I can protect my toddler from the power strip , but not the outlet that the power strip is plugged into . How stupid is that?My last issue is the fire hazard in general . You can not plug in anything over 600 watts -LRB- from what I read -RRB- . That means , we can not use this to cover the plug-in for her space heater.All together I would not recommend this product to anyone . And I find it really aggravating that Safety 1st would make products that are not compatible with one another . It totally defeats the purpose if I can protect her from one thing and not the other .
 I bought this thinking it was a great idea but you ca n't use it with any plugs that have a larger than standard plugs . I feel everything of my children 's has an oversize plug that goes in the wall . Have yet found anything to use it for .
 I thought these would be great , but they only install over the outlets via the center screw . Our house has all `` Decora '' outlets which do n't have a center screw . It would have been perfectly simple for the company to add top and bottom screw holes so we could use these . Please check your outlets before ordering !
 I attempted to pop this thing open for about 20 minutes then gave up . It took both my husband and I 10 minutes to finally pry it open . Yes , it 's childproof , but also adultproof too which is not convenient at all . It also does n't fit all outlets . I ended up getting the Safety 1st covers because they do n't have the sides that have to go into the wall , instead they protrude out .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . It is flimsy and difficult to open . It does n't `` fit '' the plug very well .
 Due to the design of the catches , this cover is not functional . The manufacturer obviously did n't use humans under real conditions in testing their design.If I can not open the cover then I can not put the cover on the outlet and obviously can not use it . Even if I could manage to open it , the slots intended for the cords to exit the cover are too small for anything much larger than zip cord . If you have a standard power strip or surge suppressor , those holes would need to be modified.These are the kinds of mistakes that make you wonder how the designer and product manager ever got past the burger flipping stage of their lives . It should be simple to design a functional outlet cover that humans can use . That this design was ever presented as workable identifies failures in supervision and management . That it ever went to market is the result of unforgivable failures at several critical levels for the manufacturer . Obviously I can not suggest anything from a company that can not do the simple things right .
 Cover comes off way too easily , you barely have to pull . I took them back right away and got these instead , they work much better : http://www.amazon.com/Safety-1st-48301-Adapter-Cover/dp/B00005U8T7/ref=sr_1_10?s=baby-products&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1290643518&sr;=1-10
 Disgusted . The delivery looked very worn but we did n't think the damage was going to be more than superfacial so we gave it to our daughter . The unit inside was damaged ... scratched sides , bent drawer guides and missing half the directions . It looked USED ! Never again .
 Disgusted . The delivery looked very worn but we did n't think the damage was going to be more than superfacial so we gave it to our daughter . The unit inside was damaged ... scratched sides , bent drawer guides and missing half the directions . It looked USED ! Never again .
 Disgusted . The delivery looked very worn but we did n't think the damage was going to be more than superfacial so we gave it to our daughter . The unit inside was damaged ... scratched sides , bent drawer guides and missing half the directions . It looked USED ! Never again .
 Good product but had to buy it from loacal store weeks ago . It 's been about to ship for 1 month now as the only reason I have n't canceled the order is I 'm curious how long if will take to actually ship to me . With a young family we can always user wipes -LRB- assuming they arrive with the next couple of years -RRB-
 its been almost two months since i placed this order and i am yet to receive this product . i didnt want to cancel it cause it may affect the discount i received on the other items i received from the order . i dont know if this comment will be read by your customer service team , cause i 'd surely like to know when i 'll be receiving this item .
 Ca n't ship an item that has been ordered two months ago?It 's not like it 's rare precious jewels or something.It 's diapers !!!!!
 This is absurd . Amazon really sucks at selling and shipping baby products . Do not buy baby products from Amazon . I placed an order for a quantity of 1 on the 19th of January 2007 it is now March 1st 2007 and no product . Wonder what would have happened if I chose Free shipping .
 I got this stroller from a friend , brand new . I took it on a test drive to Disney land for 6 hours . After one day , a wheel is bent , and my arm is totally killing . I have larger kids -- 42lbs and 28lbs . There is no way this stroller could hold the maximum pounds . I was counting on this because my younger child has special needs and will be in it for a while . The manouverability is rediculous . The parent cup holder is not in a workable spot if you put your diaper bag on the handlebar . Folding it is very difficult unless you 're a houdini . I think that 's how my wheel got bent . What stroller damages itself when folding ? This one ! The storage is inaccessable , um need I go on ? OK . I will . In the middle of the night I woke up with the most excrutiating pain in my arm.Thinking of this one for big kids -- ie , not new born ? Just DO N'T !!!
 I think this gate will probably live up to its promises if installed at the top of a staircase , with nothing in its path . In that case , you can just turn the knob and knee it open . Nice and easy , especially if you 're holding a baby . However , at the bottom of the staircase , it 's a different story . As far as I can see , there 's no way to install it at the bottom to prevent it from hitting the stair when you push . This is a big deal , because the knob requires effort to turn , and a vise grips to pull . This gate is very , very difficult to open when going up stairs holding a baby.Also , though it will attach to an iron railing with the proper kit , it is n't easy . Actually , if you get the adaptor kit Babies R Us sells , you 'll need two , which adds $ 20 to the price . Plus , you 'll need a trip to the hardware store to get caps to place over the screw tips and probably the wing nuts . It took me over two hours , though , having installed one , I think I could shave an hour the next time.It 's a safe gate and good in some circumstances , but falls far short of The First Years ' promises in others .
 Like several other reviewers here , our gate installed and functioned wonderfully for just over a year -LRB- i.e. , until just after the warranty expired -RRB- , then the unlocking knob broke . There is no way to fix just the knob/locking mechanism -LRB- it is riveted together -RRB- . Recommend you pass on this one . I noticed they do n't even sell it anymore at the Babies-R-Us or Baby Depots around here .
 Just wanted to add one more of the same for the record . -LRB- I read reviews from 30 people who had the same problem as us before I stopped counting . -RRB- Do not buy this gate . The locking mechanism WILL break . It is a great gate while it lasts but it does n't last long . My daughter is not yet 2 and we have gone through 2 of them . The company was great and replaced the first one quickly -LRB- though being without a gate for even a week was still very inconvenient not to mention scary -RRB- . I called today about the second and they will not replace it again . I really do n't understand how the product can still be sold . The only reason this gate is receiving the average of 4 stars it currently has is that too many people have written their reviews before their gates break . Let them give it another month or two and they 'll be as angry as the rest of us . The gate will break . First Years knows that it will , yet they still sell it . From now on I will be avoiding all of their products like the plague . You should too .
 Gate does not last for more than 3-4 months ... . I bought 2 and one lost a knob after 1 month ... . The second lost both knobs after 4 months ... the gate worked great but does not stand up to heavy use
 ... the knob broke . We have owned this gate for a little over 2 1/2 years and it worked like a dream ! It is currently installed at the top of our stairs and has kept our 4 year old and 2 year old safe.Then this past Sunday morning , the entire family was upstairs , the gate was shut and the knob stopped working . Luckily we were able to pry it open using a pair of tweezers to push the latches down while pulling the gate open . I do n't dare imagine what could have happened if the gate decided to stop working during an emergency!While looking for a replacement gate , I can not believe all the reviews stating the same thing - breaks after 2 1/2 years ! As stated in other reviews it is put together with rivets so any attempt at fixing it results in breaking the gate even further.If I were buying a new gate for the first time I would stay away from this product - unless you only need it for a couple of years!Unfortunately for me , I am stuck buying it again -LRB- to avoid putting new holes in the wall -RRB- and hope the next time it breaks it will be time to take the gate down for good . Good Luck !!
 We loved this gate for the 2 years it worked . Last week the latch broke in the locked position . I am shocked to find that MANY other people have had this exact same experience . This gate poses a significant fire hazard if , no ... WHEN it breaks . THIS GATE SHOULD BE RECALLED .
 Like so many others have said , this was a great gate right up until it broke . Each time the issue has been the lock freezing in place . We are now purchasing our 5th one in 3 years , the previous 4 having broken after varying lengths of use . Each time a gate has broken we 've pondered what to do because we do n't want to drill lots more holes for gates that might be equally disappointing , but we dare not go gateless with two toddlers and their not surprising interest in the stairs . Argh !!!
 As with all other reviews , our gate worked well for a while then the latch broke as well . There is no way to fix it . The company did nothing to help us with the situation , except to suggest that we buy an whole new one . No thanks!I would encourage anyone who has purchased this gate to send your complaints to the company , as I am doing . Though the company says they have made improvements to the product , the gates are still breaking and should be recalled . Their representative told me there is no reason to recall the gates since it is not a safety issue , however , they advertise its use for the top of stairs ! I called The First Years , and they said to send your complaints to : Judy PauletteRC2 The First Years100 Technology Center Dr.Suite 2AStoughton , MA 02072
 HiWe bought this one in early 2004 . It is built very sturdy . It lasted about a year before the lock failed . I called them up and they wanted some code off the plastic -LRB- Year it was made ?? -RRB- , and I was told to send in the knob -LRB- s -RRB- and BAM I got a whole new gate sent out . NOTHING was said about me ` buying ' a new locking mechanism.The explanation I remember was some supplier used the wrong plastic or something . Now the replacement has failed and I guess they arent bothering with explanations now , 90 days is it.If you want a short term gate that will break with NO notice and leave your house precariously divided , Then this is it.I am PO'ed because this is the second one to fail and obviously they have a problem on their hands -LRB- Since I now see I am not alone -RRB- . They should just stop making them.Tony > : -LRB-
 I have 2 of these gates for my stairs , along with several other types also from this brand . I very much like the gates function wise , but their customer service ensures I will not purchase from them again . My top stair gate is defective , and stopped locking after 3 months . The company would repair or replace it once it was sent in . They sent me a mailing label , but I have to pay for packaging this huge gate . What ticks me off is that obviously this is a necessary safety product . Sending it in for repair leaves my stairs open for a month or maybe more without a gate . I 'd like to send them the gate and go purchase another immediately . They will not reimburse me for a replacement . Obviously allowing my child to fall down the stairs for a month is n't an option . This is a poor excuse for a resolution . They manufacture and sell me a defective product , and I 'll get top pay for it twice . Some satisfaction guarantee .
 All the reviews say the same thing . They locking mechanism stops working . It ca n't be fixed or replaced . I 've had two of them fail in less than one year . Do n't buy the gate . They are horrible .
 My husband and I purchased two of these gates when our first son started crawling . They have worked very well for us -LRB- he 's almost 2 now -RRB- until the other day when one of the locks broke in the locked position . -LRB- I was surprised to see so many posts today with the same story , yet this gate got great reviews last year -RRB- I had planned to contact the company , but it sounds like many people have gotten the ` run-around ' in dealing with them.I agree with another post by the pediatrician ... this is a great concern if you have to leave the gate closed in a locked position . Not only is a fire of concern , but having to climb over the gate with my baby -LRB- 6 months -RRB- requires a bit of acrobatic skill . Given the gate is at the top of a stairway , I 'm hesitant to climb over it with a baby in tow , so now , we leave the gate open , which defeats the purpose of the gate in the first place . Frustrating , to say the least.I guess we 'll be looking for another gate since we 'll need one in place for at least another 2 years .
 The gate worked fairly well until it broke 18 months after use . The handle knob became stuck and you could no longer turn it to open the gate.While it was working , it did prevent our 2.5 year old from ever being able to open it .
 bought this less than a year ago and lock broke just like all the rest , i 'll have to open it up by drilling the rivets to see if I can fix it . I swore the warranty on the box said a year but now their website says 90days warranty ! how lame is that ! very very dissatisfied with this thing . now I have to take it down and leave drill holes in my stair rails . do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY this thing !
 This gate only lasted through one child . The lock broke after , probably a year . Then we resorted to holding it closed with a bungee cord . Then the mechanism that stops it from swinging over the stairs broke , so now it is just a worthless gate bolted to our wall . This gate sure seemed heavy-duty when it arrived , but the plastic mechanisms inside just do n't hold up , which I did n't expect for the price ! So now I am shopping for a new , and different , gate !
 Just an FYI
 I purchased two of these gates for the top and bottom of a long open staircase . The bottom one is still working but this AM the top one , as I turned the knob to get through , broke ! The spring inside the sealed handle portion SPROING ! Now the gate will lock but will not unlock , in fact , you can not even turn the knobs at all . Seems like this is a well-known issue so I will be interested to see what happens when I call First Years to ask about this . However , I am assuming I 'll be heading out today to buy a new gate to replace it - but definitely NOT this one!FOLLOWUP - First Years is aware of this problem and upon calling them they had me read some numbers off the unit and sent me a whole new gate after having sent them them the knobs . Good customer service .
 We bought this gate two years ago , first one lasted about 9 months , bought the second one to replace it , it lasted about a year , needed to replace it yet again . Will not make the same mistake again ! The plastic pieces that attach to the walls break very easily . Spend your money on a different gate .
 We have now purchased 3 of these gates over a less than 2 year period . 2 of the three gates have broken . As detailed in numerous reviews , the cheap locking mechanism freezes in the locked position . The company does not stand behind its products and I would recommend avoiding anything else this company sells based on the experience with this one product .
 I ABSOLUTELY do not recommend this produc to anyone . I have read more bad reviews on this gate than I care to count and they all say the same thing . The locking mechanism gets stuck in the locked position rendering the gate useless ! First Years does not stand behind this product when confronted and continues to manufacture and sell this gate knowing that it is dysfunctional . We also found out how unsafe this was when we could n't get to one of our daughters in her room on the other side of the locked gate . We did , of course , just climb over after a moment , but for a 5 footer like me , that was no easy job . We will be purchasing a new , different gate in the morning . Again , DO NOT purchase this product . I am disappointed that anyone is even still selling it .
 Two big problems I have encountered : The template provided mismatched the two sides so they failed to line up . I see some people have n't mentioned this , so I 'm not sure why some templates would be correct , and some not , perhaps two factories ? Not sure . I did triple check all measurements to make sure I did n't mess up , and sadly , the error was n't on the customer side.Once I compensated for this problem , with new holes , one of the screws broke in half while trying to attach the locking bracket -LRB- yes , I pre-drilled and was tightening by hand -RRB- . I would have shifted the gate over slightly , but our stairway setup does n't allow for this . Basically one shoddy product component stopped me dead in my tracks.After reading about some of the other durability issues , and my own experiences , I 'm wondering how this got such high marks in Consumer Reports .
 This is probably the worst product I have ever bought.With two children 16 months apart , I knew I 'd need an installed gate for our ground floor . Based on the ratings in Consumer Reports and the reviews on this website , I eagerly purchased two of these to keep the kids in our living room.The instructions were very clear and I was looking forward to installing the gates . I figured it would take time but if I followed all the steps , it should be simple . Nothing could 've been further from the truth.We used the templates provided by The First Years and they were of no use . I ended up drilling and re-drilling in all four walls . One wall we had to replaster and I will have to repaint when I have the time.We had to make TWO trips to Home Depot to get replacement screws . The heads of the screws provided in the box continued to break whether we used a power screwdriver or tried to install them by hand . Fortunately , we never had a problem with the Home Depot screws.Please , I beg you not to waste your money on this product .
 Poorly made and I broke 4 of them in the first year
 When advertising a baby gate it is very important to have measurements available for the customers . I think it would benefit the company if this was available . I have decided not to by this and other gates from this page because of that reason only .
 I would buy this product if I could only figure out how wide it is !
 After reading the reviews here , I think we are lucky to get 3.5 years out of this gate . Just as in other reviews , the knob frozen one day and I had to open it with 2 screw drivers while my daughter howling beside me . I have dealt with the Customer Service and she wants me to present my receipt to show I bought this gate before they changed to the stinky 90-day policy then she would replace the gate for me . Of course I do n't have the reciept and I do n't want this gate in my house any more . I believe it is a safety hazard once the knob stop functioning and should be recalled . I want to encourage everyone who has the same experience not only writing to their CS dept but reporting this product to US Consumer Product Saftey Commission & the Consumer Report just as I did . That 's hope the consumers ' voice can be heard .
 I bought 2 gates about a year and a half ago . Within 6 months , the first lock broke , today , the second lock broke . It gets stuck in the locked position . The part can not be repaired , so you resort to replacing the entire gate . There are many complaints of this and the warranty is only 90 days . Take note that most of the positive reviews on this product are typically only from people who just bought the item . It is nice while the lock works , but useless and unsafe once it breaks . Good luck if you purchase one .
 This gate seemed perfect at first , until the lock broke within a year . That was okay because the company was going to replace it , except for the fact that in order to get a replacement I had to return it to the company FIRST . During this time , without a gate , I used a pressure mounted gate that I already had -LRB- which is not acceptble for top of stairs -RRB- so I was a nervous wreck until I received the replacement . Now , after more than a year of having the replacement gate , this lock has broken as well !! Not quite sure what I 'm going to do now because I really like the gate WHILE IT WORKS , but It 's been over a year so I 'll have to BUY a replacement . I 'm looking into other brands ... Very Disappointed Customer
 I just noticed a lot of very similar comments posted here ... For me , as with other postings , the knob broke 13 months after purchase -LRB- 9 months after installation -RRB- and First Years refused to replace the part because it was out of the 1 year warranty . Based on the same issues being posted by other people , this is clearly a major design problem . Because of their refusal to accept responsibility , not only will I not buy this gate again , I will not buy a First Years product again .
 We have 4 of these gates . Three of them broke . The latch is flimsy . It is poorly made & can not withstand too much use although the main point of having it is to be able to go through without having to remove a barrier type or climbing over.When it breaks , & it will First Years customer service will tell you to remove the broken part & ship it to them at your expense -LRB- leaving you with no gate -RRB- & IF it is still under warranty they will send you another piece . Otherwise you are out not only the gate but the shipping expense as well.Off to find another brand but plan to stick with names that offer better customer service .
 I would give this 3 stars , but I need to do my part to lower the overall star rating so people will read the negative reviews . Like most people giving low ratings , I also was disappointed when the plastic parts -- of this otherwise very sturdy metal gate -- broke after several months of moderate use . So far my problem has been only the hinges , but after reading other reviews I am counting the days before the lock breaks .
 Very disappointing . We liked this gate as it served it 's purpose of protecting our little ones fro the stairs while we were upstairs . But as I read from other reviews , the dial broke and it is impossible to fix . I would not buy this gate again .
 We purchased 2 of these gates . Each failed after about 18 months of fairly frequent use . We had the same issue that other customers have documented where the knobs froze . I will say that the gate -LRB- not the latching mechanism -RRB- is well built and sturdy . However , the latching mechanism/knob is n't the easiest to use and tends to fail over time . I would buy a different gate .
 We got our gate about 5 years ago . We used it about a year with our second child . Well our third is now crawling and we just put it up again . After 3 days up our lock froze in the stuck position . I was about to buy the exact same gate since I was pretty happy with it before and I thought the age was the problem until I read the reviews . This is a problem that needs to be fixed by the manufacture . I 'll be looking for a new gate now !
 We were very happy with this gate for the first 6 months , until the lock broke . I called the company and they told me that the warranty was only 90 days , but they would send me a new gate as a courtesy . Guess how long the lock on the new gate lasted ... 6 months . Now it 's broken as well and the company told me `` tough luck . '' I wish I had read the reviews , because now I see I 'm not the only one this has happened to . This gate is a piece of junk . Do n't waste your money on it .
 We carefully researched and polled our friends to pick out a safe gate for our stairs . We bought the First Years gate and have had the gate for a little less than two years . We had been very happy with the gate , with the exception of the loud click as it closes , until four days ago . The knobs to open and close the gate have jammed and we can not get the gate opened or closed . Luckily , I have long legs and could climb over!I contacted the First Years to see if there was a trick to unjamming the locking mechanism . I first tried to call and was placed on hold for 7 minutes without an answer . Then I emailed them . Three days later we received this response : `` The locking mechanism for The First Years Simple & Secure is factory installed and not available separately . If the locking mechanism has failed and the gate is no longer under warranty , the gate needs to be replaced . We are sorry that we could not assist you with this request . ad `` The warranty is only 90-days ! How often does something happen within the first 90 days of owning a safety product ? Needless to say we are very unhappy with this situation and feel that the First Years have been very unresponsive . I would recommend getting another brand , as I will be doing first thing tomorrow .
 I am a pediatrician and I feel that this gate is a danger once broken . It is worth noting that we were very happy with the gate over the past two years or so . It broke yesterday in the locked position , so that if the gate is closed it ca n't be opened without unscrewing it completely . As noted in other comments , the mechanism is riveted shut so that I ca n't take it apart and fix it . It is my opinion as a parent and a physician that having the gate stuck in the locked position could present a hazard during a fire or emergency -LRB- one parent who wrote a review had a child with a seizure she could n't reach due to a locked gate -RRB- . I would like for the company to correct the problem , since the working gate is a very effective and appreciated safety tool . I also think the gates should be replaced free of charge . I recommend anyone with a broken gate write to the company , which I have done , to voice our concerns.Judy PauletteRC2 The First Years100 Technology Center Dr. Suite 2AStoughton , MA 02072
 As many of the other reviews , I am very disappointed with the Company `` The First Years '' The gate was great while it worked , but we only had this gate for 13 months and the lock broke . I called The First Years 1-800 number and of course they would n't help me because it had been over a year and the warranty is only for a year . I told the woman that I ca n't believe that something that cost this much money would break after just a year . I let her know how disgusted I was with this product and she did n't care . Do n't buy this gate !!!! You will be spending all that money for something that will only last you a little over a year . STAY AWAY from all The First Years prdoucts because if they know that this gate breaks after a year and keeps selling them , then who 's to say it is n't going to happen with their other products !!
 This gate only worked for 8 months and the latch broke ! The company would not replace it because they only offer a 90 day warranty . They will not even let you buy a replacement part . They want you to buy a entire new gate . What a rip off ! Do n't buy this gate , it is a piece of trash !
 This gate functioned wonderfully until the locking mechanism broke . The `` First Years '' has refused to deal with it , saying it is out of warranty , and that the gate needs to be replaced.They base this upon the manufactured date of the product , not when I purchased it . Notwithstanding that , this is a product quality issue.My comment to anyone out there is never , ever buy a product from a company that does n't stand behind its products .
 We purchased this gate a year ago for the top of our stairs . It was relatively simple to install and worked well , until today . The push button mechanism that allows you to open the gate from either side broke , leaving us with a worthless barrier to climb over . I called the company and they said the piece that is broken is not repairable and the gate is no longer under warranty - which is 90 days . A customer service rep for the company said that particular piece does break from time to time . If you are going to purchase this gate , I would suggest having a screwdriver handy so you can take it apart , or at least push on the locking tabs , so you can get up or down the stairs and not risk going over it .
 These gates required drilling into 90-year old woodwork in my house , and lasted less than 6 months before the locks went snarky . Extremely disappointing , to say the least . After the locks broke , they remained barely functional for a while longer -LRB- knob would move locking mechanism if turned from one side only , strenuously forcing the knob to turn through a loud thwack-click -RRB- , but it was a PITA every time , definitely not fun to open with a sleeping child in your other arm . . And now finally , one of the knobs has completely popped off . Game over.Stay away from these ... or caveat emptor.For me , replacing them means I 'll be patching , repairing and painting over the holes from this one , and then making new ones as I install something else . But , one way or another , I have to install new gates -LRB- definitely from some other manufacturer -RRB- to get our 2nd child through his stumbling years . They do n't call them `` toddlers '' for nothing !
 I hate this gate . We have purchased three gates in the past two years and all three locks have broken , getting the knob stuck in the locked position . The company has replaced two of the gates , but was quite clear in stating that they were no longer covered under the manufacturer 's warranty . I definitely recommend that people do NOT buy this gate . It 's not only a hassle to deal with the lock breaking all of the time , it 's just not right for anyone to spend approximately $ 60.00 on a product that is inevitably going to break in about 12 months .
 I too had the same problem many other 's had with the lock breaking after 11 months . I called the company and they will gladly replace it for free ... AFTER I send the lock in to them . Obviously when I break out the lock we will be gateless , so in the meantime I need to buy another gate to put at the top of the stairs . I 'm stuck buying another one to get a replacement that I wo n't need !
 I thought that the gate was very easy to install and worked great for the first 1.5 years . One evening I went to open gate and heard the `` crunch '' noise . The handle was frozen . Normally I 'd take the handle apart to try to repair , but as other reviews point out , it is riveted so it can not be opened . I was going to buy another gate so could use the same mounting hardware and latch , but with a new born , I do n't want to be doing this again in another year .
 DO NOT - I REPEAT - DO NOT BUY THIS GATE . I have had three of these gates in my house for just over a year now -LRB- or , in other words , just longer than the warranty period -RRB- and within the past month , not one but TWO of them failed in the same irreparable way as other customers report - the latch siezes , never to be turned again - there is no way to open up the housing to fix the spring , because these are riveted shut . We were fortunate in that they both failed while opening , not closing , so we did n't get trapped -LRB- the gates are on our stairs , so hard to climb over -RRB- . The `` parent service center '' -LRB- as they strangely call themselves -RRB- was completely unhelpful - they even acted as though they had never heard of this problem before -LRB- saying only that `` all gates fail eventually '' -RRB- and that they could n't care less if I reported negative feedback on vendor sites . As far as they were concerned , if the warranty is over , it 's over , it 's not their problem , case closed , too bad . Convenient as the gate may seem at first , this gate is way too expensive to have a usable lifetime of just over a year .
 We 've enjoyed this gate for about a year and a half , but the locking mechanism -LRB- the knob -RRB- broke and now we have to buy a new one . It has a one-year warranty , but it should last for at least 3 years -- from crawling to preschool . What really steamed me is that you ca n't just buy the part of the gate that broke -- that would have actually been okay -LRB- and I would have still given it 3 or 4 stars -RRB- -- but you have to buy a whole new one . It 's just a bunch more landfill that the world does n't need and more expense that I do n't need .
 We bought this gate three years ago when our first daughter was born . We did n't use it until she was crawling and moving around , so the gate has gotten about 2 1/2 years of steady , solid use . Originally , we found it very loud when it closed -LRB- we 'd get her to sleep only to have her wake up when the gate closed behind us -RRB- . We learned to close it quietly . About a month ago , however -LRB- we now have a second child who 's just started crawling -RRB- , the knob froze in the same way that others report . At first , it just locked in place , but we could manually turn the knob to make it lock , then the knob just stopped turning at all . -LRB- and with the height of this gate , it 's difficult to climb over it and I wo n't do it while holding my younger daughter ! -RRB- .
 This gate is obviously a way for The First Years to make a profit & lose a lot of customers . The gate will last only as long as the warranty . Then the spring in the cheap plastic knob will break , usually in the locked position . The First Years will do you the favor of having you break this piece out of the wall , ship the handle portion of the gate to them to check manufacture date & then tell you that it is no longer under warranty . So you will be left gateless & out of luck . I have had three of these . Two to close off kitchen/family room & one replacement . All knobs broke . We are now prisoners in the family room & we get to lift the 35 lb toddler & the 25 lb toddler every time we wish to get in or out.Save yourself the horrors & buy any brand but this one . It 's just not worth it to spend $ 60 for a gate that will only make it through the first year .
 This product is nice at first but you 'll find yourself time and time again replacing it just so you do n't have to put anymore holes in your home . I 've bought 5 of them over 4 years . We have an expanding family and this things keeps on breaking . DO NOT BUY , buy something better and higher quality so that you wo n't have to replace in 6 months . PLEASE LISTEN TO THIS REVIEW . IT WILL SAVE YOU .
 This is the first online review that I have ever written . I write because I hope that someone out there will learn from my experience and save money that I have lost on this product.NOTE
 I have been meaning to review this gate since I have been using it for a little over a year . Well , I now have good reason to write a review as the locking mechanism has become non-functional . I opened it up -LRB- no easy feat -- had to drill out the rivits -RRB- thinking there was probably a spring that had come loose . But unfortunately the problem was do to the poor design and can not be fixed due to one of key plastic components breaking . This is quite disapointing since I have only been using this gate for just over a year . I would highly recommend * not * to buy this gate .
 I bought this gate after reading positive reviews several years ago . Now I see there are many negative reviews posted and I wanted to add mine to the list.My son is 2 . We put this at the top of the stairs . The lock has broken twice and is stuck in the locked position . My advice - do not waste your money on this gate . How appalling that the lock breaks at all , but twice ?!!! The first time it broke , I sent the gate back to the First Years and they sent a replacement . This morning I called Customer Service and told them the second gate that we received in December is now broken . The Rep advised it 's not covered under the original warranty as it 's now over a year old . I told the Rep this is not acceptable and asked for a Supervisor . She put me on hold and then told me to pry the lock out and send back and they 'd replace it one more time.We are sending it back for a replacement as we have nothing to lose . But I 'm shopping for a different gate for the stairs as I now have a newborn and ca n't afford to get locked downstairs.Gates I 've read positive reviews on : Kidco Safeway -LRB- 64.99 , carried at Babies R Us -RRB- Cardinal Stairway Special -LRB- more expensive , only can find online -RRB-
 I loved this gate , but the lock mechanism broke in the lock position and there is no way to fix it . I am very disappointed and now have a pressure gate at the top of the stairs until I can find a replacement . Do n't buy!Update
 Like quite a few other reviewers said , the lock on this gate will eventually break - three of our four broke between 15-20 months after purchase . All in the same way , with the knob mechanism becoming stuck in the locked position . Seemed like a wonderful , simple to use gate at first , but what a total disappointment now .
 I bought this gate in September of 2004 . We use it to gate off our living room to keep our twins safely confined . In December , the turning lock system froze rendering the gate unable to open . We had to get the gate open , so my husband popped one side of the locking mechanism off . We contacted first years about the problem and asked them to send us a new locking mechanism . They would n't do this and instead wanted us to send the gate in for repair . This poses a problem as what do we do while the gate is in for repair/replacement ? We have decided to leave the gate in its broken condition as we can open and close it now having popped off one of the knobs . It is not in a critical position like the top or bottom of the stairs so we will live with the problem but are not happy . I read another reviewer with the same problem . This gate works very well for a couple of months after that forget it .
 The gate lasted for about 6 months and then the locking mechanism broke and it 's now a useless climb-over object . I 'd never recommend this gate to anyone .
 Would not recommend this gate !!!!!! We purchased this gate to place at the top of our stairs . Originally we were very happy with it & even bought another one for our deck . Shortly after purchasing the second one , the locking mechanism on the original one broke and the gate was stuck in the closed position . Well , it 's a few months later & the exact same thing happened to the second gate . I can accept that the first one may have been a fluke , but for the exact same thing to break on the second one is not a coincidence . I have contacted The First Years , and even though I purchased the gate in August of 2004 , since I ca n't find my receipt , the warranty is only good for one year from the manufacture date on the gate , which was 11/03 , so I am SOL.Would not recommend this gate !!!!!!
 I 've purchased this same gate 3 times over the last 18 months ! It is a very simple gate to install and very sturdy . Works and fits perfectly at at the top my stairs . One major problem , knob/locking mechanism keeps breaking ! There is no way to fix either since it is rivited closed . I would buy it again until there is a better gate on the market .
 We had better luck than some - the gate lasted about 2 years before the locking mechanism gave out . Called customer service , and they said it is n't a replaceable part . Too bad . It was easy enough to install , and worked well up until it did n't anymore . The click is pretty loud ; we found ourselves trying to close it two-handed to avoid waking up the baby . Disappointed it did n't last as long as we needed a gate - but my daughter is only 2 1/2 and I still need a gate at the top of the stairs . I ' l be replacing it with a different product , obviously .
 Please spend your money on a different gate . There are nice wooden stair gates out there that seem pricey at first , but after going through what we have gone through , I wish I would have gotten a different gate . We have twin girls in a bi-level house . A stair gate is a must . The 90 day warranty is a joke , because naturally , each gate broke after 90 days . Same problem with all four - the knob just wont turn . I will say - when it worked , it was nice . But read other reviews , and you will see the same problem over and over again . Shame on me for buying it again . It just broke this past Saturday , after six months of use . I will contact the manufacturer , but as in the past , I 'm sure I wo n't get anywhere . If enough people complain , perhaps they will change the design . Again , please look elsewhere .
 We purchased two of these gates , for both the top and bottom of our stairs . They did work great for about a year , and then within 2 months of eachother , the locks on both gates broke . After reading other comments on this site , it seems that many other people had the same problem . I believe this will eventually happen to all the gates , since it happened to both of mine . I called the customer service line , and there is only a 90 day warranty on the gates .
 I agree with several other reviews that I have read . It is a secure gate while it 's working . The knob broke after about 18 months and I am now searching for a new gate to block our stairs . -LRB- We also had to return the gate when we first bought it because of a broken knob straight out of the box . -RRB-
 This gate was great for our stairs until the lock broke . We had it a little less than 2 years and just locked up one day in the closed position when I was trying to get up the stairs with my little guy . I called Learning Curve and they said they only warranty it for 1 year ... we did n't even put it up until about 6 mos after we bought it ! They told me there was nothing they can do to help me . The lock mechanism is riveted closed so ca n't even try to see if it can be fixed . This is obviously not just from my use as I see others had the same problem -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- . Keep that in mind as you buy ...
 This gate works very well initially but the knobs will freeze , rendering it useless . I used it for about a year and a half before this occurred . I think the life of a gate should last much longer than that .
 We 've had it for almost 2 1/2 years and loved this gate until yesterday when it broke ... also in the locked position . Eventually I got it to unlock somehow so we could get through . It is now stuck in the unlocked position so we can close the gate , which is at the top of our stairs , but need to be sure our 2 1/2 yr old twins and 4 yr . old do n't open it and fall down the stairs . We are buying another one only because it 's easier to replace than install a new type of gate and needing to drill new holes in the walls .
 We appear to be one of the lucky few who have had this product last over a year -- just over . As with the rest of the unhappy reviewers , the locking mechanism broke and left us with an expensive but worthless gate . We also found the company 's customer service department to be lacking in critical ways , such as customer service . The one thing I have n't seen mentioned yet is what the guts of the locking device look like . Once you crack the thing open , it does n't take a PhD to see that it 's designed so that when -LRB- not if -RRB- it breaks , it breaks in the locked position . Great for minimizing the company 's liability , not great for people who need a gate that functions for two to three years -LRB- read
 I purchased this item about 6-8 months ago . It was a great gate . The metal craftmanship was so sturdy my toddler would occasionally swing on it and it held up fine . I also loved how you could just push it closed and it clicked so you knew it was secure . So , it was really a good gate ... until the locking mechanism broke this weekend . Now , like many others , it 's stuck in a closed position and we have to use screwdrivers to open it -- not a good situation . I did a lot of research and at that time there was nothing but glowing reviews of this item . I ca n't help to wonder if this is an item that wears out over time , or if the company has changed their quality standards . Either way , to have a gate discontinue working in less than a year is unacceptable . I have been looking online for reviews of this item and notice that many of the stores that used to sell it do not carry it any longer , which leads me to believe this is a big problem with this model.I did consider sending it back to get a replacement , but honestly do n't want to have to deal with this again . I 've been researching different gates online and plan to get a different brand .
 We 've had this gate for exactly 2 years . It worked great at first , but just this week the locking mechanism broke and it is now stuck in a locked position . My husband & I have to use a flathead screwdriver to open it . Several other reviews indicate the same problem . I 'll be buying different model this time .
 As has been stated , once the knob breaks the company says you have to buy an entire gate as it 's a none-replacable piece . Although they could simply replace that side of the gate and all would work accordingly . I drilled out the steel and looked inside to see a flimsy spring which had broke as well as a plastic depression on the back of the knob which had broken and did not mate with the internal plastic part . I will be buying another product after seeing this construction .
 I installed two gates in my home . After a little over one year both locking mechanisms broke -LRB- with 3 days of each other -RRB- . The gates must be replaced.The instruction manual said `` if you are not satisfied for any reason , call us ... '' I explained the product failures to RC2 brand and the response was simple
 We loved this gate !! Our oldest is almost 3 and it has worked great until last week when the locking mechanism broke . I hope that we can just get the section with the lock . With our youngest almost 1 we have to get it fixed quickly . My fingers are crossed that the company will be responsive .
 This gate 's knob/locking mechanism failed after only 8 months , apparently a common problem with this product . And while it did keep my son safe before it broke -LRB- he never managed to climb it or work the lock -RRB- , I also found it somewhat difficult to operate . Recommend looking for another gate without such a defective history and one that is easier for the parents to use too .
 Yes , another broken latch review ! We were lucky and it lasted about 20 months . It was a good sturdy gate while it lasted . The latch is stuck in the locked position and The First Years says too bad , it is out of warranty and to go buy a new one ! I wo n't be buying another one of their products ! Their service is very poor!For great service , stick with Mattel Brands like Fisher Price . They have freely replaced broken parts or refunded full retail price on 3 different broken baby/child items -LRB- 2 high chairs and a bouncer -RRB- and ALL 3 were out of warranty !
 We have 2 sets of stairs , so we have purchased 4 of these almost a year ago . The installation was n't too bad and got easier with every one I installed . We love the way this gate works and by ever so slightly installing the hinges at an angle -LRB- i.e. not perfectly verticle -RRB- you can have the gate swing open or shut when it 's not locked . Problem is that we have had 3 of the gates fail in the latch mechanism . One day you 'll shut it , you 'll hear a pop , and it ceases to function . You ca n't open it without jimmying it or taking it off the hinges . I expected better durability from this company . Obviously , they 're not cheap . Anyhow , great gate while it works but you 'll probably buy two while your toddler is growing up .
 My daughter is after everything in my house including electric outlets . I do n't have the hole for screw in outlet . What 's the point of this product at least they have to provide with sticky tape . Knobs cover and corners are garbage not useful.My advise put something heavy behind outlets and other eclectic devices to keep your child away from it .
 It look like most folks bought this item as a Seat for beside the tub , but as a step stool it is quite dangerous ! On the lower level , the stool is quite stable , but on the higher level the whole top colapses !! I purchased this product as it was advertised as a two level step stool , wich is what I was looking for . When I called `` The First Years '' , they were very short with me explaining that in VERY SMALL PRINT on the packaging it tells you not to use as a step stool on the higher level . I did actually read the directions -LRB- which I 'm sure many folks do n't for a simple step stool -RRB- and the warning was n't in that part of the packaging . Anyway , I 'm sure it 's a fine bath seat , but it is quite deceiving and VERY UNSAFE for anyone who might buy this as a step stool and asume they could use both levels .
 I bought this for my 2 yr old to use to wash her hands and brush her teeth . The top comes off too easily when she moves it . It also does n't have nonskid feet , so it slides easily . She has almost hurt herself seriously a couple of times before we stopped using it . It might be great to sit on , but it needs a redesign with an eye towards safety for child use .
 I use this as a stool in my daughter 's bathroom . I do not store items in it . She uses it to get on the potty and to step up to the sink . Please be advised that if your children are as independent as mine is , this item is 2 pieces which means that when they move it the top sometimes comes off and then is loose . Thus when they step on it they will fall and subsequently get hurt -LRB- as my daughter has numerous times -RRB- . I like to use it to sit during bath times but I am in the process of looking for something that is one piece-safety first ! .
 I purchased this step stool along with the `` Munchkin folding stepstool '' . I thought this one would be good because of the adjustable height . The stool arrives set at the lowest setting , and to make it higher , you rotate the top 180 degrees . An intersting design ! However be warned ... the top is somewhat rounded , and if your child steps near the edges the stool will topple and they may fall . This is worse on the HIGHER height.In comparing the two types of stools , the munchkin folding step stool seems much studier -LRB- has not tipped yet -RRB- . Though I am dissapointed in the height of that one.If you are purchasing this simply as a BATH SEAT then it might serve your purpose well . . but as a step stool , there are better options out there ... that you can ALSO sit on by the bath!Hope this helps !
 I bought this booster for my 2 year old daughter and returned it the very next day . First thing I noticed , is that the straps do n't tighten well around the chair , making for a loose fit . Then , the strap that goes around the child 's waist does n't securely hook onto the seat and my daughter was able to wiggle it out of it 's slot in less than a minute . When I took her out , I noticed that one side of the seat had come out of it 's slot . I hate to say I bought it mainly for the price and I 've always respected this brand , but this is just not a good product for toddlers .
 I bought this seat for my 11 month old son and I am taking it back before I even put him in it . While trying to put it together the back and seat of the chair fell out several times despite having them secured in the slots provided . I can only imagine how it would hold up with my 21 lb . son in it , let alone the 50 lb . weight limit that it claims . Also because of where the chair straps are positioned , it did not attatch securely to our kitchen chair because only the lower part of the seat was attatched to the chair and the top was allowed to move . My husband and I both tried securing the straps at tight as we could get them and there was still enough give that the seat could be wiggled off the side of the chair .
 I bought this for my 2 year old who wants to sit at the big boy table . It lasted 2 weeks of him taking the back off and sliding the seat part half off . I did not use the tray so the hole to hold the tray was left open . Needless to say that is where he stashed crumbs . I really like the design and the ease of the straps , but it falls apart to easiely . I think I am going to buy the Fold & Go Booster from Safety First .
 We bought this for our 18 month old . The seat never stays in place , but comes & quot ; unsnapped & quot ; from the sides and back , and my son crashes down to the chair underneath him -LRB- which he thinks is good fun -RRB- . Also , the tray pivots to swing open , but it is not held in to the base very well . Several times my son has been standing next to it and tried to reach up for food , and the whole tray came off , sending tray , food and baby to the floor . I am going to push the manufacturer to recall this product , as I believe it is dangerous .
 My 18 month old was able to unlatch the table and swing it . On one occasion she managed to pull it fully off . Also , since the height is not at all adjustable , she could not sit at the table.We returned it and found a better alternative .
 I purchaed this booster for my son and the day after I purchased it he was able to remove the tray . He also tried to climb up in it and the back collapsed almost causing him to hit his head on our dining room table . I do not recommend this booster because I feel that it is not very sturdy and a child should not be strong enough to fold over the back by pulling on it to get into the seat .
 I bought this seat for my son to replace a safety first chair that I accidently left at Grandma 's . It looked similiar on the box and I love the Safety First Booster . This one was awful . First of all the plastic is flimsy . It does snap together easily enough but it comes apart easy too . My son took it apart several times . The seat base also fell out of it while he was sitting in it . I had already cut the UPC code off the box to send in with a rebate and luckily had not mailed it yet so I took the whole thing back to Target . When asked if anything was wrong I told the saleperson about my son falling and got a `` huh '' . So much for quality merchandise .
 It lasted a year and it goes in the dishwasher and that is all the good there is to say about it . Now the bad ! The pivot point where the back attaches to the chair is poorly engineered and comes off way to easy . Mine is warn to the point that my 20 month old can pull it off when he is sitting in it . First he takes the tray off -LRB- also very easy for him -RRB- and then he pulls the back off . At that point he shimmies out of the straps and is out of the whole thing . Do n't plan on it lasting through more than one child .
 My son has fallen several times while sitting in this chair . The seat on the chair will fall out of the base even when he is sitting still and buckled in . The side mounting tabs for the seat are very small and do not engage the side of the base well . The rear tab also does not fully engage into the base . I have contacted the manufacturer several times and they insist that there are no problems with the seat . The manufacturer wants to use my son as an experiment to solve their design problems . Do not purchase this seat !
 My son started using this booster with the tray when he was around 10-12 months . It was ok then . However , this booster did n't conthas been using this booster did n't grow with him . By the time he was 12 months , he could kick up and pop the tray off . Also , it is not very sturdy on the chair . When we took the tray off , he used the hole where the tray attached to stick his spoon and food . I liked the featured that allowed us to move the seat up so that he would be more even with the table , BUT and this is a BIG problem . It would not stay secure . A little wiggling by the end of the meal and the seat part would pop out of the sides of the chair and fall back down to the chair seat . Dangerous and kind of scary for my toddler . I 'm buying a new seat today !
 I purchased two of these seats for my twins over a year ago when they were about 18 mos or so . I have had consistent problems with both seats frequently popping out of the base units . The sides and back height positions are set at the same levels so that is not the problem . Weight of the children is not an issue as the weight limit is 50 lbs per the specs and my boys are not even close to that.I would not recommend these seats based upon my experience with them .
 I recently purchased this seat for my son because he is `` too big '' for the high chair and I wanted something that would keep him from falling out of the dining chairs ! So we went and got him this big boy chair and he was so excited to sit in it - after the 45 mins of getting it all together right - he sat in it and it pretty much fell apart . The straps get tangled up and hurt his legs and the latch is pretty hard to unbuckle . I am taking this back to get a different seat .
 I bought two of these chairs for my infant twins . They quickly learned how to kick off the tray with their feet , sending food flying everywhere ! I notified the company of this problem and they sent replacement trays , which the babies were also able to easily kick off . A few weeks later , they learned how to pull off the back of the seat and toss that to the ground too . I decided enough was enough and bought the First Years chairs instead .
 I thought this seat would be great for my son , as we do n't have much room where we live , and we would be carrying it back and forth between grandparent 's houses . I was wrong ! 1 -RRB- HE HATES SITTING IN IT ! He fusses and seems extremely uncomfortable .2 -RRB- the arms are much to low ... he hangs over them , and today almost tipped himself over , booster , chair and all ! 3 -RRB- there is NO PADDING on the seat at all ... I 've lost count of how many times he 's hit his head on the hard plastic seat back ! 4 -RRB- the swing tray , which does make it easier to open , also comes off much too easily ... the peg side does not snap in very well , so if the tray is n't latched , it comes off with a touch ... Try putting a sqirming 22 lb baby in his chair while trying to replace the tray 20 times ! 5 -RRB- the straps that attatch the booster to the actual chair can never be tightened enough ... the booster slides all over the place.While this booster is easy to transport from place to place ... I would n't recommend using it very often !
 This chair is very unstable and wobbley . I returned it and bought another one by `` the first years '' that is much more stable and reclines for infant feeding .
 This booster is a disaster . I let my 2.5 year old climb in and out of his chair by himself and after a month the seat kept coming loose and collapsing . You can easily push the seat back in , but it does not stay for long . I admittedly do not use the seatbelt which might help to prevent this problem by limiting the amount of squirming - I 'm almost afraid to use the seatblet now for fear that the seat will fall and he will be hurt by the belt . My son also loves to put food down the hole where the tray can attach - spaghetti is his favorite . There are definately better choices than this - do n't waste your money !
 I bought this seat for my 1 1/2 year old son . The seat constantly fell out . I called the company and they stated that I must not have the straps in correctly . I made sure that the straps were in correctly , but the seat still fell out . They are sending me a box so that I can return the seat to the store . I wish that I had read the reviews on this product before I bought it . Do not buy this seat !
 This seat is a great concept , it just does n't stay together very well . I took it back to the store and they marked it as `` defective '' . For a few dollars more , I got the `` Healthy Care Booster Seat '' from Fisher Price . I 've had much better luck with it .
 I was excited to see that this booster could easily be cleaned in the dishwasher , but my 34lb son keeps falling out . The seat bottom detaches while he is sitting in it . It is horrible . It may be easier to clean , but I will go back to my other seat that has worked well for us for the last year and a half -LRB- Reclining 4-Stage seat by The First Years -RRB- .
 We had been researching booster seats for our 2 year old and we found this seat and thought it was an large enough and sturdy enough for our rambunctious son . Boy , were we wrong . The first time we put our son in it the seat fell apart . So we popped it back into place and all he has to do is wiggle a bit and the seat pops out again . He only weighs 30 pounds and it specs for up to 50 ... I would definitely not recommend this to anyone .
 this idea is nice but , the tray is hard to fit up to your child its tight or too loose were food is in there lap . next the tray is hard to get off and wash . next mine came with a tray to cover or use as a tray , and that is really hard to get off , by the time i got it off i was ready toss it in the trash.unless you are super woman i would not buy
 I bought this seat for my son when he was probably around 6 months old and just starting on solid foods . Ten months later , I hardly ever use the darn thing . It worked okay for us for a little while but it was not one of my better baby purchases . My complaints with the product : - Not particularly sturdy . The backrest portion in particular seems to pop off way too easily . - The straps that secure it to the kitchen chair are annoyingly long and in the way . Not such a problem when the seat is secured to the chair because you can just tuck the straps in somewhere . However , everytime I remove the seat from the chair the straps prove to be a real pain in the rear . And unfortunately it seems I need to unstrap and remove the seat after every meal to clean the bits of food that inevitably end up on the big chair to which this seat is secured -LRB- another complaint -RRB- . - The second tray which pops on over the swing away tray -LRB- at least on my particular model -RRB- is very easily removed by my son . He lifts it up and dumps his food on the floor . The point of this second tray was to make food prep and cleanup easier but it fails miserably . - This seat is not at all sturdy or useful as a stand alone seat . It HAS to be strapped to a chair or it will easily tip over.The good things about this product are that it is relatively inexpensive and is a good spacesaving alternative to a regular highchair which sucks up so much floor space . It is also fairly easy to clean due to the plastic design.Overall it is not a bad product but not on my list of favorites . If I had it to do over , I would have bought a similar type of chair but probably a different brand .
 We bought this booster when my son was 18 months old as he loved to sit like his parents . However , he is a very large boy -LRB- 35 '' and 34 lbs -RRB- and the tray could not fit over his legs comfortably . So we took off the tray so he could sit at the table , and he uses the holes where the tray attaches to stick food . We went back to the high chair without the tray - and he is perfectly happy . We use this seat when visiting relatives which is nice it is so portable , but then spend time afterwards cleaning up the food underneath the seat where he stuck the food .
 The straps for securing a child were worthless , they kept popping out the back . My daughter could n't use this chair until she was 9 months old and now I have to quickly grab her when I swivel the tray open before she throws herself out . The tray is n't very secure , it wants to pop out of the swivel side too easily . And , -LRB- ... -RRB- , the whole left from where the tray pops into to swivel , is just a nice little place for a toddler to stash food . I am planning on buying a different one soon .
 today i returned this item to the store where i bought it . originally we purchased it for our 17 month old so that we would have a chair for visiting family and friends . it worked perfectly until the last few weeks as at 20 months now our daughter has grown up to be 30 lbs . im not sure about any weight restrictions for the chair , but two weeks ago she leaned forward and the strap pulled straight through the plastic part of the chair that is supposed to ground it . just a few days ago she was sitting in the chair eating when out of the blue - the seat let go from level 3 and landed on the cusion of the chair below it . luckily she was not injured however i would reccommend this chair not be used by any child of 30 pounds . infact , i would reccomend a few changes to the safety of this product such as a more dependable method of securing the safety straps to the seat itself in back . another suggestion would be to secure the seat itself to the sides of the chair in a way that was less likely to give way under 30 pounds - even if the child kicks her feet or wiggles.this is a fantastic chair if those two areas were addressed . i loved the style and the portability of it , i love the tray being attached and the fact that it could go in the dishwasher . the only other thing i would reccommend is a portable bag to take it along so that the owner doesnt have to fuss with the straps etc. parents have so much to do already .
 If I do it again I would not buy this booster . There is a hole in the arm rest that is used to attach the tray to the booster . When you are not using the tray there is nothing to cover the hole . Therefore , my son loves to put his food and eating utensils down the hole . It is not easy to clean since the booster is attached a the chair . I would highly recommend buying the Grow With Me - Portable Booster Seat By Safety 1st . We have an older child that had this booster and it was wonderful . I wish we had bought it again .
 We bought this chair to use as a spare for company and to use when we travel . NUMEROUS times it has fallen apart while carrying it . When my 1 year old sits in the chair she is able pull the tray right off . Thank goodness for the straps !! We used it in the park one day and she leaned back hard enough that the back popped off . -LRB- usually it has a chair to use as a back support -RRB- We only use this chair when we have too . Otherwise we use the tot lock by graco . Much more sturdy .
 This yellows after a month and warps . And note that I do not heat them at all . I just wash with soap and water .
 I have been pumping almost exclusively since my baby was 2 months old -LRB- for the past 2.5 months -RRB- . I am now on my third set of these shields . I have never put them in boiling water , the microwave , or the dishwasher - just regular hand washing . But they only last me about two weeks before they completely deform . The rubber stretches and leaves big stretched out bubbles which no longer adhere to my skin . The deforming has caused me significant nipple irritation . I also noticed that these used to be made of a thicker plastic before . My first set is much less flimsy than the other two sets I bought .
 I do n't usually write reviews but these breast shields are so bad , at least in my own experience , I had to warn other potential users . I feel pinching pain when I use them , their color turns to some ugly shade after few uses , they seem to collect dust and lint from god knows where and I am positive I get way less milk with these compared to the orignal shields , which are perfect for me , unlinke what 's listed in other reviews . my 2 cents .
 This breast shield sticks to the skin after pumping very painful to remove after you are finish pumping . The connection between the soft shield part to the nipple tunnel there 's a ridge and scratches against the skin and bothers after 15 minutes of pumping . So painful . I will not buying this breast shield again .
 I 've only been using the shields for 8 months and not on a consistent every day basis . They are wrinkled , discolored , and the soft plastic is separating and disintegrating where it meets the harder plastic . This separation has caused it to develop holes that are compromising the quality and effectiveness of my pumping . While I appreciate the softness of the shields , I will be purchasing the more sturdy regular plastic ones from now on .
 The standard breast shields that come with my FS gave me pain so that I thought I 'd give these products a try!Worst experience ever ! It was comfortable the first time I put them on . But then it gets more and more painful , hurt me even after the pumping . They warp only after 10 times usedI almost cried with tears the last time I used them , I do not pump more milk than normal neither
 Waste of money ! I bought them after my second child was born - ouch ! So painful . I used them once , and then went back to the old one I was using with my first one
 I got the medela free-style pump and these shields come with the pump . After using the pump a few times , I noticed that I had a blister on my areola ! My son and I had not changed anything , so I did not think that it was our routine or set up , but I made an appointment with a lactation consultant just in case . When I showed her the blister , which had popped at this point , she said that it was definitely from the pump shields . She said she hated the softfits and had seen this in other moms as well who used these shields . She recommended switching to the hard plastic shields , which I did , and I have had a much more comfortable experience since . They may be more comfortable for some , but beware the blisters !
 Do n't waste your time or money with this . They are VERY uncomfortable and actually hurt me while pumping with these breast shields ... . I should have listened to the customers who wrote bad reviews on this product !
 With my first child , I used the Ameda Purely Yours pump , which has all hard parts . I now have another child who refuses to latch , so I needed a more powerful pump and opted for the Medela Freestyle pump , which came with these shields . Pumping was immediately painful and I ended up with bleeding , cracked nipples.I switched back to the Ameda and purchased , upon the advice of a lactation consultant , the hard Medela shields in size 27mm . I have relatively small nipples that are n't flat , but are n't huge . The 27mm does n't hurt , but it does weigh me down a lot and seems to be too large , so I am going to try the 24mm in the hard plastic . I also noticed with both the softfit shields and the hard 27mm shields , I am getting more clogged ducts . I hope this will be resolved with the 24mm . In short , although I 'm not positive this is the cause , if you have inverted or flat-ish nipples , I would avoid these shields .
 The plastic is too sticky or grippy , pulls uncomfortably . If the plastic was softer or a more rubber-like consistency it would probably work better , I think it 's a poor design .
 I purchased the Medela Freestyle and began using it May 1st , 2010 after my daughter was born . I pump exclusively 6-7 times a day . These shields are comfortable but wear out very quickly . They warp , turn yellow and wrinkle . My supply was beginning to diminish and I could not figure out why . After trying herbs , drinking more , eating more , I called Medela to ask them if something was wrong with the pump . The representative immediately told me it was probably the soft fit shields . She asked if they were wrinkled and I said they were . She told me that was the problem . I bought two pairs and have not mistreated them at all . I never put them in the dishwasher , boil them or microwave them . I used soap and water and alternated them . I could not believe that nowhere on their literature did it mention not to use them if they become wrinkled.Meanwhile I have had to work VERY hard to get my milk supply back up . It has taken two weeks to get back to where I was before the problem apparently began and I had to use breastmilk I had frozen to keep up with baby . Very frustrating!So , just know that you will be replacing these shields on a routine basis if you buy them . They are hard to find and not carried in very many stores where I live so I have to drive 30 miles or order them online .
 Medela has great products - this shield simply does n't do as much as the `` hard '' ones do . Sure , it is made of a flexible plastic sort of like a nipple to a bottle , so it sounds great and feels great to the fingers , but the down sides of actually using them are : * And most importantly , they do n't express as much milk as the `` hard '' ones do * They sort of stick to you - so you have to THINK before removing them -LRB- insert finger in the side -RRB- so depending on when you are pumping and how sleep deprived you are , THINKING first does n't always happen * Sure the `` hard '' ones leave a `` ring around the rosy '' but so do these soft ones since you have to turn up the vacuum pressure . I actually gave myself a sore spot from the edge rubbing back and forthThe ONLY thing I like these for -LRB- which is why I did n't give it a 1 -RRB- is when I 'm WAAAAAY past due to pump and I 'm feeling like I 've got rocks in my chest . These shields fit slightly better at those times -LRB- since these shields are n't perfectly round like the hard ones , but are slightly oval shaped -RRB- and start the milk to flow with less leaking . After about 5-10 minutes into the process , when my breasts are softer , I switch back to my `` hard '' shields to finish the job .
 I bought a set of pump shield softfit two month ago . I recently found grease matter on the shield surface after I cleaned and steamed the parts . It seems the grease was from the shield materials . The shield surface looks `` sweaty '' . I do n't know what caused it , but have stopped using the product . I would n't recommend this softfit .
 These shields seemed really nice and comfortable , unfortunilty they did not work for me becuase I needed to go up a size with my shield ... . I wish the personal fit shields came as soft fit 's so I could have tried them out to see if they were more comfortable . I did notice for the time that I used these sheilds that even washing by hand and never putting them in the sterilizer bags , they still seemed to warp a little and the soft part of the shield seemed to discolor slightly , I wonder how they would have held up with long term use .
 These are so uncomfortable . They stick to your skin and they made me bleed at the part between the soft plastic and the hard plastic because the flexible soft plastic caused rubbing . Before I started pumping I thought they seemed like they would be more comfortable , but now I know better . I definitely prefer the hard plastic ones and will not use these again .
 I use the 24 mm hard shields as well as the soft shields , and I do n't really notice a difference . The thing is , the part that matters where the nipple pulls through , is hard plastic . That 's where I have problems with both types . I suppose it might be a little more comfortable for some , but it 's about the same for me .
 These are ok . They do what they 're supposed to do and they 're easier than rinsing the pump accessories for us working moms so no complaints there . They are indeed individually wrapped , which seems like a waste . What bothered me is that they are marked `` unscented '' but there is clearly a chemical scent accompanying the wipes . The instructions say that you can wipe your pump accessories down , let them dry , and they 're ready to go . However , if your accessories are still damp from the wipes , then you need to rinse them off . I 'm guessing this is because of the chemicals they use . So once the pump accessories dry the chemicals magically go away ? I do n't know how this works but I 'm not getting them again . Switching to pacifier wipes , they 're cheaper and likely safer .
 I use these wipes at work and they let me discreetly wash my pump parts inside my office . I was happy w / the 24-pack and bought these 40-pack when I ran out , but they 're not the same ! The 40-pack wipes have an unpleasant fishy smell to them , not sure why that could be . They are a bit bigger and seem to work just as well , but I wo n't be buying the 40-packs again , I 'm going back to the 24-packs .
 I have been happy with them , but I still do n't understand why they ca n't give you the valves with them . I aleady had to spend extra to get a personal fit shield . Why shou ld I have to spend even more for the valves ?
 These are marked Medela but come in an unmarked plastic baggie . These do n't come in the Medela box that they should come in . Might be a way for the seller to save money on shipping . But also could indicate a used product . Sketchy to me .
 This item arrived in an unmarked plastic bag instead of the official packaging shown . I ca n't tell if the item is new or used .
 The items may not be new as listed . Please read the fine print . Do n't waste your money .
 New Note -LRB- Sept 3rd -RRB-
 i got stuck once at a conference because I forgot my cones for my pump , so i set out to create an `` emergency '' stock of cones for the pump and car . I bought these connectors . I know there is a picture ... maybe i did n't see it ... maybe it was n't there ... maybe i am not that famililar with pump products ... but I was SOOOO disappointed to find that these did not come with the yellow half circle things that make these connectors work with the shields . ugg ... . then , i was at babies r us and those yellow things cost as much as a fully assembled cone , so i just bought the fully assembled cones ... i am disappionted this did n't come more complete for the price ...
 While these are fine , why does n't Medela include the valve / membranes that you need to go with these ? And , to add insult to injury , Baby , Naturally , which sells this particular set of connectors , does NOT sell the valves at all , meaning you have to pay shipping from an entirely different vendor in order to get them . Very frustrating .
 I think one of the connectors was faulty causing milk to back up in the tubing . So I am not very happy at this point .
 We purchased this for our 6 month old daughter and for the first two weeks she cried everytime Elmo popped up , it scared her . She did get over that but then after a few uses she was bored with it and does n't even go near it . Another problem is that it keeps asking the same question , for example find the green guitar ... and at 6 months , she can not find the items it was asking her to find .
 I wish I had returned it 5 years ago when I bought it . The buttons do n't work most of the time . My second child now uses it and the buttons still are n't right . example it says find the red guitar and you mash it and it does n't do anything . It would be a great toy if it did n't have this malfunction . I 'm getting rid of it this time .
 We just got this for our 7 month old . She loves pretty much anything Elmo and was laughing so much in the store whenever we activated the demo . We were sure that this was going to be her new favorite toy . After we got it home and together for her , she got bored very quickly with it and now will not give it the time of day . The box claims that this toy says over 40 phrases , but I feel as if it is more like 20 . We already put it back in the box and have it ready to be returned for a refund .
 The toy worked great for the first day . Now it will freeze up immediately after putting it on . You change the batteries and nothing changes . I wish I saw the bad reviews before I purchased it . My son really did like it , but it started scaring him when Elmo would freeze up .
 We saw this toy at Babies R Us and it looked like it was a good gym for our baby . We liked how it had many songs and that Elmo slides back and forth and plays peek-a-boo . Our baby loved the gym . He would track Elmo from left to right and bat at the toys . However , after about a week , the music & Elmo started getting stuck . This happens when we left it in `` Soothing Mode . '' This is the mode where the gym plays music continuously for about 10 mins . I thought turning it off and back on would help , but I was wrong . Also , replacing the batteries did n't help either.I read the reviews here after buying it and thought that only some units were defective , but it seems as though most units are defective as many people are reporting the same problem . Good thing we kept the box and Babies R Us has a lenient return policy.Bottom Line
 There are too many problems with this gym :1 -RRB- In continuous play mode , the sounds and motion are disjointed . While one song is playing , something else starts playing over it . It was disturbing to me , and she was not interested at all once it started jumbling up .2 -RRB- In baby-activated mode , it 's impossible to tell how to make something happen -- batting at the toys does n't consistently get results . Sometimes hitting the one on the right will make music play ; sometimes it wo n't . There were times that I got down in the floor and tried hitting all of them without results -LRB- even with brand new batteries -RRB- .3 -RRB- On top of that , it 's very hard to trigger the dangling toys . Our baby could n't make them work , even though she plays with other floor gyms and understands how to bat at things to make them come on .4 -RRB- It is way too loud with no volume control . And when Elmo pops out to say `` peek-a-boo , baby , '' we both nearly jumped out of our skin . There is a long enough lull between when he hides and when he jumps back out that I thought the action was over . It just did n't make sense.I like the idea of a gym she can play on while laying down , then sitting up , then standing , but this is not the one . She can not learn anything from this particular gym -LRB- cause and effect does not apply here ! -RRB- , and she was not even entertained . We returned it and bought the Baby Einstein Lights and Melodies Activity Center , which works on the same principle , but actually works . Our four-month-old loves it and plays with everything on it , although not necessarily the way it was intended to be played with .
 My little girl is now almost 1 year old ; we bought this toy for her when she was about 6 months old because she loves Elmo so much . We held onto it thinking she may like it some day , but it continues to be too loud for her . The buttons are also sometimes difficult to push and the toy is very unpredictable . Pushing the same buttons do not give the same responses each time ; sometimes they do not work at all ; I have tried all 3 modes of play and none of them seem to work correctly . I would not recommend this toy at all !!! This toy was very disappointing !
 My 8 month old son absolutely adores this toy , but he turned over to crawl away with the arch down and it caught his foot between it and the little bit of a base that it has . His foot had to be pushed to the side and then removed . His similar Aquarium of Wonders toy has s large enough space to prevent this . He also pulls up to stand and as this toy has no platform it has started to topple over under his 18 pounds -LRB- his Aquarium ... has a platform and we have had no problems and we have caught him and the toy and prevented an actual fall -RRB- . We have taken the toy from him and we are going to try to take it back to Toys R Us .
 The buttons on this toy get stuck . You press them and sometimes they dont make any sound at all . Real bad quality product . I wouldnt recomend it !
 It seems like there are alot of defective qualities about this toy . Wishing now I had read the reviews before buying , the defect in our peek-a-boo gym is a new one that has n't even been listed here yet . The one we bought has a problem with elmo . To elaborate
 Returned mine : Volume is too loud and ear piercingElmo started talking without touch activation - scared the hell out of me
 We received this as a gift four our 4-month-old son . He loved the Elmo and the peek-a-boo part did n't even scare him . The variety of songs was great too . Unfortunately , he can only use the toy in the laying down position and the three hanging toys do n't work . The sensors that activate the music need to be pushed up but the baby is on his back , pulling down . Unless he hits the toy just right it does n't respond to his pulls . I could tell he was getting frustrated . I was wondering if they even testing this toy on any infants that could n't sit up yet . Truly a shame because he loved Elmo , but we will take this back and try a different gym that will interact with him .
 After the first night , we thought this sleep sack was ok . It fit fine , and the mesh opening at the bottom did seem to keep the boy 's feet from getting too stinky . But there were issues
 I had purchased sleep sacks of various brands before ordering this one through Amazon . When it arrived , it looked nice , but not as good of quality as I would expect for the price . When I started playing around with it , I noticed that the zipper and the overall quality just were n't good enough for me . The zipper pull actually came off . I do n't think this product would have lasted for many washes and wears ! We sent it back immediately . Go with a better known brand . We even bought some of these at Walmart and Target that were wonderful quality and a great price .
 Although there is no interference at all , I would not buy this product again . It is not worth the price as the battery life is about 2 hours and it needs to stay on the stand charging to use it at all . The volume on this is way too low and there is n't anything you can do about it .
 While I still use this monitor , I only use it as a supplement to my video and cheap Greco monitor . When I first got it , I returned it because you could n't hear anything , not even the baby crying !! The second one works better , you can hear him crying if there is NO other noise in the room . This is the the highest sensitivity . I kept it because our house has a problem regulating temperature in the rooms , so I liked the fact that I can monitor the temperature in his room at all times . Otherwise , it 's not worth the $ 200 . Also , the battery life is a joke . It maybe lasts 4 hours , MAX , off of the cradle . I do n't really ever take it off the cradle anymore , and just use our cheap $ 35 graco monitor when I 'm walking around the house . That monitor will last days with the batteries without having to replace them , while the Philips is basically useless unless on the cradle . -LRB- It takes a LONG time to recharge -RRB- . Honestly , what 's the use of a monitor if you ca n't take it around the house with you ?
 I bought this monitor to replace theFisher-Price Sounds 'n Lights Monitor with Dual Receiver . Loved the features , especially the room temperature thermometer and the two-way radio . The biggest issue with this monitor is that the volume is extremely low . I ca n't hear my baby at all ! The main feature I look for in a baby monitor is the ability to hear what 's going on in my baby 's room . With the Fisher Price monitor I can even hear my baby 's breath.Additionally , the battery life of the Phillips SCD 589 Digital baby Monitor is very poor . Even though the instructions say that you should fully charge the receiver and let the battery wear down during the first three uses , the battery still does n't last long enough.I would n't recommend paying the high price for this product , especially if you live in an area with a lot of noise coming from the street or the environment .
 I followed exactly what the manual told on Battery charging but like most of us , got a very poor performance for battery even when unit just turns on less than 25 % of time.Other than the fact I have to carry the power cord around , it is really a good monitor on features , etc. .
 I spent way more than I should have on this product but hey my kids are worth it right ? As it turns out my kids deserve better than this .1 - For the price , there is no reason this bundle should not come with 2 receivers . Very disappointing . Granted I knew it did not have 2 receivers when I bought but for the price but it should ! 2 - The starry nightlight is more like circles with random scratch patterns accross the inside that far from resemble stars .3 - With the sensitivity turned ALL THE WAY UP , the main unit just inches from the babies head and the handset volume ALL THE WAY UP , you can not hear the baby until he is screaming full bore wich is the oppositeof what you wish to accomplish when using a product like this.With all the settings maxed out and the monitor about 12 inches from your head the volume is equivalent to our old monitor , volume less than half from accross the room ??? This renders the system completely useless.They say it is guaranteed with Zero-Interference DECT Technology , which it probably is , we never heard any interference , but if you hold it 12 inches from your head and listen you can hear `` white noise '' so effectivly what they have done is cripple the volume limit to such a low level that you can not here the white noise therefor giving the impression of being `` so clear '' . Very innefective and I would not recommend this product.On another note I am thrilled with Amazon yet again . They were very helpful and understanding with the situation . I had no problems obtaining a speedy refund and that is why Amazon is my # 1 online shopping destination . They truly do take care of their customers .
 ******** BUYER BEWARE ******** Charger basically fries the rechargeable batteries , rendering them useless in a day or two . Been through three sets of after market Duracell rechargeables at this point , since it fried the batteries that come with the unit . As far as I am concerned Phillips owes me my $ 199 plus the cost of batteries I have had to buy . Many others have reported this same problem so read all reviews carefully and notice the trend here , and BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK . Personally , I would recommend staying away from this monitor as it seems Philips has not worked out the problems with it yet . I will most certainly be returning mine , and wo n't even consider looking back on this purchase . Been a nightmare for a couple with a newborn child.Lastly , in regards to the other features . The night light feature is absolutely and totally useless . It would not light up a doll house , never mind an entire bedroom . Does n't even provide the slighest hue of light in the darkest of rooms . None at all , totally useless.I will sum up by saying very simply , the concept of this monitor is superb , and when it works it is clear and sensitive . But chances are it wo n't work for you , and you will have battery/charger problems . Save the headache until Philips actually hires better people to beta-test their products before they are released to consumers . This one is an embarrassment to those involved in it 's development . ********* BUYER BEWARE ***********
 At first we loved this baby monitor . The sensitivitly was great , the parental monitor size small and easy to carry around , and there was no interference . Then we started having problems with the charger bases . They did n't charge on contact . We 'd have to wiggle it to get the red charger light to go on . It was hit or miss . Then one of the parental units died . We opened the unit and found the batteries had melted . I read on these reviews that you 're only supposed to use rechargeable batteries . Either we 're idiots or it it was n't clear that the units could ` nt sustain regular batteries . But even when they had the rechargeable batteries in them one unit had no off the charger life . And even if we had used reusable batteries both base connections stopped working . For $ 200 we should all expect more .
 This product works great , but that comes at a price of potential health risks . The level of EMF/EMR radiation coming from this phone on DECT sinal levels is substantial.Potential health effects can occur . I would n't recommend it for this reason alone . This is like putting a high powered mobile phone mast next to your babies body .
 We bought this because of the interference in our neighborhood and our neighbors sometimes heard our baby instead of theirs , but we returned it because if you are 8 feet away from the monitor you will lucky to hear your baby cry . Also , you do n't even hear that until your baby is in full cry mode , so why even have the monitor!The other features -- temperature monitoring , auto-off from the receiver , and 2 way speaking are great , but what 's the point if the main function is defective ?
 The product is expensive , however it is not reliable . After 3 years digital monitor failed . It is not anymore possible to read temperature .
 This monitor has some of the coolest features that could EVER be on a baby monitor ... telling you the temp in your baby 's room , 2 way , being able to control sound and music from your unit to your baby 's unit , etc. . BUT IF YOU CANT HEAR WHAT YOUR BABY IS DOING , HOW CAN YOU KNOW WHAT YOU NEED TO CONTROL ?? The parent unit , no matter what you change , is so quiet that you can BARELY hear your child . That made this baby monitor not worth the money , fix that one problem , and it would be worth every penny !
 i think there is a known issue with this product . I thought that maybe only a person or two may have a unit that 's not fully functioning but mine is also having that `` not charging '' issue . I charged mine as per the manual 's specified time and the portable unit died in less than 5mins . I 've tried 3 or 4 times since then , each time doing the 16hrs charge time without luck . I would like to return the product but i have since shipped it out of the country . I called Philips and they told me that the warranty is void once it leaves the country . huh ?! anyway , they will still help me but now i would need to ship the whole unit to them since they are a pair ... which is going to cost a whole lot since I 'm halfway across the world . watch out when buying this baby monitor . it seems like a good quality monitor and the sound is clear , however you run the risk of getting a non-functioning one . btw , i went and charge the batteries in a sony charger and the system worked but that would mean removing the battery each time since it would only last around 9 hrs each charge . i wish i can just fix whatever it is they screwed up when they were manufacturing this . obviously there is an issue ` coz i 'm not the only one . read the other reviews out there and you 'll find out . you 've been warned .
 This monitor has a serious flaw . Initially , we were using an inexpensive Fisher-Price monitor . The monitor picked up cars going by , sirens , etc and we thought that was too much . But , we heard everything that went on in the crib . If the baby gurgled , we could hear it . We knew when the baby was getting ready to wake up by the rustling . Then we got the Phillips monitor . First off , $ 200 is robbery . But I paid it . New parent and all . THe monitor has whats called a `` gate ''
 Let me start by saying I have never owned another monitor so the interferance issue that people have with other brands I have never experienced . And this monitor works GREAT for that . I have none at all , however , the monitor would not stay charged in my first one . I changed batteries and that did not fix the problem . I might have gotten 2 hours out of it , maybe . It rarely came off the charger with a full charge . So Phillips replaced the whole thing , I do have to say I had no problems with them just sending me a new one . However this one will not tell the right temp . at all . it was broken from the day we got it . now for two hundred dollars I do have to say I would think everything would work and that is not the case . I guess if you want to spend two hundred for no interferance than this is worth it .
 Not too happy for the price versus performance . We have had this monitor for 17 months and of course everything began to fail after warranties expire . It works great until then . My guess is very poor manufacturing processes of the electronics . That is why you see so many good reports and a smaller amount of these bad ones . Basically you take a risk of falling into the 30 % of folks getting defective units with failures occurring after a years time . All said it would be a great unit if the charger would still charge the unit and the LCD display did n't have multiple segments gone , a real guessing game to what the temperature is
 I am just one of those lucky ones like other users , the cradle just own charge up ... when we got the monitor . . it has 1 bar of the battery . . but after 16 hrs of charging . . -LRB- which was instructed -RRB- it went from 1 bar to 0 bar . . man . . Philips . . please do soemthing about it . The recepiton is crystal clear but hey . . if the charging cradle does n't work . . everything else wo n't mean anything any more ! Good luck to others new born parents .
 Ordered the first one . Cradle did not charge . Returned . Ordered replacement . Cradle did not charge again . Returned and Ordered a third one . Amazon wo n't send me a third one because they think there most be a wider manufacturing problem . I see they are still selling it though . Other reviewers report similar problems with charging .
 bought - returned bought - returnedboth units had craddles that did not charge unit .
 I was extremely disappointed with the product . It was difficult and time consuming to put together . Not at all user friendly . The pump itself was not comfortable and a bit painful . After a week of use the pump stopped working . Avent was not helpful at all in the situation . I did not have the receipt ; therefore they were unwilling to send even a replacement part . They did ; however , allow us to send the pump in for diagnostics . Only to tell us the it would cost $ 200 dollars to replace the faulty motor . They were unwilling to fix the problem themselves . I ended up purchasing a medela pump and have found it much easier to use and more efficient . I will never purchase another avent product again .
 I had been pleased with this pump up until recently . I purchased this on May 5th and today is July 27th . The cord has broken and needs to be replaced from the way that it stores . When I went to pump the last time today - suddenly I had no power and upon closer inspection I figured out why . I was very dissatisfied with the Customer Service that I received . If you need to buy replacement parts - they do n't have these available . So with a breastpump that I am dependant on and nearly $ 400 later - I will be bringing all the manual pieces in to work tomorrow . This is completely unacceptable to me . I would suggest buying a medela pump who has proven Customer Service .
 I purchased this pump largely due to the promoted ability to adjust the suction and rate at the handle . While this IS a great feature that I think other pumps should incorporate , the `` cons '' of the pump left me disappointed and I ended up purchasing a Medela Pump In Style instead . Disappointments/frustrations with the Avent IQ included the fact that I never got as much milk as I did with the hospital 's Medela -LRB- 2-3 oz . with Avent versus 4-5 with Medela -RRB- and my breasts constantly felt `` full '' and sore/achey even after pumping . Other minor irritations were that the tubing is very stiff and hard to manipulate , milk gets trapped in the top part under the diaphragm , and cleanup took longer . The bag , pump and setup are also a little bigger , bulkier and more complicated than Medela 's . All in all , the control in the handle is n't worth the other down sides .
 My wife and I were all set to purchase the Avent Isis Duo pump based upon reviews and then we saw a posting that criticized Avent 's customer service . We made a call to Avent with several questions about the product and specifically about replacement parts . Much to our disappointment , we too found that Avent 's customer service department was not helpful . It took multiple e-mails and phone calls to get any information at all . We asked for a list of replacement parts for the Isis Duo and we were told that there is not such a list and that very few parts are actually replacable -LRB- unless covered by warrantee -RRB- . It seems that if a tube splits , for example , that the solution would be to buy a new pump . Simple parts like connectors , pump parts , etc are not made available to repair the product . After hearing this , and seeing that nearly every part is repairable and available for the Medela line of pumps , we feel that the choice has been made for us that the Medela pump is worth a closer look.Don ' t take my word for this , try to contact customer service yourself -LRB- 1-800-54-AVENT -RRB- . Maybe your results will be better than ours , but any product without good customer service is useless .
 I ca n't say I 'm too impressed with this breast pump . I have n't had to take it to my work to use it yet , but I suspect it 's bulk and inherent issues will create nothing but problems . Despite it 's good looks and efficient suction , I can not recommend it.My biggest issue is how easily the collection containers can tip and make a mess . It 's really ridiculous considering how much this pump costs -- there 's no excuse for it . It comes with bases upon which you can place the containers when you have to put them down , but they do n't do a good job of keeping the containers upright . The pump 's tubing is so stiff , it contributes to the tipping problem . If and when you do tip the containers it can spill milk from three different places ! Realize that you do n't have to tip the containers too much for this to happen . If the suction movement pulls too much milk into the petals , milk will leak over the edges . If you accidently tip the container too much , it 'll leak from the diaphragm where milk collects initially or from where the cup screws into the horn ! Aaargh ! I 've tried to be really deliberate with how I handle the parts when I 'm pumping , but I 've spilled more milk and made a bigger mess than I ever did with the hospital rental.I bought this pump because I liked that it 's a `` closed system . '' I guess Medela must be a popular brand for a reason , but I can not speak as to why since I have n't used it . However , I strongly suspect that I should have just gone along with the crowd and bought a different pump . It 's too late for me , do n't let it be too late for you !
 Used for barely a month and found that pump motor became very noisy after 2 weeks of constant use . Not sure if it 's because the motor is meant to be used in the USA , and I 'm based in Singapore . I find the system rather clumsy . The wires joining the motor to the pump are entangled and this causes the bottles -LRB- when fitted into the pump -RRB- to topple easily . So far , I 've only used it at home , so not sure how it 'll work out once I have to use it at work . Suction is also not as good as manual pump -LRB- I had an Avent manual pump before I bought this -RRB- . Other than that , it 's pretty decent as my milk supply did increase steadily and it takes me half the time to express my milk , as compared to when I was using a manual pump.Can consider buying if you 're using Avent products currently , e.g. steriliser , bottles , etc. and if you 're living in USA . I 'm rather disappointed that I ca n't do a 1-to-1 exchange from the Singapore office . If there 's any malfunction with the product , I have to send it back to the USA as the warranty is not an international one . Need to weigh the pros and cons between getting it cheap from Amazon.com and after sales service .
 I have seen and recommended many pumps over the last 10 year of practice . I approached the ISIS iQ DUO with an open mind and was disappointed right off the bat . It 's performance was very unpredictable and very inconsistent . This was a new VERY tired and sore mommy , she clearly needed an easy to use , reliable pump and did not have the time to mess with this pump to get it to work.I suggested she call the company because surely a company with a reputation like AVENT 'S will stand behind its products . WRONG . I found the phone number and called the company . I had us on speaker phone so the mom could participate . The wait to get to the help desk was forever and filled with way too many advertisements for other products including formula storage bags ; not what a new mom who is having a tough time needs to hear , not what a company who promotes BREASTFEEDING should be saying to their clients.When I did finally speak to the help desk , she read from a script on how to put the pump together and said the company could try and fix the pump or replace a part if WE knew what was needed . They have NO return policy so if you are unhappy with this product , you have just thrown almost $ 400.00 out the window . The woman was nice but NO HELP AT ALL . Her suggestion was for this new mom to just put it together again and again until it works . I explained to her the mom had a 4th degree tear and did n't have time to mess with a pump . The woman told us , `` it is a good pump '' . Buyers Beware . . There are pumps out there that have held up against the test of time . My suggestion to all you new parents
 Not enough succion -LRB- was better in manual mode -RRB- , too much pieces , isolated bags do n't work at all -LRB- bottles were warmer after a couple of hours when wrapped around with a diaper -RRB- , too bulky , very expensive for performance .
 I completely agree with the J.Ward review so I 'm not going to say much more other then this product has way too many shortcomings . Perhaps they 'll improve upon it over time.I borrowed a Medela pump when I had my first baby and was pleased with its ease of use . Not so with the Avent DUOI should have bought Medela the second time around but I figured I 'd try something new . Do n't ignore Medela 's excelent track record . Avent 's pump looks great but it is a pain to use.If you are going to spend ~ $ 300 do yourself a favor and consider the Medela Pump In Style or other alternative .
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that AVENT products contain BPA / Bisphenol A. I 'm returning everything to Babies R Us . It 's in their pacifiers and bottles and I 'm pretty sure their breast pump as well . Needless to say I am returning my sterilizer , bottles , pacifier and pump . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 I bought the Avent Isis IQ Duo after my PIS breast pump died after 1 year of use . I mainly bought the Isis IQ Duo because of its brand name and issues I had with the Medela pump -LRB- getting mold in the tubes-gross !! -RRB- After using the Isis IQ Duo once , it broke !!!!!!!!! Beware of the claim that it is the newest innovation in breast pumping !!! It took me 45 minutes to pump 4oz . out of each breast -LRB- this is way too long from what I 'm used to -RRB- . It took me 15 minutes just to set up the manual pump so the electric pump would kick in !! Now that I 've used it , I realize it makes no sense !! Why would I pay $ 350 to manually express my milk - this is too much work !!! I 'm going back to electric !
 I received this pump as a present -LRB- originanlly was planning to buy a Medela pump myself -RRB- . It was my best friend when I nursed my first child . Now , two years later I am expecting my second child and started looking into replacing everything for the new baby -LRB- the old silicone parts turned yellow and sticky after 2 years -RRB- , preferably with BPA free parts . Not only I ca n't find BPA free parts , I can hardly find any parts I can replace , except for the valves and diaphragms , which is not a big help at all.I would not recommend this product . You ca n't reuse it for your own children . Too pricey for just one time use .
 I purchased this pump before the birth of my daughter and have been using it for about 6 months . I work full-time for a large company - so I meet a lot of other pumping moms in our lactation room and have a good idea of what works and what does n't . PROS : In terms of its basic purpose - pumping breast milk it works quite well . I follow the instructions that came with my pump and start with shallow fast compressions to stimulate let-down and then move to longer deeper compressions to extract a lot of milk quickly . Because I can control the speed , I can get the job done , so to speak , faster than anyone else I have seen in our room . ThePump In Style Advanced Breastpumpautomatically moves from a fast to slow rhythm , but it does it at its own pace -LRB- e.g. fast pace for x pre-programmed number of minutes to slow pace for x pre-programmed number of minutes -RRB- , so it generally takes longer . Most of the other pumps just pump at one speed e.g the Ameda Purely Yours Breast Electronic Pump . In addition , I have been pumping nearly two months and have not seen a decline in milk production at all - not during the week and not over the duration of those two months . This is atypical from what I have heard from the other mothers , and I attribute it to a good pump.Finally , I can pump right into thePhilips Avent Bottles - which I thought would be a big plus because they are made in England , not China . However , my daughter does n't really like to drink milk out of these bottles , so it has n't been the plus that I thought it would be . In addition , for my day care I need to prepare bottles into small serving sizes as they will not save a partially eaten bottle , which means that I am transferring the milk around anyway.CONS : There are some real negatives with this pump . First of all , despite another posting on Amazon to the contrary , I was unable to purchase extra horns for my pump . The lactation room that I use does not have a sink , so we are forced to wash our pump parts between pumpings in a bathroom . Because this poses a real risk of fecal contamination , I began sterilizing my parts after washing . This was really stretching out the whole pumping ordeal and more than cancelled the benefit gained by having a highly efficient pump . When I called Avent to inquire about purchasing extra sets of horns so that I could just wash them at home I was told that they do not sell them . They did offer to provide me with one set for free -LRB- with a copy of my receipt -RRB- - which I accepted , but absolutely refused to sell me another set . I explained the situation and talked to several different people on several occasions and received the same answer . Because you need to pump every 2-3 hours to maintain your supply I needed at least 3 sets for a day . I finally went out and purchased 2 ISIS hand pumps at $ -LSB- ... -RSB- each so that I could have the parts -LRB- they are exactly the same -RRB- . However , customers should be aware horns are NOT available for the ISIS IQ Duo , but are available for other pumps such as Medela and Ameda - and for much less than the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- a piece I paid.Secondly , the ISIS pumps are one size fits all . That size happens to fit me just fine , however if you are larger or smaller nippled you might find this pump to be quite uncomfortable - either because of chaffing or because too much boob gets sucked in . With several other pump models you can purchase horns in different sizes . For this reason alone I would be reluctant to purchase this pump - if it does n't work for you , you are out of luck . This product can not be returned after opening , but you have no way of knowing if it will work for you until you plunk down $ -LSB- ... -RSB- + If you really want the Isis , you might consider purchasing the manual hand pump first to see how it fits - then you are only out about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . Third , a number of other pumps have handy accessories available - for example Medela makesbagsthat you can pump directly into . While you might not think that you would use these , a number of women I work with keep the Medela bags in their pump bag to use as back-up if they forget their bottles at home . None of these are available for the ISIS -LRB- and the Medela do n't fit -RRB- . I keep extra bottles at work , but they are bulky and then I ca n't use them for my daughter.Fourth , the bag is rather poorly conceived . The actually pump unit is a little pod . In order to put the pump away you have to disconnect the tubing , the control wire and the electricity from the pump . Then you tuck the pod into a little compartment in the front of the bag which tends to collapse - you need two hands , while desperately trying to make sure that you do n't tip your milk over , deal with the dirty parts , etc. . There are pockets for the wires and plug , but again they are cumbersome . You ca n't even fit the cord for the adapter in its designated slot with out disconnecting it from the adapter . When you pump the next time you have to do the entire process in reverse . In addition , the bag seems a little cheap - the little tags on the zipper that say Avent broke off -LRB- a choking hazard ? -RRB- from my bag during the first week that I used it . Avent mailed me a new one , at no charge , but it has the same exact zippers as the one that broke . I am thinking about just chucking the whole thing and throwing it in a tote-bag . My only concern is that the pump would not be as well protected.Fifth , a factor that others have mentioned that should not be minimized - the insulated bags have no handles , and the little ice packs are kind of a pain to manage - you are supposed to use 4 per bag and they keep slipping around when you try to load them in . When you are a working mom you just do n't want a lot of hassle . I almost wish the ice packs were just built into the bag and you could just chuck the whole thing in the freezer to ready it for the next day . On the plus side , the insulation works really , really well to keep the milk cold.Finally , while having the control on the horn is handy for easily adjusting the speed , it presumes -LRB- and forces -RRB- you to have your hands on the pump all the time . This means that I am the only women in the pumping room who ca n't check email or read books while I pump . I finally figured out a way - that involves crossing my leg , resting the bottles on it and then jamming my boobs against the horns against the table that allows me to somewhat free my hands - however not enough that I could check email , talk on the phone or do the other productive things many other moms are able to do.SUMMARYThe pump itself works nicely . However , Avent needs to get serious about providing the array of products needed to make this a viable pump for working moms .
 I bought this product about 6 weeks ago and was incredibly excited about using it for the first few days . I had been pumping manually for almost 2 weeks using the Isis manual . My baby was premature and unable to breastfeed so I had to resort to pumping every few hours to feed with a bottle . At first I was overjoyed with this product . It worked better for me than the manual pump and cut my pumping time in half . Then , a few weeks into things , I started having problems with the pump itself . Sometimes it would suck when I released the handle and release suction when I pressed it in -LRB- backwards -RRB- . Then sometimes it would flash a red light continually for no apparent reason . Other times it would be working fine and just stop for no reason in the middle of pumping and just revert to a green light but not do anything when I pressed the handle . Then the other half of the time it would work just fine.I called customer service to try to get a replacement and was shocked to learn that they would not help me . They insisted that I send back the pump so they could check it out then they would see what was wrong and then maybe send me a replacement . Well , as any lactating woman knows you ca n't just go days or weeks without your pump . I could not believe that these people were telling me that I would have to figure out an alternative on my own . The customer service rep actually said to me `` You know , you can just use the manual pump attachment included for the next few weeks until we can figure out what is wrong with your electric pump . '' Well , that 's not really an option since you just told me that I have to send back all of the components included in the package my pump came in now is it ? My point is that for $ 350.00 you should receive a little better service . It 's not my fault that their product is defective so why should I have to be out several hundred dollars for a pump that does n't work . My only option is to buy another one to use while they are checking out the messed up one they sold me . Either way I am screwed and their customer service dept could n't seem to care less . I already own almost every Avent product made so totally switching to another brand is n't really an option but I will never buy another product from their company . I have never experienced such terrible customer service or company practices in all my years as a consumer . Think twice about buying from them because if you ever have a problem with a product you will be out of luck . Also , their bottles leak half the time -LRB- even when properly assembled -RRB- and the newborn nipple is WAY too fast flowing for any normal newborn . *** Two months later I have continued to use this pump when it will work and use a Lactina when it does n't . It takes me twice as long to pump the same amount of milk with the Isis as it does the Lactina and When I use the Isis exclusively for several days on end my milk supply starts diminishing ...
 Phillips Avent just does n't want to stand behind their faulty products and poor engineering designs . I guess I was one of the ` lucky ' ones since my pump worked for a total of 6 months before dying on me when compared with others.However , I think if you are paying almost $ 300 for any item it should at least last for a year if not longer . I 'm now going through the arduous task of speaking with one of their lousy customer representatives to have my pump either fixed or replaced . The fact that they do n't offer replacement parts is a complete hassle . On top of the lousy craftsmanship of the pump , the bottles leak causing a major inconvenience when feeding my son.Please take my advice and go for Medela for the pump and Born Free or Dr Brown for your baby bottles or at least research further and read all the other negative reviews on this product.Here 's a list of Cons I have experienced :1 -RRB- Pump malfunctioned after 6 months of light use -LRB- twice/daily -RRB- 2 -RRB- Baby Bottles leak when feeding3 -RRB- Cool packs that were provided broke and my freezer is now a blue mess4 -RRB- Hose barb cracked on the second pump assembly and will cost me over $ 30 to replace FROM AVENT !!! -LRB- Why charge so much for a small plastic piece that probably costs a nickel to make ? -RRB- Pros -LRB- when the pump was functioning -RRB- 1 -RRB- Variable speed adjustment2 -RRB- Small and compactHowever , I think if you are paying almost $ 300 for any item it should at least last for a year if not longer . I 'm now going through the arduous task of speaking with one of their lousy customer representatives to have my pump either fixed or replaced . The fact that they do n't offer replacement parts is a complete hassle . On top of the lousy craftsmanship of the pump , the bottles leak causing a major inconvenience when feeding my son.If you do decide to stick with Avent , I wish you the best of luck with their product and hope you can reach customer service when your product fails -LRB- which it most certainly will -RRB- .
 My wife has been sucessful using the pump but generally speaking the pump has numerous idiosyncrasies that you should consider before purchasing it . Had we done more homework we likely would have chosen a different pump . If only you could return a ` personal ' item to Babies r Us once you 've opened it we would.My main complaint is that the pump is not very practical . While my wife expresses a fair amount of milk using the product , she obtained the same amount of milk using the Medela pump -LRB- Symphony . -RRB- There is a long unrelated story why we rented a Medela pump for 2 weeks but it provided a useful period to compare the products side-by-side . In order of importance : Setup
 I bought all four of the sports plaques expecting them all to be 11 '' x 15 '' as listed in the description . Be aware that they might not all be 11 '' x 15 '' . Other than that I loved the plaque .
 I like that it does n't have a very strong smell to it and that it is easy to rub into the skin . But it does n't do as the product says . I thought this would be a useful product to use during the summer to prevent odors caused by the heat , but it DOES NOT protect against moisture or odor . After a while , the moisture actually kind of makes it chalky . I would not recommend this product if you are using it for moisture or odor protection .
 I bought this thinking that it was pure . There are so many additives that I ca n't pronounce ! Not what I wanted .
 This blanket was way too expensive for what it is . The first time we washed it the stitching came out . Much cutier in the picture than in person . Just poor quality all around .
 New to cloth diapering . Using Thirsties duo wraps for my 14 mon old son . These are cheap , and very small , would work better for a new born . Bought a dozen of them , wish i had n't . Ended up making my own liners out of old recieving blankets and love the ones i made . wish the description was better .
 really dont do anything , very short and narrow . they just sit on the shelf here , no use for them . : -LRB-
 Spend the money and get Bum inserts or another quality insert , these are too small . They are about the size of a maxipad , I use two of them.I Have bought some from Dappi and they are a little better .
 I received an envelope with three small disks in it just as another reviewer did . There was nothing else in the envelope just the three disks . I was also surprised how lacking they were , they really do look like the free disks you get from some places . However , the smell is good but I am not sure how they will work in the nursery for our daughters diaper pail since she is not here yet . They are not very strong so I hope they will be able to mask the odor from her diapers . I am glad they were so inexpensive so I do n't really feel like I wasted much money if they do n't work .
 I guess I was expecting more than just the disks ! There was no packaging or anything , just three tiny disks in the envelope ! They looked like the free things you get from the car wash . I was expecting a better quality product . The smell is as expected and I know these things were cheap - but they are just surprisingly lacking !
 These discs smell great when you first take them out of the package . I 've had a disc in my diaper pail for just over a week , and the deordorizing effect is gone already . The description said each disc should last 3-4 weeks . Not even close . I will never buy these again .
 I know these are cheap , but they did n't help with the horrible diaper odor . I would not recommend spending your money on these items . When I opened up our diaper pal there was still a bad smell .
 I bought these to use with my Safety 1st diaper pail with disposable diapers . They fit very nicely in the diaper pail lid , which is nice . And they smell good , a little like oranges . But they barely work . For about the first week , the orange smell is very overwhelming in the nursery . After that , the room smells like a combination of oranges and stinky diapers with the stinky diaper smell finally winning out completely by week 3 . I guess they work okay , but not by deodorizing or neutralizing any smells . It just has a very strong smell in itself . There has to be something that works better than these things . I 'm going to keep looking .
 Bought these for use in my cloth diaper pail . They smelled horrible and did not deoderize anything . Very disappointing . Just glad I only bought one package to try first !
 I popped open the plastic and enjoyed the way the disk smelled , but when put into a diaper bucket , the scent was overwhelmed . I must conclude that these were designed to deodorize paper diaper buckets , and not cloth diaper buckets .
 I used this and my whole house smelt like it ! It 's not for me . If you like a citrus smell you might love it but , just to warn you it 's a very very strong smell !!
 We looked forward to this blanket , based on the rave reviews . When it arrived , we were unpleasantly surprised . Not only is it difficult and cumbersome to wrap our newborn in , but even after getting her in , the leg portion is loose . The biggest problem to us is really the difficulty of use . Wrapping each arm first , and then the long final portion of the wrap has to go around the baby about 4 times . By the time you get it on her , she is in a terrible mood!Get the first years swaddler , much easier and works great
 My daughter always calms down at night when she 's swaddled . The Miracle Blanket never seemed to contain her though . She 's almost 12 lbs and 24 inches long . I 'm not sure if she 's too long , but she would constantly kick out of the foot pouch . We went back to a swaddler with velcro which ended up working much better for us . Not sure if it 's a length issue or I just have a really ` kicky ' baby , but I found the Miracle Blanket to be the Sucky Blanket .
 I do not get this blanket at all . My child needs to be swaddled super-tight in order to sleep . We use the swaddlers with the velcro fastners pretty religiously because if he manages to squeeze out a hand or kick out a leg in his sleep , he will wake up crying . So he really has to be wrapped . This blanket in my opinion is overpriced and does not do a good job of keeping baby wrapped up . He managed to kick his feet out every single time we wrapped him in it . Maybe we are using it wrong but we ca n't see any other way to keep his legs inside . And it 's kind of awkward having to wrap the top portion around the baby 's torso . Overall , just not really worth the money . We are sticking with the swaddlers by Kiddopotamus .
 My baby loved being swaddled , but this blanket was another story . Every time we wrapped his little arms , he got very fussy . Additionally , our baby quickly grew too tall for the blanket . We ended up cutting off the foot pouch and just using the arms part for a little while . In the end , I think we 'd have been better off continuing with the regular swaddling .
 This is a good blanket , but it only fit my newborn for 2 months . I do n't see how any average sized baby can fit in this for longer than that . Currently my baby is 23 inches long and the pocket for her legs force her to bend her knees . I wish I could return this item , but they wo n't take it back if your child just `` outgrew '' it .
 I was so excited to decorate my sons 's room and bought about everything . I was very dissapointed with the quality , especially the bedding set . The blanket faded and pilled on the first wash , and the fitted sheet is so tight that it began to tear . I sewed it back together but ended up pitching it . I suppose if you hand wash the items and line dry you wo n't have a problem , but who has time for that ?
 To whomever might be considering purchasing this gate , beware it has several fairly significant design flaws.We originally purchased this gate because it was one of the few that had approved extensions that could span the top of our staircase.However , after taking the time to unpack and install it , it has several serious flaws .1 -RRB- The device assumes you have no moulding at the baseboards -LRB- except potentially 1/4 '' shoe moulding . To be stable , it requires the use of a plastic ` foot ' stablizer , that helps anchor the hinge side of the gate . If you have moulding , you 'd either have to screw the mounts directly through the moulding -LRB- which ruins the moulding -RRB- , or attempt to level the gate above the moulding . Unfortunately , this results in the gate not being able to use the stablizer foot , and results in a gate that sways excessively -LRB- again , I needed something with multiple extensions -RRB- .2 -RRB- The opening for the gate is very , very small .3 -RRB- 1 side of the gate -LRB- the side that swings -RRB- mounts directly to the wall . This is a problem if you 're even a fraction of an inch off with the included paper templates to guide where to mount the brackets.I do n't know how the merchant is going to be when I attempt to return this useless gate ... so my comments -LRB- for
 We did not have a chance to actually use this product . The box was a mess ; it was very badly torn . We were missing about half of the pieces . We were missing the instructions ... It looks like another customer experienced the same problems . I would not recommend this product .
 This item came to my door in a tattered mess . The box was torn and then re-taped and when I opened the box the item was completely damaged . I do n't assume that it 's Baby Age 's fault in the shipping matter , but upon return of the item , I was not issued a full refund . Instead , I 've been issued a store credit . I am not very pleased with this experience at all .
 We bought this to keep our dog in the kitchen and our son out - it was terribly difficult to install , even for my husband , who is very handy - the attachment holes on the extensions do not line up and the directions are not really directions , but just a few confusing diagrams . When it 's installed across a wide opening -LRB- such as the opening between our family room and kitchen -RRB- , it 's very wobbly and flimsy . Also , the latch on the gate section is awkward and a child -LRB- or even a smart dog -RRB- could easily figure out how to bypass this gate . Only good thing about it is that it looks nice , but other than that , definitely would not recommend buying it .
 Very disappointed only with the color of the marea that we ordered . It 's actually navy blue and khaki ... . not the lovely bright blue and white that the picture shows :-LRB- Not sure if I 'm going to return it or not . .
 We bought the Peg Perego Uno Stroller and LOVE it ... so we also purchased the carseat to go with it . This car seat is heavy and bulky . Not easy to lift and my son has hated it since the day we took him home from the hospital ! I agree with the other person who wrote that they curse every time they use it . It is very difficult to latch and the BELTS TWIST ALL THE TIME !!! It is just a pain in the butt . I think I used the `` travel system '' option twice because that was a freakin pain too . Very disapointed and hope that others look for other safe car seats and next time I will read the reviews !!!!
 Prosseems very safesturdycomfortable -LRB- although a bit too hot -RRB- - my son is always swetty after a ride in this seat.sun-shade is removable - this is a nice one.attaches to Bugaboo stroller with a special adaptorConsMany design failures : - > one that seems silly , but it makes it REALLY annoying on a daily use
 This car seat has great , user friendly features . It has an easy to use base with easy to use LATCH system . The strap adjustment is very easy - you just use a slider to move them up or down . The only bad part -LRB- besides how ridiculously expensive it is ! -RRB- is that it is like carrying a boat anchor around -LRB- without your child in the seat ! -RRB- . Try a Chicco instead !
 I was looking for a carseat for my new , and third , baby . I have owned a Combi infant seat and a Graco snugride in the past . I wanted to buy something new and stylish , and this is one of three that are compatible with my 2010 Uppababy Vista . Peg offered numerous stylish fabric varieties , and I was thankful for that . Gracos are everywhere and the Chicco -LRB- the third compatible infant seat -RRB- has UGLY patterns . So I decided to find a store that sold the Peg to see if the reviews here were right.Let me tell you this - heavy is not the word to describe this seat . I am FIT , and am pretty strong , and when lifting it I could not even imagine ever wanting to carry this around with anymore added weight . It felt like my Graco or Combi felt exactly when I decided to move my kids out of carriers and into toddler seats.For new parents , this is VERY VERY IMPORTANT ! Strollers and Snap and Gos can not be used everywhere , even though they are convenient and easy . There are times you WILL have to carry the seat . Picking something up at someone 's house , visiting people , carrying it in and out of your own house , carrying it into church , etcetc ... Anyway , I do n't want anyone to make a mistake here . I know its heavy because its reinforced , which is nice , but just not practical .
 I thought this seat was a great buy because it was reinforced for safety and the straps did n't need to be taken out to be adjusted as baby grew . I love my pliko stroller but this seat is awful . It sits so upright that my newborns neck looked like it was snapped , I could n't bare to see her in that position . Luckily a friend of mine had an older model that has a similar cradle design to that of the Graco carriers . It also fits in my base and stroller . Now that my daughter is almost 9 months old I thought surely she would do fine in this seat because she can hold her head up so I tried it again . As soon as she fell asleep she looked as though she was falling out of the seat with her head flopped forward . Very disappointed and wish I could return this . I will be sending the pictures of my baby practically falling out of this seat to Peg Perego .
 WARNING to all owners newer model Peg Perego SIP 30/30 Infant Seats . It has two major defects .1 > Defective part causes cuts on baby 's heels and legs .2 > Defective latch can cause seat to fall out of Pliko P3 stroller and have baby land on ground.Peg Perego 's SIP 30/30 Infant seat is defective and they have not made registered customers aware of it . They are not taking responsibility for the safety of the children using this seat . They have been aware of the first issue since the beginning of summer 2008 . The first issue with the seat causes cuts . We discovered lacerations on our son 's ankles for over a month but could not figure out what was causing them . On a road trip we discovered a large bleeding gash on the back of his ankle about the size of a DIME . We traced the source to the SIP 30/30 car seat 's plastic strap cover near the feet . There was blood on the cover and the edges were sharp enough to cut my finger . When I called Peg Perego , it took over an hour to get through to their customer service . Once I did , I discovered over 50 children have already been injured and they anticipate FOUR THOUSAND seats could have this issue . DO NOT follow their instructions to remove the plastic cover until receiving the replacement . The metal latch further cut up the back of our son 's legs while waiting for the part . It took almost 4 DAYS to get the part from them instead of shipping it priority overnight.It is Peg Perego 's RESPONSIBILITY to inform registered seat users of this dangerous issue , yet they have done NOTHING to warn people . Not even an e-mail . They plan to ship the parts when they have replacement . It has been almost 5 months since they first learned about the issue . How many more children will be injured before they make the public aware of this defect . Since discovering this issue , I have told every parent I see with this car seat about this issue . Their response is normally `` I was wondering where those cuts where coming from . `` The second issue with the seat is latching into Peg Perego 's Pliko P3 stroller . The infant seat has two possible latch points . We attached the seat to the stroller using the outside latch . We heard both sides of the seat `` click '' as explained . While pushing the cart the infant seat fell off the stroller and landed on the sidewalk with our son head down and screaming . We were lucky the stroller was n't stopped by a street where it could have fallen in front of a car . The fact it can even latch to something that will not hold the seat , much less EASILY latch , is a SERIOUS design defect that is extremely dangerous to children . It could be fatal.Peg Perego needs to take responsibility for their poorly designed products and let people know about these issues . Hopefully as a buyer you will review this and evaluate if their products are safe for your children before buying and they are injured.If I could give this product less than 1 star , I would .
 I purchased carseat months before baby was born and only used it a couple of times during her first 2 months . The seams started coming apart during the first couple of months of use . When I called customer service to request a new cover they told me that I 'd have send my receipt of purchase and pictures of the defective product . I was not inclined to put together a package proving the defect in my newborn sleep deprived state and therefore decided to keep the poor product . Just a couple of months later the pieces that hold the hood on popped out.Between the shoddy craftsmanship and difficult customer service , I 'd go to another brand of travel system next time .
 I am 5 ' 10 '' and very strong -- no shrinking violet here -- but even I had a hard time carrying this around . I would always wonder what a petite woman would do if she had to lug this car seat around with a growing infant sitting in it . Heavy is an understatement . I have since bought a Chicco Keyfit and have been very pleased . It is the safest on the market and about half the price . Do yourself a favor and skip this one !
 I purchased this seat for my first child . I was warned that it was heavy and sat very upright but went ahead and purchased it to go with my Bugaboo because it seemed like the nicest seat out there . Big mistake . My daughter hated it from the get go . She sat very upright in it and her head seemed to flop forward before she was able to hold her head up -LRB- she literally looked like she was sitting straight up and down -RRB- . Everytime we went somewhere she screamed . I borrowed my friend 's Graco to see if it was the seat and sure enough , she sat in more of a cradle position in the Graco and was quiet as a mouse . She got used to it as she got older but then the weight factor came in . This seat is so heavy that by the time she was 6 months old -LRB- and still a peanut at 13 pounds -RRB- I could barely lift it in and out of the car . I 'm a runner and in pretty good shape so there 's no reason I should have had trouble lifting it . I could not get rid of this seat fast enough and now have a Maxi Cosi for my second child that I love -LRB- super light weight and cradles the baby -RRB- . Pros :1 . It is definitely a sturdier seat than the Maxi Cosi and Gracos . It 's made of quality materials -LRB- sturdier plastics -RRB- so I can see why it 's heavy .2 . I liked that I could just wipe the fabric since it 's not a cloth material . I did n't have to take the cover off and wash it if my baby threw up . That said , I used the seat during the fall and winter . My girlfriend had the same seat -LRB- she lives in Georgia -RRB- and said the nylon fabric got super hot in the summer because it does n't breath like the cloth fabrics do so it may not be a pro for some people .3 . The seat is very cushy ; lots of padding.Cons :1 . My daughter could n't see around the black wings so she was always looking forward and not to the side or out the window . I 'm sure she did n't know the difference but I always felt like she was in a straight jacket . Again , she was small though so perhaps if you have a bigger baby this would n't be a problem .2 . As I mentioned , the weight . It says you can use it up to 30 pounds but that really doens ' t do you any good because you would n't be able to lift it . I ca n't imagine carrying this thing around with a 30 pound baby -LRB- plus a 30 pound baby would be too long for it -RRB- . I ended up switching my daughter to a convertible Britax at 7 months so really I got hardly any use out of it . I used to get so upset when I 'd see other people carrying their almost 1 year old kids around in lighter weight carriers .3 . The sunshade is a joke . Most other seats have sunshades that can be pulled forward for more protection.One other thing to note . I often read on reviews that `` this is the safest car seat out there '' . I am not sure where people are getting that information . Thanks to a good friend we were able to retain reports from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety 's crash labs and while this seat did test well , it received the exact same rankings as the Britax and Maxi Cosi seats .
 I bought this car seat thinking that it was the absolute safest thing out there and was thus willing to overlook its ridiculous weight . Now , it seems that Consumer Reports has other options -LRB- the Chicco KeyFit 30 -RRB- that have the same -LRB- if not better -RRB- safety rating and MUCH better overall score -LRB- not to mention $ 100 cheaper ... -RRB- My # 1 complaint is that the belt is really hard to use ... especially with a squirmy child who is not very happy about being strapped in ... it takes forever to get the snaps into place . I seriously curse it every time.My baby is 12mo now and about 23 lbs and she 's getting too big for it -LRB- her feet have to almost straddle the seat ! -RRB- ... but she is pretty tall ... We 're ready for a convertible seat now.I may keep this one around as a spare for the next kid , but would not recommend it .
 When I read that they sent a tool for putting the needed holes in the plastic , a typical elementary school style hole punch is n't exactly what came to my mind . We got a couple of holes in the plastic before the hole punch bent under the pressure my husband had to use to try and get it to punch through the plastic.Also , I do n't have a typical banister , so the 1 inch along the top or bottom being the only place I could put holes does n't work for us anyway . Since other people have complained that the plastic tears easily even with the hole punch , I could n't even just use a drill to put the holes where I want them because it would shred the plastic . Now I need to find something else , and find something to do with roll of plastic ...
 The good part about this item is that it 's cheap , the bad is that it is junk . I do n't know what I was expecting , but this is just a plastic sheet that you are supposed to punch holes in yourself and fasten to your railing any which way you can . After struggling with this thing for about 20 minutes , I was not confident my crafty and relentless little one would n't just tear it up and slip through . Highly not recommended . I ended up getting a sheet of white plastic garden lattice from the local Mega-Lo-Mart , cut it to fit , and fastened with zip ties . It looks OK , and more importantly there is no way she 's busting through that without X-Men powers .
 I purchased this product to protect a banister with wide slats from my 7 month old son . Upon attempting to install the product I discovered the product is EXTREMELY sharp along all edges . The product is not thick enough to be safe . There will always be a small gap between the product and the banister which little hands can fit through and would be cut severely . This is a very poorly designed product . All it is is a thin sheet of very sharp plastic with ties . You can find something better at a hardware store .
 I would pass on this product at all costs . It 's flimsy and is better suited to cover schoolbooks IMO . It is blatantly false advertising . Spend the extra 15 minutes and 5 bucks more to buy plexiglas at your local Home Depot or Lowes . Awful product .
 I bought this hoping that it would look nicer than the nets that other stores have on the market . The plastic is really hard to work with , its very cumbersome , you have to punch holes into it to attach it to the railings , and the sheeting attracts dust and lint like you would n't believe . If you are dedicated , and will take the time needed to plan out how the guard will go up - you might be able to put this up so it looks decent . Otherwise , you probably want to look elsewhere .
 The pouncher broken after the first hole . Have to buy a new and cost extra money . Not recommended .
 The base is a tripping hazard - both I and my wife have tripped over it.The way it is mounted to the wall is unstable - the plastic cups that bolt to the wall are too shallow to prevent the gate from dislodging from them -LRB- especially on the top - see below -RRB- . The friction system using the adjusting screws is solid enough on the bottom of the gate where , thanks to the -LRB- extra tall -RRB- base , the screws push against an uninterrupted piece of metal -LRB- the base -RRB- . On the other hand the top is a lot looser , especially on the side where the extension is not used , causing the tall thin set of rods to flex and dislodge from the cup . If you try to tighten it , the gate is impossible to close . On top of it my 2 year old son managed to loosen the adjusting screws on both sides of the gate causing it to open even without the safety latch .
 I am a busy mom with two small boys . -LRB- one is 18 months and the other is 3 years -RRB- My 3yr old learned how to open this gate on his own the day we got it . We are so happy we did n't decide to use this gate at the top of the stairs . So now we have a saftey latch holding the door together so he ca n't open it anymore . This is very upsetting the adults in the house . So if you want to keep your kids out of a certain area or from falling down stairs THIS IS NOT THE GATE TO PURCHASE !!!!!
 If you 're looking to use this gate with the extensions , good luck ! I have a 65 '' opening that needs a gate and I went to the manufacturers website plus amazon to make sure I had the correct measurements and extensions I needed . When the gate arrived , it was way off ... the gate without the extensions is much shorter than what I had expected it to be from measurements listed online.On top of that , the gate we received was defective . The gate metal was warped and the door would not latch at all , unless we had the hulk handy to completely bend the gate!We returned this gate and have since gotten the Summer Infant Sure and Secure extension gate . It involves hardware to install which is the only downside but the measurements were correct and the gate actually works!I will say , Amazon took the gate back with no issues and UPS picked the gate up from our house the day after we requested a return , so kudos to them for their customer service !
 Up until a week ago , I would have given this baby gate 5 stars . We had it for 6 months and it was functioning perfectly and were very happy with it . Unfortunately , it has a major engineering design weakness that will eventually cause the manufacturer to get sued for a fatality or serious injury if it is not redesigned.Where the gate swivels out , on the bottom there is only one small -LRB- maybe a .3 inches long -RRB- screw that holds the ENTIRE gate together . I never noticed this because the hidden location on the bottom.Our 11 month old likes to climb this gate and hold on to it for support since he ca n't walk yet . The other day he was able to break the gate . The screw came off and he immediately picked it up and put it in his mouth . It is a sharp , pointed screw that could cause serious injury or death . Fortunately , we notice this and quickly pulled it out of his mouth . It could have sliced up his intestines and stomach . The main swivel gate door could have fallen on him causing an injury.I highly urge you to not buy this gate if you plan to use it on stairs . If an 11 month old can tear this thing apart then it has no chance against a 3 year old . If you already own this gate , you need to frequently make sure the screw is tightened up and buy some lock-tite to make sure the screw ca n't come out .
 I had high hopes for this baby gate . With 5 children , I 've tried more than I can remember . After my experiencew with this gate , I 've realized that no presurized gate can stand up to the constant opening that happens in a busy family.This gate worked fine for the first few weeks , but within a month the rubber grips on the pressure mounts began pealing off . Once they were gone the gate slipped all over the door frame no matter how much pressure was on it . It also scratched up our woodwork . Lesson learned . I will use the wall mounts in the future.Another complaint is that there were no replacements parts readily available , and within a month I had to spend $ 33 to order them from the only place I could find online . The manufacturer is in Australia , and I could not find any contact info on the website to ask for replacement parts .
 We have owned 2 gates for 2 years and at least once every 6 months I need to check the spring-loaded device on the bottom of the gate that acts as a latch . There are two -LRB- 2 -RRB- screws that hold a plastic cover over an internal spring with a pin . After a few months of constant opening and closing the sheet metal style screws will become loose and need to be tightened . What I found out recently is that after you tighten them so many times is that the square metal tube in the gate becomes so warn that the screws will fall out even easier . Then I used a larger sheet metal screw , but this did not fix the problem . Check often to ensure that no hardware is loose . Yesterday my 17 month old was sitting next to the gate when the components failed and fell off the gate , my wife went over to look at him and he had the pin in his mouth and was coughing after she had taken it out of his mouth , called 911 and went in for an x-ray , nothing was found thankfully , but the paramedic on the scene said that he is lucky to not have swallowed the pin , as it could have damaged his esophagus . I have called the manufacturer Tee Zed and I am awaiting a call back . This is a great gate , but has this one downfall .
 I bought this gate because of all the great reviews on it . I was very disappointed as soon as I took it out of the box . The whole gate was damaged and bent . It was bent so bad that the gate would not close and left a 3 inch gap between side and the gate . I would of returned it but I did n't want to deal with the hassle and the $ 20 + to reship it . So my husband did his best to bend it back into the correct shape . So as of now , the gate seems sturdy but we have to be careful opening and closing the gate due to it being warped . I think this gate would of been awesome if we would n't have received one that was damaged !
 I really wanted this gate to work and have returned it twice for replacement . However , it has broken 3 times - same place . The top hinge is made of plastic and has cracked within a week of use . I bought the gate because we have a puppy that I want to keep out of the basement , it could be that my three children are too hard on it .
 I have had this up for only a half a day and I am about to replace it.The base stands 2 plus inches on the ground which is a clear tripping hazard , and for the lock to work properly , the fence needs to be adjusted exactly - and even then I dont trust it to stay like that . It took me awhile to play with the extensions before I manage to even get it close to the locking position and I am in construction.It is also very loud when it shuts , and may wake or disturb a sleeping baby
 I have an extremely intelligent , high strung 2 year old who could just jump right over the standard height gates , so I looked a long time before I decided to get these gates . I read all the reviews and they were all good so , I ordered them . They are good quality but my two year old can just open the gate right up . He runs right through them . If we tighten up the pressure to keep them shut , He just goes right over and loosens the pressure so he can get the gate open . He 's recently taught our one year old daughter how to open it . So , needless to say , I am very disappointed with this Dream Baby swing through gate .
 This pillow works well , but is a little soft . I ended up buying a boppy body pillow , which I loved !
 I bought the Snoogle for my pregnant wife and she likes it . I thought it was pretty overpriced for what it is ... and odd shaped pillow that is lesser quality than the average pillow at Wal-mart , Linens and things or wheverever . It does n't have much stuffing and should probably cost half as much money .
 I ordered this for my 1 year old baby after weaning her off of her Nap Nanny for night time use . She was diagnosed with GERD as a newborn and we were told to switch her to a pillow when she turned one . I found this pillow and thought it would be great due to the fact she could feel something all around her like she had been used to with the Nap Nanny . Maybe as she ages she will use it , but as of now she will not . She moves to the opposite side of the crib from where it is.I also wish that the cover zipped on and off so that it was easier to wash.I do feel like I can reintroduce this pillow to her at a later time and she will use it - possibly when she 's in her toddler bed .
 We bought this three wheeler for our son who just turned 2 for Christmas . However , it took him until April to just get on and ride it -LRB- this due to the jolt you get from stepping on the gas it was kind of scary to him and to the neighbor boy who turned 2 last August -RRB- . Once they got use to it then it was no problem EXCEPT this vehicle will turn over on your child if they turn it to fast or if they go to fast around a corner . For the same reason they took 3 wheelers off the market they should also take this one off too . I would not recommend this for your child unless they are over 3 1/2 and even then I would not recommend this to be their first vehicle .
 I got this high chair after reading rave reviews about it from more than one parenting magazine -- of all the models tested , they put this one at or otherwise near the top . So I was pretty confident about my purchase , thinking that this must be the perfect chair for my child.Except that , well , it 's not perfect , not at all . To be fair , it * does * have several nice features , including two trays -LRB- the orange one pops off , so you can use the white one underneath for the next meal if you like -RRB- and an adjustable footrest . And yes , the blue/yellow color combination is every bit as bright and cheery as it looks in the photograph.For me , however , that about sums up the positive points . On the down side : * The seat belts are very easily stained , even if you wipe them off right away -- mine are now a faded tomato sauce color , thanks to spaghetti night . * Food can get * underneath * the vinyl seat , which I did n't realize until last week when we decided to hose the whole thing down -LRB- to try to get those stains off the belts -RRB- -- old Cheerios and other large crumbs were all hiding away under there , which was pretty gross to discover . * Next , those trays , though touted to be dishwasher-safe , do n't even come close to fitting in my dishwasher . Not the end of the world , but definitely inconvenient . * The worst part of all
 I bought it , and on the packaging it states `` 56 DB '' audio not 86 DB as stated in product description ... big difference , right ? Anyway , I dunno how well it works b/c it arrived w/a dead battery . It said on package that it is a `` life long battery '' and something like ` no need to ever change battery ' . I took it as a bad sign and sent back to Amazon . It might work great , but after that , I did n't wan na risk it .
 I got a couple of these for my kids . The concept is nice but the audible beep is so quite , I could n't hear it at all in a semi-noisy place like a crowded mall or park , even when my child was only a few feet away . It seemed loud when we were in the quite of our home/car , but around a lot of other people and with some distance between us , it is useless.Also , I find it strange that there is an on/off switch on the child 's unit but not the parent . This caused two things to happen -1 . The alarm was constantly being set off in my pocket and there was no off switch I could use to let me avoid this . Worse , it drove my kid so nuts that he turned HIS unit off making the entire thing pointless . When I finally did need to find him , I was pressing and pressing and had n't realized he turned it off . I got a bit nervous when I could n't hear anything before I realized he was still a few feet away from me.The bear is n't so unbelievably big as some say . I would think it would be annoying on a pair of shoes but is fine on a belt or on a child 's wrist which is where my kids liked wearing it.In the end , because it was n't particularly loud , this was mostly useless for us . The only thing it was good for was that we taught our kids that if THEY heard the noise , it meant we did n't know where they were and that they should stop what they are doing and look for us . This does help some , at least for my 4 year old . Not sure how well my 2 year old would do in that situation.Update
 I purchase this product for my 2 years child but when i tried it a problem accrued because baby section beep loudly for you to find your child !! child will panic and if somebody hold your child , he/she knows that your baby carry 's security system ??!! It is better for me to remote control beep and show me where my child is .
 Amazon had told me I would have it by tomorrow and they are just shipping it today with an expected delivery in 8 more days . This has got to be the worst experience I 've had with amazon shipping .
 I bought this locator and the one in brown for my two kids . First of all the monitor was supposedly able to fit on a shoe , that did n't work , or you could put it in their pocket . YEA RIGHT . neither of my kids had pockets . And when I tested the alarm , it had to be pointed almost right at my child to get the alarm to go off . The alarm only goes off for so long , then if you try to get it to go off again TOO BAD ! I had my daughter take it in to the bathroom and shut the door ; the alarm would n't sound at all . I was going to send them back , but my kids are using them to play with . You 're best to go with something else .
 I purchased this product in pink for my 3 year old daughter and in brown for my 5 year old son . We were taking our first `` real '' family vacation in Disney World during their peak season and I was worried about `` losing '' my children in the crowded parks . The first day my son could n't wear his monitor because his sneakers had velcro straps that were too wide to fit the monitor . My daughter 's velcro straps fit , but the monitor kept falling off when she walked so I put them in my back pack decided to try them the next day . The next day I tried attaching them to their sandles and my kids complained they felt too uncomfortable when they walked because their sandles were open and they could feel the monitor touching their feet . After finally convincing them to wear the monitor we went to the Magic Kingdom . The monitors went off automatically as soon as we got on the monorail . Then they went off during the first few rides we went on . Finally , they automatically went off in the middle of a live musical show . I removed the monitors from my kids , took them back to our hotel and put them in my suitcase for the rest of our vacation . I am planning on returning them ASAP . I had told all my friends about these monitors when I purchased them and most were going to purchase them if I like them . They were a complete waste of money and suitcase space .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- After receiving the item , I 've opened the package and the device did n't work . Since I was not home , I could n't open it to check the batteries , because I had no tools ... I was expecting to use it at Disney Parks with my child , but it never worked . Now it somewhere abandoned at my house . The worst 20 bucks I 've spent in the last year!Don ' t buy it . If you intend to buy , keep your tools and extra batteries around .
 I really wanted this locator , as my son has a habit of disappearing in a split second . Unfortunately , when I received the first one , the red button kept blinking and the transmitter never activated . I re-read the directions and looked at the products website , to no avail . Amazon customer service was great and sent a replacement . Unfortunately the replacement locator did the exact same thing . I understand that every so often their is a defective item , but two in a two week span ? I would have to say that I do not recommend Mommy I 'm Here Child Locator in Brown , and probably not any product from Mommy I 'm Here .
 The red light on the bear is flickering when I trun it on . However the light on the control did not flicker at all . Then nothing happend no matter how I press the button !! It is really disappointing ...
 I read a lot of reviews on multiple child locators , and this had the best reviews and was a great price . I just received it and it does n't work . It supposedly comes with long lasting batteries already installed . To activate the locator you simply turn it on and a light blinks . Then you push the button and are supposed to hear a few faint beeps . The light started blinking , but after pushing the button , I heard nothing . I 've been trying for about 20 mins - still no sound . I tried calling the customer service number and no one answers the phone there . It goes straight to voicemail . This is a total waste of money , and time .
 the bear blinked but the key chain didnt have power , bad battery ? dont waste your time or money .
 I received the product within a few weeks and it was in a sealed package however i opened the product up and it would not turn on . i did read several reviews about the product not working but i took a chance because of the cost . bad mistake ... i guess i will attempt to buy new batteries for it to see if that will work .
 too much noise for nothing . when my daughter moves a little faster than normal even if she is by my side it starts yelling . Had to turn it off as it was n't doing what it was supposed to.Also the material of the strap is so poor and hard that it hearts her and even cut her arm once.it 's an amazing idea but needs a little more thinking so it performs better .
 I purchased this for my two year old daughter for when we go to Disney World . Although she 's never been lost -LRB- thankfully -RRB- , this was a `` just in case '' type of thing.From reading the description here and on their website , it seems to me a small bear that they say can attach to a child 's sneakers or wear as a bracelet.Once I received it , I knew there was no way this was possible . The bear is HUGE . There is absolutely no way that a small child could wear this as a bracelet . It 's ENORMOUS . There is also no way to wear this on a sneaker.Don ' t waste your time or money . There 's no reason this has to be so huge .
 This item only be used within a limited range , basically within caretaker eyesight . In other words , if you can not see your child then s/he is already beyond the range of this gadget . I have tried it at the playground and at the beach , it was totally useless with my toddler . Mine did not work for a distance of 150 feet . More like 50 to 75 feet .
 We bought this for our trip to Disney World to place on our almost two year old . The product information states it has battery ready to go . It only worked for a couple of hours , and then the red light on bear would n't turn off and when you pressed the remote it would n't sound the alert . The bear itself was quite heavy and bulky , it kept falling off my sons shoe . Placing it on the belt may be a better option , but we never got the chance !
 When I originally saw this I thought this was a great idea !! I still do BUT it make no sense to me why you would put the power switch on the bear which goes on the child . Let 's face it , children play hard and crawl and climb and everything which can easily turn off the switch . Not to mention a curious child . I just do n't think that was the best place to put the one thing that makes it work in the hands of the child that has no idea what that thing is or is for .
 Only worked a couple days then stopped working not worth the money . Then it would start making noise on it 's own and it 's very annoying , and not reliable . It 's a good idea only if the product worked .
 Had it for less than a week and it had a crack in it already . Not even worth the few dollars it was . My daughter used it one time .
 Like others , I expected to get three juice box holders . I was surprised to only get one in my order when there was no mention of quantity , only the picture to show what you were ordering . I kept the juice box holder , because honestly , it does work great . My two-year-old has had zero spills or accidental squeezes when using his holder . I would recommend the product , but be aware of the quantity issue .
 I usually always read the review , this one time i did n't since I was in a hurry . Not doing so has come back to haunt me . . The picture of the item show 3 so you would think it is a three pack . NOPE you are paying for one . Once you include shipping , it is a expensive piece of plastic .
 I was very dissappointed when the product arrived . It does look like you get 3 holders and that is what I thought I was buying . It should only show one and then state in the description that there are assorted colors . Never again !!!!!!!!!!!
 It appears like you are getting three holders from the photo . You only get one .
 This holder is a great idea -LRB- and inexpensive if that 's a selling point -RRB- . The only issue I have with it is an obvious one - the boxes do n't stay in the holder . If you have something like a Capri-Sun that can be shoved in then it works fine but regular juice boxes do n't stay put . If the little kid drops it , which mine frequently does , the box slides out and spills . It 's OK if you 're keeping your little kid in one spot to drink , but if they are running around , I would recommend just snipping open the juice box and pouring the juice in a leak-proof cup .
 I read the other reviews over and over before I made this purchase and I should have followed my initial instinct to not buy it . The problem that I have is that there is not a single juice box that fits into it fully and when using juice pouches -LRB- like capri suns -RRB- as soon as my son takes a few sips , he 's still able to take the pouch out and make a mess . I guess I need something with a lid opposed to this open design .
 I really wanted to like this product , because I needed it , but - to be blunt - it sucks . I had 3 different types of juice pouches and boxes and it did n't fit any of them correctly , plus , my daughter could squeeze them anyway , defeating the whole purpose -LRB- she was only 18 months at the time ! -RRB- . Also , she just turned it upside down and they would fall right out . I used a rubber bad to hold the boxes in , but that did nothing to address the squeezing issue . So into the donation box it went .
 Because of the description `` assorted colors '' I was a little surprised when only one showed up . When I called to verify the quantity was correct , after the phone at Baby 's Gallerie was answered by a simple hello , no identification , the response to my question was `` for $ 2.97 ? '' I was only asking a question not looking to be insulted . The plastic is thin and only fits the small juice boxes and not juice pouches . Too bad it was only $ 2.97 because it was n't worth shipping back for a refund .
 Works ok for drinks . Would be nice if it had a little strap of some kind attached over the top to keep child from pulling the box out . Read the description as the picture is deceiving , you will receive ONLY ONE JUICE BOX . They can be bought for less at other stores .
 I purchased 2 of these last week and even at $ 2.00 each I paid too much for them . The plastic chips very easily and the design is very plain . It certainly did not fit many different types of juices . The really small juices fit but rattle around in there . The Motts juices do n't fit in there . And even juice pouches are a tight fit .
 This does not fit the tall or short Juicy Juice juice boxes . I 'm very disappointed and feel I have wasted money on this . Its big and looks like it 'll only fit a carpri sun or drink in pouch , not any of the juice boxes that the description claims it fits !
 I thought this product would work better but my 22 month old just takes the juice box out of it defeating the whole purpose of it . Also , it is a bit on the large size so it works only with the really big juice boxes . I only buy the 4 ounce juice boxes and this container is too big for it .
 Yes the folding feature is handy for people who travel on planes to grandpa 's house ... but it is heavy , and you have to buy an additional strap to carry it like a back pack.Also , THE COVERS ARE NOT MACHINE WASHABLE !! What kind of child 's product is n't machine washable ?!? Our one year old vomited old milk all over the car seat , and no amount of hand washing was going to get the smell of sour milk out , so we threw it in the wash ... and it practically disintegrated . A replacement cover is $ 70.00 ! So instead I sewed it back together Frankenstein style , not very attractive , but it 's working ... sorta ... If the cover were washable , I would recommend this car seat ... but without , I 'd say keep looking .
 I bought this seat for my son after reading other reviewers email raving of how wonderful the seat is . As matter of fact , it is over-price , not as comfortable as I though it would be after spending $ 250 for this seat -LRB- I did n't buy it from AMAZON though -RRB- . When you place the seat in a forward facing it does not give you a 45 degree angle . Making it very a bad posture for my son . POOR Instructions , very confusing to follow . It was n't easy to assemble . The only thing that it does is , it could fold for traveling . I wish I did n't buy this seat.I went ahead and bought a different convertible seat for my son , it is called First Year True Fit convertible seat . It is much more comfortable , very easy or to none to assemble . Easy to follow instructions . This seat cost $ 75 less I love the seat and so is my son . My recommendation is DO N'T WASTE your money on this seat . BUY THE FIRST YEAR TRUE FIT Convertible seat instead . Trust me you wo n't regret it .
 We had the same problem with the top tether coming loose and getting caught like a previous poster . The tether got unrolled and unbeknownst to me it was hanging out of our suburban and got caught under the back tire wheel . I thank God that my daughter was not in the seat at the time . It pulled the seat into the door of the suburban making a loud cracking noise . I now own a very expensive carseat that is broken -LRB- which I LOVED up until this accident -RRB- and have to take my suburban in to get the seatbelts checked out . When contacting Radian about it they could see how this was a problem and they would report it to the design department . Lots of good that does me ! The tether on this seat is dangerously and unnecessarily too long . We own two different Britax seats and the tethers are no where near this long . Seriously for a tether long enough to get caught from a second row suburban seat underneath a back wheel is crazy ! I know it was user error but had the tether not been that long this would be a non issue .
 I have not even had the time to install the car seat before the cover tore apart!I received the car seat and unpacked it . I noticed a huge spot of soft adhesive all over the side of the cover . I took my finger and slid it across the glue to see if the adhesive would ball up and lift off the fabric . When I did this it rubbed a hole JUST USING MY FINGER in the fabric.I called Sunshine Kids . There reply was to pack it up , ship it back to Amazon for a replacement . I thought this was stupid because the cost to ship back a 25 pound package to Amazon was almost the cost of a new car seat cover.She said I am not their customer . That Amazon is there customer and I am Amazons customer . What a bunch of pass the buck customer service!So , if you like buying from a company that wo n't accept responsibility for the quality of their products and would rather blame the store than fix the problem then this is the car seat for you.As for me . I just spent -LSB- ... -RSB- for a piece of junk . How can you trust it when the cover is so cheap.I have two Britax car seats and bought this one for just traveling . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT FOR DAILY USE !
 We bought two of these for our newborn twins because they were able to sit side by side in our van . The width of these seats made them perfect for our car , everything else was a nightmare . The foam behind the seats in both seats cracked and broke off in chucks . It is a piece of junk . I took the first seat back as soon as the foam cracked . Fortunately we live near where they are made . They did give me a new seat . It cracked in a week . But the worst and most unforgiveable things was the tether that locks the carseat in place . It is extrememly long . We took the seats on an airplane trip and when we got to our destination we put the seats in the car . We did not lock in the tether because there was no place on that particular car for the tether to go . Unfortunately the tether had come loose during the flight and was no longer rolled up in the back of the seat . The tether was so long it actually went from the middle seat and unbeknownst to me was hanging out of the door when we drove off . It then got caught under the wheel of the car smashing the middle baby seat into the other . We spent the morning at the ER with our two babies and one now has a permanent scar on his ankle from this accident . I went into Target to check out the tether lengths on the other seat brands . We realize that this was a crazy accident . But the length of the other tethers is about half that of the Sunshines . It 's not something you think about until the worst happens , but as a car seat manufacturer they ought to consider these things . Why should their tether be so much longer then everyone elses ? Also the seats are very heavy . We purchased the travel carrying covers for them -LRB- supposedly makes them easier to travel with in airports -RRB- . Both carrying straps broke withing 20 minutes of trying to lug those heavy carseats around . A piece of junk . Sunshine - you should be ashamed of yourselves .
 I really liked this initially because the animal motif matched the son 's room . Once you put a few books on it , or any larger books , they all fall over . The ` shelves ' are a single piece of fabric , so weight on one tends to ` shorten ' all the rest . The books on each row fall forward and then out of the shelf . I am looking for a more traditional bookshelf .
 I just wanted to write this review because this product should NOT be sold ! I have NEVER written a review on a product before , but this is such poor craftsmanship that I felt I had to write something and help at least 1 person from buying this bookshelf . It seemed like a great idea , but I can not describe how flimsy and cheap this bookshelf really is . Being handy , I have built this bookcase up , but its still difficult making the functional . I would n't pay $ 5 for this brand new at a garage sale . Do n't buy this
 I would not recommend this shelf to anyone . It is cute , but poorly made & very small . Our original product was delivered with mold spores on the fabric . The second was delivered with a broken piece . We are going to throw in the towel & spend a little more money for something bigger that will last .
 I have assembled quite a few complicated furniture at home and this simple piece is the worst I have ever encountered . The top supporting rod immediately cracked on the first attempt to fix it . One of the screws completely cracked into half!When fully assembled , it looks puny and extremely fragile . Its been a complete waste of moneyProbably , the cost price of this piece is < 5 dollars
 I wanted this book display for my daughter 's room , and read a lot of great reviews here on Amazon , especially complimentary descriptions of the fine carving on the side , which would lead one to believe this product is made of solid wood.However , I called the company prior to ordering it and asked about the materials it was made from . MDF -LRB- medium density fiberboard -RRB- was the representative 's reply . According to the EPA , MDF contains a higher resin-to-wood ratio than any other UF pressed wood product and is generally recognized as being the highest formaldehyde-emitting pressed wood product.I further inquired into whether Guidecraft makes an effort to cut down on indoor environmental pollutants in their pressed wood , by using safer glues , and setting limits on formaldehyde content . The response was no , and that this bookcase does indeed contain formaldehyde , but that Guidecraft has no information available on what level , as this is not something that they monitor or have set regulations concerning.According to all major health organizations , formaldehyde can cause watery eyes , burning sensations in the eyes and throat , nausea , and difficulty in breathing in some humans exposed at elevated levels -LRB- above 0.1 parts per million -RRB- . High concentrations may trigger attacks in people with asthma . There is evidence that some people can develop a sensitivity to formaldehyde . It has also been shown to cause cancer in animals and may cause cancer in humans . Health effects include eye , nose , and throat irritation ; wheezing and coughing ; fatigue ; skin rash ; severe allergic reactions.For those who will undoubtably find this review unhelpful , I hope you 'll consider that with all the China recalls these days , it 's a risky venture to purchase a product with known toxins for your child , made in a country that continually manufactures massively toxic products , by a company who admits that it has no oversight.All else aside , I wish more people would warn others about the scary things we 're bringing into our homes and exposing our kids to ... . Until then , I guess I 'll just keep calling every company I buy from .
 If I had seen this in person in a store I would not have bought it due to flimsyness . If my spouse had not already assembled it I would have returned it . The artistic paintings on sides are textured and just fabulous . The pic on here as of time I wrote this does not show the screw holes . These are holes where screws are inserted through painted sides to screw into the cross rods . If they would have only supplied the typical wooden inserts and had them painted to match then it would be no big deal , but it is irritating that the pic on here is deliberately altered to cover up these obvious holes . They are small -LRB- about 1/4 inch , but there are 7 of them on each side and the hole plus screw head makes obvious contrast to the very cute designs . The rods themselves should be 50 % larger diameter and then the screws into them need to be longer & larger . I actually broke one screw with a hand screw driver and stripped another hole entirely and I was trying to go easy because I knew they might strip out . Even then it still is wiggly and in my opinion not even close enough to being sturdy enough for a toddler . Bottom line , the engineering -LRB- as is so typical these days -RRB- is poor , the paintings are awesome , and the manufacturer tried to cut corners too much by using too cheap of hardware and cross rods . Totally not worth the price.Being it is already together and damaged we will keep it , but most likely we will either replace rods with shelves and paint them to match OR install 2 cross braces diagonally across in back behind book holders . The cross braces will be easiest but shelves would make better look and even more support . If no shelves then for sure longer screws and wood glue to hold screws in . It seems quite reasonable that in one year several screws would strip out holes just from everyday use by a child unless you glue them.Great idea , great artwork , great size albeit small sized for kids , but too cheap on structure and poor engineering .
 Its adorable but its the size of a cloth diaper or a burp pad , not a blanket . It is cute though
 I order the tushies refill packs -LRB- scented -RRB- . I have to say I 'm not impressed . I like the idea that they are all naural and have less ingerdiants then their `` natural '' competetor Seventh Generation , but they just did n't perform.They flimisy and thin ; they rip extremely easy if pulled even slightly.They are n't set up in a popup type fashion so you have to search and search for the begining of the wipe so you can pull it out of the pack and it 's never in the same place . This is NOT fun while you have a very active 10 month old or 2 year old with a poopy bum!My Boys seemed to be irritated by the wipes also , they caused a little bit of a redness and it continued utill all the wipes were gone , so I 'm pretty sure it was due to the wipes . Maybe it was from the scent of them ? Which I have to say is a very nice smell , not too strong.I do n't plan to buy these wipes again , but sometimes I NEED a change from the Seventh Generation because the smell of those wipes after months of use starts to make me sick . So I might buy these again for a small break from the others . I 'm really hoping to find a better natural brand for around the same price.These wipes are OK for an all natural option . Seventh Generation wipes are better and cheaper .
 I was looking for an alternative Rose scented soap so thought I 'd try Dr. Bronner - Organic Castile Soap . I wo n't buy it again . It smells more like bad soap than rose and does n't lather very well , not even in soft-water .
 I would not recommend this product . My 6 month old pulled the hearth cushion off within 5 minutes . It did not attach strongly enough to the hearth . As soon as we would put it back on , my daughter would pull it off and try to chew on it . It was useless for us . A total waste of money .
 Terrible flimsy product . It arrived withot an adhesive to apply it to our hearth . Very flimsy and just crap ! Not reccomended . .
 I bought this product to cover my fireplace . The sticky pad did not work . It arrived looking worn . I would not recommend .
 After cutting this item and attaching it to my fireplace per the instructions , it looked ... well ... okay . But by that night there were gaps between the different sections . It was almost as if it had stretched while I was handling it to lay it out straight and then condensed or something after I attached it . It would be next to impossible I think to attach the different pieces/parts without there being any gaps.I mean - it works and hopefully prevent my daughter from getting hurt to badly if she hits her head on the fireplace , but it is defnitely a cheap-o eyesore . I should have known from the sketchy packaging that this product would be awful.Edit - My daughter can pull this off like its nothing . I guess I 'll be buying a replacement now . Worse than worthless .
 Although a good idea ... it still needs some work . We have a brick hearth and a very curious 10 month old ... and this is , well , there . First , the double sided tape needs some work - I dont know if anything sticks to brick , but there has to be something stronger that can be offered . Secondly , my 10mo has decided that she wants to continually pull this off - and she can with ease -- we just keep re-sticking it back on ! This does n't look great ... does n't work great ... but for the time being it is there .
 My 9 month old had this thing off within minutes , the adhesive simply did n't stick to the brick . I had a different product with my older child before that worked so much better . I 'll be searching for that other one again now , because this product was pretty much useless .
 Great concept for this product . got it , applied it and whoosh , it fell off .
 Bought this to keep our 7 month old from hurting herself on our fireplace . She can pull it off !!! Does not stay stuck , and the baby chews on it if we are not watching her .
 I bought this as soon as my daughter started walking . With it on the fire place it made her want to play with it so she was always by the fireplace playing . She could easily pull it off even after I put stronger tape on it . After taking it off and throwing it in the trash she is uninterested in the fireplace now .
 I bought this product and the first day my 8 month old was able to get it off the fire place . A couple days later he took it off again with only one hand . He then went to grab it with his other hand and went face first into the brick . He had a cut right above his eye . We took him to he ER and they had to put 3 stitches in . OMG ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! I actually do not give it any stars but was required to select at least one .
 I was happy to receive this product , it looks nice and matches our red brick hearth fairly well . However , as I was about to install it I discovered that it was not long enough for my hearth . I measured before I ordered and my hearth is 8 ' long and should have fit . It was a couple inches short . If your hearth is shorter than 77 '' go ahead and order but if it is long , do not bother .
 Followed directions exactly as stated . Bought this to avoid injury with my grandson when he visits . edges started pulling away from adhesive pads couple days after application . Did not stick at all . This stuff was a complete waste of money .
 I measured my fireplace and ordered this product because it had length to spare . The product description says 90 inches across the front , 10 inches on the sides . The long front piece is ONLY 72 INCHES LONG . There is no way to make this 90 inches across the front and 10 inches on the sides . VERY FRUSTRATING !
 My daughter pulled this cushion off of our fireplace instantly and it has n't stuck properly since . Huge waste of $ 20 . I followed their directions for cleaning the brick and everything . I am not happy with this at all .
 it 's kind of loud to use , but it was fine ... until the poo started getting stinky . then the diaper champ was n't so much of a champ . ended up getting rid of it and buying the safety 1st neat diaper disposal system and i absolutely love it . even though you have to go buy specific liners , it 's worth it because our baby 's room is no longer stinky at all .
 While my son was an infant , the Champ was fine . Real food produces real smells and breast milk and formula did not . Now that he 's a toddler , I have stopped using it because ... . I am LAZY ! I have NO TIME or PLACE to clean up the thing to make it stop smelling . This is one of the suggestions/rules of ANY diaper refuse product . To make it work well , buy THICK trash bags not generic brands . The thicker the bag , the less smell seeps out . I just put the Champ in the trash can.To me however , the Genie seems to offend less . For the past year I have had a used Diaper Genie and for my son 's most offensive diapers , they go in there ! It just finally broke and I 'm online today to buy another Genie . Hope this recent mention helps .
 I purchased this diaper pail before my child was born thinking all diaper pails were the same . I was wrong ! This diaper pail has smelled bad from the beginning . It must be changed daily -LRB- or more -RRB- to keep out bad odors , and be washed . Also , it hurts your hand to open it and empty it . What a pain . I 'm glad I received diaper genie as a shower gift . Much better at keeping out odors . Really a trash can would work just as well as this diaper pail .
 At first I thought that this diaper pails was wonderful , it kept in the stink and used regular garbage bags . Well , I was wrong , it smells so horrible that I am throwing it out and I am buying a Diaper Genie . The smell is so nasty that I just ca n't take it anymore . Changing it is even worse ; the smell attacks you when you open it and lingers for a long time . Please do n't buy this waste of money .
 I read the online reviews for this and opted to register for the Diaper Champ based on feedback . I am incredibly dissapointed with this product . Diapers and/or wipes tend to fall out of the cylinder when rotating it unless you pack it down , which is hard to do when changing a baby . Also , the diapers tended to get stuck in the cylinder if the bag was not changed out often . Changing the bag out often caused a lot of wasted bags because they would n't even be half full . It also does not do a good job a containing the odor like the Genie has in the past . I am very disappointed in this and the customer reviews that raved over the product .
 Well , the first three months were odor free !! Then after the charcoal chamber absorbed all the odor - watch out . After the3rd month , it was intolerable !! I am going out tomorrow to purchase the diaper genie or something better !!! No matter how much you clean or how often you spray with Lysol the smell keepscoming back . And they do n't have a website to complain too !
 We bought this , tried it and never got it to work properly . The air-lock gasket kept getting caught when you would try to drop the diaper into the hopper . Being an engineer , I quickly concluded it was pointless to expend any energy on getting it to work , and just threw it out . We bought a small SimpleHuman step can , and have been very happy , since . If you get a SimpleHuman can , I recommend getting the bags designed to be used with the can .
 This thing is terrible . Constant problems with turning the handle to deposit the diapers . Handle always gets stuck .
 I would avoid this diaper pail unless you want a rancid blast of air in your face everytime you dare to swing the handle from one side of the pail to the other . Another nice feature of the diaper pail is the fact that wipes get lodged in the pail which prevents one from completely swinging the handle over . This results in a continuous struggle of having to jiggle and tug on the handle to get the wipe dislodged which causes even more blasts of fresh , i mean rancid , air to be released directly in your face . Buyer beware ! seriously ...
 After reading reviews we bought this thinking it would be more economical , since you do n't need the special bags . It 's so not worth it . Everytime you flip the lid it pushes this horrible smell into the room . I 've tried baking soda , bleach , dryer sheets , vinegar-you name it , we tried it . And the residual smell of past diapers is still in there , nothing makes it go away . It still stinks . And now that my daughter is walking she flips the drum back and forth , you have to leave the room . We 're switching to the diaper dekor , it actually works .
 The basic idea may be good but after 4 days I am ready to hurl this piece of junk out a window . Even when it worked `` right '' it was a pain because it is so cheaply made that it is very top-heavy . When you try to swing the lever to drop the diaper you have to stand firmly on the tiny foot braces with both feet , or the whole thing just falls over . That 's mainly because the door thing does n't work smoothly at the best of times , and now 4 days into it the seal ring is coming off and getting in the way making it nearly impossible to work . Add to that the fact that wipes , etc. are getting stuck and coming back out.The only good thing about this product is that unlike most of the others it uses standard garbage bags . I wish it cost twice as much and was twice as well constructed -- if it worked right it would be well worth it -- but as it is it 's a waste of money.Especially if you 're a new parent with your first child please believe the negative reviews and avoid this thing . The last thing you need with a new baby is to be stressed and angry over a stupid diaper pail .
 We had the older diaper champ for years and loved it . The handle broke off so we bought a new one . Perhaps our problem is that we are using it will pull-ups and not diapers but everytime we turn it over , it gets stuck and I have to open it up and push the diaper down . The thing is useless . It frustrates everyone . I 'm going to try to find an older model on Ebay . I do n't normally review products but I felt so strongly about this one that I had to . I would never recommend this product to anyone .
 This is a waste of money . No matter what you do it still smells ! Also very hard to clean ! It is neat that you can use your own bags , but the concept of the bag sealing like the diaper genie when you put it in seems like it would work better . My suggestion would be not to throw diapers in the trash cans inside the house just tie them up in a plastic sack maybe even a sented one and throw it away in your trash can outside to emliminate smell !! b/c not matter what you do if you put dirty diapers inside ANYWHERE they will smell , even when using this !!
 I purchased the white with blue trim from BabiesRUs and thought it looked and sounded great for the money . I would have rather spent more money for a better one . This `` champ '' will only flip diapers , no trash , q-tips or wipes . If you have anything you want to throw away either open up the entire pail and smell the dirty diapers or have another can just for trash . There is one good mention and that it that it takes normal kitchen size bags . I will be buying a different pail in the next few days .
 I saw lots of good reviews on this diaper pail , and I liked the idea of using any old 13 gallon bag.HOWEVER , it turns out that cloth diapers will forever get stuck when you flip the lid over , since a little bit of the fabric gets caught when the piece inside drops down . Then , when you have a dirty diaper the next time , and go to flip the lid to get rid of the diaper , it sticks and wo n't turn , so you get to pick the diaper back out of the top , open the entire top -LRB- as you would to change the bag -RRB- , and stick the diaper in manually that way.We tried to suffer through with the infant diapers , but when we went to the next size up , forget it ! Every single time we tried to put in a diaper , it would stick . We just went to Target and got a stainless steel step can -LRB- garbage can -RRB- and already are much much happier.I think the Diaper Champ might work just fine for disposables , since they do n't have loose edges that can get caught and make the top stick , but DO NOT BUY if you plan to use cloth . It WO N'T WORK .
 I have the original Diaper Champ and this one . The original Diaper Champ worked well but this one is horrible ! The bottom is wider than the top so the diapers fill up the wider spot at the bottom making it hard to pull the bag out of the top . What a horrible design !
 This product worked well until my child reached about 12 months . I assume it was the larger size of the diapers . At that point , the bin would be half full , but the diapers and wipes would keep popping out of the bin - which is just disgusting . I had to carefully wrap all of the wipes into the dirty diaper and fold each shut . Then waste -LRB- the bm variety -RRB- smeared all inside of the canister mechanism . I made a valiant attempt to clean it - which is utterly impossible with all of the crevices . I went and bought another `` improved '' Champ . I meticulously folded , rolled and fastened each diaper . But it happened again shortly thereafter . I bought the least expensive `` simple '' diaper pail for $ 10 and I have not had a problem since .
 Here 's my list of things I did n't like about this pail :1 . I found that the chamber did n't always push the diaper into the pail -LRB- had to push by hand ... yuk -RRB- 2 . It made a lot of noise when it actually worked3 . After a few months of use , the `` stink '' liner tore and fell out which then allowed all the stink to escape .4 . The diapers always stacked on top of one another . I would have to shake the pail to get them to spread out , but even then it did n't hold much -LRB- or it did n't seem that way with twins -RRB- . Here 's my list of things I liked :1 . It used regular garbage bags
 Poop gets all over this disposal , the smell is atrocious . Spend the extra $ for the genie & refills ... less poop smeared everywhere !
 I absolutely hate this thing . First all the little hole on top is too small for all but the tiniest newborn diapers . So , you have to fold the darn things into these little compact bundles , getting baby poo and pee all over your hands . Then you cram it in the tiny little hole and poop inevitably gets all over the hole . And if the pail is the least bit full , the lid wo n't flip . So , yes , you need to take out the diaper and wriggle the handle . All this defeats the purpose of having a `` hands-free '' diaper pail ! Get a regular old trash can with a pedal on the front , stick in a air-freshener , and save yourself some time and money .
 I read reviews on this site before buying this diaper pail . I thought it was going to work well , and I had high expectations . Unfortunately , it broke after only two weeks of use , and since it was kept in our baby 's bedroom , it was n't even used all the time -- it was only used when we changed a diaper upstairs.I was VERY disappointed that I did n't keep the receipt . I would have made Babies R Us take it back.I recently had a friend over to see the baby . She saw the diaper pail -LRB- we had n't pitched it yet -RRB- and asked me if I liked it . I told her that it had broken and was a waste of -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . My friend said that she had the same one and that it had also broken quickly -LRB- after approximately 4 weeks of use -RRB- ! Obviously , there 's a pattern here.I have a Diaper Genie now , and I 'm pleased with it . I had to read the instructions on how to use it , but it 's been working well -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- .
 Do n't believe anyone that says that this is an odor-free diaper pail . The baby 's whole room smells like poopy diapers . Plus the chute often gets clogged with diapers so you have to open the lid -LRB- which is n't easy -RRB- and pull all the dirty diapers from the chute into the pail . The only good thing about it is that you can use any kind of garbage bag .
 We used this diaper pail from the day we brought our son home , until about 13 months . That 's when it went from Oderless , to ODEROUS ! Even when empty ! So , I took it to the tub , scrub it down with disinfectant . It still smelled . So then I used straight bleach . That seemed to work -- for about 3 days . Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not . However , for the previous 13 months-this is what I encountered - PROS - Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient . The height is a more convenient reach than others , where you have to hunch over . Its stable , so a curious toddler ca n't easily tip it over.CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor . Also , diapers tend to stay in the middle , causing the pail to get backed up . Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you do n't tightly wrap them first . My toddler thought rotating the top was fun-he always wanted to play with it -LRB- Being a diaper pail , I 'd prefer he not be enticed by something so unsanitary . -RRB-
 The Diaper Champ worked ok for a while . After we washed it down for sanitary reasons , and let it dry thoroughly , the seal seemed to weaken and let incredible odors out ! We switched to the Diaper Genie and are completely satisfied with it . No more odors !
 I have to admit , I loved the idea of the diaper champ ... in the beginning . Now , I am looking for another diaper disposal system . My son is only 1 month old . . and the diaper champ is not holding up in the anti-stink department . I have tried cleaning the diaper champ according to the inserts recommendations , with no luck . I am also changing the bags way before they are full , to see if that helps ... it does n't . Whenever you walk into my sons room , all you can smell is stinky diapers . I thought maybe I had done something wrong when inserting the trash bag or closing it ... nope . So now , after only 1 month ... I am off to try and find a less stinky diaper pail .
 I have a 3yr old & 4mo old . I purchased this one because my other diaper pail broke . I thought this one would keep the odors out because of its design ... well I was wrong . My complaints with this diaper pail are
 This product works fine for isolating diaper odors , but overall I was disappointed . If you plan on using cloth diapers , this wo n't work for you . Anything other than disposables that have been wrapped up in a ball will get caught in the flipping mechanism . Then the top has to be opened and the items pulled out - negating the purpose of the whole thing . Also , the bags are a bit difficult to get out and tear if you 're not super careful .
 I bought the Diaper Champ based on all the positive reviews . Contrary to what it says in the description , this is NOT a good product for cloth diapers!About 75 % of times we put our cloth diapers into the champ they would get stuck when trying to drop into the bag . And these are newborn sized diapers ... the problem would just get worse with older kids . I called the company of Diaper Champ to try and solve the problem and they informed me that the Diaper Champ is not for use with cloth diapers !! With that said , I can see how this would be a good diaper pail for those using disposables . It is easy and quick to use .
 We bought this because we heard it can be used for cloth diapering as well as disposables . It works well for disposables , keeps smells in , uses any bag etc - all the good things people say . But for cloth , we found the bin to be too small and would fill up fast . And the cloth diapers have a way of jamming in the flip top part - so we 'd end up just opening the whole thing up every time we had to change a diaper which completely defeated the purpose . If you 're using disposables , this this is great . But if you 're cloth diapering , a regular garbage can with a loose fitting lid works much better .
 Dh and I loved this pail until we went up to the first size of 4X8X4 cloth diapers . They were too big for the drum to turn effectively , and the diapers often got stuck . We tossed it and bought a plain old pail . I suppose it could also be a problem with the last two sizes of disposables .
 Capacity speaking this Diaper Champ is the `` champ '' , but when it comes to being odor free it 's a FAR cry from that . It stinks much worse than the DIAPER GENIE . I have had both products and they both are not worth the price . A $ 10.00 trash can , with a couple of air freshners is a better investment .
 I have decided that I need a racket like these to make me rich , something that new parents think they have to have for their little one . I know in my house we empty our trash atleast 1x a day , sometimes we get a day and 1/2 out of it . I assure you , this is MORE than you will ever change your Diaper Champ , Diaper Genie or any other diaper pail specifically used for diapers . It can take quite a few days to fill it up ... and then people complain that it smells ?? Hmm ... Get a new Kitchen trash can with a lid.Avoid these things they are more headache than they are worth .
 I have had the Diaper Champ in my son 's room for 6 months and all of a sudden the room smells like dirty diapers all the time . The smell is starting to linger down the hall . I cleaned the diaper champ , let it air out over night and then sprayed it with lysol and it is still stinking up the room !
 This pail for some reason smells no matter how well you wash it , no matter what you use to wash it !! A friend of mine has the same problem with her Diaper Champ . It doesnt hold the liner well , the tube gets stuck and it SMELLS ! I found that using my kitchen garbage can works fine and cost $ 3.00 , the kitchen garbage goes out every night so there is no smell , no hassle and costs less .
 Booooo ! Thumbs down to this stinker of a product . Never seemed to contain the odor even when bag was changed daily ! Would try to air it out in the laundry room to freshen it up ... but spent so much time caring for this supposedly handy product , that it was just easier to bag the diapers and throw them out . YUCK ! Also , rubber gasket pulled off after a while . Do n't waste your money . Use a garbage instead !
 We saw this diaper pail and thought it was neat looking , easy to use , and did not take extra bags . So we registered for it and recieved it as a shower gift . I bought vanilla scented bags and have used it regularly.I keep it very clean but it does not matter you can still smell a poopy diaper that you rolled up and put in it hours later . It just does not keep the smell in the can.My daughters room just smells like used diapers . i would be better off putting a cute garbage can in there and throwing the dirties outside every night like you do with kitty litter .
 I have been using this product now for 12 months . It was great for the first 8 or so , but now , I could gag every time I walk into my daughters room . It is easy to use , but ease is not the issue when you feel like throwing up every time you change a diaper . I have tried everything . Bleach , baking soda , `` odor obsorbing '' trash bags , Lysol and even a `` Stick-up '' . Nothing works now , the odor is a constant . I change the bag 4 times a week -LRB- that is the other draw back , does not hold much -RRB- so it is not like there is tons of filth just piling up in there . I am currently looking for something else , but after reading the reviews on the other products , nothing sounds very good !
 We registered for this pail based on the excellent reviews and fact you can use your own bags . Like the other few previous reviewers , I have found this pail to stink to high heaven , just on day two ! It is much easier to just walk to diaper into the kitchen and toss it there , knowing the garbage goes out that night and we do n't have to deal with the odor ... the diaper champ stunk up the nursery and it took an entire day to smell decent again.Do not recommend this product .
 It works ok . I 've had it for a few months - I bought it based on its positive reviews in baby bargains , but I 'm going to find something else . The biggest drawback is that a couple days after emptying it , stuff starts getting stuck in the device so that you have to open it up and wrench poopy wet wipes unstuck ... defeats the purpose of an airtight bin.I have n't compared it with other bins , so I could n't say whether it 's the lesser of evils , but hopefully there 's something better out there for the job .
 The diaper champ worked great for the first few months . However , when the diapers started getting messier the poop from the diapers smears against the plastic chute if you do n't wrap the diaper perfectly before disposing of it . Sure , you can not smell the diapers from inside the container , but the poop stuck in the chute is enough to smell up any room and I did not want to wash the diaper champ every day ... I got the diaper genie a few months ago and like it much better .
 At first I thought the Diaper Champ was great , but then my sons diapers began to stink so bad - we finally put the diaper champ at the curb to go with our recycling . The Diaper Champ made my sons bathroom stink like a diaper pail - NO THANKS ! We went out and bought the Diaper Genie 2 - its the best - no stink what so ever in my sons bathroom . To me it is no big deal to buy the refills for the Diaper Genie 2 because I CA N'T stand nasty diaper smell .
 I received as a gift the diaper Champ . Boy what a gift ! my friends though they where being practical not having to buy cassettes that was a mistake . The smell that filled the nursery was just horrible . I will be shopping for a new daper pail .
 My baby is two weeks old and I CAN SMELL the accrual of diapers , after the third day you can definitely start to smell a faint odor from all the diapers . However , since I have more than one diaper disposal system in my home it was n't even full however , it began to smell and did n't push the diapers all the way down . The lever that supposed to push them down just sits on top of them and when you empty the bag there is still tons of room . If you are going to change the diaper champ every single day then you might want to buy it .
 This is just a fancy trashcan , because it smells bad once you put a dirty diaper in there !! Everytime you flip the handle you get a whiff of what is underneath ! Which would be dirty diapers ! If you dont empty it everyday the scent lingers ! It is not just my sensitive nose , but this thing can really stink up a room . I clean it every 2 days with Clorox Clean up , Oust odor spray , and put a citrus stick up inside , and it STILL knocks me out with letting the stench escape ! I have used this product for 7 weeks , and Im ready to put it out in the garage and use it as the downstairs `` diaper pail '' NOT IN THE HOUSE it stinks too bad ! The diaper Champ is not such a knockout ! IM heading for the genie !!!!!!!!
 Everytime I use this system I have to use my hand to force the diaper in the pail . Also the seal broke and the smell is aweful !!!!! The seal was broke wihtin the first month and now I am looking to find a new diaper dispisal ... this product is no champ , it gets a KO -LRB- knock out -RRB- not an OK from me !
 Bad construction is my main issue . My husband assembled it and when changing the bag , you 're supposed to open up the top head part which tilts back . There 's a little plastic tab that 's suppused to slide in as your opening the top , but instead it get 's cought so it allows the top to open up only partially . It may just be one defective item that somehow passed the quality control inspection , but I 've given up on diaper pails in general . Talking to 1st time parents , I found out that almost everyone gets one , but almost everyone stops using them very quickly .
 I have a 2 year old ; I stopped using the diaper champ when he turned about 1 . The smell was awful . I tried leaving an air fresher in the pail but it still did not help . I even called the Baby Trend -LRB- they where extremely helpful -RRB- about a gasket replacement since mine tore and smelled . And that did not help . We finally just gave up on it .
 Loved this for the first six months . I used tall kitchen bags with odor neutralizing patches and the Champ worked like a charm . Until ... I found a piece of old foam hanging from the drum . This was the `` liner '' and after it fell out the Champ was SMELLY . I called customer service and they were nice and not the least bit surprised that the liner had worn out after only six months . They promptly sent a replacement and explained how to take the `` drum '' apart so I could attach the new liner . Much easier said than done . Took a full very frustrating hour and once I 'd pried the blue knobs off , they were never the same . The knobs would no longer stay attached to the drum and every time one fell off out would come stinky diaper smell . I called the company again and they were nice enough and sent replacement knobs but the Champ is not the same ; plus , customer service said the liner has to be replaced every six months . What a drag . I ca n't imagine that six months from now I 'm going to want go through the whole thing again . The concept is good but the design is flawed .
 It 's true , it does not work as well as the diaper genie . I am going back to that . I have used both and I can assure you , this product does not contain smells - I even put it in the closet , and still we smell it ! Save yourself the money .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Even if your nails are not very long , you will inevitably break off whatever you do have opening the top of this diaper pail . And no matter how often you change the bag , it will always smell like poop . I cleaned and disinfected mine to death , even soaking it in Lysol cleaner for days and there is no way to get that smell out . It 's really gross . You 're better off using it just for wet diapers and putting smelly diapers in a small plastic grocery bag and taking them right out to the garbage cans in the garage until garbage day . I have 3 1/2 year old twins and a 6 month old , and I have not used my Diaper Champ since my twins were a month old . The Diaper Genie may be a pain because you have to purchase refills , but it is much better controlling the smell .
 when changing the bags it 's easy to pinch your fingers when opening the cover . it 's also stinky . there 's no barrier from the rotating portion and the diapers so when the diapers get close to the top it can get pretty stinky ... yes , change it often and wash it often . once baby is eating solid food it 's tough keeping it from smelling . i wipe daily and wash out once a week , and also change the bag at least 2x 's a week . there 's got to be something better !
 I got the champ before Jack was born and thought I made a wise investment . Heard the horror stories and read the reviews on many other diaper pails , so I figured I 'd save money on refills and the ` plunger ' seemed to be a logical way to prevent the stink . Worked great in the beginning when Jack was breastfed and even when on formula . Still okay after introducing cereal and then came the sweet potatoes and squash along with the horrors of stinky diapers . I emptied the champ more often-like 2-3 times a week even if it was not full . I still wiped it out with clorox wipes and sprayed lysol every time I changed the bag . Then I had to start leaving the windows open and the ceiling fan on high-did I mention this was during the summer and we have no a/c ??? Anyway , Jack will be 2 in May and I am now shopping for a new pail . I have tried everything including dropping in a new baking soda refridgerator pack at the bottom of the pail once a week to get rid of the nasty smell . I can not continue to hold my breath when I change the pail-let alone let my poor son sleep in the same room with those toxic fumes!I am shopping around for a new pail ... God help me !
 We used the old Diaper Champ model that is taller and more slender than this squatty new model for our first son . When our second baby came along , we bought another Diaper Champ being loyal customers . We wish the old model was still on the market because it worked much better . This squatty model may be new , but it is not improved . If anything , Baby Trends has gone backwards on this new model . The larger whole at the top is nice , but the handle is harder to turn than the old model and you have to bend down a lot more since this model is n't as tall . It also seems like there is less diaper capacity in the new model so we are emptying it more frequently . Worst of all , it does n't contain diaper odor as well as the old model . With each turn of the handle the larger whole in the top emits a puff of stinky diaper smell into the room , which starts to stick around when you 're changing as many diapers as you do with a new baby . Baby Trends
 We purchased this diaper disposal system after looking at all the others , comparing features and prices . We decided to go with this one , based on it 's larger than most size and from the positive reviews it got . WE ARE VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT !!!!! I T S T I N K S - L I T E R A L L Y !!!!! The first couple of days , it was fine . Then we started noticing the odor and it just got worse the longer we used it . Whether there 's one diaper or ten , it stinks the same . It performs the same as the cheap $ 2.00 plastic garbage can with lid that I originally used in the beginning -LRB- I should 've just kept that one and saved my money -RRB- . You can literally smell the awful odor permeating through the plastic . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!! YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED !!!
 We bought the Diaper Champ to start with because of the every day trash bags you can use , the holding capicity , ease of use , etc , etc. . Boy were we suckered . We have been using this product for 7 and a half months , and that has been about 3 to 4 months to LONG !!! As soon as my daughter started solids , the smell has been slowly creeping up a little bit more every day . Now that thing is stinking the whole house up . It has no odor control at all . I will say it worked great for a breastfeed baby . Unless you plan to feed him or her forever off you . Plan on buying a 2nd system down the road to replace this one . I 'd say look for something else ! if you want a one and only investment !
 I have had a diaper genie for almost 4 years since my first son was born and I have been using it with my second as well . I thought I 'd try the champ to save $ on the genie refills . Well it is not a $ saver because it does not hold the odor inside so I was constantly changing the trash bags . The diaper genie is not odorless , but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it . The champ is just like a regular trash can with a lid-just looks fancier . I suppose you could use it as a regular trash can in your child 's room-they would n't be able to get into it ! Do n't waste your $ to `` save '' $ ! Buy the genie-your nose will thank you !! Also , if you do n't keep the dirty wipes enclosed in the diaper , they get this thing all dirty and you have to clean it ! YUCK !
 I think that parents of infants are probably pleased with this pail , but taking care of two toddlers I had some real concerns when I had this diaper pail .1 . I am constantly telling them not to put their hand into the hole the dirty diapers go in - Just gross since the diapers directly touch this area with no liner ! 2 . If you have only a wipe or something smaller to throw away they tend to make the `` plunger '' stick . Also not good with pull-up diapers since you can not secure them with the velcro tabs .3 . We had a babysitter put a really messy diaper in the pail without wrapping it up and the `` plunger '' area was IMPOSSIBLE to clean and held water in it when I tried to spray it out . I ended up having to throw it out .4 . Only OK keeping out the smells . When you put a diaper down a whoosh of nasty smelling air comes out.I ended up getting the new diaper genie to replace this one and love it in comparison mostly for cleanliness issues . This is my third try getting a diaper pail -LRB- at first I was adament about not getting special refills -RRB- and I finally got it right .
 I would not recommend this to anyone ! Its really easy but it smells all the time . You could smell it down the hallway it was so bad . We even bought the air fresheners that you plug into the wall and it did n't improve the smell at all . I still use it for wet diapers but if there is a dirty one I take it outside to the trash can so it does n't smell up my house.Try anything but the diaper champ .
 This is easy , but horribly smelly . I suggest saving your money and buying a regular trash can . You will get the same effect , because this does n't do anything special .
 The Diaper champ is NO champ ! MY BATHROOM STINKS !! The diaper would keep getting stuck and now that there 's nothing in the champ because I have stopped using it the handle still does not turn . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE !!!!!
 The diaper champ shoot system is a good idea , but the shoot to put the diapers in constantly gets stuck because you have to CONSTANTLY change the trash bag . With a baby , you know you have LOTS of diapers to change . You have to change the bag every day ! And when the shoot gets stuck , the poopy diapers get all over the shoot and you have to stick your hand in it to pull them out ! GROSS . It did fight the odor and it would be hard for a toddler to get into it ... . Still , the fact is that it 's not big enough and it 's unsanitary . You would probably be able to get about 5 bigger diapers in it before the shoot sticks ! Like my husband says , `` I have that thing ! '' It 's now in the corner of our garage . : -RRB-
 Do not waste your money !!!! I just threw my 8 month old Champ out FINALLY !!! Could not take closing their door at night anymore !! I was starting to put the thing in the hallway so the room did not smell like a barn in the morning !!!! Went and got the NEAT 2 . Totally odor-free FIANLLY !!! The $ 5.00 bags are worth not an ounce of smell . What a disappointment !! Not to mention how grossed out I would become when the cylindar did not go down fully and I have to push with my hand . YUCK ! A DIRTY DIAPER WAS JUST THERE !!! Trust this review !!! I know someone else with one of these and SAME THING !!!! P-U !!!!!!
 We read all the reviews and wanted the convenience of using regular bags . After using the Champ for 1 month I have to say that it does control the odors so far.HOWEVER , it is sometimes very difficult to open it up . * Sometimes it will tip over if you do n't lift the hatch perfectly . * The diapers we use are size 1 and we wrap them up tight . They STILL get stuck in the plunger . The hole is too small for the diapers to go on . I 'll open it and there are 3 diapers stuck in the hole . Unless you perfectly place the diaper , wrapped super tight , they will get stuck . I ca n't imagine what will happen when the diapers get larger.I am disappointed overall with this product . I would like to see these concerns addressed by the company . Hope this helps !
 I do admit I like the idea of using regular trash bags but the oder that it leaves is horrible . I could n't stand the smell any longer and got rid of the Diaper Champ ! It is much easier to take out the trash once a day than live with a smelly room . PLEASE REMEMBER THAT NEWBORNS DO NOT HAVE SMELLY DIAPERS ! So of course you will not smell anything until your little one starts to eat more solid foods . It is just disgusting ! I highly recommend saving yourself $ 30 and taking the trash out once a day .
 My son is 17 months old now and the thing with diaper pails is that the dumptser outside will always be the best place for those solid-food-eating stinky diapers . We 've had this one from the beginning , and it 's good enough for wet diapers , but we do n't dare put stinky diapers in there . Even with only putting wet diapers in , when we change out the bag , we let the pail sit outside , opened up and sprayed with lysol overnight before putting a new bag in and putting it back in the house . I just do n't know that you can really expect `` odor-free '' from any diaper pail.That said , we 've been satisfied enough with this pail , but then just yesterday the foam lining on the top came out . I 'm sure the smell factor will worsen now , so , trying to decide with another baby on the way if we 'll buy yet another one of these or go with a different pail that requires expensive bags -- ???
 I just read the great reviews about this product and am very surprised to hear people do n't have problem with the smell . I have had the Diaper Champ for 16 months now , and think it is pretty cost effective , compare to the Diaper Genie , but frankly I am considering buying something else , cause it really does not keep the odors in . We have to change the bag every couple of days , when it is not even full because it is pretty disgusting.So just because of that I would not recommend it .
 This product is n't that bad ... however it is not smell proof . I love the fact that it will take any type of trash bag , but if you do not empty the pail out daily the smell leaks out into your baby 's room and it does not smell pleasant .
 We had the `` Champ '' -LRB- aka Chump -RRB- for less than 3 weeks before the odor became unbearable . Even tried using deodorized bags and had a Stick-Up in the diaper pail . And within the same time the tumbler started to stick - it would n't slide from one side to the other without an extra push . Save your money and your time - skip this dud !
 I bought the Diaper Champ last year when I first had my twins , and I think it only got used for about a month . The rubber seal broke off and released the stink into the room . The container is also too small and I found myself changing the liner too often . The lid is also very hard -LRB- and painful -RRB- to open . Watch out if you have nails ! We use cloth diapers , which I found to pile one on top of the other as the can got fuller . I would then have to shake the can or reach in and disperse the diapers so that I can fill it further . Often I would have to push the piston down with my hand to force the diaper into the can when it got stuck . The piston and cylinder area would get soiled and I would have to often clean it . If you have twins or if you are using cloth diapers , I do not recommend this product . Instead we use a plastic flip-top lid container with a stick-up in it and have been very happy with that .
 I bought this diaper pail because of the good online rating and the fact that I did n't have to worry about special refills -- just standard garbage bags . Well , I was happy with it -- until my son turned 5 months old and started eating solids . Whew ! Very stinky ! This diaper pail does not contain odors ! I 've even tried scented garbage bags and stickups . We 're buying a Diaper Genie .
 I chose this pail because I did n't want to spend alot on a daiper pail . In the end , I spent more because I had to buy a different one . After only a few months of using it , the seal broke and the odor came through . The latch would get stuck making it difficult to change the bag . This is certainly not worth buying !!
 I hate it !!! It is a horrible product that in no way keeps the diaper smells in . It worked fine for the first couple of months , but the diapers barely stunk then . Shortly after that , it started really stinking , I 'm talking about stinking up the whole back of the house ! It stunk even when it was empty ! I tried cleaning it many times with bleach and changed out the gaskets twice !!! After 8 months of stinkiness , I threw it away !!! I bought it in the first place because it had good reviews and got a good review in a book
 We bought this specifically so we would n't have to get the refills . After four days , we bleached it and took it back . The bags fall off or gets caught when you flip the diaper to dispose of it . Sometimes we 'd open it to see that half the diapers had fallen behind the bag.Great idea but needs some engineering refinement .
 Our Diaper Champ kept getting stuck , either on the diaper tape or something on the gasket . This is not a good thing , especially at 4am after very significant output from our daughter . The Diaper Champ does a great job of containing the smell , but only if you can get the diaper in there . :--LRB- Also , Diaper Champ 's customer support was very disappointing . We returned our Diaper Champ for a Diaper Dekor .
 When I was pregnant with my daughter -LRB- who is now 2 -RRB- , I made the mistake of putting a Diaper Genie on my registry ... . then I realized how much the replacement bags cost and exchanged the Genie for this Diaper Champ . It was more reasonably priced and you could use regular tall kitchen garbage bags in it . As a new mom , I thought this would be the best thing to get for icky smelly diapers . Well , I must admit , I was wrong!Some things to note on this `` Diaper Champ '' ... 1 . Plan on replacing the bag at least once every two days whether it 's full or not ! Otherwise it starts to smell horribly ! 2 . You end up wasting garbage bags because you need to change the bag at least every two days -LRB- Major waste ~ if the bag is half full , it 's shocking !! Starting to making the Diaper Genie sound a little more reasonable ! -RRB- .3 . Takes up unnecessary space , especially if your child does not have the largest of rooms ! A crib , dresser , changing table , rocker and all the other things you need for your baby take up enough space ! 4 . Cats love this thing and like to knock it over -LRB- I imagine the same with dogs ?! -RRB- 5 . Watch out ... when your child starts to crawl ~ major concern over it falling on them . And when they get a little older ~ they want to play with it -LRB- too unsanitary for this mom ! -RRB- 6 . You ca n't take it with you ... . dilema ~ what do you do when you 're not at home ... hmmm ~ but what about those wonderful little smelly blue bags ?? -LRB- Another waste of money as far as I am concerned ! -RRB- 7 . Why would you purposely make more work for yourself ? Now you 're taking out an extra bag of garbage every day or two !! A VERY SMELLY extra bag of garbage -LRB- it literally makes you gag when you take the top off of it ! -RRB- . Not to mention that you have to remove the Champ from your babies room to clean it out each time you remove a bag or the odor will set into the plastic -LRB- do n't forget that Lysol is toxic to babies ~ so you have to leave the Diaper Champ out of your babies room until it airs out all the way ! -RRB- 8 . What do you do with it when your child is done with diapers ? -LRB- Typically around 2 yrs -RRB- Sell it ?? Who would want to buy it ?? Ewwwe!OK , so you 're probably wondering what I used if I got sick of wasting tall kitchen bags ... SIMPLE SOLUTION
 I do n't know how everyone can say this diaper pail keeps in the diaper odor . Sure at first it does pretty well with a breastfed baby 's soiled diapers , but once they get into solids it is no better than a garbage can . The smell was so bad I had to move it to the patio . The entire room smelled like nasty urine and poop and , somehow , small nats -LRB- baby flies -RRB- would grow inside of the bag in the diapers ! Even , though , we would empty it once per week because otherwise the smell was unbearable . Another thing you really do hurt your fingers everytime you open it and for a low maintenance mommy like me a short length nail is all I have , but this darn thing makes sure break even that off . The pail itself develops a permanent stench of diapers that no matter how you wash it , it just wo n't leave . I used it for my first two children and now I 'm expecting my third and I 've registered for the diaper genie . In conclusion good for the first couple of months , but more than that just use a garbage can .
 This pail might be fine for disposables , but it 's a pain if you 're using cloth diapers and a service . It 's really hard to keep clean -LRB- it gets pretty disgusting -RRB- , it does n't hold a whole week of diapers , the diapers fall in the middle and do n't distribute evenly so it seems full before it is , and now that we 're at the second size up -LRB- my baby 's 5 months old -RRB- the diapers barely fit in the hole . I often end up just opening it completely and putting the diapers in underneath , bypassing the so-called handy one-hand flip method completely . I hate the thing . I 'd throw it out but it 's a lot of plastic to add to a landfill . I 'd never recommend it to anyone using cloth !
 If you are a new mom or just in the market for a place to dispose of dirty diapers do not get this product . It does not contain the smell even after changing the bag daily . I hear the older models are much better . There is no tight seal and the smell just leaks out . Not worth the money . I stopped using this product after about 2 months . I now just tie up the diaper and put it in the trash!Waste of money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I researched prior to purchasing the genie ... loved it !! No smell . But the refills where an additional cost I did n't want to pay for . After the cutting mechanism broke on the genie I bought the champ . Yes it holds dirty diapers , yes you have to clean it , and yes it sits in our garage because the smell of dirty diapers is way too noticable . If you are worried about oder ... do n't get the champ . I will give it a thumbs up for convenience . My 18mo old puts her own diapers in the champ -LRB- in the garage -RRB- and turns the lever . Just do n't let it get too full or you ca n't turn the lever ... that makes since though does n't it ???
 Our son is 10 months old now and we finally had to toss the Champ . We originally bought it because we could use our own trash bags . We figured by changing it frequently , it would keep the odor away . But once our son started with the solids , we could n't take it anymore . This unit is difficult to keep clean . If you do n't stick the diaper tabs to the diaper properly , they get stuck on the unit .
 We initially were very happy with the Diaper Champ - smell control was adequate , easy to use & cost effective to replace bags . BUT the foam -LRB- ? -RRB- gasket that goes around the opening came apart after just a couple months . Then it became very difficult to turn the opening , kept sticking and getting caught . So we just finally took the gasket completely off which decreased the smell control . So we bought another one thinking that it must be a fluke but the same thing happened within a month ! Our baby is only 7 months old and we have been through two Diaper Champs so we decided enough is enough and bought a Diper Dekor . We were disapointed because we did n't want to have to buy special refill bags plus we liked the easy design of the Diaper Champ , you could toss a diaper in one handed while your other hand was busy with baby , but the faulty gasket deal was too irritating .
 I would not reccommend this to anyone . It smells horrible and the diapers always seem to get stuck . I had to go out and buy a new diaper bail which was much cheaper and worked better . This diaper bail does not stand up to the competition .
 I can not believe that anyone has had good luck with this product . I have emailed Baby Trend for a refund so I can go buy something else . I am even nursing my daughter and the stench from her `` odorless '' pail is horrific . I can not believe they did n't make a space for a deodorizer . I 'm pretty shocked at how bad it is !
 I wish I had not bought the Diaper Champ . We had a Diaper Genie for 13 months with our daughter . It worked great , except the company that makes the Diaper Genie was remaking the product for infants and toddlers , so I decided to buy the Diaper Champ . I read the online reviews here and bought it . Let me tell you , toddler poopy diapers smell A LOT worse than an infants . And the Diaper Champ lets you know that . The Diaper Champ emits odor -LRB- not an enormous amount , but enough -RRB- in our daughter 's room -- and her room is not small . I have cleaned it our with Dawn detergent and 3 times a week I put it on the deck and spray it all over with Lysol . The smell of course goes away , but is back when you put another poopy diaper in it . I do n't want to use my travel-scented bags to put diapers in and then put that into the Diaper Champ . I do n't think I should need to . Also , you get an awful whif of smell when you flip the mechanism to put another diaper in . I never had smell problems with the Diaper Genie . I 'm switching back .
 I 've had tthis through two children now and I just hate the thing . It is great that you can use regular bags but it stinks and diapers constantly get stuck . neat idea but it fails in execution . to whoever said ignore bad reviews - it makes me wonder what planet you live on . If I paid $ 100 for this thing i would be upset
 We 've been using this diaper pail for two and a half years . It stinks . We decided to put it in the garage and just toss the diapers in the kitchen garbage , as it was getting taken out more frequently . I got tired of taking diapers into the kitchen though , and brought it back inside . After two days of using it again -LRB- with an air freshener in the bottom , my daughter 's room stunk again . Also , when you toss wipes in without sticking them in a diaper they get stuck and cause the flipping action not to work . Then you find yourself pulling gross wipes out just to get the thing to flip over and sometimes you have to open it to pull them out . Opening it releases a nasty odor into the room which lingers for hours . I do not recommend this diaper pail if your goal is to keep the room from stinking .
 Well , I thought it was an OK product at first . It does seal out the orders reasonably well . However I do not recommend it , because after 6 month of use , the rubber part on top is coming off , making it impossible to use . Since I have read about this problem in other reviews , I do not believe its a fluke . Notice that most positive reviews are from people who have not had it very long . I will replace it with a stainless steel trash can . Save your money , do not buy this product , because it will break after few months .
 I had to rush out recently because the `` odor seal '' on the product had thinned out and has caused the dirty smell to linger throughout the house -LRB- I change the diaper bag regularly so it 's not for lack of care -RRB- . I bought the Safety 1st pail at Target yesterday that 's battery operated ... . I hope that this one will last us longer . Hope this review helps !
 We 've had this for over a year ... stick still fills the room ... seal is not good enough to prevent a room full of odor .
 We are using a diaper service and use the champ to collect and contain the diapers in the nursery . The champ tends to stick about half of the time . The diaper hangs from the cylinder mechanism and needs to be pulled through . I suggest using a trash can with a tight lid .
 I bought this because my sister bought the original Diaper champ and loved it . Shortly after that I went to buy one and I had no choice but to buy the new and improved model -LRB- At Babies R US , at amazon you can get the older model -RRB- . This is horrible ! Imageine the worst smell and that 's what you get in your bathroom or childs room -LRB- wherever you store it -RRB- . It is so embaressing to have company over bc you have to warn them about the smell in the bathroom . I agree , diapers do get stuck when turning and forget about throwing a pull up in there . It gets all trapped and is almost impossible to turn the lever . I deep clean this thing with lysol , clorox wipes and spray , and also I put it into the bath tub and scrub it . I do n't think I should have to do that . When I contacted Baby Trend I got blown off . The guy could 've cared less . If you 're going to get one , get the older model off of here . My sister seems to be pretty pleased with hers .
 One star is one too many for this piece of crap . The Diaper Champ SUCKS !! I have zero praise to offer . It reeks of retained vile diaper odor AND the stupid design makes it very difficult to replace the bag with 2 hands . SAVE YOUR MONEY ! You can have mine , it 's on the curb waiting for the garbage collectors to come get it .
 I got this pail because I felt it was good that it does n't require you to buy `` their '' garbage bags . But at the end I still did n't use it and just use a regular pail . Now it 's sitting in my basement . The reason I did n't use it is because it is hard to open up the can to replace the bag and when you are actually cleaning a baby especially when it 's # 2 it is messy at times where you would probably get it in the pail before you flip the handle to dispose of it . Well then you now need to clean the pail as well as the baby . You do n't need more work with a child .
 I bought the Champ because I did n't want to have to buy the special bags for the Genie and at first it worked great . Very easy just to flip the top with one hand . Sometimes a wipe would get stuck between the plunger and the outer lid and would need to be pulled out . One day when the Champ was only about 3 or 4 months old I pulled out what I thought was a wipe and it was the liner that had come disconnected . Ever since that liner came out it has not kept the odor in . I have been changing the bags every couple of days and dumping baby powder in the new bags to absorb the smell but I 'm through playing around with this thing and I 'm getting a different diaper pail .
 the diaper champ was really great at the beginning . no smell when closed , use own bags ... , but oh my , we 've had this pail now for a year and it STINKS ! if you keep it in a well ventilated area like the bathroom -LRB- fan on and windows open -RRB- i guess i would recommend it , but if you keep the pail in the baby 's room do n't get it . not only does her soiled diapers ' smell fill the room , but the pail itself starts to smell . i think it may be because they have foam lined inside the opening parts . in the end it 's up to you , but i 'm chucking mine out and getting something new ... * PU *
 When I did research on diaper pails before my baby arrived I liked that you did n't have to buy refills and the smell did n't seem to be a big issue with the Diaper Champ . I did n't keep my receipt to return it but I 'm going to spend another $ 30 to buy the Diaper Genie . The Diaper Champ is extrememly smelly and I feel that I can tolerate a lot . The most frustrating disappointment was that it was constantly jamming . I was constantly having to open the top and manually stuff the diaper down into the base . My friend bought the Diaper Champ as well and has also returned hers for the exact same reasons . The less expensive route with the Diaper Champ will now cost me double when I purchase the Diaper Genie .
 This was very helpful for the fact that you can use regular bags instead of refills , but the smell that comes from it is not friendly at all . I have washed it at least 3 times and the smell does not seem to go away . I would NOT recommend that you buy this product .
 The Diaper Champ is a champ for smelling up the room . Do n't waste your money .
 I used diaper champ for past 3 yrs for my first kid . Poo Poo diapers when not put in the lid properly , gets the DC 's lid soiled . Its so unhygenic to touch all that and clean it . And its difficult to clean the crevices of the lid.So , most of the times , we open the DC and put the Poo soiled diapers . It also does not contain odor . Always had it in the bathroom.I gave it 2 stars , because this one is ok for the non-stool diapers and is economical . Now that Im expecting another one , Im reasearching to buy something else .
 I purchased this diaper pail after reading the reviews on this site . I love everything about this diaper pail except that IF IT HAS A ... DIAPER IN IT THE WHOLE ROOM SMELLS ... Anyone who thinks this thing contains the smell probably thinks they never leave a smell in the bathroom themselves . Now I have to buy a diaper pail that works .
 We received this last year as a baby shower gift for out twin boys . It worked for about 4 or 5 months . When it got close to being full you could smell it . Now it does n't matter if you have 1 or 20 diapers in it ! It stinks to high heaven !!! Now I am looking for a better one than this one . Tried the diaper genie ... hated it ... got any suggestions ???
 I thought this would be great because you could use your own trash bags . However , we have oder control bags and my one year olds room still stinks . We spray it with lysol daily and this diaper trash can just does n't control oders . I really did n't like it from the start because if you put anything but a folded up diaper in it then it jams . I often want to throw a lone wipe in but it gets caught . I am going to buy the Diaper Gene 2 today . Hopefully it is better .
 Buy anything . Buy a regular old trash can and throw your diapers in there because you 'll get pretty much the same end result . I do n't have the pink Diaper Champ because I have a little boy but it 's still a Diaper Champ and it is horrible . I had a Diaper Genie with my older son -LRB- now 4 -RRB- and gave it to my brother . I wanted to try something else and was drawn to the Champ because you can use a kitchen trash bag ... woo hoo ... NO REFILLS !!! So for three months now -LRB- that 's how old my little butterball is now -RRB- I 've used the Diaper Champ and the first day it 's not so bad -LRB- maybe because the diapers are floating in the enormous amount of Lysol I spray in there and the fact that I use ForceFlex trash bags -LRB- for the prayer that they wo n't break when I 'm disposing of diapers and flood the house with old baby poop -RRB- which also have Odor Shield -LRB- so the bags start out smelling so nice ! -RRB- but already by day two , my husband is walking in the nursery saying `` HOOOOOOONEY , it smellllllls ! I clean the thing all the time ... the stench remains . This week I ordered my Diaper Genie online . I feel like throwing a party when it gets here . I 'll spend the extra few dollars on some refills if it keeps guests that enter my home from wondering what on earth died in my house .
 My 8 year old yellow lab was able to get the top of the diaper champ off and get his head stuck in the canistar . No one was home and he suffocated . This could just as easily have happend to a small child . There is no warning in the literature to prevent this type of horrible tragedy .
 I bought the Champ diaper pail because you can use any bags . What a mistake ! I should have done my research . The smell that lingers in the room is unbearable . I finally bought the Neat Diaper Disposal it might require cassettes but at lease there is nor more stinky smell in my son 's room .
 After stuggling with poopy smell for 9 months I finally gave in and bought a Diaper Genie . What a difference!I like that Champ is easy to use and cheap -LRB- no special expensive refill bags -RRB- but it did n't do one thing that it was created to do
 We were totally dissatisfied with the results from our Diaper Champ ... we had a problem with odor escaping right from the start ... and our daughter was breast fed exclusively for 10 months , so it had nothing to do with a change in her diet . Over time we noticed that the foam pieces of the pail do become increasingly stinky and are very difficult to clean ... even bleach could n't get the smell out !
 This pail was given to me as a gift . when I had my first child . Well he is 2 now and I have a baby girl who will be turning one next month and I have to say it is the most worse diaper pail in the world . Not only do I have to change the pail every other day . But it likes to hold in the smell . I have done everything from bleaching it . Scrubbing it . Soap . White Vinegar . i even let it sit outside in sun . Cause I live in sunny FL . And that did n't help Instead it ends up bringing in these nasty flies . Now I am shopping around for another one . Cause my son is going to potty training and I ca n't stand the smell no more . it stinks up my whole bathroom and bedroom . Its disgusting . From all the cleaning and everything . It cause it to crack on the top . I am very dissappointed in the product and will not buy another one of these .
 i purchased the diaper champ because i wanted to be able to use kitchen bags . i like that feature ... no need to purchase additional bags . the diaper champ was a convenience item for my daughter 's first 8 to 10 weeks . it was easy to toss her diaper in the diaper champ and forget about it . however , after around week 10 , her diapers started to smell a bit more . since that point , i have no longer used the diaper champ because the smells were just too strong . so it is sitting unused in the nursery . i am glad that i had it for those first few weeks because it made things that much easier when my sleep depraved body did n't feel like doing much . i 'm glad that i have it for my next child . but now that i do n't use it at all because the smell was quite strong , i had to give it a lower rating.additional info
 I chose this over the Diaper Genie because it sounded much more user friendly ... I liked the fact that I could use regular kitchen trash bags in it . Unfortunately , because of the space taken up by the lid , you do n't fill up the trash bag -LRB- it only uses about half the bag -RRB- , and even with the scented trash bags , it still smells . It was fine for the first few months when my son was breastfed , but as soon as the real stools started coming along , the smell in his room became unbearable . We relegated the Diaper Champ to the garage , then ultimately -LRB- out of convenience -RRB- , started disposing of the diapers directly into our big trash bins outside . It 's a pain going outside with every poopy diaper , but my neighbor -LRB- whose daughter is one month younger than my son -RRB- went through the exact same thing with the Diaper Genie . Guess it 's just one of the perks of mommy-hood !!! Also , whenever I went to change out the bag , I would almost ALWAYS break a nail -LRB- which were n't long to begin with ! -RRB- . We have a new baby on the way now , and I 'm just getting a flip-top white trash bin for her room , since I know it will only be in there for a few months anyway ...
 If you are like me you research and research before you purchase a product . Many of the online reviews raved about how well this product eliminating the diaper odor . However , I do not agree with the raving reviews . For the first couple of month this product worked at eliminating the diaper odor , but after a few months you would have found this item out on my porch to air out . Even after cleaing it once a week - It did not trap the smelly diaper odor . I just do n't feel for the amount of money this was it was worth cleaning more than once a week . I should of just purchased a rubbermaid trash bin . I personally would not recommend this product .
 When shopping around for a diaper pail I was drawn to the Diaper Champ for several reasons . 1 -RRB- I loved the idea of using regular plastic bags from the grocery store . 2 -RRB- The one-hand chute is quick and easy to use while dealing with a squirming baby . 3 -RRB- I 'd heard negative reviews about the Diaper Genie . Now that I 've had the Diaper Champ for 8 months , I 'm looking for a diaper pail that lives up to its name.About 2 months ago the chute began to stick and the pail began to release unpleasant fumes each time I 'd drop a diaper in . The inner lining had come loose and was preventing diapers from dropping down into the bag . Eventually , the lining just fell out and that 's when the smell became unbearable . Not only is my daughter 's nursery filled with odors strong enough to give you a headache , the smell is seeping into the hall and down the stairs.Our Diaper Champ is on its way to the recycle bin . It wo n't be returning for a come-back fight .
 I received this diaper champ as a gift and at first it was great . Now that my baby is 9 months old her room is starting to smell . Since the diaper champ does n't individually wrap each diaper the smell starts getting bad . I would suggest you spend the extra 10 to 20 bucks and get a diaper product that individually wraps each diaper !
 The Diaper Champ is difficult to use and does not contain the smell at all !! After you turn the handle to bring the diaper down , if there are more than a few diapers in there , it gets stuck and you have to turn it a few times to get it down . It smells pretty bad after a day or two , and this is after cleaning it with Pine Sol AND letting it air out !! The only advantage is that you can use your own bags , but what good is that if you are constantly cleaning it and spraying Lysol ??
 It appears that I may be the only person who has anything negative to say about this diaper dumpster , but after using it for 15 months we have decided to replace it with another device.Simply put , their is a foam ring that separates the dumpster from the lid , after many turns of the lid , the foam fell out and the odor leaked out into the room . Yuck!Another problem with this pale is the use of ordinary trash bags ; although they are cheap , they are less effective than large 2 handled bags . These bags cost $ 5 for 20 bags , each bag lasts 1 week -LRB- aprox . 25 to 30 diapers -RRB- and when you need to change the bag , look out , the smell will nock you on your butt ! Since the diaper champ never seals the bag , you are confronted with an open bag filled with a weeks worth of smelly deliciousness.On the whole , if the foam ring never fell out of the dumpster , I would never have needed to replace it with another and see all of the Diaper Champs shortcomings . Take it from someone who has lived with the champ and another , you may be penny wise buy saving on bags , but pound foolish for its pension to fall apart and the weekly odor you are exposed to .
 I also had heard the rave reviews about the Diaper Champ versus the Genie . So I got two Champs with the birth of my daughter . When we had to begin shutting the nursery door after our cat was jumping in the crib , the diaper smell upon opening the door was almost unbearable . Yes , I do change it 2x per week and wipe it completely down but I still notice the smell . I was sold on the usage of regular garbage bags with it but I realize that may be part of the problem . There is nothing sealing the smells in . The flip top system , while fun and novel at the beginning , can be a pain . If the tabs of the diaper are not securely wrapped around the diaper they will get stuck in the tube and you have to open it up , thus releasing the stench . Friends have said they do n't go through the Genie refills as quickly as I had feared , which was one of my reservations about it . If I had to do it again , I would probably go with the Genie .
 We use cloth diapers and the compartment that flips around to drop it into the pail was not big enough . The diapers got caught in it and ripped the gasket off causing the pail to malfunction . We had to return it which just puts plastic in the landfill . It is very difficult to work the latch/blue clip to open the pail . My guess it that it would work much better for disposables .
 I sincerely can not believe how anybody will give a 5 stars to this product after using it for a week . It is a complete gimmick ... My wife and I bought for it `` felt '' like a solid piece of equipment for containing odors . At first looks it seems well-constructed and pretty innovative about keeping an `` airtight seal '' ... On reality though
 Do not spend your money on this ! I thought this would be a great idea - no special bags or deodorizers , but it is the most FRUSTRATING thing ! Like other people have said , wipes and diapers get stuck in pail as you turn it , and you have to stand on it to be able to turn it . I am looking right now for a better alternative .
 This product is horrible . It does not keep the odor from soiled diapers in . The entire baby 's room stunk of poop . We had to put it outside on the deck to keep it from smelling the house up . Horrible horrible product . Do n't waste your money on this .
 After Our Diaper Genie broke after 2 years , I was advised to buy the D. Champ . It was highly recommended by a new mom with an infant . Big mistake , her baby as well as most of the people reviewing this positively are using it with their INFANTS , so their diapers do not smell like that of a one or two year old toddler !!!!!!!! The Genie does a much better job of masking the odors , Yes , it is more cumbersome in terms of changing out the plastic ... but that I can live with . The reason I gave it two stars is the ease of use with the Champ is superior ... but I simply CANT LIVE with the stinky smell of diapers !
 We bought this in desperation because we could n't figure out how the diaper genie works . During a visit with family , my brother-in-law showed us how to use the Genie . We then put the Diaper Champ in our baby 's room and the Genie in the bathroom.There really is an odor problem with the Diaper Champ . We ended up using the Genie for Dirty Diapers and the Champ for Wet diapers only.I went online to see the reviews and I am amazed to find similar experiences . Truly Honest reviews .1 . Gives off too much odor2 . Tough to open3 . Takes too much spaceI 'm a clean freak and I use Clorox on everything . The smell disappears for a day but will soon start again once a single dirty diaper stays overnight in the Champ .
 I bought the Diaper Champ because it was recommended to us over the Diaper Genie . 2 weeks after using it we decided it was n't for us . It did n't hold the smells in AT ALL ! Tried using scented garbage bags and that did n't help ! Our room still stunk ! I bought the Diaper Genie and while it does ' t keep the smells in 100 % -LRB- you can still smell it when you open it to put another diaper in -RRB- and you have to buy the refill bags , it works a lot better than the Diaper Champ and the room smells a lot better than it did before .
 This pail was great when my baby only ate formula . As this is a hectic time , I found it very convenient to use the same garbage bags that I used for my kitchen . But once my baby started eating solid food - WHEW !!!!! The whole house smelled !!!! We have since purchased a diaper genie ... and it is still the master !
 I really liked it in the beginning , especially how easy it was to use . But as time has gone by , it has really begun to allow odors to escape , or it is absorbing them I do n't know which , but it really SMELLS ! I finally took it out of my baby 's room because it was almost toxic and would blow you away when you walked in the room , no matter how often I changed the bags . I 'll be buying something else this weekend .
 We have had the champ almost a year now and at first it was great we used regular kitchen trash bags , but recently it just hit stink mode . I think it has to do with the seal on the chute I can see that it has torn off , it looks like yellow foam material . I checked the warranty and it is conveniently for only six months . I have a feeling the manufacturers know about this little problem . That said it was a good product at first and I can see how early on it gets great reviews .
 I believed the reviews of this product , and bought it when my baby was an infant . It worked very well while I was still breastfeeding , but once we started solid food , the smell was pretty bad . Each morning when we went into his room , the whole place smelled like diapers . Still , I resisted the diaper genie , because I did n't want to spend the money on the refills . However , by 10 months , we had enough , and finally bought a diaper genie . What a difference !! The only time smell escapes is when we empty it . To me , it is worth the price of refills not to have to put up with the smell . If it is not worth it to you , just buy a regular garbage can -- it will work just as well as the `` champ '' .
 I registered for this item because of the rave reviews given on this website . I am throwing it away and buying my second Diaper Genie today . This item stinks in more ways than one !!! Unless your baby has very neat poop and you can wrap the diaper up carefully around all of it , poop will get all over the dispensing mechanism of this container . With time , even if you clean this container , the odor becomes unbearable when you have to change the bags . I bought a Diaper Genie to see if it was any better . I love it !!!! No stink and no nausea with bag chages is worth the extra money for the bag inserts to me !!!
 This broke before my son was even 4 months old . The blue ring/seal around the top stopped working , which made it impossible to put more diapers into it . I called baby trend , and they emailed me instructions to fix it , but they did n't work . I have a friend with the exact same issue . Save your money and buy something else .
 I have been so disappointed in my Diaper Champ . It came highly recommended by a good friend , and the fact that it used normal grocery bags rather than expensive specialty bags was a huge draw . However , we have tried everything and still this pail stinks up our son 's nursery . And it 's not just a faint smell . The stench is so powerful that it practically knocks you down when you open the door . It does n't matter how often we empty or clean and sanitize it , nothing seems to help . We would have to empty it after every diaper change , and that sort of defeats the purpose of having a diaper pail . Go with something different . It would be worth the extra money to get rid of the odor .
 Smells terrible and always jams up !!! We could smell the dirty diapers as soon as you walk in the babys room . Also , the diaper `` chute '' would jam up all the time , you would have to slam it to get the diapers loose . I 'm trying the Diaper Genie ... wish me luck !
 The Diaper Champ seemed like the perfect answer to the alternative with no special bags to buy & easy disposal -LRB- no twisting -RRB- , and it was - for awhile . When the diapers get bigger , or if you have a messy one that leaks a bit as it 's being pushed down into the system , BEWARE . We noticed that the odor coming from the Champ was stronger than normal even when we cleaned it & it was empty . Upon closer inspection we noticed that between the weight that pushes the diapers down , and the side of the ` chute ' on the Champ , that there was quite a hidden mess . This mess was nearly impossible to clean and we were disgusted by it . Bottom line , this was n't bad for a little while , but after seeing -LRB- and smelling -RRB- that disgusting mess , I 'm going back for the Genie , expensive bags & all .
 I got the Diaper Genie as a shower gift and was disappointed , because of some bad reviews I did not think it would work . I took the Diaper Genie to my Mom 's house , since she babysits during the day , and I purchased the Diaper Champ for my house . The Diaper Genie is still working at my Mom 's house but the Champ was stinky and has since broken . I have purchased a Diper Genie for my house and it is working wonderfully all you have to do is follow the directions .
 I received this as a gift , since I am planning to cloth diaper , and I played with it to figure it out . The hole for the diapers is too small ! A * clean and carefully folded * non-infant cloth diaper fits into the receptacle with difficulty , and then stays stuck rather than dropping . A used diaper MIGHT fall more easily because of its extra weight , but it sure wo n't fit through the hole more easily . Who wants to fuss with a dirty diaper ? I like the idea behind the Diaper Champ , and it 's probably fine for disposables , but I 'm returning mine for something more practical for cloth diapering .
 I purchased this diaper champs after Diaper Genie disappoints me . At first , it seems very good to me -LRB- when my daughter is a baby -RRB- , very easy to use plus without spending money to buy special bags . Yet , as my daughter enters toddler 's age , the diaper pail starts to smell really bad . I clean it once a week , plus using all kinds of spray , baking soda , etc. but nothing works . Even with a whole box of baking soday inside the diaper pail , it still smells really bad . I have to move it to a room that we do n't use . I am serious looking for another diaper pail now . All the people who has good review on this product are not using it long enough . They must have a baby that is younger than 12 months . This product is only good for baby 's first year .
 We bought the Diaper Champ with our 1st child and used it until we had another child . It was great while he was being breast fed and was n't that stinky but as he got older and ate a more varied diet it just stopped containing the smell . We changed the bags and wiped it out every few days and used lots of Lysol and it still smelled . Also after a while the cylinder that pushes the diaper down started to slide too far and get stuck and then it became a huge pain the drop a diaper in . Half the time you would have to tip the whole pail over or open the top to get a new diaper in.With our second child we bought the NEAT by saftey first , she is now a year and we LOVE it . It even contained the smell of our older childs diapers before potty training .
 Although the idea of not spending money on a pricey canister with refills may seem tempting , for my next child I am tossing this Diaper Champ and buying another brand . I have to keep it out in the garage , that 's how bad it smells . Not worth the time , effort , and/or $ $ $ . Keep Looking .
 When my daughter -LRB- now 8 months old -RRB- was younger , and her diapers were smaller , the Diaper Champed worked well . But now that her diapers are bigger -LRB- and stinkier -RRB- I find that the Champ only holds about 10-12 diapers before getting jammed , especially if we put wipes in it along with diapers . Another thing is the velcro on the diapers often gets stuck and it 's difficult to flip the diapers into the bottom of the container . Another problem is the smell , the champ does n't seem to contain odors any better than putting diapers into a regular trash can . I 've never used any other diaper disposal container so I do n't know how this one compares , but I am now looking for a new one b/c the Diaper Champ just is n't cutting it for me . Half the time I end up just throwing the dirty diapers into a waste basket to avoid the hassle .
 I loved the Diaper Champ until it would no longer work ! We 've only had it 2 and 1/2 months and it 's broken . It could just be ours , but I thought I would write a review anyway . I do n't think we 'll buy another one . We 'll just be grocery bagging it from now on !
 I bought this product since we are expecting our second son and i thought we should try something new . The product allowed the smell of the diapers to leak through since the seal at the top was n't secure . it 's a neat design but not air tight enough and after only putting a few diapers in , we had to empty it , everytime !!!!! we 're still looking for a solution and plan to try my sister 's old diaper genie to see if that will work . regardless , this did n't do the trick .
 We chose the Diaper Champ over everything else becasue we did not want to pay the money for the bags and we loved the fact that we could use regular garbage bags , great savings when you have a new baby . Well that worked fine for the first year and the only complaint was that sometimes it was hard to get it to flip right , but not really a big deal . When our daughter was taken off of formula her diaper smell changed and unfortunately the pail did not get tougher to control the smell . We changed her pail twice a week and washed it out every time we changed it but it was not the pail that stunk it was not air sealed tightly enough and caused her room and our entire house to smell bad . Finally enough was enough and we went and bought soemthing else . I hate the fact that I had to buy two different pails but I have to say it did work well for the first year but unfortunately the diapering age lasts for longer than that and if we had to do it all over again we would go with something that would last the entire diapering age .
 We use cloth diapers and found the Diaper Champ to be pretty unhelpful in reducing odors . It gets clogged with only 3-5 diapers in it , which means I have to change the bag or lift the lid to unclog it a ridiculous amount of times each day . My son 's room smelled better with the bin we got from the diaper service !! We 're switching back and giving this away . Ingenious design though ...
 ODERLESS !! HAHAHA !! The smells that comes from it is no more or less than any other pails . I am very ver disappointed with the product . If you want a good oderless pail , I heard to go with metal garbage cans . You pay the same price and the diaper smell does not get sucked into the plastic.Good luck with your hunt :0 -RRB-
 We 've been using the diaper champ for 16 months , and the smell just gets worse as our son gets older . This pail really does NOT hold in the odor when diapers get smelly . Very disappointing . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 The concept is good . So far , at three and a half months , his s _ _ _ _ does n't stink . The problem is , even though his diaper size is only `` 1 '' , it clogs the chute . Even with the bag freshly changed , I have to open it up , and , from the inside , pull it through . No fun in the middle of the night . If the chute were widern diameter , it may be a hit .
 We empty the trash bag every night , but his room smells awful . Our friends all complained that it was a pain to buy the special bags for the diaper genie , so we did n't get one . Big mistake . We are throwing out the diaper champ and getting a diaper genie !
 I ca n't believe they claim this thing is odorless ! It was for the first couple weeks and now it 's gross ! I bought it trying to save some money on the Genie refills . I 'll definitely go back to paying for liners . This thing really STINKS ! You may pay a bit more for the Genie and the liners but your nose will thank you later !
 The diaper champ worked pretty well until maybe our son was about 12 months or so . I think there is a seal that broke -LRB- maybe because my husband liked to try and force the diapers down and did n't make sure the sticky tabs on the diaper were secure so it would get jammed -RRB- and ever since you can smell even one diaper in it . His room always smells like a poopy diaper that was just changed , even after it 's been cleaned and you 've just added one diaper to it . I like the fact that you can use your own bags , but it 's no longer any more effective than just a regular trash can sitting in his room with the lid up .
 I was a Diaper Champ devotee until my child turned 15 months . I loved the fact that I did n't have to buy the expensive refill packs and no problems with smell . I was patting myself on the back for a good informed purchase . Then suddenly my sweet baby turned into a toddler . Although he 's been on solids since 6 months , inexplicably his poops started stinking to high heaven !! Trust me people , there is a big difference from infant poop smell and toddler poop smell ! The Diaper Champ , which was fine for the breastfed infant , just did n't do the trick for my 15 month old . I would put a stinky diaper and immediately the smell permeated the whole house ! I had to change bags after every stinky dipe ! I have since borrowed a Diaper Genie and have seen a HUGE improvement in odor control . Believe me , you 'll pay any price for a refill if your house reeks . I am hanging on to my Diaper Champ only because I hope to have another baby next year and I expect to have 2 in diapers for a while . I will use it with infant diapers only . Be warned ! The Diaper Champ will suffice for infants but not toddlers ! If I had to do again , I would have opted for the Genie .
 For the first few months I thought this product was great , but I was wrong . Man does it STINK ! Lysol , bleach , air out - nothing helps ! It is a waste of 20 bucks . Trust me - DO NOT BUY IT ! I even called the company thinking mine must be broken , but as seen by these reviews - IT JUST STINKS !
 I bought this product after reading a lot about it and reading the reviews . My daughter is turning 1 this month , I tried to make it work all this time , and finally had to give in and buy the Diaper Genie . I could no longer stand the smell in my baby 's room , it was terrible !!! I like the fact that one could use 1 hand and also that it 's larger than the other pails , but the smell was unbearable !!!! And , YES I did clean it at least once a week and always used Lysol when changing/emptying the bag . I have had the Diaper Genie only for a couple of weeks and the bad smell is gone from my baby 's room !!!! = 0 -RRB-
 This thing freakin ' stinks . Literally . I changed the bags every 1-2 days and wiped with clorox wipes and sprayed with lysol AND used vanilla scented bagsand we could still smell the smells seeping through !! Now I just throw the diapers in the regular trash since I change the bags everyday anyway and we ca n't smell a thing now . Someone else told me this thing stinks and I should have listened to them .
 We are long-time users of the Diaper Champ . We first got one in 2003 , and when we did , we LOVED it . One-handed operation , plus NO SMELL . None . We bought a second one a few years later when the first one pooped out -LRB- pun intended ! -RRB- Recently we needed a new one , and went to buy one here . We noticed the design had changed -- maybe it was somehow easier to use ? Because there was no way they could improve on the smell . Like I said , NO SMELL.But the new one lets those acrid aromatics seep through , particularly when you operate it . The smell is DEFINITELY coming through . I 'm very disappointed . For so many years , this operated beautifully , and now they are like every other diaper pail on the market . Only twice the price.VERY DISAPPOINTED !!
 We have had an older version -LRB- or design -RRB- which we have had happily used for about a year and a half until 2 years ago . Then the insulation lining wore off and we trashed it . Shortly before my daughter was born , we purchased our second Diaper Champ . That was a year ago . It was supposed to be improved in design . Unfortunately , they totally botched it.First , we had to wrap around the velcros and all pointy corners of the diaper into a perfect ball to be able to dispose it . Otherwise , it would get caught in the two-way flipping mechanism . We either had to push the so-called `` one hand flip handle top '' in by hand or we had to open top to release the stuck diapers.Second , they designed the new body to be wider at the bottom and narrower at the top . So when the trash bag filled up all diapers settled down at the bottom . As we tried to pull the bag up we struggled to pass the big belly of the trash bag filled with soiled diapers through the narrower opening of the pail.I give two stars because if you can use this pail paying attention to the pointers above , it does not emit any odors . It keeps the bad smell in . And you do n't have to pay extra for special bags.We have n't been able to use our `` new '' diaper pail for a long time , because of these reasons .
 We purchased the Diaper Champ when our son was born , due to all the rave reviews , the fact that you just toss the diaper in and turn it , and that it uses our own bags . We also bought the Diaper Genie II for a second room so we could compare the two . For the first few months , the Champ was great . No noticeable smells and despite the difficulty removing a full bag , we appreciated the fact that we did n't have to shove the diaper into the unit or buy proprietary bags.However , now our son is into formula and baby food . His diapers smell horribly bad , and now , so does his room . The Diaper Champ was fine for the newborn diapers , but now it can not contain the smell , even with just a few smelly diapers . Further , the plunger now needs some coercing to get it to go all the way down , which means I have to shove my hand on it.One reviewer had good luck with the Diaper Champ by cleaning and changing it out twice a week , but that for us defeats the whole purpose of the large container size and using our own bags.Meanwhile , our Diaper Genie II has been fantastic at keeping in the stink , and we just invested in a Diaper Genie Elite which is a hands-free unit . Just press your foot on the lever and drop the diaper in . Yes you have to use Diaper Genie refills , but they contain the odor beautifully.So if odor is a concern and you do n't want to change and clean out your diaper pail twice a week , avoid the Diaper Champ . Once your baby starts on solids , you 'll be glad you did .
 I really wanted to like this product . I know a lot of people do . Plus , my friend told me diaper champs , genies , etc. were a waste of money so I wanted to prove him wrong . My child is only about a month old now so the diapers are still small and the `` loads '' inside do n't smell horrible-yet . My biggest problem is that when we used the product , you can never tell how full it is . And undoubtedly , when you want it to work the best , it 's already full and it wo n't push the diapers through correctly . Now do n't get me wrong , I do n't expect anything to hold a weeks worth of diapers . I was trying to replace the bags every couple of days . But without that visual of knowing when it 's full -LRB- for any of these diaper products really -RRB- , it will undoubtedly be the full when you least want it to be . Believe me , when you 're only getting 3-4 hours of sleep a night , day-to-day tasks like emptying this thing -LRB- or eating regularly or showering for that matter -RRB- will be forgotten . And when it 's full-or getting there-the plunger does n't push the diapers down and you need to manually stick your hand into it to push diapers through which can be a trick/gross operation . My solution wound up being a good Simplehuman trashcan . They 're well built , will still serve a purpose once the kid gets older , have a flip top so I do n't need to have a hand free to use it , they hold more , and allows me to gauge visually how full it is . It 's more costly but was a better option in my nursery . Bottom line
 After 2 and half years I still ca n't get the smell out . Its been sitting outside airing out for 3 months now , I think thats where I 'm leaving it too . I love the concept of a diaper champ , but somebody do something about the smell , please .
 We recently purchased the new model of Diaper Champ to replace our old one -LRB- which we loved , until it recently broke after several years of use . -RRB- The new model STINKS , quite literally ! From the first diaper we put in -LRB- peed on , no poop -RRB- I could smell a foul odor any time I was near it . I do n't have a particularly strong sense of smell , and I do n't believe my expectations are too high for it to contain the smell of wet diapers from a six-month-old -- but I am so disappointed I am considering trying to return it after a week of use . -LRB- Gross , I know -- but I am hoping they would not re-sell it ! -RRB- Anyway , I can only assume either a change has been made to the new model that renders it ineffective or that we got a `` lemon . '' Our old Diaper Champ worked well for our daughter -LRB- now 4 -RRB- from birth till potty-training , then worked well for our son for 6 months until , like several other reviewers , we accidentally broke it by pulling out some foam . But our new one is completely worthless ! At any rate , I would NOT recommend it to a new mom at this point , and will now investigate other options . Update
 I am really disappointed with this product . It really starts to smell after one day -LRB- and my baby is only 8 weeks old and is on breastmilk -RRB- , which of course causes the baby 's room to smell . By the end of the second day the room is pretty stinky . The way you open it is very poorly designed , making it difficult to open -- half the time I hurt a finger or break a nail . My third gripe is that small parts of the diaper will often get caught in the sealing mechanism , causing it to stick . so you then have to go in there and tear the diaper off and try to pull out the little stuck piece , which is very difficult to do and incredibly aggravating . This product STINKS ! I am now trying to decide between a diaper genie and a diaper dekor or just using a regular diaper pail .
 I am a first time Mom and I have to say that this is the worst diaper pail ... ever ! As a matter of fact , we stopped using it 2 1/2 months ago and my son is only 4 months old . The smell was awful . I used trash bags in the Diaper Champ , cleaned it out every 2-3 days -LRB- scrubbed the inside with soap and hot water -RRB- and disinfected it but it still smelled like a poopy diaper . Not to mention that it made my son 's room smell like the city dump . I would not recommned this to anyone . Try another diaper pail or just use a plain old trash can and empty it every day .
 One step above a regular pail . Hard to open.Stinky . Stinky .
 We had this product for a while . At first it was great , we thought it was better than the Diaper Genie , no need to buy extra bags . But after 3 months , it starts to smell . It stinks so bad ! no matter how much we clean it , the smell stays around & it only gets worst . I wish we had kept our Diaper Genie . Now we are searching for another brand , if anyone of you know another product that do n't need special bags & does not smell over time please share it !
 This is a great item for the first few months-very easy to use , does n't stink . But give it a few months and look out ! The smell is terrible ! I 've tried baking soda , air fresheners -LRB- including the disinfecting ones -RRB- , scented bags and have even gone so far as letting it soak in bleach for a day , but that did n't do squat . Hold your nose and get ready to run out of the room when you flip the handle , but with larger diapers you do n't stand a chance of making it as they often get stuck . My son 's room reeks since the smell seeps out 24/7 . Off to buy a different one-too bad since my son enjoys depositing his diapers-until they get stuck and he gets frustrated ! AVOID THIS ONE OR BE PREPARED TO SHELL OUT MORE $ $ DOWN THE ROAD !!!
 I am disappointed with the Diaper Champ . It worked great in the beginning , when my daughter 's dirty diapers did n't smell that bad !!! But now she 's 8 months old , eating solid food and her diapers smell pretty bad . The diaper Champ has let me down . It definitely does not control the odor . I read a couple of the reviews that say it does , but from what I read , most of those reviewers still had young babies . Once your baby gets older , it does NOT control the odor anymore . I have two other friends with older babies that have the Champ and both agree , the Diaper Champ STINKS , both literally and figuratively ! I would stick with the Diaper Genie . I know it 's a pain to buy the refills , but it 's worth it to control the smell .
 The Diamper Champ has not gone over well in our houselhold . Just after a few diaper changes my son 's entire nursery reaks of dirty diaper . We 've even resorted to tying the poopy diapers up in a grocery bag first and the room STILL smells . Guess we are moving on to something else ...
 I had read all the reviews for this item , and was very excited to receive it as a shower gift . However , when I started to assemble the base , I realized that this does n't seem to be all that it is cracked up to be . Firstly , to attach the base -LRB- which I did n't understand , why it is n't assembled for you -RRB- , you must turn the unit upside down and screw it in . Not so difficult , but since the top is n't level , it is a bit difficult . Moving on , to actually opening the unit . I know this is very vain , but I found it very difficult to actually open the unit -LRB- I kept breaking a nail every time I opened it -RRB- . Albeit , very vain , but why is it so difficult to open ? Then , I was disappointed to find out that there is no scent or anything , so how does it really hide odors ? My husband wondered what the difference there is between this and a regular trash can . I think we will return it for the Diaper Genie . All I have to say is that I 'm glad I opened it before the baby comes .
 I was excited to find this product and touted it to all my pregnant friends ... too bad , shortly after my daughter was born I found that this contraption was stinking me out of her nursery . I am very surprised to see any positive reviews .
 I bought this item because like many of you , I thought I would be saving money by not having to buy special bags for my diaper pail . For the first 4 and half months that I have used the Diaper Champ , it has been pretty good . I probably would have given it about 3 or 4 stars . It is very easy to use , and does n't get too messy if you wrap your diaper up really well . Some diapers are just unavoidably messy though and impossible to completely contain , in which case I would have to open the lid of the DC and throw in the messy diaper . This is no easy feat , especially when trying to manage a wiggly baby and a messy diaper . The lid does n't always stay open too well on its own and so I would have to let the messy diaper sit out , put my baby in a place safe , then wrangle with the often difficult lid contraption ! Okay , not too much for me to deal with since it was saving me money . I would only smell it occasionally if I were sitting on the floor near it , playing with my son . I breastfeed so the diapers are n't too stinky anyway . Okay , now my son has begun solids and , my goodness , the stink that his poop has now taken on . The DC is now completely useless . Even one diaper makes it stink up the room-actually the entire upstairs !! I am not about to change the bag every time he poops . I have sprayed lysol in it after every diaper change , dumped baking soda in it between diaper changes , nothing works ! Also , cleaning it out is a bit of a pain ! Since the lid does n't detach , it is quite cumbersome . I actually have tried to figure out why it smells so bad and have realized that there is a gap where the handle is and you can actually see right into where the diapers are ! Not a good product as far as I 'm concerned.Currently shopping for a new diaper pail system and completely unsatisfied .
 My husband and I hated this diaper pail from the day we first began using it . The cylinder continually got stuck , and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder . It is no fun pulling apart a diaper pail at 2:00 in the morning because the handle wo n't go down due to a diaper that is stuck in it . Plus , I think it is unsanitary . The diapers are placed in a plastic hole at the top of the pail , and then they drop through to the bag . Well , messy diapers sometimes left a bit of a mess in the opening area , and it was not easy to clean . Finally , after two months of dealing with this pail , one morning , I flipped the handle , and the cylinder fell right into the bottom of the pail . -LRB- It was not a pleasant task to retrieve it , either ! -RRB- I have n't been able to figure out how to fix it , so we are using a Safety 1st Diaper Pail now , and the Diaper Champ will be hauled to the road for the trash pickup next week . I think that for the price , it should have lasted longer than two months . I do not recommend this product .
 I just purchased my second diaper champ , as I have two children in diapers and another on the way . I finally gave up on the diaper genie , I just could n't get the smell out of the plastic . So I go to the store to buy another diaper genie for the second nursery and find that it is a new design . I read the description and think it must be better than the old design and since I like the old one I will love this one.Boy was I wrong . First off you have to put this together yourself by simply snapping on the lid . This was not difficult , but I immediately notice that it does not flip as smoothly as the original and the seal does n't seem as tight fitting.I do like that it is wider at the top , but it is also shorter and you need to bend more , something us parents do too much of during the day as it is.But I am still willing to give it a try.After three days use I notice the room has that oh so familiar smell of dirty diapers . I thought at first it was the trash can that still had a few diapers in it from our transition phase of not having a diaper pail for a day , but after removing the can I still notice the smell.The new design does not prevent the smell from escaping and it will be going back , I just hope I can find one of the old designs left on the shelf .
 When I was pregnant with my son , I thought that I would be saving money by buying this . When my son was a infant , it worked okay . Around five months , when he started eating solid foods , it started to smell . I tried to bleach it , I tryed Lysol and I tryed all the scented trash bags . Nothing helped . The smell only got worse . It got to the point that the whole room would smell like a diaper pail . I could never get the smell out . I finally bought the diaper genie and I love it . I have two kids and I use it alot . I change the refill only once a month and it does n't smell at all .
 We have triplets and bought this pail because it holds a lot of diapers . We have always emptied the pail daily because it gets full and the ODOR IS UNBEARABLE !!! Please note , we always use the small individual bags to tie up poopy diapers before putting them into the Champ . We clean the Champ regularly with antibacterial wipes , spray with Lysol daily , and occasionally clean it with bleach . As long as the pail is open and empty , there is no odor . But as soon as we close the lid and add some diapers it begins to smell bad again . This is our second Diaper Champ and we 've had the same problem with both
 Bottom line -- bad odors -- and we tried two of these to make sure . I bought the first one of these , put in one dirty diaper -LRB- baby is n't even on solids yet -- on soy formula -RRB- and it smelled up the entire nursery . Thinking maybe mine was defective , I took it back and exchanged for a different one , and used scented trash bags . After 30 min. , I could smell the scented trash bag when I walked in the nursery , so I figured if I could smell that , then certainly a dirty diaper would smell , too . I took it back for the second time and bought the Odorless diaper pail from Safety First , works great ! I can not understand why this product gets such good reviews . It was a waste of my time to even try it .
 First of all the diapers get stuck in the lid , and then the room starts to smell like baby poop . Yes you can use reg bags for it , the only + about it . First day after changing the bag it smells OK but buy the 2nd WOW it stinks so badly and when you open it to change the bag the smell is unbearable .
 I originally loved this product when I brought it home from the store , so much so that I gave it 5 stars after using it for 3 months . I even bought one for my brother after the birth of his son . Well here 's the REAL DEAL ... It worked quite well for about 4 to 6 months . However , now that I 've had it for about 3.5 years , it 's `` smellfully '' obvious it does n't work as designed.I 've removed it from the nursery and redeployed it to the guest bathroom . To handle the odor that leaks from the champ , I have use the following workaround . I 've purchased Diaper Bags -LRB- Sassy Bags -RRB- from Wal-Mart/K-Mart and place every soiled diaper in the bag before depositing it into the Diaper Champ . Wet Diapers are placed in the Champ without having to be placed into a bag . Why does it leak odor ? I 'm not certain , but my best guess is that the seal on the main piston degrades afer time -LRB- that 's why the positive reviews you read are for the most part from owners of less than 6 months -RRB- . It 's only slightly better than an open diaper pail , but does have the advantage of keeping little ones out of the dirty diapers.So my review is 1 - Star if used as designed . However , if you use the soiled diaper workaround I have suggested , it 's a 4 or 5 star item because the diaper sac neutralizes the odor and the Champ keeps little hands from playing with the soiled diapers .
 I believed everyone 's great reviews for this item and put it on my registry . To my dismay , this product is NOT a champ . Yes , it may be economical because you use your own bags , but there 's a flaw in the design . Everytime you want to empty out the pail , you open up the lid to an open bag filled with all your dirty and SMELLY diapers . Yes , the champ keeps the odor inside the pail but the bag mouth is open until you take it out of the pail -LRB- at which time the odors are all released -RRB- to tie it . I retured it and purchased the much contended Diaper Genie -LRB- ... -RRB- to have a truly oderless room .
 I REALLY , REALLY wanted this thing to work . I refused to buy the Diaper Genie because of the special refills . I saw the Diaper Champ at a local Babies R Us . I brought it home , used it and less than 48 hours later , I could smell my 1-year old daughter 's stinky diaper . My husband thought the engineering of the product was excellent and to this day does not understand why it does not keep the `` stink '' contained . We finally broke down and bought a Diaper Genie only because I had exhausted all other alternatives and I was tired of Corrin 's room smelling like a diaper pail . The Diaper Genie prevailed , 7 days later , full of poopy diapers , I still could n't smell a thing upon entering her room and that is all the proof I need .
 Do you like wrestling with a big plastic bin?Do you like opening up the cover to see why the mechanism is jammed every time you try to dispose of a diaper?Do you like having to open the cover and shove down the diapers after only a few are in there?If so , this is the product for you.If not , may I recommend making an investment in a quality trash can with a lid that closes . That 's about as good as you 're going to get with these diaper pale products.My wife and I are dealing with our newborn and we are using cloth diapers . We generate many per day , meaning that even if this device worked as promised , which it does not , we would still need to empty it several times a week into a larger bag for collection by our didy service . Consider whether you enjoy moving dirty diapers from one plastic bag to another.But that hardly matters , because the device does not work properly anyway . I 'd say when the device is completely empty , it jams two out of three times . When it is half full or more , it jams 100 % of the time.Seriously , I have never seen a more poorly engineered product in my life.Ever.Stay away.PS -- Why is zero stars not an option ?
 I bought diaper champ with our first and only child who is now 9 months old . At first I thought it was great -- especially knowing I could use regular kitchen bags -LRB- vs. the diaper genie 's special bags -RRB- . I ca n't compare since this is my first child and I 've not tried any other disposable system . However -- it really does not contain the smell , and the diapers ALWAYS get stuck when it becomes even somewhat full . My BIGGEST concern -LRB- and my primary reason for writing this review -RRB- is the platic from the kitchen garbage bag must fasten around the `` outside '' of the diaper champ . Now that my baby is crawling , he is drawn to the plastic . VERY SCARY when I first saw him crawl over and try pulling it to his mouth . In fact , I was surprised to find out this product is still on the market .
 I was attracted to this diaper pail because you did not have to buy special bags . It was great for the first 6 months before my son started eating food . Then , everything went down hill quickly ! The stench that permeated my son 's room was not pleasant . So , the DC is now in my attic -LRB- it was very large and unsightly as well -RRB- and I empty the trash can nightly .
 Ok , so the idea of the Diaper Champ is awesome -- it is very easy to use -- that 's why I gave it 1 star . However ... the thing REALLY stinks !! Someone gave me the Neat diaper disposal system for my baby shower & I absolutely loved it . However , the handle broke on it just 2 weeks ago . I thought ... `` Maybe I could try the Diaper Champ since I wo n't have to purchase any liners '' ... Well that was a HUGE mistake !! I see why this thing got 4 stars -- all of these parents have young children !! My daughter is 14 months old & because she is older , I guess her diapers come with more odor ! After literally only a few diapers , her entire room smelled of poop ! I could n't stand it ! In one week , I changed the garbage bag at least 4 times . Is that really saving money ?? I do n't think so ! Plus her room really smelled bad . I 'm taking it back & getting the Neat again ! The Diaper Champ must be great for infants , but you may want to consider something else for older babies !
 No matter how often you change the bag and clean the thing , the diaper champ emits the odor of the smelly diaper into the room . I do not recommend this product .
 THIS THING WAS TERRIBLE . WE HAD THE HARDEST TIME WITH IT . I WOULD NOT BUY IT . THE DIAPERS GET STUCK IN THE TRUNER AND THEN YOU HAVE TO STICK YOUR HANDS IN THE MESS TO CLEAR IT SO IT WILL GO ON THROUGH . ALSO , THE DIAPERS SEEMED TO GET BLOCKED SO IT IS HARD TO TURN LIDS COVER . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . IT IS A PIECE OF JUNK
 Ca n't get the smell of rank diapers out of the top -LRB- cover -RRB- of the Diaper Champ . Any better models out there ?
 we had this thing for 6 months - during the winter it was fine . however , once we started using the ac , the house started to stink . it is not near the cold air return , but it somehow sucks the stink and blows it around the house . even with changing the bag every day , sprays , washing it , still there . dont understand it , but it stinks . i even changed the furnace filter and sprayed febreeze on it , still stinks .
 I do not recommend this product at all . It does n't lock odor in and it gets stuck & jammed . I strongly regret not having registered for the Diaper Genie .
 We lucked out - we did n't use any special diaper pail for the first year of our daughter 's life . Every now and again a diaper needed to be thrown into a small plastic bag before thrown away , but all of this `` diaper pail nonsense '' -LRB- or so we thought -RRB- did n't seem to affect us.As our daughter turned 12 months and started to walk , her ability to get into the trash can in her room increased and we decided something self-contained would be the best option . So we read our reviews and did our research and opted for the Champ.What we did not anticipate was within a couple of weeks of our purchase , our entire house beginning to smell like dirty diapers -LRB- when only weeks earlier there was no smell -RRB- . And we do change the pail a few times a week and I do spray * very * liberally with Lysol between each use - but we are knocked out by the odor of the pail as soon as we walk into our house . I 've even started taking it out of our daughter 's room at night because the thought of her sleeping in that odor is more than I can bear.With normal daily use , the odor is especially prominent when you add a new diaper - it seems as though the chamber piece sort of holds onto the odor that has risen up inside it and when you flip the handle to add a new diaper , you are shot in the face with the most foul odor you could imagine!As best I can imagine , everyone 's suspician is true - this version of the Champ has cheap , thin plastic that absorbs the diaper odors and can never truly be cleaned between use.So now we 're back to square one . The Diaper Champ has knocked us out for the last time . Must we swallow our pride and buy a Genie ?!? : -LRB-
 Got it on the advice of my sister in law , who is a ditz . This thing gets stuck when you put a wet wipe in it , gets poop down the inside of it and the piston just drags the poop through it if the diaper is not perfectly sealed up . It stinks , literally . After only a month of use as the babies diapers got more smelly , so did her room . It poorly contains the odor . Shoulda just got a diaper genie , like my own sister had . I hate to buy the refill 's but its better than having a stinky room when people come to visit . I have to clean the inside of it all the time . THis thing sucks .
 We had this with our first baby and it worked fine , but was very smelly after a while . I think we used it about 18 months and then it became unbearable.You really do n't need a diaper pail unless you are going to use cloth diapers . Just use the kitchen trash . You think that might smell , but since most people empty their kitchen trash frequently , there are not as many dirty diapers in there . Put solid poop in the toilet , otherwise you can just toss the diapers . Our daughter is 11 months old , eating solid food , and we 've never had a problem . We do have a cheap pail for the cloth diapers , but we clean it thoroughly when we launder the diapers .
 After 18 months , our original Diaper Genie 2 had basically taken on the diaper smell and could n't be cleaned anymore . With Baby # 2 on the way , we decided to try Diaper Champ . Big mistake.Mechanically , it worked soundly , so no problems there . However , with every turn of the drum a `` puff '' of foul , diaper stink floated up.My decision to return it was made immediately upon opening the compartment to change the bag . The bag just sits down inside , but is wide open . The odor immediately filled the baby 's room , and several adjacent ones . With eyes watering , I grabbed the bag , tied it off , then double-bagged . Fortunately , we could a few open windows and turn on a fan to disperse it.I hope I can get my money back .
 My Diaper Champ would n't work properly -LRB- the drum wo n't rotate to dispose of the diaper -RRB- because the blue ring inside the device interferes with the rotation . The problem is very common with the new model . Just go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and read the complaints and the poor customer service reply . I followed the instructions from the customer service three times with no luck . I am going to return this piece of plastic to Babies R Us this afternoon .
 The lid does n't turn and the blue lip gets stuck . You have to wrestle with this with both hands while holding the bottom with your foot . And the wipes fall out all the time . It 's just AWFUL !!!
 I was definately excited to have a diaper pail capable of keeping smells down and holding more diapers . I have two little ones under the age of two . I was immediately disapointed to find that everytime I tried to filp the diaper into the pail , in the entire thing opened up . I guess mine could be broken but I think its just poor design . It also seems to be no better than the competitors at keeping diaper smells in the pail . The plus is that it uses regular trash bags .
 I have a blue one of these and the handle operation is really the only nice thing about this BUT other than that I HATE this because it does NOT hold in odor and after awhile the plastic starts to hold in the odor from the diapers -LRB- even after cleaning it and using baking soda in the bottom of it -RRB- , and it only holds like maybe 20 diapers if not less than that before it starts to get too full and hard to use then you have to change the bag . This is better than the diaper genie in the sense of ease of use and it can take regular garbage bags but thats it as far as im concerned . Anyway , I just ordered the diaper champ deluxe -LRB- Newer Model -RRB- and hopefully that works better odor wise , oh and the only reason I ordered another diaper champ is because it takes regular 13 gal trash bags and I like the handle operation -LRB- ease of use -RRB- but if this new diaper champ model does the same thing I will get scented garbage bags and a regular garbage can with a lid and say the hell with the diaper champ forever ! I would NOT recommend this to Anyone , or at least not this model , But save your money ! I dont know how the deluxe model is yet , I will post a review on that products page after I recieve it and use it !
 We purchased our Diaper Champ in 2009 due to the many great reviews however we 've had several issues that have caused us to stop using it . I 've heard there is a newer model however the older one is still available as well.The biggest issue , and one I 'm surprised I have n't seen any comments on is that if a kitchen garbage bag is filled or even 3/4 full it is essentially impossible to remove it without tearing the bag open . The top of the Diaper Champ is significantly smaller than the bottom so as diapers are deposited they spread out in the bottom and as you pull the bag out it has to compress to be extracted . There are several plastic edges for the bag to catch on and almost always do . The only solution we 've found is to only fill the bags 1/4 of the way allowing room to compress the diapers and remove them . It 's a horrible waste of bags . We 've also tried using plastic grocery bags since they are much smaller . It works but they do n't reach the bottom of the container and sometimes fall . They also require emptying every day . If someone has a better way PLEASE comment.It really does n't do a great job of covering smells either . It seems to contain infant smells adequately but for 6 month old 's or older it 's completely inadequate . We too just throw them in the garbage for our 18 month old .
 Do n't waste your time and money . This thing is large , clunky , and worst of all does n't do anything to contain the smell . My daughter is 9 days old , primarily feeding on breast milk , and our entire second floor smells like dirty diapers . We 're going to try the Diaper Genie next , refill costs notwithstanding .
 Thought this was the best diaper pail for the first 6 months ... holds lots of diapers , no smell , etc. . . but once the baby started eating solids ... poops were smellier ... and the diaper champ did n't work ... the whole room would smell despite emptying the bag 2-3xs per week ... Also , my one year old thinks it 's a toy to play with because of the flip handle it has ... The Champ is now sitting in the garage because I got tired of the smell . There 's got to be something better . I may have to give in and buy the Diaper Genie .
 We got the Diaper Champ because we thought it was smart to use regular garbage bags and not pay for the diaper Genie refills . BIG MISTAKE ! This product does not keep odor in , and when you open it up to put in a new bag in , its all over . My daughter 's room stinks because of this product and we are in the process of trying to find a REAL odorless diaper pail .
 I am due to have my 2nd baby in a couple of weeks . With my first child , I went with the Diaper Genie and decided that I would give the Champ a try this time . I had read all the kudo 's all the new mommies gave the champ on odor etc. . Well , I have been using it for a couple of weeks now with my toddler 's diapers and you better believe that the pail stinks when you move the handle to dump a diaper . I am sure it works well for infants who do not have the STINKY toddler diapers . Another complaint ... the thing is SO easy to use that my toddler loves to put things -LRB- other than diapers - pacies , toys etc -RRB- into it and flip the handle . Overall , it 's ok ... but I still think the Genie is the better of the two for the long haul .
 I ca n't imagine that I am using this product incorrectly , but just last night I walked down the hall and really noticed the nursery smells like a dirty diaper . I had noticed it before , but never really thought that the Diaper Champ was claimed to be `` odor-free . '' Sorry , but I do n't buy it . Maybe little baby diapers and areas associated with them will just inherently smell like pooh , but if it claims to contain odors , it falls short . I do n't know if we will bother to try another model/brand , but for the time being , I am buying a scent-masking spray/device to help tone the scent down . I love the little guy , but wow he can put out a scent .
 We bought this because reviews on other pails did not look too appealing . The Diaper Champ also looked good and had a nice disposal feature where you just drop the diaper in the hole and flip the lid over ... bingo . . it 's gone ! That was the best part . Now for the WORST part . The smell was undetectable when we first started using it -LRB- with a small baby -RRB- . However , I do n't know what the other reviewers are smoking when they say there is no smell with poopy diapers . Those reviews must have been written after having the pail for only a short time . After our baby started on solid foods , the stink was unbearable , and was not contained in the Diaper Champ . The baby 's room stunk , the hall stunk , the whole house began to stink ! Even using Lysol spray did not help . We ended up moving it out of her room and into the garage where it still sits ... UNUSED . Instead we 've used the garbage can out in the garage for the past 2 years - and we are stink-free ! I am now due with child # 4 and will NOT be using the stinky Diaper Champ . Take some good advice - just use your garbage can !
 A very good friend of mine gave me one of these for a shower gift . We both thought it was a neat idea ... no pricey refills to purchase . Unfortunately , after a couple of days , the diaper champ reeked to high heaven ! I sprayed it with lysol , put an air freshener in it , cleaned it with bleach , emptied it daily and it still stunk !! I followed all instructions for operating it to no avail . We finally ended up throwing it out ! My friends that had the diaper genie did n't experience the air pollution that we did with this . So if you need a system , I suggest the diaper genie . Right now , we are using the little bags our newspapers come in to dispose of diapers and we do n't have any smell .
 I used the genie for two years and pregnant with my second child , I read the reviews of the champ and was excited . After two years , the plastic of the genie soaked in the smells . With the champ , I was very disappointed because after two days , I need to change the champ or it will smell up the house . I could leave diapers in the genie for up to 7 days before changing it out . I only use the genie/champ for poopy diapers . Maybe mine is defective ... I 'll never know . I am going to sell my champ on e-bay and buy another genie . The fillers with the genie are a pain , but worth it .
 We bought this since my sister was using it for her new daughter and having no problems with it . Well up to a year it was fine , but now the whole room stinks so horribly we ca n't leave it in the room . A couple times now I 've cleaned it , sprayed it with clorox disinf . spray , and after putting a few diapers in it again the stink in his room is intolerable . We do n't feed him anything out of the ordinary either . If you do n't mind the possibility of having to go buy another pail after some time then this is all no biggie , but if you ca n't easily afford that - then do n't do it .
 Even though the box says it works for cloth diapers , it really does n't . We spend most of our time stuffing them in by hand because the chute gets clogged . In theory , it seems like a good idea and would likely work for disposables if you bundle them tightly with their tabs , but I ca n't say for sure . If you use cloth like we do , DO N'T buy this product ! We have n't used it for non-breastfed `` output '' so I ca n't comment on the smell factor yet .
 I am very disappointed with this diaper pail , I do n't find that it contains the smell at all . It is especially bad when you flip the top to put a new diaper in . I actually took it out of my daughters room because I did n't want her to sleep in a poopy smelling room . I would not buy this product again and I would definitly not recommend it to anyone else .
 All I have to say is OH NO , keep away !! I had originally bought the diaper champ since it seemed to be it the more economical choice since I could use any bags I wanted with it . I have had the thing for two years now , I use good quality kitchen bags , I air it out , spray it with Lysol and am very careful to correctly install the bags ... HOWEVER ... this thing STINKS !!!!!! When it is closed , the odor is bearable -LRB- but still detectable -RRB- , but when you go to remove the bag ... OH GOD HELP YOU !!! I can not tell you how awful the smell is , especially once they start eating solid foods ! The worst part is I had recommended the thing to all my friends because I really believed it was the better option and now we all hate it and wo n't use it anymore ! It 's bad .
 While the design of this diaper champ is , indeed , streamlined -LRB- it is easy to use and does n't need expensive special bags -RRB- it fails completely in the main purpose
 Not only is this poorly designed , so far ... no response from the company . I really took the advice of friends when I bought this , but I did n't consider asking more than two - one I did n't know -LRB- word of mouth -RRB- and the other only had hers a month when she recommeded it . She does n't like it now either . The problem is in the blue ring around the top . It comes loose after a bit , especially if someone uses it and say `` forces '' it to turn when it wo n't or just sheer misdesign -LRB- not sure which -RRB- , and then does n't work very smoothly . In fact it 's annoying to be wrapping a diaper -LRB- which is annoying in itself -RRB- with a newborn crying and then turn to use some perceived wonderful item to find it getting stuck and not working at all . I 'm going to try the diaper genie NOW .
 I bought this primarily because it takes regular trash bags , we used it the way it 's supposed to be used for the first couple of days but quickly discovered that as the pail gets full the dropping mechanism gets stuck forcing you to clean out the mechanism whenever it 's time to change the pail , and it 's one more thing to wipe down if a diaper gets too messy . Also , my husband would load the diaper into the top but routinely forget to flip it over to dump the dirty diaper . Now I lift the whole lid and toss the diaper in , this allows me to keep tabs on how full it 's getting and squeeze in a few extra that the mechanism would n't have allowed ... and still trap the smell ! Of course this negates the cool mechanism and makes it a plastic trash can with a tight lid , something I could have bought for cheaper .
 If you like convenience , and not having to buy special bags , then fine purchase this product . It means you want your nursery to smell all the time . The people who say ignore the reviews that it smells . I empty my pail 2 times a week , I wash it down with Lysol disinfectant every time , I spray it with Lysol , and I keep two stick ups in it , then take it down stairs , and let it sit outside for at least 1 hour , and use the new odor resistant trash bags . It 's pretty much a waste of my time , because all that effort still does not keep our nursery from smelling . Several of my friends all say the same thing . My child is a year , not 3 months , and yes diapers get more smelly , but I personally do n't have the financial comfort of purchasing a new diaper pail every six months . I think you should absolutely expect your diaper pail to hold up for the 2-3 years in which your child is in diapers . That 's not unreasonable at all . You will be very sorry if you purchase this product . I imagine the young lady with the three month old will be writing a similar review in due time . 3 month old diapers do n't smell , her child is still on breast milk and formula . This changes , and you should absolutely expect your expensive diaper pail to hold up to the challenge .
 I have an 11-month-old baby and purchased the Diaper Champ because of the ability to use regular trash bags and the promise to be odor-free . For the first few months , it worked great ! I had to return the first one , because the seal ripped , but the second one has been fine as far as that goes.It seems that the longer I use it , the worse the smell is . I have to change the bag at least every other day ! I have tried stick-ups , sprinkling baby powder in it , spraying it with Lysol , cleaning it out with 409 , and nothing seems to help . When I change the bag , I have to let the `` Champ '' air out overnight , and then it is gross by the next afternoon.A friend even puts her diapers in the blue disposable bags before inserting them into the Champ , and she has the same problem I do.The refills for the Diaper Genie are a hassle , but that worked a lot better for me with my TWINS six years ago . So , it handled double the amount of diapers and still held up for three years without the problems I am having now .
 I read the positive reviews of this product when I was registering and decided to go with the diaper champ . Unfortunately , I did not have a good experience with it . While I changed it daily , it still smelled horrible . I used lysol on it every time I changed the bag and washed it out with soap and water frequently . It still smelled ! After 6 weeks , I threw it out and used the regular garbage and took the bag out every night . Much better ! Save your money and forget these diaper pails .
 yeah yeah , you do n't have to buy refills , but the reason i bought a diaper pail -LRB- instead of just using a garbage can -RRB- was to reduce the poopie smell in the room . no dice with this thing even when i washed it out and sprayed it with lysol once a week . the stink gets into the plastic and wo n't come out . it 's now in my basement . i bought a dekor and will hopefully have better luck .
 When I first discovered this , I was so excited about being able to use any bag with it and recommended it to other mothers I knew . Unfortunately , after using it for about a year , we started smelling the odors and were very disappointed . We also tried cleaning it out with bleach many times , but nothing seemed to work . Do n't waste your money on it !
 This is great for ease of use -- it uses any bag , is good-size -LRB- little on the large side -RRB- , and holds quite a bit before it has to be emptied . However , it does n't hold as many odors . For the first two weeks I had this it was great . I considered a second . Now you can smell the odors , faintly but enough to know what they are and where they are coming from . -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- I 'm going with the Diaper Dekkor for my second diaper pail .
 I had the Diaper Genie with my first child who is now 20 months . We have a second on the way , due in July and wanted something different since the DG was smelling , even though I deodorized it weekly . I was shopping at Babies R Us with my daughter and took her to the restroom to change her . Inside they had the Diaper Champ and I liked it right away , so I added it to my registry while there . Someone bought the DC for us very quickly and it was horrible ! Even thought we wad the dirty diapers up very tight , they always got stuck inside the inner ring of the DC , ripping the dirty diapers to shreds inside , so the smell is awful ! Granted my daughters ' diapers are bigger than our newborns would be , but if we had that problem now , what makes me think that it would n't jam as our son got into larger sized diapers ?!? We took it back and got the diaper genie again . Very glad we did .
 At first we were pleased with the Diaper Champ because of its easy-to-use function and the fact that we did not have to buy special refills or bags . However , we quickly learned that the biggest drawback to the Champ is its inability to seal in odor . We frequently empty the bags and clean the pail -LRB- including Lysol , chlorine bleach , and anti-bacterial wipes -RRB- but have found the odor to be overwhelming and ever present regardless of disinfectant or frequent bag changes . Recently in a popular parenting magazine , they reviewed various diaper disposal systems and used Limburger cheese -LRB- a very potent and stinky cheese -RRB- to measure odor levels among the various systems . Diaper Champ received the worst rating for odor -LRB- 4 cheese wedges indicating the worst odor rating possible . -RRB- I would avoid the hassle , spend a few extra bucks and get one of the other , higher-rated and popular systems .
 We received the diaper champ as a gift and when my daughter was a newborn and it worked just fine ... then she got bigger and so did her diapers . They were constantly getting jammed in the chute . And now that she is on solids it is not keeping the odors in at all . Every time we flip the handle we get a huge wiff of dirty diapers . So needless to say we are not using this anymore . It 's great for newborns but not for older babies .
 In my opinion the Diaper Champ was very poorly constructed and was a complete waste of my money . Here are a list of problems that I experienced while using cloth diapers in the Champ ... 1 . The base does not open easily ... usually you have to keep exerting force until the lid finally slams open . -LRB- If your toes happen to be in the way , the heavy , diaper-filled base is soooo painful as it snaps back down on top of your foot . -RRB- 2 . After you finally open the lid and you try to replace the bag , the lid does not stay propped open on its own . You almost need a second person to hold the lid open while installing the clean plastic bag . If you do n't get the bag installed correctly the first time , this means that the bag will fall into the pail and you will end up with dirty diapers outside of the bag in the pail .3 . The Champ only holds about 20 cloth diapers , so the bag needs to be replaced too frequently . If you do n't replace the bag when imediately when needed the receptacle gets jammed . Typically each tall kitchen garbage bag is only 1/5 full when it needs to be replaced . -LRB- It is a hassle and not very environmentally friendly . -RRB- If you are using a diaper service , this also means that you will need to find a place to store these extra bags of dirty diapers while you are waiting for the weekly diaper pick-up . YUK ! 4 . The receptacle gets jammed regularly , so I need to stick my hand down the disposal hole in order to push the diaper completely down into the diaper holding tank . Since I am using cloth diapers , each day I find myself sticking my hand into a wet/poopy plastic hole while trying to pry a wet diaper down to the bottom of the receptacle hole so it will fall into the base .5 . The receptacle hole collects urine and stool as the diapers are inserted into the hole . It stinks so it needs to be cleaned every week or it will make your baby 's room smell.If you are using cloth diapers my recommendation is to purchase an old fashioned diaper pail , plastic , with a lid and is provided by most diaper services -RRB- . The cheaper pail will hold more diapers , it is easier to use , it costs less and it smells better . Do n't waste your $ $ $ on the Champ if you are using cloth diapers .
 I have both the diaper genie and the diaper champ at home , one on each level . I started with the diaper genie and hated buying the refill cartridges , but the overall design kept 100 % of the odors out . I moved into a two story home , so I bought the diaper champ after reading the great reviews . It was great starting off , but when it came time to empty it , I took the lid off to pull out the bag of soiled diapers and a trememdous wave of raw stench came pouring out . Worse , I got the bag out and tied it off , but the stench was still lingering around inside the pail . With the diaper genie , you never have to lift the top completely off with an open bag to empty it since you just twist the top , pull out the bag , and flop the lid bag down and continue . The smell was floating around the room for quite a while . The job of the pail is to prevent the nasty smell and the diaper champ fails . Yes , the diaper genie has those costly cartridges , but you have to weigh out what means more to you
 I wish someone would have told me that this is not work well with cloth diapers . I Hate this pail . The center piece does not drop easily I have push it . I found that when it is filling the center of the pail piles up and the sides are empty I have to open it and re-arrange the soiled diapers . Things get stuck in the center and it jams . I hate this pail . I do n't know why other reviews say it does not smell - it does . I have dio discs in it and it still smells . I wash the diapers every 48 hours or so and it still smells . I ca n't imagine it working so great with disposable diapers because it will still smell and the center piece sticks even with cleaning . I have wiped it out with Lysol and a hose and it still sticks . Did I mention I hate this pail ?
 We bought this for baby # 2 thinking that it would be easier and have a larger capacity . I had some trouble getting the garbage bags to be really secure in there , and furthermore ended up having to push the weight down in order to get the diaper to fall all the way through before it was really full , maybe when it was about 2/3 full . Lastly , for the really dirty , messed up diapers , I would have to clean the chute , whereas that is not a consideration for the Diaper Genie .
 I bought this instead of the diaper genie because I liked the idea that I could use my own trash bags and not have to buy refills all the time . Unfortunately , this product does not contain odors well at all ! I have to change the liner ever few days AND the odor manages to stay within the can even without anything in it ! You may as well have a regular open trash can in your nursery because it will smell the same .
 I can see why this product gets great reviews . Everybody writes their review before they have had to clean it . My evaluation of the product changed 180 degrees after trying to clean this thing . When some poop inevitably squeezes out of a diaper that you are trying to dispose of you have a mess to clean up . I just spent a poopy hour trying to clean this thing . It is difficult to disassemble -- you need a screwdriver ! -- and there are a lot of crevices in the cylinder that get poop in them and are impossible to clean . There is a foam cushion glued to the plastic under the flip assembly and if that gets poopy it smears the poop all over the lid every time you flip it ! How are you supposed to clean the poop out of the foam ? The screws go directly into soft plastic so after a few disassemblies they are n't going to hold anymore . Next time I 'd look into something else .
 I purchased this diaper disposal system with gift cards I received at my baby shower and was so excited at the idea of an alternative to the `` special bags '' disposal systems . Not long after I started using the champ the blue name disks on the sides started just falling out for no reason . I have more than one child and seeing a toddler running through the house with a piece to the diaper pail in their mouth is enough to turn your stomach . Besides the unsanitary aspect of that , it is a safety issue . My husband and I both have tried to get it to stay in permanently to no avail . I also am not too thrilled with the fact that anything besides diapers will get caught in the flip mechanism and be stuck there . I really wish I had just stuck with the Diaper Genie and will probably go out and purchase it anyway . I am NOT a happy customer !
 Does n't require special bags , which is a plus . This worked pretty well for the first year of our daughter 's life , while we were using disposables , although it does n't contain the smell as much as we 'd like.But once we switched to cloth , FORGET IT ! This diaper pail was out of the nursery in a flash . It was constantly jamming , requiring us to open the whole thing up and pull dirty wipes and diapers out of the drum mechanism . Yuck.We 're better served by a flip-top trash can , frankly . Considering that we bought this pail specifically because it said it would work for cloth diapers , too , I 'm pretty disappointed .
 I have the Diaper Champ and the Diaper Genie from Playtex . The Diaper Champ has horrible odor control . I would rate the Diaper Genie much higher . The Diaper Champ does n't hold the odor , it smells up the whole room . I can actually smell the diapers down the hallway . It 's much more convenient than the other models , but I would n't reccomend it to anyone . I 'm really disappointed in the Diaper Champ .
 We purchased this because it did not require special refill bags . Also , we had heard it worked really well , & was odor-free . We have had a VERY difficult time with the odor . I wipe it down with a cleanser in between bag changes , & this does not help at all . I 've tried placing the diapers in small bags before placing them in the diaper champ . That has n't helped either . This product is comparable to a regular trashcan & is n't worth the money it costs .
 I originally received the Diaper Genie as a gift but exchanged it for the Diaper Champ because I did n't want to spend the money on refills every month . BAD IDEA ! While it was convenient to use my own trash bags in the Diaper Champ they NEVER contained the terrible smell . I used the Diaper Champ for almost 6 weeks before I finally threw it out and went back to re-buy the Diaper Genie . DO NOT spend your money on the Diaper Champ - it stinks !
 We have used this for 8 months . Even with lysol , etc , there is still an odor . PLus , the one handed operation is not really possible ... 9 times out of 10 the handle jams as you try to flip it . We have also had diapers get trapped during the flip , even when folded compactly ... this results in poop smears inside the flipping drum , where it is very hard to clean . I loved being able to use my own garbage bags as refills , but the sheer bulk and ugliness of this unit , coupled with odor and the jamming flip device , led me to buy a diaper dekor instead to replace it . Diaper dekor is MUCH better ... even considerng the high cost of refills .
 I first bought this item because I liked that you could use regular garbage bags . I loved this product until I started my child on solids , then it was useless . It always smelled and I could n't keep it in my babies room . I went and bought the new improved diaper genie , and I do n't smell a thing .
 You know in the cartoons when they would put a clothspin to their noses , well , that is how we were with our champ . When I had mine , I had two kiddos in diapers , a new born and a 1 year old ... with in 6 months it got NASTY ! IT got to where we had to leave it out side . WE tried everything to get that smell out . We soaked it in bleach water for a week , smelled like bleach and portapotty , then we did baking soada , nope , just made the portapotty smell worse , we tried airing it out ... made it worse ... THe plastic holds in the smell so so so bad . So we ended up just throwing it away ! After the champ we just started to throw away the diapers in the regular garbage and took it out daily ... no smells that way.Also if you are planning on using this for cloth diapering -LRB- several of my friends are -RRB- when you get to a med . diaper , they wo n't fit in the hole . I cloth diapered for a while .
 We had diaper genie with our first it lasted alot longer than this one did before it starts smelling . Our child is four months old and it smells up the whole room , after a couple of days after being emptied . We moved it to the garage .
 Do not listen to the other reviews on this webpage - this product makes the entire nursery smell ! I originally bought this rather than the Diaper Genie because I did not want to have to buy special bags but what a mistake ! If you do not use deoderized bags you will need to change the bag every single day because if there is one poopy diaper in there it smells really bad . I actually threw out the Diaper Champ that I had bought and got the Diaper Genie instead which is 100X better !
 We are using fitted cloth diapers and now that my daughter is 6 months old and we are using a larger size diaper , the snaps are always getting caught on the way into the pail . Very frustrating and messy . The pail also does n't hold very many diapers and I find my self washing diapers more often that I would normally have to . Contrary to other postings , I have not had any problems with odor . I will eventually have to get a new pail , but I hate the thought of dumping a huge hunk of hardly used plastic in a landfill .
 Ok - so we were so convinced when we saw this product that we asked for 2 as a baby gift and added them to our registry . The unfortunate thing is that we have many kind friends and we received them both as a shower gift.We were excited and placed one upstairs and one downstairs . They worked fine and we continued to change the bags 2-3 times per week . BUT our baby like many others grew up . Once he was on formula and jar foods , we started to notice this foul odor . We cleaned out the Diaper Champ regularly , but even the smell of ammonia from his urine was too powerful . We were using 13 gallon trash bags inside , spraying with lysol with every diaper , etc. . The smell was just so unbearable.We contacted Toys R Us , who gave us the phone number for Baby Trend in Canada . We tried calling and left messages that were never returned . Finally we sent an email . Their customer service -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- told us that nobody had EVER complained about this product . We asked for a supervisor to call us . After one month , we did not hear anything , so we sent a follow-up email to the customer service rep asking for a status on when the supervisor might get back to us . The reply we received was , `` I report to my supervisor and only my supervisor . I do not know when or if they will contact you '' . So much for a company that backs its products.To date , it has been several months and we have not heard from anyone at Baby Trend - even their customer service seems to have failed , like a leaky diaper !
 We loved this pail at first . The mechanism seemed ingenius , and we appreciated that it took regular bags . But once our daughter started to stand up , that big white handle was irresistable to her , and before we even realized it , she started flipping it . That makes the heavy center portion slide back and forth FAST , and sure enough she caught her finger and started yowling.This was * not * an isolated incident -- if you play with the pail a little bit , you 'll quickly see that the mechanism is a total finger trap for toddlers . Worse yet , they can slam a finger then hurt it seriously in their attempts to get it free by pushing the handle the wrong way . It 's really pretty scary.You 'll notice that the positive reviews here generally say `` I 've been using this for two months , and it 's great ! '' But once you have older babies , I 'd retire it pronto .
 I registered for this item because I heard good things , well it is good UNTIL your baby starts eating baby food and has more bowel movements . This pail lasted me until my baby was 5 months old , then the pail does not hold in odor . I have spoken to several of other mothers who have the same problem . So use your judgement but be prepared to have odors once the baby starts eating baby food .
 This product at first worked out great , but after a few months of use . It does not trap the smelly diaper odor . I personally would not recommend this product .
 I absolutely thought that this item was a great invention until I tried it ... twice . It does not even come close to keeping the odor in and was a huge waste of time to even try . The first one that I bought broke after only 2 weeks of use . So I then exchanged it for the same item only to find out that it still is a bad product all together . The thought of not having to buy refill bags was a big turn on but now I will go buy the Genie instead .
 I 'm shocked that anyone likes this diaper pail . First of all , it stinks so badly . I felt horrible having my baby sleep in the same room as this pail ! Especially when you empty it ... you must hold your nose and not inhale ! Second , everytime you turn the mechanism to drop the diaper down it would get stuck ! And then you have to put your hand in to pull it out , and it 's not fun touching a dirty poopy diaper and wipe ! I ended up buying the Neat Disposal System and it is 150 % better.Don ' t buy Diaper Champ ! Trust me !
 This is the worst diaper pail ever ! It was great for the first couple weeks , but then it began to smell . I cleaned the inside and outside with 409 again and again , but the smell would return with the first diaper I put in . Then to make matters worse my 16 month old figured out it was fun to put toys in the hole where you put the diapers and try to flip it the way I did with his dirty diapers . I had a Diaper Genie that broke and was hopeful that this less complicated diaper disposal system would work as well , but it does not !
 It smells , smells , SMELLS !!! Do n't waste your money . I was attracted to this pail because you can use any platic garbage bags . It spends most of its time on my back deck airing out ! I tried washing it once this winter in the bathtub and got water in the top ... it was all messed up after that . I am currently looking for a new pail .
 This product is nice in theory but not all that its cracked up to be . The foam lining comes out after several months of use -LRB- this happened to 3 other people I know too -RRB- , and it does nothing to stop odor . -LRB- If you peek around the latch , you can see that there is open circulation into the diaper bag where odors flow freely -RRB- . Save your money and buy something else - this champs a chump .
 THE LID WILL NOT TURN . I CALLED BABY TREND AND THIS IS A COMMON PROBLEM , HOWEVER THEY WILL NOT REPLACE THE PRODUCT . HOW CAN A COMPNAY PUT THIS ON THE MARKET AND THEN NOT STAND BEHIND IT ? DO NOT PURCAHSE THIS , IF YOU GET ONE THAT IS DEFECTIVE YOU ARE OUT THE MONEY .
 When my daughter was born we got a Diaper Genie because it was all that was out there . It worked OK , but the refills were a hassle and by the time she was potty trained at 30 months , the smell of feces permeated the plastic . So we bought the diaper champ when my son was born hoping that it would work at least as well.For the first 10 months or so , everything worked great . It kept what little smell there was in . The bags were the same as what we used in the kitchen trash can . All good.At 12 months , my son 's solid eliminations can be classified as WMDs . They smell so strong that even the cats leave the room running - these are cats that like to roll in smelly things that have been dead for a long time . He slowly built up to this level of toxic smell from essentially no smell at all . And now so has the diaper champ . The champ is down for the count when it comes to keeping the smell in - and that 's really the point behind a diaper system like this , is n't it?We are retiring the Champ for another Diaper Genie - the Genie was always a comprimise , but at least it worked marginally well when the going got tough ... And if the Genie gives out , I will need to build an incinerator and apply for an EPA license for toxic waste disposal.Another two years of this smell is unacceptable .
 I thought I had researched all the diaper pails that were out there . I previously owned a Diaper Genie , and hated the thought of having buy the refills . So I invested in the Diaper Champ and that thing stinks so much !!! The Diaper Genie only smelled when I was changing the refill , but the CHAMP stinks my boys room up . . I have tried everything from a stick-um to deodorized bags and nothings helps the smell from getting out . . I have a 2 yr old and a 4 month old and that room gets really Smelly ... I do n't recommend this Diaper Champ !!
 I like the slim shape and that you can use regular tall kitchen bags with the Diaper Champ . BUT , it really is n't that great in controlling odor . Sometimes diapers get stuck in the `` flipping tube '' and then you have to open it and pull it out ... what a mess ! It is n't all that easy to clean either .
 We got this and the Diaper Decor Plus as gifts and I have to say that the Champ is not my favorite . I like that you can use your own garbage bags with the Champ , but that 's the only positive in my opinion . I find it pretty hard to open it without breaking a nail and it does get fill up much more quickly than the Decor . When you 're changing the bags on the champ , it can be messy , depending on how long you waited to change the bag , but with the Decor , you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it 's full to the brim -- so much easier . I also like the Decor because you can dispose of the diaper with your foot , instead of a hand like with the Champ , because now that my son is super squirmy on the changing table , I need of my hands on him !
 This was a very poor purchase I was sucked in with the no refills to buy but the smell is horrible I have to empty it almost everyday and even after that it sits out on my porch half the time to get the smell out and even then it still stinks . If I had to do over again I would buy another Diaper Genie .
 We bought this after reading all the Rave reviews and wanted to use kitchen bags rather than expensive refills . The lid jammed 75 % of the time or fell into the container with the soiled diapers . NASTY . We got the diaper dekor plus . It rocks . Much more sanitary and easy to use . I am puzzled by reviewers who give this thing 5 stars ...
 I hate this diaper pail . I bought it because of the reviews I read . It worked for six months when he was breastfed only . But when he started solids it all changed . It smelled so bad in his room . The diaper pail must not have a very good seal . Do not buy this diaper pail .
 This product was great for the first couple months . It IS very easy to use , there 's no twisting or struggling with the special bags , but when your little one starts foods and their mess gets a little more stinky , this pail does nothing to contain the odor.Here 's the problem ... there 's no seal on the lid . Where the lid opens to get the bags in and out , it 's plastic against plastic that 's not even remotely air tight that constantly leaks the stench of the inside . Also , the chamber where you place the diaper gives you a waft of diaper pail air each time you flip it.I 'm realistic that it IS a diaper pail and is it going to smell , but this product could do a much better job . I DO empty mine at least once a week , wipe it with disinfecting wipes , spray it with lysol and let it air out for at least one day before it goes back in her room . The problem is , you just ca n't get to all the surfaces in the top of the pail . I spend more time struggling with this thing , cleaning it , and airing it out than is realistic.Save your money on this one . The cost of not having to buy the diaper genie bags is not worth smell in my little darling 's nursery .
 Diaper catches and jams in the well and that is particularly nasty when the diaper is dirty . Also , it is impossible to get it 100 % clean after such a jam , which causes the oder to persist . I have given up and am now throwing my Diaper Champ away and getting something new .
 I would strongly NOT recommend this product ! I was on a very tight baby budget and thought this would be great because there were no refills to purchase . It did a HORRIBLE job of keeping the odor in and when I went to change the bag , there were MAGGOTS in it . I was so grossed out and disgusted !! When I wrote to the company to complain , my letter was sent back to me because the seedy little company had closed up shop and moved with no forwarding address !! On top of everything else , the piston kept getting stuck , so you had to push it down by hand.I ended up buying a diaper genie , which I should have done from the start . Do n't let the lure of no refills trick you . To me , it is far better to have to purchase refills than to live with stench and BUGS !
 There are a lot of reviews on this site mentioning the fact that this thing smells after a while . I wish I listened to them . I used it ok for 2-3 months , but am now using my regular garbage can and emptying it each day . The diaper champ would smell tons worse than my garbage can , and believe me that smells spreads ! I suppose it 's not a true air-tight system . You might be able to find a garbage can that is .
 We got the diaper champ as a shower gift . The one good thing about it is that you can use regular trash bags , so you do n't have to buy specialty bags to fill it . The bad thing is that if you do n't change it every other day , it stinks up the whole house . I have to bleach it once a week , not to mention keep a box of baking soda in the bottom to help control the smell . My daughter is now 2 years old , and I 'm pregnant with our second . We are planning on getting rid of the diaper champ , and upgrading to diaper dekor .
 I nannied for two babies in some one else 's home and they have the Diaper Champ . I think the reason parents do n't smell the diapers when using this product is because they get used to the smell !! I would think that the poopy diapers were fine in this diaper pail until the parents would come home and ask why it smelled so bad in their house ! Finally , I had to start using the `` champ '' for wet diapers only and walk the poopy diapers out to the street garbage can . Although I 'm sure that this is better than throwing the diapers in your house garbage , there has to be something with some better odor control !
 We bought this when our 6 year old Diaper Genie broke . We had a 2 1/2 year old and a newborn still in diapers . With the older child 's diapers , the smell was pretty bad . It was nice to use kitchen bags instead of buying the more expensive Diaper Genie bags , but once the child gets old enough , it just does n't cut it because of the smell . We bought a new Diaper Genie , and they have made some great design improvements in the past 6 years ! The smell issue is solved , and it is much easier to use than our old Genie . If you have an infant , the Diaper Champ will probably work for you , but it wo n't last like the Diaper Genie .
 Do n't waste your money ! It sounds good on paper , but I had to go out and buy another system , this one kept getting diapers and wipes stuck in it -LRB- not the kind of thing you want to have to rip out with your hands -RRB- and I had smelling issues with it -LRB- mostly because it kept getting stuck open -RRB- . I would n't wish this product on my worst enemy !
 If you are thinking about ordering this item and do n't live in California , I 'd rethink . We ordered one and it arrived in a box barely taped shut -- the box was not sturdy enough to survive mailing and was pretty flimsy . There was no padding or anything in the box to protect the product during shipping.The diaper champ does n't work . The flip mechanism appears jammed and I ca n't figure out how to get it fixed . The instructions are no help , whatsoever . Customer service was closed the day I called . I 'm sure it got damaged somehow in shipping.Anyway , I 've messed with this stupid diaper pail as much as I am going to . They call it the `` easiest diaper pail to use . '' I beg to differ .
 no matter how i scrub it - it stinks ! its just a plastic garbage pail . do n't even understand why it would work better than anything else . but to be honest , they have n't perfected any of them yet . so the choice is between smelly and smellier . good luck .
 I have been a Diaper Genie user for four years , but when my second daughter 's diapers became more and more smelly , I decided to try a newer diaper disposal method . I checked out the reviews , asked around , and decided to buy the Diaper Champ , or Chump as I now call it . I will say that the disposal mechanism is great -- just drop in the diapers , flip the handle , and voila -- it 's disposed . I also was sold on the idea of not having to have special refills for the Chump , being able to use any old trash or plastic shopping bag . I tried a regular shopping bag at first , and after one day of wet and dirty diapers , I had major odor issues . I tried a special `` odor shield '' trash bag next , with no improvement . I tried spraying in additional odor neutralizers . Nope . The Chump still made my poor baby 's room stink like nobody 's business . I 'm back to happily using my old Genie , even if it 's harder to use/empty/refill than the Chump . At least it keeps the odors away until I 'm ready to empty it . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . Mine was returned and the money used for Genie refills !!!!
 I purchased the Diaper Champ for the same reason that most people do ... no need to use special garbage bags . However , I was extremely disappointed in how difficult it is to get the top open to change the bags . I break a fingernail every time I have to do it !! Also , my daughter is only 3 months old and her diapers are n't even bad yet ; unfortunately , after just a day of changing diapers -LRB- and making sure the diaper tags are secure -RRB- , the darn thing is already difficult to flip . I 'm sure it is great about keeping the odor down , but I have to change the bag every 2 days anyway because it is clogged up . I do not recommend it at all .
 We bought this thinking we were getting a great deal , an easy to use odorless pail that uses regular trash bags . WRONG ! Even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast . It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless . Save your money invest in plastic bags and dispose of diapers by sealing them in the bags and placing them in the regular garbage .
 It seemed to be fine until my baby started on solid food . She 's now 7 months and the odor is unbearable . Most of the positive reviews were written by people with babies less than 6 months . I moved it from the nursery to a bathroom and every time I walked into the bathroom I could smell it pretty badly . I STRONGLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS .
 Well , the only good thing about this product is that you can use regular household plastic garbage bags . Other than that it :1 -RRB- Does a very poor job at controlling odors2 -RRB- Difficult to open up to empty bag3 -RRB- If you put wipes in by themselvet they can get stuckBy daughter is now 15 months and I am going out tomorrow to buy a new diaper pail
 I bought this diaper pail because I liked the fact that I did n't have to buy special bags for it . It was a bad investmnet . The smell from poopy diapers wafted through all of my house . It would hit me in the face when I came in the door . I tried adding a deoderizer and wiping it down periodically but to no avail . The smell was awful . I tossed it and bought a Genie diaper pail where you twist the bag after each diaper is inserted . The oder problem is now gone .
 I am a new mom of a 6 month old . I had a diaper Genie that was purchased used from a garage sale before my son was born . At my baby shower I received a Diaper Champ . I was very pleased with the diaper genie I had , but this Champ , -LRB- NOT -RRB- was brand new & I heard such rave reviews about it , so I threw away my perfectly fine diaper genie . What a mistake !!! My son 's room smells horrible everytime I change his diaper , and the smell never goes away . I have to open his bedroom window to air it out daily in the dead of winter ! I received this as a gift 4 months ago and since then I 've been so upset I threw away my Diaper Genie . I was so fed up one day I ran out to the store in my pajamas and purchased a Diaper Genie . No more smell . Do n't purchase the `` Champ '' , you 'll end up switching to Diaper Genie which is $ 10.00 cheaper and better !
 I was thrilled when I found out about this - a diaper disposal , using regular trash bags ! Trust me - that is the ONLY benefit . The smell is putrid and I find myself placing the Diaper Champ outside to air out frequently . However , I would not pay for special Diaper Genie bags , either . It makes the most sense to wrap diapers in plastic bags and throw them out in the daily trash . It stinks - no pun intended !!!!!!!
 I am rather disappointed in the Diaper Champ . My friend recommended it but now I question whether I would recommend to other 's . While it is the easiest to use I find it does n't contain the odor . I can actually smell it across the room . My son is six months old and eating solid foods so the diapers themselves are stinkier but we find that the Diaper Champ does n't mask the odors . We have even tried a `` stick-up '' to no avail . I am now forced to just take the diapers directly outside.I also find opening it a challenge and not friendly to fingernails . It has cause much frustration in our household .
 I recieved this as a present for my first son , and ended up throwing it out ! My two biggest complaints are 1 -RRB- the lid is very hard to keep clean , and 2 -RRB- it hardly contains the odor . It might be alright for just wet diapers , but definitly not for `` messy '' diapers . I much prefer to just wrap the `` messy '' ones in a grocery bag , and put all my diapers wet or messy in my kitchen trash , that way they go outside by the end of the day , and I do n't have to fuss over cleaning a silly diaper `` champ '' .
 I purchased this pail about a year ago and found out right away that it will not control Ordor for # 2 diapers . My cat box smells fresher ! So , I used it for wet diapers only until I found that my now 1 1/2 year old son makes is own deposits ... his toys ! Oh and by the time the pail fills up with wet diapers , those smell too . The bag gets heavy and awkward to pull out if you do n't have good upper body strength or a bad lower back . So , the pail is now in our storage unit and we have a wicker basket with a lid -LRB- found free at a garage sale -RRB- lined with a garbage bag that sits on our deck right outside the sliding glass door . Diaper deposits are made there where it is easy to get too , the smell is outside and it can be emptied by my husband ... outside !
 My husband and I were shopping and we came across the Diaper Champ . We figured it was a great idea to save money using regular bags instead of purchasing refills all the time . After 2 days , I could smell the diaper champ the second I walked into my son 's room . I was constantly spraying it with Lysol . My son , who is two , managed somehow to get the lid open , and can take the diapers out . I do n't know how he did it , since I have a hard time opening it . When I had the Diaper Genie , there was vurtually no smell and my son could not get in it . Invest in the Diaper Genie , the Diaper Champ stinks !
 This diaper pail worked well at first - it was nice to just use a regular trash bag instead of spending more money on inserts , and it contained the smells . But then after a while , it started to really stink , even if it had just been emptied . I tried various cleaners and eventually just soaked the whole thing in bleach in the bathtub , but nothing got rid of the smell . It permeated the plastic and is there to stay . I guess if your kid potty trains when they turn one , maybe it is a good buy , but otherwise , skip it . Now , instead of being able to pass a useful baby item on to somebody else , I will have to throw it away , which is so wasteful , but nobody is going to want a stinky diaper pail !
 I have this diaper champ right now . I absolutely hate it ! The only pros I can think of is that it is easy to put together and use . Well , for the most part . It stinks , literally . It smells up the whole room . I take it out everyday . It 's pretty simple to use except the fact that I have to put the stinky diapers first inside a plastic grocery bag tied up tight to help the smell . I have actually started to just walk those ones out to the big trash can outside . so , what 's the point of even having this ? I could use a normal trash can . Okay , so not only does it not keep the smell inside , taking out the bag of full diapers is a pain . It does n't come out easily at all . Okay , another thing is when you flip it to put the diaper in it gets stuck on pieces of the diaper so you have to be extra vigilant about wrapping the diapers up very tightly for it to go smoothly . Oh , and since I have to put the dirty ones in bags , the bags get caught all the time . thus just taking it outside is easier ! this is a horrible product and a waste of money . I have friends and family that have the diaper genie ii and I am going out tomorrow to buy one . I have noticed that they can put dirty diapers in them and you would never know !! This diaper champ embarrasses me when I have company over and I do n't let my children sleep in the changing room because I would n't want to sleep in a stinky room . I am being very honest . I am not over exaggerating . It is THAT bad . Please do n't be stupid like me and waste 70 bucks on this diaper champ
 Sorry , this thing is a dog . The blue plastic ring around each opening began to separate right away , and the top would n't swivel like it was supposed to . I was able to get it working for a week or two with some lubrication , but it just got stuck again . Wife hated it , I got tired of wrestling with it . Worthless .
 I 've read all the reviews on all the major diaper pails , mainly because I 'm dissatisfied with the Diaper Champ I own . At first use this product seems like it should be great but a little more use and thought proves otherwise . When the bag gets full , it overflows . You wo n't know it 's full until it overflows . Once it overflows it 's disgusting . You will have to take all the dirty diapers and try to push them into the bag by hand . Also , the way the bag is inserted , 3 sides are held down to keep it from collapsing but the 4th side has no such restraint and will inevitably have the edge touching the dirty diapers.That leads to the final flaw . When it 's time to take the bag out -LRB- whether it overflowed or not -RRB- the thing is wide open . Anything there is to smell or touch , you will smell or touch it .
 Our first was born in 2005 and we bought the original version of this diaper pail . It seemed so sensible . We liked it at first , but the smell just kept building ... no matter how much I washed it and sprayed it with disinfectant . Then I realized the rounded part of the lid was lined with foam . Of course , once an odor gets into the foam you are doomed . So , I removed the foam , but we still had issues with odor . By now we had our 2nd baby and the pail seemed a little small for 2 in diapers -LRB- we emptied it more than twice a week -RRB- . We bought the `` new improved '' version , since we still liked the concept of the pail . The smell issue is still attrocious and if a bag is really full it rips when you take it out . I had issues with the old version and I hate the newer version . I 'm buying a really good trash can with a lid that seals out odors . We use one for cat litter and the smell NEVER escapes from that !
 My husband and I were all set to buy the Diaper Genie when someone came running up to us at Toys R Us and said to buy the Diaper Champ . So we did and it was great for a while ... but then no matter how hard we tried -LRB- we always wrapped up the diaper but sometimes they do get messy -RRB- the chute started to get dirty and the weight started to get dirty from the other side so it smelled and was a mess . We tried to hose it off outside and let it sit in the sun but it still smelled . We ended up getting the Diaper Genie and it 's clean and it works .
 I was at an open house this weekend looking at a home I might buy ... you could smell the diaper pail through out the entire house . It was really strong when you were in the baby 's room.They had this diaper disposer . I finally suggested to the listing agent that she might try putting some baking soda in it because everyone is going to think the problem was with the carpet !
 This may look fancy , but does not control soiled diapers odors , only wet diapers odors . You are better off buying a trash can with a lid .
 The diaper champ seemed to do very well for the 1st 8-10 months or so . Very easy to use own kitchen bags and very little smell . I cleaned out the entire inner surface and outer tubing system with a kitchen cleaner that had bleach in it , at least every month . However , after a while , this did n't even work at getting rid of the awful , stinky diaper smell . So my husband un-screwed the tube system and we soaked it in a diluted bleach for at least 4 hrs . Once it dried , we brought it back into the house , only to be greatly disappointed . The stinky diaper smell still existed . I would not recommend using the diaper champ for greater than 10 months , unless Baby Trend can come up with an easier and sure way to clean it . I 'm either going to buy a different diaper container or just take dirty diapers out to the garbage every day . Mainly , because I 'm not certain any diaper container can resist the long term odors of the infamous dirty diapers . I rate this product low because it did not last as long as it should have ... that is , until my baby is out of diapers .
 I got the diaper champ for my first baby . I thought it would be great since it used regular trash bags . It was n't even two weeks after my son was born when the seal came out and his room smelled awful . I threw it away . It was the biggest waste of money . I bought the Diaper Genie and it 's worth having to buy the special bags . It works wonderfully .
 This diaper pail stinks , literally . We purchased this one to save a few bucks . It smells within minutes with one diaper in it . We tried using scented trashbags ... did n't work . It was a total waste of money.The Diaper Dekor and Diaper Dekor Plus are fabulous . You have to buy special bags but they are worth it . I 'll never buy anything else again
 I finally got rid of this thing after using it for 17 months . I do n't know what I was thinking keeping it that long . I think I liked the fact that I did n't have to buy refills . I find this product to be very unsanitary . The chute where you drop the diaper is always exposed , and is kind of small for those fuller , messier diapers . I constantly have to open up the system and pull the diaper out of the chute and into the bag . Some of the contents almost always sticks to the side of the chute stinking up the whole room . If you are not prepared to clean this thing every day , look for something else . I spray with Lysol after every diaper and that does not help . I do n't believe there is anything out there that will completely eliminate odors once a child is on solid foods , but there are better products . I just bought a Diaper Dekor Plus , and although it costs a bit more , requires refills and I still have to put an air freshener in it to contain some of the odor , it 's by far much more sanitary than the Diaper Champ and just as easy to use .
 I previously owned a Diaper Genie and also did n't like the idea of buying liners and how few diapers it held . When I saw the Diaper Champ I thought it looked great . Do n't let the base fool you , it is much smaller on the inside for holding disposed diapers . Also , I kept thinking my son had a dirty diaper , when in fact it was the Diaper Champ I was smelling . The Diaper Champ is residing in the garage after only 3 weeks of use , and I purchased another Diaper Genie , which I think ended up holding just as many diapers as the Diaper Champ .
 I was using a Diaper Genie and it began to take on the odor of the diapers after 7 months so I purchased the Diaper Champ as its replacement . I give this product 2 stars
 Perhaps I 'm not doing something right ! but how hard can it be to drop a diaper into a pail . This pail is convenient , in that it offers a quick fix to dispose of waste , but it leaves my baby 's room smelly ! My husband and I have cleaned and spray the pail with Lysol , and it still leaves the whole house smelly . We have however , remedied this by wrapping the poopie diapers in the small plastic bags we get from the grocer , and then dispose of them in the pail . This is the only relief we get from the smell .
 I also had the older Diaper Champ and it broke so I got this new one , `` New And Improved '' ! I do n't know if they 've ever tested this product . It 's impossible to get the diaper bag out of the Diaper champ . It 's big from the bottom and small from the top so when you try to get the bag out of it , it always gets stuck and if you try harder then the bag rips ! It 's absolutely horrible product . NEW OR SOON TO BE MOMS - DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 After reading the glowing reviews here and receiving a positive one from a friend , we decided to replace a broken Diaper Genie -LRB- lid broke off -RRB- with the Champ . What a disappointment ! Here are the big two complaints :1 . It 's unsanitary . Putting diapers and messy wipes into the slot and dumping them in the bucket leaves the slot a germy mess . Having to clean the slot each and every time is just unrealistic and too much work ! And I fear our toddler getting anywhere near the thing because of the germs .2 . The smell . It 's probably not as bad with an infant , but let me tell you , opening the lid to empty toddler diapers is one frightening experience ! Yikes , what a smell after just a couple days . We used the odor prevention garbage bags , but nothing prepared me for that odor when I opened the lid . Since nothing seals off the individual diapers , it 's just a sea of messy diapers in there . Yuck.On the plus side , it 's wonderful to be able to use regular garbage bags , not the expensive ones the Genie requires . And it 's certainly easy to use . But I 'm not sure how this product is any better than just using a garbage can with a lid.When our second child arrives next year , we 'll be going back to the Diaper Genie . It 's not perfect , but it 's much cleaner and there 's less odor involved -LRB- the reason to get one of these products in the first place -RRB- . And the new version of the Genie is much easier to operate than the earlier model , so we 'll just cross our fingers the lid stays attached next time .
 Thought I was being clever buying one that did n't need special bags . But it 's too big & cumbersome to use . You will have difficulty rotating the top to make stuff go down . Once baby 's a few months old - forget it ! Too much trouble as you 're wrestling with baby . Nobody but me ever bothered -LRB- mom , husband -RRB- , so I 'd always come in to find there would be diapers sticking out the top . The seal broke after about 2 weeks . You will get stuff stuck in it . Looks great , but it is n't . Bought a small commercial grade foot operated can and it works much better . Does n't hold as much but then too much is kind of gross when you think about it !!! Good luck !
 I thought that the convenience of not having to use special bags would make this product great . Unfortunately , this product does not help keep the odor away like the Diaper Genie .
 We bought this champ thinking it was going to save us money from using regular plastic bags . Well we thought wrong . It is horrible . The whole room smells like dirty diapers and no matter how many times we disenfect it and wash it out with hot soapy water , it still reeks !!!! I recommend the diaper genie !!!
 This product worked for a while , but it does n't last . Shortly after our daughter turned one
 This thing does n't work very well . It still smells up the room . I 've found the only way to not have smelly diapers around is to throw them in a grocery bag , tie it up and put it outside . It 's cheaper too .
 I am disappointed with this product because after about 6 months it started to stink terribly ! I stuck it out to 12 months and I ca n't stand it anymore it smells worse than ever !! I agree with one of the other comments that when you wrap the diaper with the wipe inside that is the ideal way to keep control of the stink . HOWEVER , I am not the only one using this champ ! Grandpa and Dad refuse to fold the diaper into a neat bundle with wipe inside . The smell has gotten into the spongy material in the lid and I have tried EVERYTHING to get the smell out of there -LRB- baking soda , Lysol , Chlorox , as well as air-drying -RRB- I had the pail outside trying to air it out that it was doing me no good . Might as well make a trip to the trash can outside if I have to keep the pail out there as well . I am sad because I loved the design although I did have a problem with the diapers getting stuck as well . I also loved that it took regular kitchen bags . I think with some improvements from the company this could be the best pail out there . But for now ... it stinks ! I went out and found a diaper pail that takes kitchen bags and has no spongy pieces anywhere on it that can soak up the smell . We will see how that works out .
 I bought this diaper pail after reading all the reviews here . Do n't believe everything you read . This diaper pail has stunk up my daughters room as well as the whole floor . I 've even put a stick-up inside and that does n't help the smell . It is gross !!!
 I did n't want to be tied into buying Diaper Genie `` special bags '' and all that . So I thought it was smarter to go with the Diaper Champ and make life simple . WRONG ! We 've suffered with this smelly , stinky , gross thing long enough . No matter how much you wipe it down , take it outside and hose it down , change the bags all the time , etc - it STILL STINKS ! It works just fine disposing of the diaper , but the stink will drive you NUTS . The plastic seems to make the smell cling to it , and it wo n't go away with cleaning . Finally I bought the Diaper Genie and can not believe I waited so long to finally give in . I wish I had saved myself all the work and effort and frustration and just have gone with the Genie from the beginning . Take my advise , do n't buy the diaper champ . I wish I had listened to the other reviews earlier and gone for the Genie from the beginning !!!
 I really loved the ease of using the Diaper Champ - unfortunately when I my son started eating solid foods - the Diaper Champ just did n't keep the smells from invading my whole house - Yuck ! Nice try Diaper Champ - sorry I had to sell mine in a yard sale when my son was 10 months old and go buy a Diaper Genie - a product not without flaws itself - but at least it keeps the smells to itself .
 We bought this after reading positive reviews regarding this product and the advertising which claimed it would work with both cloth and disposable diapers . It has n't worked well for us with cloth diapers . The diapers get stuck and you either have to push the plunger and jiggle the handle back and forth or worse , open the top and pull the diaper down into the pail -LRB- UGH -RRB- . This is also unsafe while you are wrestling a baby during the dipaer change so you have to try and remember to come back and do this when the baby is changed and somewhere safe . It is n't containing smells now and is also impossible to clean well enough to remove the smell .
 Well , unfortunately most of the great reviews for this product were probably written a short time after having the Diaper Champ . We thought ours was fantastic when we first got it ! There was no smell at all . But ... now it is 5 months later , and my daughter 's room reeks everytime you go in there . The smell coming from the Diaper Champ just will not go away ! We cleaned it out , sprayed Lysol , etc. . I think this has to be some kind of design flaw . Either after using it for a while the seal starts to leak , or after the lid opening weight sits on the smelly inside of it long enough , it begins to absorb the smell from the inside of the bag . So when you turn it over , and it 's on the outside ... Peeeeeeeeeeeeewww ! We now have ours out in the garage , and are considering replacing this with a Diaper Genie which my sister has and loves .
 We purchased the Diaper Champ thinking it was way better than the Diaper Genie , especially because we could use any bags we wanted . For the first few months it was great , then it started to smell . We tried cleaning it , putting air freshners in it , emptying it more often , but nothing worked . We even called customer service thinking there was something wrong . Turns out , in order to truly contain the smell , special bags must be purchased after all.Our Diaper Champ has been in use for 13 months and in order to keep our daughter 's room from smelling terribly , we must empty the pail every day - not really the reason we bought a diaper pail.BOTTOM LIKE
 I bought this Diaper Champ with my third child , after using the Diaper Genie with my first two . Some time had elapsed since my boys were babies , and I no longer had my Diaper Genie . The thought of no expensive refills , and one-handed disposal was very attractive to me , as these were the problems I encountered with my Diaper Genie . However , I never truly experienced the stench of a dirty diaper in my baby 's room until I brought this glorified garpage pail into my nursery . I had spent time researching healthy all natural smell removal aids for my daughter 's room , checked the AC system , everything to mask that horrible smell , which lingered all the time ... until I used my brain and moved our `` Champ '' out of the ring-and into our garage . Viola ! Her room smells like baby powder . And now my garage smells like a toilet . I will be buying a brand new Diaper Genie for Christmas this year !!!
 Diapers are expensive enough , so we did n't want to have to keep buying diaper pail inserts also . The Diaper Champ has worked well for us . When our daughter was infant there was NO smell . It was just awesome . As our daughter has grown bigger -LRB- and her poo smellier -RRB- we 've had to take a few extra measures to keep the Champ in good shape . Like , we dump solids into the toilet -LRB- also introduces some potty concepts -RRB- before disposing of the diaper . And any particularly icky ones go straight to the outside trash . And I take it outside to air out every 2-3 weeks . But overall , its been great . I would recommend it highly .
 I just read the review of the lady who went on and on about people who have complained about this product that she loves . I did not like the diaper champ . I know it holds dirty diapers ; but I did n't know you would have to clean it every day just to mostly keep the smell out . I finally had to resort to putting every diaper in a plastic bag before putting it in and then taking it out every night . -LRB- Easier for home owners . I had my baby in the winter and lived in a condo where the trash was far . -RRB- My husband could never get it open . It is a two handed job ; who 's got a new baby and two hands ? I have a friend who had it too . She hates it as much as I do . She said it was easier to run it to the garage every time , then to use the diaper champ.When I was a nanny they used the diaper genie . Wow , I must be picky because I think that is worse . I hope to find a better diaper pail before the next one comes .
 At first we were thrilled with the Diaper Champ -- when our daughter was a newborn it was a lifesaver , and there was never any odor in or around the container . We would wipe it down with Clorox Wipes and spray it with Lysol to help disinfect , and that seemed to do the trick . Then our daughter started eating solids , and , as parents know , this changed the smell of her dirty diapers . And suddenly the Diaper Champ was no longer up to the job . It did n't just smell dirty -- it was RANK . This was despite frequent cleanings , changing the bags a few times a week , no longer storing soiled diapers in the thing -- we 'd throw those out right away and just store wet diapers . We tried sprays and smell absorbers and old fashioned elbow grease to help it smell better , but NOTHING worked . It 's like the odor seeped into the plastic and would n't leave . We 've switched to a regular old garbage pail , the kind you buy in a kitchen supply store , and that has proven FAR better , and cheaper , than the Diaper Champ .
 My husband and I selected the Diaper `` Champ '' mainly because you can use ordinary trash bags and not be roped into buying the specialty refill bags , and it was moderately priced -LRB- a little less than the Diaper Dekor -RRB- . It also seemed that the reviews of this product were generally more positive ... The positives are :1 . You can use any trash bag2 . Easy to use and refillThe negatives are :1 . The bag does n't seal around the dirty diapers , so when it comes time to refill the bag , it 's just like opening a regular trash can . Smells like the Champ is trying to knock YOU out with odor ! 2 . The plastic seems to smell , ie . You put a dirty diaper in the hole , and flip the handle to dump the diaper into the champ . That `` side '' of the plastic dumper-thingie is in contact with the air inside the dirty diaper changer , so when you flip it over the next time to dispose of another diaper , you smell the last 8 diapers you put in there ... pretty gross .3 . The `` odor seal '' -LRB- some soft material -RRB- really seems to retain odor . It can not be washed or replaced , so after a while , the Diaper `` Champ '' smells even when freshly washed and deodorized -LRB- I 'm talking about hosing down outside and scrubbing with Clorox cleanser ! -RRB- . Super-frustrating ! This is my primary complaint.Okay , so some things are a given as far as disposal systems go -LRB- ie . * some * odor , must empty frequently , must wash and disinfect occasionally -RRB- , but still I think this product leaves much to be desired.We 're going to try another disposal system .
 We bought this b/c a cousin recommended it to us . It worked okay for a few months but then it began to smell from dirty diapers . I think the seal wears out after awhile but I 've never seen replacements for it . I 'm having my second baby now and do n't plan on getting it back out for this one b/c it was a rip off . We just keep a regular waste basket in the room for wet diapers and then another waste basket with a lid outside for dirty diapers .
 We have 2 children in diapers , so our diaper pail is an essential piece of equipment . We retired our Diaper Genie and moved on the Diaper Champ because it does n't require special bags . We were very disappointed in the performance . It did absolutely nothing for odor control . You could smell diapers down the hall . My son also found it very amusing to put his toys into the Diaper Champ , as it was a little too easy to operate . We switched back to the Diaper Genie .
 It smells worse than a garbage truck . Every time you put a diaper into it , the smell escapes from the container -LRB- the worst part -RRB- and if you keep it in a closet , watch out ! there is no mistake about what 's in the container . My sister-in-law recommmended this product to me but after smelling it in her home I went with something else.P.S . She also no longer uses this product even though she still has one in diapers .
 We chose this over the Diaper Genie because we did n't want to buy special trash bags . We wound up throwing it away after 7 months and just using the kitchen trash can -LRB- which has a lid -RRB- . The diapers constantly got caught in the cylinder when we would flip it . We were always shaking and banging it to get them to drop inside . It also did n't keep the smell in very well - spraying it down with Lysol helped . We were also worried that our daughter would push it over easily because it is n't too stable . I think we 'll just stick to a plain old trash can - much easier !
 We bought the Diaper Champ when my son was born . I absolutely loved it - at first . I loved the ease of using it and the fact that we could use regular trash bags . Very convenient . I even gave several of these as shower gifts . However after only 9-10 months , the thing started making my son 's room STINK . I guess the seal was not working properly anymore -LRB- just my opinion -RRB- . I contacted the Baby Trend company to get a replacement - after all , it had only been 9 -10 months . The company did not back their product !! They just said `` We do n't do replacements '' . They just said to clean the thing really well . I ALWAYS cleaned it when I replaced the bags . But I tried everything they said to do . Still - STINKY ! I contacted them again and complained , but again got really no help . I was telling a friend of mine -LRB- to whom I gave one of these as a gift -RRB- about my problem , and she said that hers is doing the same thing.My opinion now - do n't buy it . It will probably be great at first , but then you will have a stinky room . It says something to me when the company wo n't even back their products .
 Baby Trend Diaper Champ . The product received appeared to be used . Came in an old and beat up box . The inside drum was too big for the pail and they obviously did not go together as a unit . After receiving the item , my daughter went back and read the reviews for this seller and it appears that this is a trend . Sounds almost as if they seller continues to send the same product in hopes someone will keep it . I have never had any trouble with anything that I bought on line at Amazon . com . I did email the seller and they told me to take it to UPS and send it back . They did n't offer to replace it , just said they would do a refund when they received the product back . Quick response from seller , we 'll see how quick the refund . Read Reviews on sellers BEFORE you buy .
 I just purchased this product earlier this afternoon after researching diaper pails for the past week and again all morning . Although this got mixed reviews the overall rating appeared to be better than most , so off to Toy 's R Us we -LRB- my 5 month old and I -RRB- went in the subzero temps . I have the diaper genie II and it is great , but I just do n't like having to buy the special bags nearly every two weeks , it really adds up ! Needless to say , I will continue to buy those special bags and will be taking the Diaper Champ back . It does not turn , well it does , but it is really hard to turn and you have to make sure that you stand on the foot peddles on each side of the bottom of the pail or it will not even budge , but rather the entire pail lifts off the ground . I do n't know about you but I have my diaper pail in a corner against the wall next to the changing table in the nursery not out in the middle of the room so that I can swaddle it with my legs to keep it from tipping over just to get the handle to turn each time I change a diaper.Also , in another review I read that there were places on the inside to hang bags , like those plastic grocery bags that we all have a ton of , but this one did not have any of those tabs.I am not satisfied with the diaper champ and I will be returning it after my husband gets home from work -LRB- do n't want to take our 5 month old back out in the subzero temps again today if I do n't have to -RRB- and buying some more of those special bags for the diaper genie II .
 I recently bought a Diaper Champ but will have to return it because the drum does n't turn . The blue rubber seal snags every time on the white plastic and makes you really have to use a lot of force to turn the drum over to dispose of the diaper . I 'm sure not every model is defective like ours is , but it is discouraging and I 'm not sure I 'll get another Champ to replace this one .
 While I like the fact that you can use regular trash bags , I am now on my 2nd Diaper Champ -LRB- in 9 months -RRB- and it just stinks so bad ... AND , we do n't even put the smelly diapers in it !! We clean it every week or so and it still has this nasty odor . I plan on ditching it and getting something else asap . Very disappointed in this product .
 I bought this before my daughter was born and loved it at first . It was so simple to use and seemed to keep the smell sealed away . Life was wonderful until she got her first stomach bug and the diaper champ could n't even contain a portion of the odor . I went out and purchased a diaper genie that day -LRB- which by the way is too hard to use ... get the dekor ! -RRB- . It was nice while it lasted -LRB- about 4 months -RRB- but now is in my attic .
 We set up changing stations upstairs and downstairs before our little one arrived , and decided to experiment -- Champ upstairs , Genie downstairs . What we quickly discovered is that the Champ is simply not as sanitary . There is no way every diaper can be completely sealed before going into the Champ , so this results in unfortunate smears down the chute into the garbage bag , and on the piece that klunks when you turn the handle over . -LSB- Almost completely -RSB- impossible to clean . It is possible to clean - but you have to take the thing apart , with difficulty , and is that really how you want to spend your time every few days with a newborn in the house ? Yes , the Genie refills are more $ than garbage bags , but I bet your time is worth more ! Best wishes with your baby/babies !
 I feel bad that I purchased this product only to throw it in a landfill ... regrets . It is a terrible product . It jams all the time , which requires two hands -LRB- a safety hazard while changing a baby -RRB- . I now use a garbage can with a lid and change it frequently -- a much simpler solution . Do n't buy this big plastic piece of junk .
 I do n't like this product . You have to step on it to flip the diaper into the pail . Sometimes the plunger thing does n't go down all the way . The blue rubber around the hole is starting to come off , which makes it more difficult to flip it over . Many times I have to just open it up and put the diaper in , so it 's basically just a glorified trash can . I 'm looking for something else because I am sick and tired of wrestling with it after 11 months of use .
 The plastic blue ring is constantly coming off . I wrote them , they sent me directions , I did the directions , and it did n't help . The blue ring gets so bent that it wo n't even fit on the diaper champ anymore . This leads to the whole thing being unable to contain the smell .
 I 've had the diaper champ for my fist two kids and I really am not happy with it . I do n't know if there is a perfect diaper pail but this one just is n't it . It does n't keep the stink out . I do n't want to change it every other day which I guess you have to do to keep the poo smell from taking over the room.What I do like is that you can use your own bags .
 We had the original version of the Diaper Champ for 4.5 years and 2 kids . It was getting a little smelly so I replaced it with the new and improved version . Yes , the wider opening is easier to use , but it does not contain the smell nearly as well as the old version . I used to put all diapers in it , and change it 2 times a week , for 4.5 years . With this one I ca n't even put the stinky diapers in it at all , they just have to go right outside . I put one stinky diaper in it , and came back to my son 's room 2 hours later -LRB- he 'd been asleep with the door closed -RRB- when I opened the door to his room the smell almost knocked me over . For the people with 3 month olds who rave about this diaper pail . Write again when your baby is eating solid food and let us know how you think this one does .
 I 've had two of these and have hated them both . An older version with a smaller hole and bought a newer one , with a larger hole , hoping it would work better . The problem is that if you toss in a wipe or two , alone , without a diaper , it does n't allow you to pull the handle up and over . It gets stuck . I have to use my foot to anchor it and shove the handle up and over . I hate mine and am happy to sell it ! I am having another baby and will be buying another brand .
 I have been using the Diaper Champ for over a year , and I HATE it !!! My entire upstairs stinks like diapers , and I do n't know how to make this thing contain its stink -LRB- as it claims to do -RRB- . It 's AWFUL . I 've taken to putting my son 's diapers into freezer bags and sealing them up before putting them in , and I 'm hoping the smell will go away . I clean the diaper pail every time I change the bag , as well , but it does not help .
 We found that this product only lasted about a year before it became useless for keeping out the smell . We change it twice a week , and it still stinks up my son 's room -LRB- a normal sized room -RRB- . My husband takes it apart and scrubs it , still the smell comes back right away . We even bought deoderizers , etc. . I got a Dekor from a friend of mine when my daughter was born , and I love it . I am going to buy 2 more Dekor 's tomorrow for my son 's room and the playroom !
 I read alot of reviews before getting this item . I do n't understand how it 's supposed to NOT smell when you empty it - there 's no type of seal or whatnot . My baby girl is only two weeks old and I dread the really stinky toddler diapers so I came up with a workable solution . I put her diapers -LRB- especially the stinky ones -RRB- into Ziploc sandwich bags and drop them in . Seals in ` freshness ' . :-RRB- It 's an extra step , but well worth it . With my extra solution , it seems to be working rather well .
 We tried the Diaper Champ for 3 weeks . Do n't waste your money on this piece of crap plastic . The diapers were constantly getting stuck in the opening making it impossible to throw them out . First we thought it was the tape on the diapers , so we had to make sure we stuck the tape on the diapers the right way in order to make sure we could throw out the diapers , but the stupid pail still stuck . We called Baby Trend and they were absolutely unsympathetic . They said it was either the gaskets in the pail that had to be replaced -LRB- on a 3 week old pail ! -RRB- or the diaper tape had to be put in place before throwing out the diaper . We went to the store and were able to return it without the box and were told that it 's a pretty common problem . We got a Diaper Dekor and so far it 's been super easy and worth the extra money .
 This product stinks - literally . We had a second-hand diaper genie that was falling apart so we thought we would give the Diaper Champ a try . We loved it at first since it is so much easier to use than the diaper genie - you just drop the diaper in the slot and flip the handle . Plus , you can use any standard garbage bags . But then whenever we had a poopy diaper to put in it - we started noticing it did not contain or mask the odor AT ALL ! Not even temporarily for a couple hours . When my daughter was being breast-fed only , this probably would n't have been as noticiable since poopy diapers do n't have much smell for breast-fed babies . But now she takes solids in addition to breast milk and her diapers can be quite , shall we say , ripe ??? Now her room reeks after every poopy diaper so we either have to empty this thing once or twice a day - which is very wasteful and inconvenient - or put up with the smell , which of course , we are not willing to do . I should 've known better when I noticed the foul smell in the room of a child of some friends of ours - they used this product too . I thought they just were lax in changing it but no . The mother recently told me she had to throw it out because they could not get the bad diaper smell out of the plastic . I know the diaper genie can be a pain - you have to use their bags and the twisting mechanism and emptying it is cumbersome - but at least it contains the smell . I would stick with that - I wasted $ 30 + on this worthless diaper champ .
 LET ME START BY SAYING THAT THE CONVIENCE OF THE PAIL IS GREAT , AND UP UNTIL MY DAUGHTER WAS ABOUT 6 MONTHS IT WAS OK ! BUT NOW THAT SHE IS EATING SOLIDS , UUUGHHH ! WAIT BEFORE EVERYONE GETS ALL DEFENSIVE , I CHANGE THE PAIL ABOUT ONCE OR TWICE A WEEK OK MAYBE I COULD CHANGE IT MORE OFTEN BUT LET ME TELL YOU IT STINKS !!! I HATE IT ! I HAVE EVEN SOAKED THE PAIL IN BLEACH THEN AGAIN IN AMMONIA AND THE STINK WILL NOT COME OUT ! I HAVE TRIED SCENTED BAGS , I HAVE TRIED GLAD TRASH WITH NO LUCK ! ALSO , I CONSIDER MY SELF NEROTIC ABOUT BEING CLEAN SO I WILL END WITH THIS FOR NEWBORNS IT IS GREAT , THE CONVIENCE THE ODOR , BUT NOW FORGET IT !!! GOOD LUCK AND CONGRATS TO ALL THE NEW PARENTS ! : -RRB-
 My cousin recommended this and said it kept out the smell so I was excited to use it and then all I smelled in my daughter 's room were smelly diapers . Not sure why but this plastic thing did n't work for me . Now I just use a vintage diaper pail stainless steel step can with a paper bag on the bottom to absorb the odors . I replace the paper bag every once in a while and now it 's fairly odor free .
 Gets stinky after a few months , the seal on the piston does n't seal anymore . Also , diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston . Large diapers have to be wrapped tightly . I gave up and got a diaper Dekor . Much more hands off and takes any size diapers . Also much less stinky . Do n't buy the diaper champ . You will be sorry after a few months .
 The Diaper Champ worked great for about the first eight months . After that , it started to loose it 's ability to contain the stink . We have resorted to placing the Diaper Champ on the back patio . I hope it does n't attract any wildlife !
 The diaper champ is very easy to use and relatively easy to change the bags -LRB- which are regular kitchen garbage bags ... nice ! -RRB- , but my son 's room stinks because it does n't really get rid of any of the odor . I 'm going to try something else ...
 Ok , I have not used the new & improved version but I can tell you
 I HAVE A 3 MONTH OLD SON AND I OWN THE DIAPER CHAMP . THE ODOR CONTROL IS NON EXSISTANT -- MY SONS ROOM STINKS . NOT ONLY THAT BUT WHEN I CHANGE THE PAIL I HAVE LITTLE BUGS IN THE BAG AND AT THE BOTTOM OF THE PAIL , AND I CHANGE THE BAG 3 OR 4 TIMES A WEEK . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE . SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I got the diaper champ after hearing it needs no refills to it . I thought it was a good bargain ... I WAS WRONG ! It stinks so bad that I had to through it away after 1 month of use ... I went out a bought the Neat ... I need to buy refills but , trust me it 's worth it !
 I was initially attracted to this product because you can use regular garbage bags . So I registered for it . It worked fine until my son started solid foods . Then just one soiled diaper would smell up the nursery . As my son got older even the pee diapers were smelling up the nursery . I even changed the bag at least twice/week and it still smelled . My son is 2 now and I just got rid of this and bought the new and improve diaper genie which is easy to use and holds the odor in . I wish I had it sooner !
 We wanted to have a convenient locking receptable for poop-laden diapers in our toddler 's bedroom . While they do lock , they are n't convenient . Wipes get caught in the mechanism and you have to shake and bang it while trying to keep wriggling baby on the changing table . Poop gets into the chamber , and smears on the outside of the rotating drum , particularly when they get too full , which they do often . They 're bigger than diaper genies , yes , but not quite big enough for a baby with a big appetite.This smearing problem , is , in my opinion , probably the source of the smell that others complain of . We have cured the smell by keeping handy a container of bleach-wipes , and frequently wiping thoroughly in and out of the drum . What a hassle!Our recommendation
 As a mom of 3 , I 've had some experience with diaper pails . Our first was the diaper genie , which did a great job of containing odors , but I wanted one that could simply use a standard garbage bag -LRB- my environmental conscience was bugging me -- bad enough I was using disposable diapers ! -RRB- . Finally , my in-laws did some babysitting , could n't figure out how to replace the cartridge , and broke it . So I shopped for a new pail for baby # 2 ... and bought the Diaper Champ . From day 1 , it smelled ! I was surprised since the mechanism seems to be pretty well sealed , but nothing I could do stopped it ! I put up with it since I spent ... on it , and after about 8-9 months of use , it broke ! The weight in the plunger broke through the plastic seal and fell into the bottom -LRB- and this time , no one manhandled it -RRB- ! We tried to repair it , to no avail . From that point forward we just took the diapers to the kitchen can , and emptied them every night.If anyone finds a better can , I 'd love to know ! Baby # 3 's diapers are getting stinkier and stinkier ! Good luck !
 DISCLAIMER
 This is not a champ , it stinks . It might work for 6mo old babies , but once the real dirty diapers come -LRB- our son is 21 months -RRB- , this will not work . This product does not work for the following reasons :1 . You must tightly wrap the diaper around itself because it will a -RRB- not fit in the hole or b -RRB- if any of the soiled area of the diaper is exposed , it will soil the chamber walls .2 . It is hard to wrap the diaper well when you have the other hand holding up your babies legs .3 . One you successfully get rid of the diaper , what about the wipes ? Heavily soiled wipes could also brush up against the chamber soiling the walls of the chamber , and the cartridge that falls to push the diaper down into the bag .4 . You have to clean the Champ often as our son will often play with it . The chance of him touching fecal matter is great without constant cleaning .5 . The storage area of the Diaper Champ soon becomes very , very smelly . Because the diapers are sitting in the open bag , the smell soon becomes absorbed into the plastic . No cleaning will remove the smell .6 . You will be able to smell the soiled diaper even with the Diaper Champ `` sealed '' . You will probably smell the diaper within the hour.Our first diaper pail was the Diaper Genie . It worked fine , however , the plastic did -LRB- after 20 months -RRB- absorb the bad smells , and after repeated attempts to clean it , we thought we would try the Diaper Champ . It was a bad decision.We prefer the Genie since the smell is contained better with the twisting mechanism . The design of the Genie also resolves the need to tightly close the diaper , and the problem of the wipes soiling the side walls of the Champs 's chamber.Yes , you have to buy the cartridges , but stock up when there is a sale , and the extra money is n't such a big deal.Take it from someone who has had both , buy the Diaper Genie .
 I thought the Diaper Champ was the best thing ever ... for the first 6 months . I loved it so much I bought two . Too bad after 6 months , I would go into my son 's room and think he had pooped , but no . . it was just the Champ . My living room one also smelled disguisting . My sister-in-law and two friends have encountered the same . We all bought them on each other 's recommendations because it was easy and we did not have to buy special bags . Well , we were the suckers because we have all gone back to the Diaper Genie or the regular trash . Do not make the mistake we did . The editor mentions an order here and there but believe me , it is much more than that . It is embarassing . I have never commented on a product , but I would hate for someone else to go through this .
 This diaper pail worked great - until my daughter started eating solid foods . When she was strictly breastfed her poop had no foul odor . Once her poop started to smell the smell started leaking out . She is 17 months old now and we are off to buy a Diaper Genie . Sure , it may be more complicated and a bit more expensive , but right now we are having to change the trash bag in the Diaper Champ every time she poops . It 's such a smelly hassle ! The entire room stinks ! We 're spending more on trash bags then we would on Diaper Genie bags . My advice - buy the Diaper Genie . In the long run you 'll thank me .
 Do n't waste your money ... The smell is TERRIBLE everytime I open to change the plastic bag . I can also smell when drop the diaper and turn the handle . Again , do n't buy this one !!!
 The diaper champed worked well for 4 months . Once we introduced cereal to our baby , the diaper smelled stronger . The champ did not stay ` odorless ' as they state . I have heard from other parents who have experienced the same issue . The baby 's room had an odor as soon as you walked in . This is after we scrubbed it down .
 I 've never felt compelled to write a review before , but those who say they have no smell w/their Diaper Champ must have kids that do n't have stinky poop . My husband changes the bag out every day and it 's still terrible . We have a 3-1/2 year old -LRB- nearly potty trained -RRB- and an 18 month old , and even just urine diapers smell up the room in this thing . The mechanism is easy to use , which is why I gave it 2 stars . That 's my only compliment.We 've had a Diaper Genie for over 3 years and wanted to replace it b/c some of the parts had broken -LRB- hinge on the lid -RRB- . So I bought this based on Amazon recommendations . I 'm now planning on giving it to a friend -LRB- who likes her Diaper Champ -RRB- and buying another Diaper Genie . Not much of a smell w/those . And yes , you do have to buy the refills w/a Diaper Genie , but they last a long time -LRB- 2-3 months on average -RRB- and if I 'm having to throw away a regular trash bag every day to manage the smell of my Diaper Champ , I think the cost just about evens out.One more thing about my Diaper Genie . We have two diaper pails - one for upstairs and one down . I 've already bought one new Diaper Genie and my big complaints of the 3 year old model I 'm replacing have been fixed . There 's no more ring anymore -LRB- those of you who have older Genies will know what I 'm talking about -RRB- . The refill bags just set down in there now - so much easier ! It 's so much nicer and contains smells great . So I 'm going for my second new Diaper Genie to replace my Diaper Champ .
 Unfortunately , my experience with the Diaper Champ has n't been the rosy one other reviewers have had . First of all - my comments here are based on a year 's worth of experience with the Champ in use . I 've done everything from change bags on a daily basis to scrubbing it frequently with bleach , and spraying it down with Lysol . I 've done everything I can think of to not waste my investment in this product . Nothing contains the odors it started to let out after about the 5th month . I phoned the Diaper Champ customer service to ask what to do about the smell , the girl on the line told me the smell is normal as about every 6 months the seals on the unit need to be replaced . Nowhere in the instructions I received did it say that this would be necessary . Furthermore , DC Customer Service said that I 'd have to phone in every 6 months to have them send out my free replacement kit to maintain my unit . Incorrectly wrapping your diapers before putting them in the unit can hasten this process as a loose tape can wreak havoc with the foam seals . After a year of putting up with the smell and changing out seals with no success -LRB- the smell just got worse with time and now seems to be in the plastic itself -RRB- , I 'm retiring the Diaper Champ and buying a Neat ! system with my fingers crossed for better luck .
 I bought the diaper champ because I did n't like the diaper genie . The Diaper Champ is larger easier to use and empty , But when it came to the smell , it failed . It is not as bad as if I were to throw the diapers in with the regular garbage , but the area all around the diaper champ has a constant odor .
 When I initially started using the Diaper Champ , I loved it . It definitely has advantages over the Diaper Genie * no special bags or inserts to purchase * much easier to empty * difficult for curious kids to openThe down side ? * after a few months of use , IT STINKS !! I have used Lysol liquid and spray , Odo-Ban and Totally Toddler without success . I have tried different brands of bags -LRB- including scented -RRB- without success -- the room smellsI used my diaper Genie for almost 3 years and can honestly say I never had an odor problem -- just a running out of bag problem periodically . After 9 months using the Diaper Champ , I put it to the curb with the garbage this morning and am going to purchase a Diaper Genie .
 The Diaper Champ is easy to use and I like the fact that you can use any type of bags . But the whole room stinks . Our daughter is only 8 weeks so I am sure the smell will get worse . So we are going to give the Diaper Dekor a try .
 For the first few months , the Diaper Champ did a sufficient enough job of containing the odor . But , as time has passed , I 've become disappointed in our purchase . We 've used Lysol to clean the unit , and recently , I even soaked it down with bleach . That was not a good idea since I think it contributed to the stinky problem . My husband discovered , upon disassembling to see if he could bring the Champ back to it 's original usefulness , that there is a sponge lining in the top.The sponge lining is rotting away . -LRB- Hence the bleaching not being the best cleaning route - I think it soaked into the covered/contained sponge , causing it to stink more by having no way to dry out . -RRB- I suppose we could buy a second one , but I do n't think parents should have to buy a new `` diaper pail '' every six months or so for $ 29.99 . The other minor disappointment with the Diaper Champ , as many others have mentioned , is the difficulty of opening it to empty . One man cited his wife breaking a nail . I do n't even have nice/long nails , but I always feared breaking the tip of my fingers off ! It latches very tightly.My advice if you have already purchased this pail is to make sure that absolutely no `` residue '' whatsoever is outside of the diaper . If it gets on the rubber gasket surrounding the weight , it is impossible to get the stink out of that area too . -LRB- That 's the original reason I tried the bleach solution . -RRB- I 'm in the process of deciding on which other diaper pail to try .
 TKO ... for us ! I 'm with Deb from Cleveland ! I loved the idea of this diaper disposal when I got it . You do n't have to use ` their ' bags , which really cuts down on expenses , compaired to other diaper disposal systems . HOWEVER , when our baby started eating baby food , and the poops became BIG STINKIES , clear the room . This pail does NOT keep the stink in ! I have sprayed , I have about 5 stick-ups in the pail ... nothing works . I have owned this disposal for 8 months , but it is time for it to go .
 After reading good reviews on this , we went ahead and purchased it . However , our baby is 2 months old and we have already quit using it.Pros
 We bought the Diaper Champ because you could use regular trash bags with it , which is a great feature . At first we had no problem with smells ; however , now that our daughter is six months old and eating solid foods , the smells have become an issue -LRB- and I do change the bag every 3 days and wrap the diapers up with the tabs -RRB- and are not contained with the Diaper Champ . We keep it upstairs in her room , so it 's not like many `` soiled '' diapers even go in there , but when they do , her whole room smells every time you turn the handle . We recently went away for the weekend and I soaked the whole thing in bleach , thinking that would help , but a couple of days later , the smell is back . For our next baby I will try the `` new and improved '' Diaper Genie and hope we can use it longer than six months . This one is being taken out of her room .
 I bought the Diaper CHamp because the old diaper pail broke . I read some of the online reviews and decided to give it a try . It works well and uses regular trash bags - no need for expensive bags . My only problem with it is that it really does STINK !! I had to take it out of the baby 's room . I am constantly spraying Lysol on it and Oust around it trying to remove the smell from the room . And I just changed the bag yesterday ! I am seriously thinking of going and buying something else , or potty training early !
 I have to agree with the other moms . At first the Diaper Champ was a champ , until I had to change the bag . It is difficult to open , not to mention everytime I did change the bag my nails would break -LRB- and I do n't have long ones -RRB- . My daughter is 19 months , still breast feeding and eating solids and let me tell you , her pooh stinks . Once I decided to take the Diaper Champ out of the room and walk each diaper to the outside dumpster , it still took weeks for the smell to get out of the room . It penetrated into the room . Not to mention , one day , little tiny flies started growing inside . I was changing the bag on an every day basis . This is by far the worst product out there . Take my word for it when I say , I rather take the walk and dump the diaper outside than have to use the Diaper Champ ever again .
 I have to say I 'm very disappointed in the Diaper Champ . I agree it 's easy to use , but the first dirty diaper and the whole room stinks . Is n't one of the big reasons you have it is to keep the room smelling fairly good ? We have the air freshner that goes with it , a second air freshner and odor guard bags and it still stinks ! This is our first baby so I have not tried any other product yet , but I would NOT recommend this one !
 I bought the diaper champ because of the convenience of using regular garbage bags with it . It was great when my son was little and only doing breastmilk poop . But , once we started on solid foods and things got stinkier , so did the diaper champ . The whole bedroom stinks if you put a poopy diaper in the diaper champ . We still use it , but only for wet diapers . However , it is still better than the diaper genie which is completely useless !
 My husband and I purchased this on our own -LRB- no shower to help us out -RRB- because we thought it would be easier to use than the Diaper Genie . We quickly learned that althought the Diaper Chump is very easy to use , it STINKS , literally . We had to move it to another room less used by people . I have since thrown out the Diaper Chump after a very long 4 months and bought a Diaper Genie which actually is very easy to use . Do n't buy this under any circumstances , unless your baby does n't make stinky diapers !
 The first thing this product is meant to do is suppress the smell of diapers . Our son is only 5 weeks , but the Diaper Champ does seem to prevent smells from getting out.But.After the third diaper in the bag , the Diaper Champ jams constantly . Only the most tightly bound and compacted diapers then have a chance of not jamming the mechanism , and even then it 's a 50/50 shot . The result is that we often wind up opening the whole top to get the diapers in , which totally defeats the purpose of the item.Not recommended .
 I am surprised the product has so many good reviews . Perhaps in the beginning when baby poop stinks less -LRB- before they start eating food -RRB- it is n't as bad , I ca n't remember . All I remember is the constant smell . I tried everything to get it to smell better . Finally , I went and bought the diaper genie and have never looked back . My in-laws currently have the champ for my nephew and I wo n't even put a diaper in it because when I turn the lever to dump it , the smell is unbearable and lingers in the room . You do have to buy the bags to go with the diaper genie , but they last long enough that I have never felt like it was n't worth it .
 I just bought this today because I was tired of buying refills for my Diaper Genie II , especially on a tight budget . After using it for just 4 diapers , I packed it back up and am bringing it back to the store for a refund.Each time I flipped the handle and the piston moved , it gave off a huge waft of diaper smell . And the smell lingered and it was all I could smell in the room . Not ideal for a diaper pail.And when the piston is down it leaves a large hole where you put the diaper . But my 3-year old thought this would be a great place to put her toys . Yuck!I will stick with my Diaper Genie II . I 've been using it with regular trash bags with it and it still works better at containing the odor than the diaper champ did with just 4 diapers .
 This is a good concept , easy to use , no special bags etc. . BUT , when the diapers get bigger they get stuck very easily and very few fit even though this thing is much bigger than the diaper genie . ALso , watch out for the smell . I feel like the plastic has permanenely absorbed the poop odor and no amount of cleaning or bleaching can get it out . I 'm expecting another baby and do n't plan on using it .
 I used the Diaper Genie for 4 years and had no problems with odor . After 4 years and 2 kids it was starting to fall apart , so I decided to buy a diaper champ . I liked the idea that I did n't have to buy the refills or worry about the twist and changing etc. . But , the trade off has not been good ! My Diaper champ does not hold odor . I change the bag 1-2 times per week , but my child 's room still stinks every time I enter . I use Clorox wipes to clean it and Lysol spray . I would not recommend this product to a friend .
 It started out ok , but the ring that seals the rotating drum catches as you try to actuate the handle . It gets so bad that the product hardly works . Baby Trend claims that it is an assembly issue and provides directions to take it apart to fix it , but that does n't work . It 's the outside of the ring that gets hung up . Baby Trend will not provide replacemdnt parts after 6 months and even then only with a reciept . If you do n't want to buy refills , get yourself a garbage can and empty it often .
 We originally were going to buy the Diaper Dekor , with its own special refill bags , but then changed our minds and bought the Diaper Champ instead , as it could use regular kitchen garbage bags ... BIG MISTAKE !!!!! when you turn the handle to dispose of the diaper into the pail , the wipes from the previous turn , are often stuck inside , so when you turn the handle , the wipes pop out onto the floor ! we are now going back to our original plan of buying the Diaper Dekor , despite the fact that you have to buy special refill bags
 I used the diaper champ when my son was about 18 months old . It does not keep odor out , sometimes diaper gets stuck , making a big mess ! After awhile it smell even when empty ... I prefer using the DG , it 's more sanitary and really does the job
 When I was home for the first 8 weeks it seem 'd ok . It was when I went back to work that it did n't work . It 's ok when you change the bag alot . It fills up pretty quickly so it 's not too bad . Now that she 's in day care full time , I do n't fill it up fast enough and the room would smell like diapers . so I used it for the first 8 weeks and now not at all . If I were to do it again , I would just buy the disposable garbage bags they sell for the diaper bags and just put them in my regular trash . That is what I do now and have no problems with smells . Munchkin sells awesome bags for dirty diapers , they come in a little duck for your diaper bag . Those are awesome !!!
 After reading how great this product was on the convenience of not having to but those expensive bags -LRB- diaper genie -RRB- I registered for the diaper champ . What a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT . The smell is HORRIFYING !!!! Needless to say I am now going to buy the diaper genie and those expensive bags . I shoud n't have the gag reflex every time I enter my daughters nursery . I strongly recommend that you DON `` T buy the diaper CHUMP ...
 it was relatively odorless for a few months , but now at 9 months it stinks -LRB- literally -RRB- . maybe we got a defective one , but it seems to me like a fundamental design flaw that the area where the flippy wheel sits is lined with foam rubber . dirty wipes get jammed in there , in direct contact with the foam rubber , which of course absorbs whatever is on the wipe . so you 're stuck with an ineradicable stink . i 've tried taking it apart and scrubbing it , which works for a day or two . i suppose i could have avoided the problem by never putting in loose wipes , but then what is the point of having this product ?
 My husband and I are returning this product . We bought it because it did n't need special bags . However , the blue handle is very difficult to open - we tried several times and each time each of us tried to open it we got our fingers pinched !
 I cant believe I was sent a used product !! 1 -RRB- The box seemed to have been ripped by a previous owner and then was taped2 -RRB- The plastic bin had scratches all over it and I found someones hair inside it ! 3 -RRB- The dispensing unit had scratches on it ! 4 -RRB- There was signs of the items having been cleaned up , it was oily inside the bin ! 5 -RRB- In order to clean this you need to twist both of the knobs on its side counter clockwise ... best of luck opening it . It 's hard to move the knobs let alone twist them . $ 40 for a used diaper champ ... not worth it .
 Why spend money on a bucket when every house as one . This was the worst investment I have ever made . If I would have known what I now today I would not have wasted my money and would have went for the real deal . Please do not make the same mistake as I. Go for the Neat .
 i am wondering if anyone can tell me if this would be ok to use with cloth diapers.i am a cloth diaper mom and i am having a hard time finding a cloth diaper pail.out of all the ones i seen this one looks like it might do the job.btw i only rated so low cause i never used it LOL -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Placed the order within the time limit I had before the baby shower ... the mother-to-be wanted the pink one . I was notified 5 days before the party that they did n't have it in stock and they wanted me to order the white one intstead . When I palced the original ordered , the pink was in stock . Talk about blotching an order !! * grr * The product arrived AFTER the party . I was not pleased.When and if the opportunity shall rise again to get this fabulous product ... I 'll go to Babies-R-Us instead of Baby Age ! > : -LRB-
 As the mother of an obese child who has a great affinity for all things edible , I felt great relief when the `` Diaper Champ '' arrived on my front doorstep . Removing it from the box , I felt as if I were in a dream ! It was so new ... so clean ... so glimmering white ! I hustled it upstairs and set it up next to Jane-Bob -LRB- my baby girl -RRB- 's changing table . I did n't have to wait long before I was provided with a fresh offering . I bundled up the heavily laden diaper and hauled it into the Diaper Champ . Alas ! With a great roar , the Diaper Champ clogged and sprayed back at me . It took me weeks to clean that room ... Do n't get it ! It clogs ! And when it does , you 'll be sorry!Quaddie , your friendly advisor !
 The Diaper Champ arrived to my old address , even after I changed the `` ship to '' address on the amazon.com website . I had wanted it shipped to my work address.It finally arrived , in horrible condition . It had been opened , and was thrown on my porch . It is a good thing it did n't rain , or it would have been ruined.I was very unhappy with the website for not picking my the address change , and also with the unacceptable delivery .
 After reading all the reveiws here , I bought the diaper champ thinking it was a great deal . I liked that I could use any type of bag with it and not have to hunt down the genie bags . It does inhibit the odor from escaping the pail however there is one major downfall with this item . Opening it.I have broken off three nails on my right hand trying to get this thing open . The latch is hard to open because basically you have to use the tips of your fingers to disengage it which is tricky . If you have nice nails and prefer to keep them , I suggest getting a different pail .
 I do n't know if the people who 've reviewed this item before me work for the manufacturer or something , but I DO NOT recommend this . I owned a Diaper Genie for a year , before needing to buy a replacement -LRB- as my one year old snapped the lid off -RRB- . I read the reviews of this , the Diaper Champ , and thought `` Great ! '' . So I bought two - one for the one year old , and another for my second child , on the way . After two months of using this product , I can say that I recommend the Diaper Genie over this one , 100 % ! Yes , refills cost money for the Genie . But when using regular kitchen bags for this product , I find it extremely wasteful , as the Champ only fills half the bag before it becomes full inside and needs to be replaced . Also , the smell is disgusting when changing the bags ! THIS IS NOT STINK-PROOF - and smells , by far , worse then my Genie ever did ! We even used scented bags and it did n't help . This is also not sanitary , as placing the diapers inside the hole sometimes causes ` stuff ' to wipe off on the inside . Yes , if you 're careful you can avoid this 99 % of the time . But it 's still quite disgusting when it does happen . It 's not that much easier to use than the Genie either . Like stated for this product , you can also use the Genie with one hand . It does n't hold very much before it becomes full - less than a week for newborn size diapers , and it needs to be emptied at least 3 times a week for my older son 's size 5 diapers . Older son also pulls this over way more than he ever did with the Genie , and unfortunately , once he figured how the handle flips over , he puts things down inside the hole and flips the handle , so a few of his smaller toys have ended up down in the bag with the diapers . He could never do this with the Genie because of its ' closeable lid.Overall , I do n't recommend this product over the Diaper Genie . This is an overall horrible product . We 've only owned this for 2 months , and when my husband and I are moving in the next few weeks , we will be using that opportunity to put these out with the trash and get new Genies !
 I researched ths diaper pails and actually returned the one I already received due to the ratings of the Diaper Champ . Though it does use regular trash bags , I use scented bags as it does not `` twist '' the diapers and I am trying to reduce any odor when I open the pail . The `` easy to open '' feature is diffucult to open and usually snaps so hard I hurt my fingers . The smell is minimal as my child is still a newborn and I do use scented garbage bags , I can only guess that as my child gets older and the diapers get more `` smelly '' I may be in trouble with odor control ! The garbage bag does insert easily but does n't lock in the system anyway to seem secure . I think if I had a chance to change diaper pails I would have gone with another Diaper pail .
 Our Diaper Champ worked well for about 14 months-then the handle well , for lack of a better word , broke off . Also , the smell does get bad even when you clean it regularly . Nice to have , but not a must-have .
 After reading the other reviews , I honestly think that I must have a bad designed diaper champ . After about 2 diapers , the odor comes through which causes the entire room to smell bad . I must admit that the convience of the one hand handle is a great idea , however , after about 8 to 10 diapers , you can forget about the ease of the handle because it tends to get stuck . All in all , this diaper champ does not hold odors any better than my garbage can .
 I returned this item right after setting it up . It is nothing more then a plastic garbage pail with a flip top . I can not imagine how it could possibly prevent odor after a few months use .
 ... all I can say is the smell is horrible ... 1 star ... . Please do n't buy this one !
 Here is a 3 step plan to save your money on either of these `` pails '' AND on the bags . AND keep a cleaner house at the same time .1 . Put the dirty diaper in an old Wal-Mart or other grocery bag .2 . Twist and tie the bag tightly . Repeat if really bad .3 . Walk the bag out to the trash outside if it smells really bad.Total Cost $ 0.00 . Remember only you can prevent your house from being a LANDFILL !
 It stinks - we lysol ours 2-3 times a week . Diapers get jammed and it hardly holds any . We are better off buying a flip garbage can lid for like $ 6 bucks . Same idea without the headache and the `` diaper pail '' look.The only good thing with this one is you can use any garbage bag you want .
 After reading all the good reviews on this pail I went out and bought it . I 'm soooo disappointed ! IT STINKS so bad ... it does n't hold the odour what so ever !
 I have been through the Diaper Genie , the Safety 1st diaper pail , and this one . I 've liked this one the least . The diaper genie worked the longest for keeping odors away - about 9-10 months . -LRB- I washed it with bleach once and it was never the same after that -RRB- . But it was annoying to have to buy the refill bags . So we bought the Safety 1st pail next . That lasted about 4-5 months and the spring broke . I 've had the diaper champ for about 8 months . One good dirty diaper and the room smells , even if you flip the handle twice . I 've tried putting baking soda on the bottom and have tried the odor eating garbage bags and neither idea has helped with the odors . I also found that this one is the hardest to clean -LRB- especially the cylinder -RRB- . My daughter also likes to flip the handle-and if that cylinder is not sitting right ... the stench is awful . Truthfully I have found that none of these systems work 100 % . I 'm about ready to use my kitchen pail -LRB- at least the garbage is thrown out every day -RRB- .
 We received the Diaper Champ at our baby shower . I had requested this particular pail because I had read all these reviews stating how great it was . It supposedly contains odor -LRB- NOT !! -RRB- and you can use regular garbage bags . Well , I used it for 3 months after my daughter was born . It worked great for awhile , but once it started to stink , there was no going back . We emptied the pail everyday or so -LRB- and never let it go more than 2 days -RRB- and I started spraying Lysol in and around it after each use . But , unfortunately , these efforts were useless . Next , I started adding a little baking soda to the garbage bag before use to help absorb the odor . That did n't help either . I took the pail outdoors to let it air out , again to no avail . Finally , I cleaned it with a warm water Lysol solution . When that did n't work , I chunked it . It seems the seal around the plunger had already worn out . I have found that I 'd rather use those little scented diaper disposal bags -LRB- they 're really quite cheap -RRB- and throw them out with the kitchen garbage daily . When I think about it , I 'd rather not have a can full of dirty diapers in my little ones nursery anyways . I 'd prefer to get them out of the house all together .
 I would agree with a previous reviewer , Matthew . While the bags are cheaper because you can use your existing trash bags . The assault on your nose when you go to empty it almost blows you over , paticularly if its the summer and the room its in does n't have AC . When we would empty it - we would take it outside first and then leave it oustide , open overnight . Not worth the savings in bags .
 This is the worst diaper pail ever with my daughter we had a genie and I did get annoyed with having to buy refills . So when I saw the champ I thought that is great and the reviews I read were great , however this thing does n't keep any odor in . I change the bag every other day and use scented trash bags , yet everytime I enter the room I gag . The other day I had company so I change the bag and she said and I quote '' Oh my gosh it stinks in here '' , how embarrassing . I was mortified so back to the genie I go . How disappointing
 I purchased this item for my two children about two years ago . Last night my 11 year old Alaskan Malamute suffocated to death while getting stuck in the opening . My dog , like many , had a penchant for dirty diapers , last night he knocked over the diaper champ , and knocked part of the top off . When he could n't get to the diapers inside , he put his head into the opening -LRB- the top opening where the ball is -RRB- , and got stuck . He eventually suffocated from the plastic bag . My husband and I replayed what happened with him , and discovered that a child could easily do the same thing going after a toy that fell in there , or just playing . If the child is monitored it would be easy to remove the bag , but the child would still have to have the ring removed -LRB- which took about an hour and half with a hack saw -RRB- . If the product was 3/4 '' wider in diameter , my dog 's head would not have been stuck . My dog 's head is about the size of my 4 1/2 year olds head . I would not recommend this product at all , and I am attempting to contact the company WRT this accident .
 After about a week , I am convinced , this is the worse diaper pail I 've ever bought . This diaper champ does not contain the odor from my baby 's diapers even for one day . And when you change the bag , the odor of the diapers remains , so you have to either wipe the pail down with Clorox or PineSol , and for added measure , spray it with Lysol . Who has time to do all that ? What a disappointment !!
 I received a Diaper Champ diaper pail as a gift . What a deception ! It says ODOURLESS on the box - but it does smell even when you drop the excess in the toilet ! I read the instructions to make sure I was using it properly and still no difference . So I went shopping for a new pail . I 'm now using the NEAT diaper pail and there are no odours . So I am now satisfied .
 We bought this 3 years ago for my son when he was born in an effort to avoid the more expensive Diaper Champ and to avoid having to buy special bags for it . This was a mistake . After my son started eating solid foods , the smell was horrible ! Despite keeping Lysol nearby , my husband and I were always arguing over who would take the bag out when it was full . Several times I took it outside and cleaned it with clorox to get rid of the smell , but it only returned . We 're now expecting again , and this time we 're going with the Diaper Genie !
 We were former diaper genie fans until after about 8 mos of usage it was nearly impossible to change out the refill containers . It seemed that the ring on the inside had worn down , and the refill would n't fit . We became frustrated and went immediately to the store and purchased this diaper champ . I so wished I had read the reviews on this product prior to my purchase . I loved the fact that you could drop the diaper in the small opening and it immediately vanished to the inside of the pail . However , the smells remained , causing our son 's room to reek of waste . No matter how many times we changed the bags , the smell never went away . Nice concept , but a total waste of money . We ended up going back and buying another diaper genie . The one star I gave it is for the neat way you drop the diapers into the pail .
 The diaper champ is only a champ when you have wet diapers or are breastfeeding -LRB- poop does n't stink -RRB- . It does n't hide odors , so it 's only as good as a garbage can . Wish I had not gotten it .
 We bought this diaper pail because of the high reviews we saw here . We ended up THROWING IT AWAY after a week and a half because it was so stinky ! Also , if you use diapers that stick instead of velcro , they get stuck a lot and make a huge mess . Do n't waste your money .
 I was at an open house this weekend looking at a home I might buy ... you could smell the diaper pail through out the entire house . It was really strong when you were in the baby 's room.They had this diaper disposer . I finally suggested to the listing agent that she might try putting some baking soda in it because everyone is going to think the problem was with the carpet !
 We bought the diaper champ because you could use your own bags and did n't have to buy the expensive refills . At first it was great . The only time we smelled something was when it was time to change the bag . Once my son started on solids I started smelling it more . So I changed the bag more frequently . That worked for a while , but now nothing works . I took the champ outside cleaned it with clorox clean up , sprayed it with lysol and left it open outside for two days . As soon as the first poopy diaper went in , the smell returned . We are on the look out for a new one . Do n't waste your money !!!
 With my daughter wearing larger diapers , I thought that the wider opening would be easier . But its not . Everytime we flip it over it gets stuck and wipes for some reason always fall out . Its not fun cleaning up poopy wipes off the floor !
 Two years ago we bought the diaper champ because we thought it looked like it would keep the odor down and did n't require refills - and we loved it . After two years it had absorbed enough odor that we wanted to replace it so we bought a new one . They changed their design and their `` new and improved '' diaper champ stinks the whole house up after less than a month!Stay away from this - they 've ruined their own product !
 My Diaper champ worked well when my baby was young , but it just ca n't hold in stinky toddler diaper odor . Even if you deodorize it after each emptying , it will start to really smell after about a day of use . I do like the fact that you do n't have to use special refills , and this has kept it in our household , but I am really looking for an alternative ...
 BUY THE DIAPER NANNY INSTEAD ... HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS YET ... FRESH AIR AT LAST ...
 I purchased this after seeing it at a show for new baby items . With a 2 year old that was n't yet potty-trained and another on the way , I wanted a diaper disposal system in each of my boys ' rooms . I had this one in my two-year old 's room and it was horrible . I thought that not having to purchase separate bags would be wonderful . I even bought those garbage bags with the odor removal in them and it still did n't work . My sons ' room smelled terrible after about a week . No amount of cleaning the unit helped . At least with the Diaper Genie , you seal off the bag and there is a seal when you close the lid . Not with this system . It is easier to use , but the smell is awful . You might as well just put the diaper in a pail and remove it daily . Or , if you want , I 've got a perfectly good one sitting in my basement and you can have it for free .
 I hated this diaper pail . I returned it , then bought the Diaper Dekor its the best one by far . There is no smell at all and its nice looking .
 This product is awful . It does not hold odors at all . I have read in other reviews about how you have to constantly clean and use disinfectant , etc. . Why would n't I just use a covered trashcan then ? The whole purpose of this is to keep odors out of the house . My wife , who recently had our second child , was overcome with the smell during her second pregnancy , to the point where she never put a poopy diaper in the Diaper Champ . We have another diaper dispoal system for our new baby -LRB- forgive me for forgetting the name -RRB- , and it works great .
 We bought this because it was recommended by Consumer Reports and I certainly regret it ! It only holds about 10 newborn diapers before it becomes clogged and stops working . Its probably better to stick with the Diaper Genie .
 I paid $ 39.99 for this on Amazon and could have bought it in the store for $ 29.99 . WAY too overpriced ! I wish I had researched a little more .
 I 've read all of the reviews of those of you who ca n't understand why the rest of us hated our Diaper Champs , and I just have to say-give it a while , you 'll find out . We bought our Diaper Champ when our first son was born . For pretty much the first year we LOVED it . Everyone is right , you do n't have to spend money on seperate bags , it 's a nice height so you do n't have to bend over it and it 's really easy to use . I think it takes about a year though , or maybe even a little longer , and it will start to reek so bad that you 'll want to sleep at the neighbors house just to escape the smell . For all of you who have n't used yours long enough-just wait , it will happen . We scrubbed ours with bleach , we emptied it daily , we aired it out in the backyard for two days , and then we finally started putting every single diaper in ziplock bags before putting them in the diaper champ -LRB- so much for no extra bags ! -RRB- . NOTHING helped . I 'm not stupid , I understand that when it comes to diapers , nothing is smell proof . We emptied it all the time and disinfected it constantly . But I 'm not talking normal stinky diaper smell . I 'm talking the combined smell of every stinky diaper in the entire world . It was SO BAD . Unless you plan on potty training your child when he turns one , and good luck with that , you 'll probably end up replacing yours before the diaper days are over . In the end we bought a Diaper Genie . We 've used it for two years now and have had no problems . It kinda stinks a little when you open it , but the smell stays in there when it 's closed . I 'll buy seperate bags any day if I never have to smell that foul Diaper Champ again .
 We first had the original diaper champ , which I would have given 4 stars . It kept the odor in pretty well , was easy to use , used regular trash bags ... etc. . We really liked it until one day a velcro tab on a diaper pulled the foam out of the lid . Since it was letting the odor out , we decided to replace it with the new and improved model . WORST DIAPER PAIL EVER . As soon as the diapers start piling up , the lid grabs tabs , wipes , etc and jams the top so you ca n't flip it . I spent so much time shaking , wiggling and kicking the thing I was very quickly exasperated . When you flip the top , it created much bigger gaps on the two sides than the older model . This is why things get jammed ... also why it lets a huge waft of diaper odor out every time you flip it . HORRIBLE .
 I bought this on Saturday because I was dissatisfied with the Diaper Genie . By Monday , I wanted it out of my house . While it is easy to use , it does not hold odors at all . My daughter is 14 months old -- maybe it would work for a little baby , but if you have a toddler , do n't bother !
