 I bought this stroller after my second child was born . I had the In-step single jogger before that . Now my kids are 3 and 5 years old and I am still using it . When the kids were younger , I could use it in most stores and malls . Not all though , because it is a wide stroller , but even for it 's size it manenuvers very well . Now that they are older I use it just when I go running . Both of my kids are big for their age , but still within the weight limit . If this product has survived almost three years of my kids , it has to be well built . I do n't know how the more expensive strollers are , but it 's hard to believe they are better than this one ... just more expensive . Great buy !!
 If you 're looking for a double jogger that you can run with on swivel , this is it ! I read lots of reviews and even the most expensive strollers had claims that they shook badly when walking fast or running with the front wheel in swivel position . I decided to start inexpensive -LRB- figured I 'd return it if I did n't like it -RRB- and went with this stroller . I could n't be more pleased ! I wish my SUV handled as smooth and easy as this.The only major drawback I 'd say is that it does n't fold very flat . That is because the way the frame is shaped to accommodate the swivel wheel . If you have a Ford Expedition , it will NOT fit in the back , even with the front wheel off . At the mall , this stroller was MUCH better than my front/back double Safety First stroller which I had to manhandle to push straight , let alone turn . You wo n't be able to fit everywhere , like in the smaller stores , but should be able to maneuver the department stores with no trouble.Other pros
 We bought this stroller over a year ago . The first one we got actually broke -LRB- the front wheel -RRB- but we sent it back and got the second one . I like this stroller because it is very easy to maneuver when the front wheel is n't locked . It does n't go through some doorways at stores , etc. very easily , but it is a great general purpose stroller especially for walks . The price is good and this is an overall good stroller . It does fold up easily but it is a little difficult to put into our car 's trunk , but it is a double stroller so I do n't expect it to be too compact .
 This jogger is wonderful on our dirt road and on hiking paths . It is surprisingly light-weight and with the swivel wheel , it turns like a dream . It really does move well and is easy to push with very little effort . It was well worth the money as we use it on our 1/2 mile dirt drive everyday , at least twice a day . My 2 1/2 year old daughter and 10 month old son absolutely love it.The only draw back is that it does n't provide much shade , but I saw that with most of the others I researched . A snack/drink tray would be nice , but I can do without that for how well it handles .
 We bought this stroller because we already had one single jogger for our triplets , but needed something better than our duoglider for trail walking and jogging . This stroller is FANTASTIC & we love using it . Grandparents are enjoying it when they take the kids walking too ! It was VERY easy to put together and it easy to get in and out of the car . A bit wide for shopping trips at the mall , but that 's not our main use anyway . We had to call the 800 customer service number because the napper bar kept popping off during walks , and they were great ! The same person who answered the phone was able to tell me how to fix the problem & it worked ! I ca n't say enough great things about this stroller ! My in-laws use it , my husband and I use it , my Mom uses it & we just love it ! Great investment and a must have for those with multiples ! Oh , it 's very cute too !
 This is a great jogger for the price . It controls very well and is easy to run or jog with . My two kids love it . My 3 year old like the fact that she gets to sit while mommy run and my 10 months old loves sitting with her feet up on the bar in front of them . I would give it 5 stars if it was not for the non-existing sun-shade . I do not understand why it has this shade which does nothing . Only during 12 o'clock sun does it work - and who is crazy enough to jog at noon in sunny California ?? I purchased an extension shade but has not received it yet but I hope it will work.Great product but sun-shade should be re-designed . Update August 29th , 2008
 This product has been very useful for our family . We have a 2 year old and a 1 month old . Even though it is not `` recommended '' for newborns , it works well for this age group . The seat can lay nearly completely back and it has a five-point harness set-up so that the baby will sit securely in the seat . Our 2 year-old does not need as much restraint , so we do not use the shoulder straps on her . It pushes easily . I do a lot of walking and it handles very well . The swivel feature is great for tight corners , but have to be careful when going up or down steps -LRB- even one -RRB- because it is not stable . The sun shade is not very helpful . It does not extend very far , so for our infant we have to clothespin a blanket across the front to keep sun or rain off of her . Overall , we would definitely recommend this product to anyone with two small children .
 I got this stroller a few weeks ago and have walked plenty with it . It is so easy to maneuver and push . It is so agile ! The seat backs do lay back a bit , which is a little weird for my almost 3 yr old , but is fine for my 6 monther . I had my heart set on the BOB duallie , but with a $ 500 price , it was n't an option , this is a fine alternative . THe color combo is awesome-and the swivel wheel is incredible . I will never buy a jogging stroller without a swivel wheel after using this one !! It is a tad on the heavy side when folded , but it is still doable-I do have some suggestions for InStep though , if anyone from there is reading my review ! :1 . If you are going to continue to make a sun shade , at least make one that is functional that will actuallyprovide shade !! No sense wasting money producing the current shade version , it is practically useless . Charge a few bucks more and make a great one -LRB- I have a BOB single stroller and the shade is incredible !!! -RRB- and2 . Provide some type of mesh pocket within the child 's seat for them to put a water bottle/snack etc. . There is great parent storage under this stroller-but nothing for the kids to utilize ! -LRB- I ended up strapping the little parent console part onto to the bar in front of the kids so that my toddler can keep her snack there . It is an ok solution-but now I have nothing , and often her snacks/cups fall out . -RRB-
 I would really recommend this stroller and I use it for my 2 month old and 2 1/2 yr old for fast walks in and around our neighborhood . We live pretty close to a grocery store so I can even go there to pick up a few things . It is really not for packing in the car -LRB- although we have done that for some trips to parks like Sea World and Legoland -RRB- . It is not very compact when folded . It is very light yet it seems durable . The canopy is not the greatest for sunblock as mentioned but that is easily remedied by purchasing a sunshade for double strollers . My friend has the bob double stroller which seems like an upgrade -LRB- very good quality -RRB- but in the end , mine is easier to push and a lot lighter with only 3 wheels -LRB- the bob has 4 wheels -RRB- . I love it and it is an excellent price at $ 175 .
 This is a great stroller for running or taking walks . I would not recommend it for the mall or other areas that require a lot of turning and weaving . None of the wheels turn directionally , which is why I mention that . A few people seemed disappointed with it 's ability to navigate in tight spaces , but that 's not what it 's built for . This is the first time I 've run with a stroller and it does add 15-20 % to the effort , but if you 're a runner and you have little guys , you know how hard it is to get in your miles!Stability is excellent , easy to push , but the thing that gets me about running with a stroller is that you ca n't swing your arms with your stide . I never thought that would be so tough . I end up pushing it with one hand , which seems easier .
 This is officially my first ever review - hope it helps!While I agree with some of the other reviewers that the shade is very inadequate -LRB- use sunscreen and a sun hat ! -RRB- and there is no parent console -LRB- I throw my water bottle and keys in the basket underneath -RRB- , I ca n't say enough good things about this stroller . I hesitated to buy it because : A -RRB- I was nervous about putting my baby in with my toddler andB -RRB- I did n't think it would fit in the trunk of my car -LRB- Nissan Altima -RRB- or if it did , I did n't want to have to remove the front tire to do so ... But , after splurging and buying it , it is better than I had hoped it would be . My husband , who said `` How many strollers do we need ? '' now uses it more than I do ! The ride is soooo smooth , even on our rough sidewalks and at the park , etc. , where the ground is n't flat . It is so easy to maneuver , you can do it with one hand easily . Plus , I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and not that strong , but I can get it in and out of my trunk by myself and carry it to and from the house , and I do n't have to remove the front wheel . The girls fit nicely in it and I do n't have the problem the other reviewer had about them not sitting in it straight - must be a problem with their particular stroller . I love that you can have one child reclined , while the other is sitting up . The basket underneath is pretty standard - they are never easily accessible on any stroller - at least I can get into this one - some you ca n't get into at all if the kids are in it . I also have no problem with the brake - I just push it down with my foot and pull it back up with my toe to release it - not sure what was wrong with the other reviewer 's brake , but mine is just like my single stroller 's brake . I also like the window in the canopy so I can make sure my toddler is `` playing nicely '' with her little sister!Over - all opinion
 I am very pleased with my purchase of the Swivel Double Stroller . Both , my 2 1/2 year old daughter and my 6 month old son , love riding in it so I am finally able to get back to the exercise routine I had previously . I find the stroller 's manuverability to be fantastic . I mostly run/walk trails and this stroller is holding up well over the rougher terrain . One of my fears was that the stroller would n't fit into the trunk of my car -LRB- Nissan Altima -RRB- , but with the quick -LRB- and easy -RRB- release function on the tires , the stroller collapes nicely and fits fine . Although I have n't used it -LRB- because I just placed the order for one -RRB- , INSTEP makes a travel bag that I believe will be helpful when packing for trips .
 I 'm what ya ' might call a `` stroller hog . '' I currently have 5 strollers -LRB- including this one -RRB- , however , this is the only Double Jogger I have . The others include -LRB- a Snap-N-Go for the carseat only , an umbrella stroller , a Jeep -LRB- Single -RRB- Jogger Stroller , & then a Baby Trend SitNStand -RRB- and although I really like my Jeep Single Jogger & the SitNStand , this one is by far my favorite . It 's AWESOME !! I LOVE how EASY it is to push and manuver ... the swivel wheel is a MUST . The only thing I have found so far that I think could use improvement is the sun shade ... it 's very short and really does n't do any good at all -LRB- I have a 7 month old , so she still tends to take naps during my walks , and the sun gets in her face/eyes a lot -RRB- . BUT ... I fixed that problem by getting a Rayshade Sun Shade and now the stroller has no `` flaws '' at all . It was SIMPLE to put together ... I did it by myself in just 10 minutes . Bottom line ... I LOVE it and would HIGHLY recommend it ! OH and I was suppose to get this in 2 days and I got it overnight ... so that was a nice welcome surprise .
 Okay , so how many of us can not afford the nice $ 400.00 + strollers that we really want ? Lots of us ! I researched strollers for a VERY long time , and after ordering the Inglesina Twin Swift stroller and then the Safetech double stroller , I sold those and bought this hoping it would be my final . I LOVE this stroller . Sure it is wide -- I would not really take it shopping since that would mean disaster with my two kids pulling everything down since they could reach it , but I mostly only use it for walks and outings outside . The only door I can not fit through it one at our zoo , but those buildings are really old and so not standard I think . It goes over bumps and sidewalks and everything . I love it . The ONLY think I would change is the brake -- I would prefer a brake bar rather than the breaks that you push down with your foot -LRB- cause if I wear sandals , I have to take off the brake with my hand or I feel like my sandal is going to break ! -RRB- . Other than that , so happy with this purchase ! I got this 2 months ago for $ 160.00 , so I think the price changes , because around December , it was $ 175.00 . So watch for a good deal !
 We bought this Instep Safari TT stroller after having a Combi twin stroller -LRB- which was great for the mall - it folded up like a golf bag , and took up 1/3rd of my trunk , and weighed only about 26lbs -- however it sucked when walking outside , and I almost propelled my kids out of when I hit a small bump on the pavement -RRB- !! The safari definitely weighs a LOT MORE than the combi , BUT , because of the swivel wheel , it still actually fits in the trunk of my camry !! -LRB- Albeit , it does take up pretty much the entire area -RRB- . I can also fold it fairly easily , and lift it by myself and put it in the trunk - and I do it , several times per day - so it 's really no big deal!I use this jogging stroller EVERY SINGLE DAY and LOVE IT - we go to the Zoo , playgrounds , on hikes through the C&O ; Canal , to the mall , and only occasionally have I got stuck trying to go through a single wide door . -LRB- It 's just a tad wider - due to the wheels -RRB- . It rolls over curbs easily , uneven pavements are n't even noticeable , and off roading it through natural surface trails are no big deal!I 'm part of a Fun 'N' Hip mommies group in DC and one of the most annoying things they mostly mention about their strollers is the reclining seat feature - however , on the double Safari - my kids love it - it reclines and sits up very easily , using a drawstring in the back , so they can easily take naps if need be.I WISH , WISH , WISH it had the following : A tray on the handle for me to stick a bottle of water - but yes you can use the bag that comes with it -LRB- and that 's where I stick carkeys etc. , -RRB- . Snack holders on the front bumper bar -LRB- which I have n't figured out how to take off -RRB- so that my kids can eat their cheerio 's out of them , or stick their cups in them.A way to extend the handle bars to make them taller - I 'm 5 ' 9 and it would be great if it was just even an inch or two higher.Overall though - and for the price - I recommend it to everyone I meet !!
 I bought this stroller for two reasons , to combat high gas prices and get some exercise . I have found both and am completely thrilled with my new stroller . The yellow is a very striking color and I have gotten lots of compliments on it . I agree that the sunshade is a bit lacking -LRB- ordering the extension is another hassle in itself with a wait of MONTHS -RRB- but it covers the kids ' heads and I just slather on the sunscreen and bought some misting fans to help their heat factor . As for function I have only found one or two doors that this stroller wo n't fit thru width-wise and with the swivel wheel it steers like a dream ! The kids -LRB- one and four-years-old -RRB- have a smooth ride and after purchasing some ` thorn-resistant tubes ' and a bottle of Slime -LRB- a must have for anything with inner tubes -RRB- we have been good to go for weeks now . It fits perfectly behind the third seat in my minivan and does n't require any disassembling , just a turn of the front wheel to the side . The kids love it and beg me to take walks daily and I enjoy being `` green '' and lowering my gas bill !
 This stroller was a great purchase for us - it rolls very smoothly and is excellent for parks , boardwalks , city walking , exercising , etc. . It does take up a lot of space in the trunk , but we can live with that . The kids are very comfortable in the stroller . I am very happy with this stroller - and the parent console is a huge plus ! My only recommendation is the shade extender to go with it - it does not shade the children from the sun very well ... other than that , I highly recommend !
 This stroller is so easy to maneuver and has a very smooth ride for the kids . The back wheels come off very easily , so I can fit the stroller in my trunk -LRB- '94 grand am -RRB- . My only complaint is the sunshade , it does not provide much shade unless the sun is behind you .
 I really love this stroller ! My newborn and 2 year old are very happy in it ! It is really easy to push/steer and handles changing surfaces well . The main downfall is that it is wide and limits where you can take it -LRB- small or cramped stores for example . -RRB- Instep had to send me a `` parent tray '' because it was not in the box and should have been . It is just a little bag that hangs from the handle and is not the greatest , but at least you have somewhere to set a drink and have your hands free ...
 Overall , this is a great stroller . It had everything I was looking for -LRB- i.e. a front wheel that can pivot or be locked into place ; side by side seat design and ease of movement -RRB- . It turns really easily and is so much easier to push than my traditional double stroller . The two ` problems ' are that it did not come with a cup holder tray -LRB- you have to buy that separately -RRB- and the sun shade is useless -LRB- it does n't even begin to shield my kids from the sun -RRB- , but I knew that before I bought it , thanks to another customer 's comment . However , I think it is a great stroller for the price and I would recommend it to anyone who needs to get around easily with their two children !
 I bought this stroller recently and am compelled to write a review because I love it so much . It is such a wonderful stroller . It glides easily , even with one hand . It is also very easy to open and close and is relatively lightweight , as far as double strollers go . It stores nicely when collapsed , too . It has great rubber wheels that make the ride very smooth for the passengers and extremely easy to steer for the adult.I did a lot of research on double strollers and this one seemed like the best to me . And , it is the best . I did read a lot of complaints regarding the seats -- especially that they do n't sit upright , which is true . But I have found that my daughter enjoys sitting up and holding on the bar . She leans back when she wants to rest . She has n't had any issues with the seat , luckily . I was worried about that . But it turned out to be no problem.I must say , however , that while the stroller is FANTASTIC for walks , runs , trips to the park , etc. , it may be too large for using in stores . I have a tandem stroller that I keep in the car for shopping . I use this stroller solely for outside trips .
 This is an excellent piece of equipment . When walking about 3 miles per day , the swivel wheel makes manuevering very easy . It is great for walking around the neighborhood or trips to the mall . There is plenty of storage space underneath . Add some stroller hooks to the handle and you 're ready for shopping . I 've shopped around and have tried other strollers before , but this one is the best when you have two children to carry . I only wish I could find a decent cup holder to go with it .
 I just got this stroller and went for my first walk yesterday . It rides really smoothly , so the walk itself was a pleasure . Definitely missing parent tray , and I agree with one of the reviews-storage at the bottom is very hard to get to , relatively small , too . Canopy-disaster ! Did not protect from sun , so my kids were sun tanning all the time , I did not like that . My daughters are 17 months and 6 weeks old , older one seemed to be fairly comfortable , but not much room to grow . Soon her head will probably touch canopy , also the seat did not appear to be roomy , but she had winter jacket on , so maybe that is why . She is average kid , rather taller , but definitely not chubby.Before we ordered it , we read lots of descriptions on different websites , and every one gave different dimensions . It was critical to us , since we only have Honda Civic , so were worried if it would fit in the trunk . IT DOES ! With no problems , too , even leaving room for some more small stuff . It is a little heavy , but quite compact as for what I would expect from a double jogger . I am guessing this is the reason we have to sacrifice all the trays , holders and other gadgets.My girls weight under 40lb total , and sometimes it was hard to push - uphill or downhill -LRB- then the stroller was `` too fast ''
 Just received the stroller and assembled it in about 20mins . Sturdy construction as well as having features that were n't given in the description , ie the front wheel is capable of locking into place as well as freely rotating . After reading a couple reviews I was worried about the `` leaning seats '' issue . Not a problem , seats can be individually raised to about a 85 angle , maybe they just did n't read the manual.The only beef I have with the stroller is the actual beef of it . It is not compact by any means which is typical for a jogger . Folded down I would estimate the size to be about 2.5 ft wide x 3ft tall x 1.5 deep . It takes up a lot of space if you , re planning on taking this thing on a vacation . But other than that I have no issues with it and would highly recommend it . If you do n't care about the colors you can get this for a steal here w / free shipping . Hope this helps .
 I love my stroller , especially for the price . I find it to be very well made , easy to use , and not heavy at all . I too own a Schwinn TT single and love it as well . After reading several reviews which do not do this stroller justice there are a few things that people should know . The stroller folds flatter than the latch they put on , you need to recline the seats so they do not get caught on the canopy . The front wheel is secured by the same latch mechanism on bicycles , it is quite secure . The brakes are independent from each other and can be released with your foot -LRB- toe -RRB- , you do not need to use your hand.As others have stated the canopy is not the greatest . The stroller is extremely maneuverable and is great value for those of us who have uneven sidewalks or like to go on nature walks . I have 3 boys , 4.5 , 2.5 and 11 mos . and they love it as well . I can live without all the `` bells and whistles '' !
 I loved the price when I saw it . I have a single jogging stoller made by this company and loved it.When I received the stroller the hinge on the shade was broken.I called InStep and then immediately shipped me a replacement part.Will definitely buy from this company again . I use this for my 18 month old and my 5 year old.They love it . Very easy to maneuver and not heavy as I thought it would be .
 The assembly was a snap . Solid design . Rather lightweight . It is a double stroller so there 's got to be some weight . All in all very satisfied .
 I love this stroller and bought it when my boys are 4 months and 2 . -LRB- Do n't jog with it if your child is under 6 months . -RRB- The boys were very comfortable and really enjoyed it . It is easier to push than my other strollers . There is a place for little feet so they do n't get in the way of the front wheel . It is designed so it fits -LRB- barely -RRB- through handicap accessible doorways , so I even took it to doctor visits sometimes . -LRB- I did bump a few doorways though . -RRB- The only complaint I have is the height of the handlebar and that it is not adjustable . I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and even I thought it could be higher . My husband would n't be able to use it . Overall , though , it is a great stroller .
 I love my new stroller . It 's easy to maneuver and gives my kids a smooth ride - great to get them down for a nap !
 This stroller is great ! It 's easy to put together , and my boys seem to love it ! We 've had it at the beach twice -LRB- in the sand -RRB- and it works great , especially once you get through the loose sand . I did end up getting the BOB cup holder , and that helped a lot with water & key / phone storage . If you do take it on the beach , because of the sand and salt water , the aluminum wheels will start to rust ... just rinse them clean after each run .
 This is a wonderful jogger . Although I only use it to walk , we do walk up and down hills and some rough paths and it handles like a dream - so easy to push and turn - makes the old double stroller seem like a relic . Assembly was easy and quick . It has a nice basket underneath but it 's a little hard to access . The cup holders that attach to the handlebar are only adequate but the rest of the stroller makes up for it . I would highly recommend this product .
 Wonderful stroller . Smooth ride for the kids , and very easy to maneuver . Back wheels come off easily for storage . My kids love it .
 I reviewed several strollers before purchasing this one . It is easy to assymble and manuever . I only wish that it had a nice cup holder for the parent and children , but the functionality is great .
 This is perfect for running and walking around my neighborhood . I have a tall 2-year old and a 3 month old and they fit great , the divider is great , they both seem comfortable and like it . I like the way the seats can recline as little or as much as I want . I run with it at least 5 days a week for 3 miles/40 minutes a day , and take it walking most other days . It 's smooth , and easy to push and steer . I take this one out running even when I only have 1 child with me and the weight distributes fine.I only have 3 complaints :1 -RRB- It 's bulky in the mall . It says it 's supposed to fit in a sedan trunk and does n't fit in the trunk of our 99 Nissan Sentra unless we rope it in . It 's also a lot of work to take it to the mall because it really does n't fit through standard entry doors . We have to find entrances with double doors . Navigating in stores is difficult -LRB- I took it to Pottery Barn home and Restoration Hardware and had to move displays to get around -RRB- . Now at the mall I put my baby in a carrier and push our single compact stroller .2 -RRB- The sunshade is small and does n't do much . I bought the kiddopatomus sunshade and it helps .3 -RRB- No child or parent tray included for drinks or snacks.But if you 're looking for a good running stroller at a good price this one is great . I would recommend it and would buy it again .
 This is the best double jogger ever for the money . The handle was too low for us or we would have kept it . If you are not 5 ' 8 '' or above , you 'll be fine with this.The bug screen totally covers the kids ! Tiny infants rest comfortably with the foot pad . Turns on a dime . Lock it for jogging , though , for stability . The sunshade is , like most joggers , not good , but you can buy an add on . Oh , and the pink is beautiful ! You 'll love this stroller .
 I have owned the double InStep Safari stroller for about a year and I LOVE it ! It 's my favorite stroller . -LRB- I have an umbrella stroller , universal carseat stroller , Jeep all-weather umbrella stroller , and in the past I 've had a Graco Metrolite and a Sit N Stand -RRB- It 's SUPER easy to push with just one hand and it holds kids up to 100 pounds combined , so both my girls still fit it in . -LRB- My 4 year old is 42 inches tall and she can still fit , although her legs are too long and she has to fold them to the side and her head just touches the canopy -RRB- The seats recline individually and you can do either 3 point or 5 point harnesses . It is easy to collapse . I HAD to have a stroller with a front swivel wheel since I do n't jog with it , but I think you can lock the front wheel in place for jogging . The only downside is that it is heavy -LRB- almost 30 pounds - lighter than my 4 year old -RRB- but I do n't have a problem lifting it in and out of my van . It did fit in the trunk of my car -LRB- Mitsubishi Galant -RRB- , but it was the ONLY thing that fit , so it 's not really compact . But it would be hard to find a double jogger that is!It does n't have a cup holder , but it has a small soft `` organizer '' that hangs from the side and it is perfect for your keys , phone and camera . It has a big enough basket underneath for the diaper bag , your purse and a couple of other things . It fits through a single doorway fairly easily , sometimes you have to angle it , but I 've never not been able to go through a door - although it is easier when it 's a double door . It seems comfy for the kids and they like riding in it . And they have both fallen asleep in it . I have had to drape blankets from the canopy to shield them from the sun -LRB- we go on walks regularly with it -RRB- , so I might consider getting one of those sunshades this summer.I gave it 4 stars b/c of the sun shade and b/c of the bulkiness . I would recommend this to my best friend -LRB- and I have ! -RRB- .
 We love this stroller !!! With two small children -LRB- 2yrs and 4mos -RRB- , it is difficult to find something suitable that the whole family can participate in exercise and other outings . The front wheel could use a little more weight for stability as it will begin to wobble if going too fast . Besides this , great purchase for the active family . Highly recommend !!!
 I bought this stroller for walking not jogging . It does a great job.Great deal for the money . My 2 children enjoy sitting in it . It seems comfortable . It was easy to put togther . My only con is , the seats are really reclined . My children are not asleep while in stroller and want to sit up . I had to rig the stroller , so the seat could some what sit up . I put a blanket behind them . Seems to do the job . The only other problem is the sun-shade -LRB- canopy -RRB- does not move . So , if you are walking toward the sun , it is in your childrens eyes . Your only option is to put a blanket over the top .
 I was looking for a stroller that was in my price range that had all the features I was looking for . This stroller was so easy to assemble , love the colors , rolls and turns so easily , and I can barely tell I 'm pushing anything while I use it . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 It is a very easy to push and maneuver . The only complaint so far is that the joint between the hadlebar and the frame of the stroller is a bit weak and tends to wobble . Other than that a very good stroller for the price .
 I just got this stroller , it is much better than my 2 other tandem double strollers ! It turns much easier , and also folds up nice and compact . Compact enough to fit in the trunk of my Neon ! My twin boys love it and fit in it nicely , they like to be beside each other . I would recomend this stroller to anyone with two little kids !
 We actually purchased this stroller used recently and love it ! We own the Schwinn Safari II single jogger and have loved that stroller and this is the same , but bigger for two . It 's perfect for our 2 1/2 year old and 10 month old . The sunshade is my only complaint , it is n't functional , but we are picking up one we can add on to the stroller.Other than that , this is great ! Turns easily and my little peeps are right there in front of me , where I can see and talk to them easily . I like to fast walk and do some light jogging and it works great ! We are looking forward taking it to our local farmers market and zoo this summer and other outings too .
 the stroller is great as far as the construction of it . the fabric is good . . some of the velcro looks worn though but still work . the only thing with the swirl is that when i run at a fast pace it moves uncontrollably so i had to lock it but at normal ` jogging ' pace and walking it works fine . most if not all swirl front wheel have this issue they arent meant for a regular runner at a fast pace you will have to lock the front wheel . the stroller is lighter then the other one we got from baby ` r ` us . the only draw back is the sunshade doesnt go any further then what the picture shows . i had to buy an extra sun shade since the sun definitely are in my girls eyes . there isnt a parent tray , it just comes with a pocket attachment which is fine with me but not to my wife . i would buy it again if this one breaks .
 This is great !!! The swivel wheel makes such a difference , especially with a double jogger . It is very smooth and it moves easily . My 3 1/2 year old and my 9 month old both enjoy going for a ride . My older son is very tall and the way this is built there is room for him to stretch out his legs . He is not cramped at all . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a double jogger . This is a quality product for a very good price .
 We have had this stroller for over 4years and it has been through the war ! We now have four kids all of which ride it in or have rode in it . Our 6yr and 4yr old sit on the little triangle foot part and hang on while the 2yr old and 6mo old sit in the seats . We have been through many 5K and 10K 's with it and it has heald up great . We would n't recomend it for things like going shoping cause it is wider than a single stroller but it does fit through a 36 '' door which most do n't . It has even heald up going through the air plane trips . Usuly they get broken or dammaged but it is durable . It is great to take to the beach and hiking on wide trails . After four years of hard abuse to it , we are finaly looking to get another one . The backs are higher than the other strollers that we have tried out . And the pocket in the back holds our sports bottles and cuppies -LRB- it only fits five cups but they stay pretty secure -RRB- But are still keeping the old one for when we do go running all the kids will have a seat.I hope this helps !
 I was a little leary about buying a big double stroller ... especially online ! After reviewing and comparing double strollers for hours and hours , we decided to buy the Instep Safari . What a great buy this was ! Although it can be a little heavy to lift , it pushes very easily . The swivel wheel makes steering with one hand no problem . Although the canopy does n't do a whole lot to block out the sun , a nice weather covering can be purchased at Target for $ 14 ... helps keep the wind and rain out . I found the leaning problem with the seats could be easily fixed by tightening the center strings as tight as possible , and letting the outside strings hang a little loose . This way the kids lean to the outside more . It really is n't much of a problem though . The kids seem very happy riding in it . This stroller is definitely worth the money !
 When the item arrived the box was very dented and looked like it had been opened before . Luckily the product was not damaged at all and was in good condition . The stroller is very nice , and my girls 4 and 1 1/2 really enjoy being able to sit next to each other . I love the swivel wheel and it works just as well when just one child is in it . It works well on grass/dirt and I am very excited for the use I am going to get out of it . The biggest problem is that when folding it and unfolding it , the front hard plastic over the wheel and the handle get slightly scratched .
 This double jogging stroller is perfect . The swivel fron wheel is a must and makes walking or running with this stroller a dream . Both my husband and I love this stroller . The only complaints we have are the canopy or lack there of . It really needs to be larger or longer in front , to keep the sun out of my children 's eyes . Also , there is no parent console for drinks . However , the BOB Handlebar Console For Duallie Strollers fits perfectly . I highly recommend this stroller !
 I bought so many different strollers it 's crazy . When my daughter was 4 , my son 2 , figured I 'd get a new jogging stroller and that a single would be fine because it would n't be long until she was too big for a stroller anyway . So I bought the single Safari TT and loved it but she was n't ready to give up that luxury so I went back and purchased the Double Safari TT also . They are both the best stroller out there , especially for the price . The front wheel can swivel OR stay stationary -LRB- I prefered the swivel because I do n't jog
 I love this Stroller ! Myself or my husband use it 5 days a week for daily walks and/or outdoor adventures and works great . The only thing for TALL people to be aware of is the handle bar DOES NOT extend to accomidate taller people . I researched for a couple of weeks for the best stroller for what I wanted to use it for without paying high dollar for a name brand one . There was a couple of reviews on amazon and other websites that carried the same stroller and said that the handle bar adjusted to different heights . NOT TRUE !! My husband is 6 ' 3 '' and I am 5 ' 10 '' it works fine , but would be a little more comfortable if the handle bar could adjust a couple inches . So I just did not want anyone to get false information . Also amazon delivered the stroller in just a couple days , I was so impressed . Would recommend this product and amazon to friends .
 We have not yet been able to use this outside of the home , the true test will be to get it through public doorways ! Everything is great and is a nice quality stroller .
 It has worked out well for us so far . We have a 2 year old boy and a 4 year old boy . We are enjoying having the swivel wheel . It is hard to get through doors at the mall but can be done ! Now I do n't have to lift the whole stroller just to turn it ! It works very well for walks . The storage space below is not huge but ample if you use wisely . It will not fit my large purse or my large diaper bag but I put purse and diaper stuff in a backpack for the Fair and was able to fit it in there as well as other items like coats , blankets , waters . It 's just not very deep . I may need to write another review in a year to make sure all is still well !
 We purchased this jogger to replace a rather nice double stroller from Graco . We found the jogger far less bulky and easier to push up hills etc. . My kids like it and the baby fold down seat is great for naps . I wish it had a parent tray and child tray however . I feel like my kids are safe and this was a great buy !
 I bought this product for the swivel wheel and to fit two children . So far it has worked perfectly , and is very easy to push up and down hills as well as over bumpy ground . I highly reccomend .
 I realy like this product and brand when my dauter was a baby 7 years ago , I had a single stroller but used it so much that I wore it out , it was great . I miss it . I even have the trealer that goes on the back of a bike , I like that too . I am a very active mom of 5 `` yes '' 5 and I love it.No , I realy am not rich I just like them I have 1 dubble , a single & a traeler .
 This is the best stoller that I have ever owned , and I have owned LOTS of them . I can easily push two toddling children in it . We use it every single day ! I highly recommend it .
 For the most part I 'm very happy with my stroller . My 4 year old and 8 1/2 month old love to go walking/running . The ride is much smoother . The front swivel wheel is great . The only problem that I have is the canopy . It does n't provide enough shade and it does n't lie flat . It looks like the front of the canopy angles up a bit . All in all it 's good . I would recommend InStep to make a better canopy .
 This stroller is wonderful . I had a tandem stroller for my two small sons and found it very difficult to manuever . This stroller makes walking a breeze . I use it everywhere . I strongly recommend this product .
 Very good stroller for price , the models that were $ 500.00 and up were n't that much better . Easy to push . Kind of bulky to store when folded up . Received item very quickly after placing order .
 This stroller is great . Independent seat back heights allow for older and younger children to ride awake or asleep . Smooth ride.Things I 'd change : * add a hand brake or at the very least a wrist strap . * improve the sun shade - it 's totally useless .
 There really is n't anything bad I can say about this wonderful stroller . It is a bit heavy to try and get in the car , but since I really only use it to take my girls with me when I exercise , that really is n't an issue . It fits in the trunk of my 2007 Chevy Impala with plenty of room to spare , and folds up quickly and easily to store in the garage . That being said this is the best stroller I have ever used . It is so easy to push . I can keep it going with one finger while I am walking with both of my girls in it . It turns just as easily . It has the lock or swivel wheel in front which is really nice . My 3 year old is pretty tall for her age and has plenty of room and loves being able to play with her 7 month old sister while we walk . The only other thing that other people complained about is that the canopy is pretty much useless , which is true if the sun is right in front of you , but that 's an issue with any stroller . I got the Kiddopotamus Rayshade and that takes care of the problem . I did a lot of research before purchasing this stroller and this is an excellent stroller . I just ca n't say it enough ! I am so happy with it . If you are thinking about buying this do n't hesitate , it 's awesome !!
 After reading the reviews I decided to give this stroller a try ... it was everything I was looking for !!! It is awesome !! And the price is great . Much better deal on amazon than other websites !! Because my middle daughter is 4 and my younger daughter 2 , I was afraid the stroller would be too small . However , it works great even for my 4 year old . She is only 33 lbs but is tall and still fits in the stroller great . My girls love it and so do I . After using a double tandem stroller for years this stroller moves so easily and turns great . I really love it and would highly suggest it for the mom who loves to get out for a good walk . The front wheel does have a lock so you can lock it into place for jogging or unlock for walking . The colors look great !! I could n't be more pleased !!!
 I love the swivel wheel , which is the main reason why I wanted this stroller . HOWEVER Its shade is not large enough to cover the children so I had to buy a seperate shade for the stroller . An added expense to the stroller .
 I bought this stroller for my twin girls , who are almost 2 . They had out grown their front-back duo glider , so they love the side-by-side stroller . It pushes so easy and light and w / the swivel front wheel option , it is perfect for going shopping or walking . I do like that the wheel will lock in the event I do want to use it as a jogger . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the `` storage basket '' underneath is WAY under the seats and is small . I have to get on my knees to reach under there to put things in and get things out and the diaper bag will not fit because there is not enough `` height '' room between the basket and bottom of the seats . I would also like a stroller caddy to go across the top bar , a place w / a cup holder and storage for keys , phone , etc. . I do not think you can purchase one for the double stroller . Other than that , it is a great stroller and a good price . I definitely recommend it for moms that need a side-by-side stroller , but need to be able to `` cruise '' the mall or take walks , because it is easy to handle . It also folds and un-folds very easy .
 We are very happy with this stroller - especially for the price ! Even though it is not officially intended for use with the Graco Snugride infant carriers , our oldest daughter -LRB- 22 months -RRB- fits snuggly into the stroller next to our youngest -LRB- 2 months -RRB- when in the carrier . The stroller folds compactly enough that it fits into the back of our '05 Chevy Equinox and our '06 Kia Sedona , with plenty of room to spare . The recline is easy and individual to each seat , which is helpful with a young baby . We are able to easily fold and unfold for short errands in and out of the car . Only complaint is that the tires were flat upon arrival . We are happy to have this as our second double stroller !
 Got this stroller for my 2 year old and newborn daughters . I wanted to use it for a running and an all-purpose stroller . I love it!Pros
 We purchased this stroller because we have a four-year-old , a one-year-old and are expecting a baby any day now . We 've had it four a couple of months now and use it frequently . Our oldest is quite tall for his age -LRB- wears size six super-slim -RRB- and fits fine -LRB- appears he will for quite some time as there is considerable adjustment with the straps and great leg room -RRB- . I also wanted a stroller where the kids would be able to interact , not be forward/behind like most double strollers . We took it on vacation the day after it arrived -LRB- great timing , Amazon ! -RRB- and the boys were holding hands during a mild wait for dinner -- it was precious ! We have the single InStep and at first loved it , but the double is great because you do n't have to take off the front wheel to collapse it and the front wheel swivels for extra-easy driving . This thing is practically self-propelled . Straps are easy to figure out and easy to buckle or unbuckle -LRB- for the adult -RRB- . To collapse this stroller you just gently squeeze a trigger and it collapses for you ... VERY nice ! Over-all it is not as heavy -LRB- or does n't seem so -RRB- as our single InStep so managing to lift into a trunk or van is a breeze . It will go over any terrain as we 've been on trails , curbs , sandy walkways , up and down steps -LRB- backwards -RRB- etc with ease ; sure beats the umbrella-type strollers with the double wheels in front ! I use it over the single InStep even if I am walking with just one child in it as it is so much easier to handle than the single InStep ; it does not track to one side with the weight of only one child , as you might think . The roomy storage area under the unit is easy to reach and is divided for keeping baby stuff seperate from adult stuff . The price was excellent and in line with high-end single strollers.Drawbacks : `` Sun '' roof is useless but a crib flat sheet works to drape just fine ; The storage bag to velcro over the pushing handle is useless as there is no flap to cover the stuff that wants to fall out as you are walking -LRB- we bought a cheap canvas bookbag and velcroed it to the handle to remedy the problem and it works just fine -RRB- ; The cushioned seats are not easily removable to launder -LRB- like cheap car-seats are that just have elastic bands to hold the seat cushion on -- easy to launder ; expensive car seats are a pain to clean ! -RRB- ; Not a fault of the stroller , just something to bear in mind with a side-by-side unit , that if you are in a store with narrowish aisles it is rather a job to keep little hands from exploring shelves while not bumping into tight areas ; Does have some difficulty with narrow doors -LRB- like Galena IL or Wisconsin Dells main street-type businesses -RRB- ; Swivel wheel -LRB- while GREAT for driving -RRB- does not have a locking pin so when folding it might get away from you if you are not expecting it -LRB- not a slam on how simple it is to fold , however -RRB- .
 We have taken this stroller out for walks as well as to run errands and we love it . We have twin six month old boys and our tandem stroller is difficult to steer . This drives smoothly and is easy to steer even with one hand . The only location that I have had a hard time fitting it through was the checkout lane at Toys R Us . I have not had trouble with this at the grocery store or other stores . We also liked the yellow for visiblity when walking / jogging at dusk .
 I bought this stroller for my 5 month old and 2 1/2 year old . We love it . The baby can recline and our older daughter can sit up at the same time . It pushes much easier than a regular double stroller and the swivel wheel makes it easy to go for walks in town . It even makes pushing a stroller up hill easy . I would buy it all over again . It 's worth the money .
 My daughter was so excited to get this ` two seater ' stroller . We were going to Yellowstone with two small children , so we decided to buy this stroller . I researched a lot of different strollers . For the price and style this seemed to fit us best . The overhead cover is not long enough , and there is no parent cupholder . I knew this when I bought it . We have used it to go exercise . The stroller rides very smooth . We love the swival wheel option .
 While trying out a regular jogging stroller , I quickly realized that I needed one with a swivel wheel -LRB- I 'm not so much a jogger as I am a walker on rough city streets and gravelly paths -RRB- ; I looked into the more expensive brands but simply could n't swing the $ and opted for this one.I 'm super impressed with this stroller !!! It is relatively lightweight and rides smoothly . The undercarriage basket is somewhat shallow and the drawstring seat recliner is odd -LRB- I often end up with a lopsided toddler -RRB- , but I think the pros far outweigh those two little issues , especially with regard to how much money I saved :-RRB- I 'd recommend this stroller to everyone !
 After much reviewing on double strollers I opted for a jogger since I had the front and back stroller with my 5 yr old and 2 yr old . She was 3 and he was a newborn and it was not so comfy for the 2 of them . I got rid of everything since I thought we were done having kids . when baby 3 came I was sure I did n't want the double stroller that I had last time.My oldest son is 2.5 and my youngest son is 2 months . I put them in the stroller and go around the nieghborhood . And I must say that the swivel wheel makes all the difference . Its great in the neighborhood and its great in the mall . Its kinda bulky though ... it does n't fit to well in my trunk and I have a Ford Escape . I got the kiddopatumas sun shade too cuz the shade it comes with is n't that great . When I opened it a part was missing so I called customer service for instep and they were WONDERFUL ! When the part came I realized that I had told them the wrong part and when I called them to fix it . . it smoothly and easily . I LOVE THIS STROLLER ! and I highly recommend it .
 We recently purchased this to replace our old Greco double stroller . We have a 10 month old and a 3 year old . The three year old is very tall and was growing out of the other stroller . We love this stroller . One of our best puchases . The girls love sitting next to each other rather then in front and they both fit very comfortably.The stroller is easy to use . The front wheel locks with one lever . It folds so easly . I was not sue I could get it in my car , Sonata , but I just take the wheels off and It fits perfevtly ! The wheels come off and go on vey easy . The only complaints are there is no cup holder , parents and children , and the sun shade is too small it does n't block the sun.We purchased the additional parents cupholder carrier and are going to purchase the add on to the sun shade . Over all our family loves this stroller .
 I 've had this stroller for almost 2 years . It 's great . I use it for streets and during my stroller class where it 's a walk/jog situation . It glides and makes walking fun with your children . I 've switched strollers with other moms who ca n't believe how great it is . You ca n't beat it for the price . I have friends who have bought the expensive ones and I do n't regret my decision . The swivel wheel is fabo!The down side - I wish the canopy was larger . It does n't sheild the children from the elements very well . A cup holder for mom and kiddos would be great . I bought one that goes to a bob 's double stroller and it works well.It can tip over if the children decide to stand and lean backwards .
 I originally had the single version of this stroller and loved it , so when our family grew we upgraded to the double . My biggest question before ordering it was if it would fit in the trunk of my Toyota Corolla . I am happy to report that it does . With maneuvering I would be able to get it in with the rear tires on , but they detach so easily that I just take them off and slide the stroller in very quickly . There 's even room left over for a few bags of groceries .
 I 've only had the stroller for a little over a month , but I am extremely satisfied with it . It maneuvers well over rough terrain and the swivel front wheel makes it easy to push . It 's so nice to be able to take both of my kids for a walk without having to leave one behind . The only drawback is it 's size . It 's difficult to take into stores because it 's so wide . However , it will be great to take camping and for all of our outdoor activities .
 Firstly , I 'll say that I 'm a stroller fanatic ... I 've got 2 small children and we have had over 7 strollers in the past 2 years . I have top brands like Bugaboo . This In-Step stroller is by far the easiest , most practical stroller of all . With it 's swivel wheel , I can manuver through crowded shopping malls and street fairs as well as run without feeling like I 'm pushing a transfer truck . For the money , it 's pretty unbelievable that you can get such a great product when most double joggers are over $ 250 . I do n't know why I waited so long to purchase this wonderful product . I love it !
 We bought this stroller not only for jogging but also to use at places like Disneyland . The swivel wheel makes this stroller the easiest thing to steer and our kids love it . Our kids our three and one , both fit in the stroller comfortably . The only draw back to the stroller is it does not have a cup holder for the parents .
 This is a really lovely stroller the only BUT I have is the canopy ! It 's very frustrating for the babies with the sun in their eyes and there is really nothing you can do with this canopy to prevent this . They really need to put a more retractable one on it ... . the front wheel wobbled just after a week but all you do is remove the front triangle shaped black part -LRB- the foot rest for the babies -RRB- and tighten a nut underneath and thankfully I havent had the problem since but the main problem is the canopy ! Did they not know this when making the stroller ?????? I would really like to hear what other people have to say . !
 This product is great for a little one and an older one ! Very easy to steer but needs lots of add ons for cups , bags , etc. . Love the color choices .
 I have had this stroller about a year . Its movement is really smooth and easy to turn . I am so happy I got the swival front wheel that can also be locked . Before I had my second son , I had the same version in the single , without the swival wheel . I could only use it for jogging because it was such a pain to turn . There is only one major problem with this stroller . The sun shade does n't extend out far enough to block the sun . My 10 month old is always screaming because the sun is in his eyes & I worry about them getting too much sun . I tried to put a blanket over the top but I had to keep stopping to replace it because both boys thought it was funny to pull it down . I thought maybe they made an extension for it but ca n't find one online . Other than that it is a really great stroller .
 We 've looked for a long time for a quality double job stroller for a decent price and this one was a GREAT choice . It glides smoothly and my 3 month old and 2.5 year old love it ! They sit comfortably and are able to look around while we walk . I have to walk 2 dogs -LRB- including a 70lb boxer ! -RRB- while I push the stroller and its worked great so far .
 I am very pleased with this product . it is our only stroller , we use it for our baby twins but when we 've been outside for a long time and our 2 year old son is tired we let him on one of his brother places , while the baby is carried in a baby carrier . And he takes a long nap in it!unfortunatelly it does n't pass throught the old wooden doors in the subway -LRB- brooklyn -RRB- . it is aprox . an inch larger . so ... don , t buy it if you do n't owe a car . otherwise ... it 's perfect , unexpensive , sturdy ...
 I 've had this stroller for about a month and it 's really nice . I wish the canopy was larger for more sun protection coverage . It just barely provides shade and this is only when the sun is above the stroller . It is n't effective when the sun shines into the stroller . I keep looking for a good sun protection accessory -LRB- that actually works -RRB- , but have n't been successful . Would like to see InStep offer an additional sun protection solution.I do really like the stroller . I could n't see buying a more expensive stroller instead with the hopes that the shade/sun canopy was better . That 's a pricey risk !
 The reason I bought this stroller was to be able to run whenever I felt like it . I have a 14 month old and a husband that works and runs himself , and I was tired of asking for a sitter to be able to go and run . I think the stroller is perfect for what it was meant for . However , we will not be able to take this stroller on a trip or anything because as of right now our vehicles are cars and it will not fit unless we take the wheels off and at that point I find it pointless . The wheel in the front is also a little wobbely when you do n't have it locked which is a little annoying but other than that I really like it and it does the job I bought it for .
 Other than the folo-up lock mechanism , the product is pretty good . I would prefer a better reclining mechanism however .
 This is a great stroller . I do run into issues with store aisles , but I have also run into those issue with our front-to-back stroller as well.Great value , great stroller .
 it is amazing how great this is ... very easy to push and my kids love it too !
 This is the third buggy we have purchased for our twins so we already know a little about what we want and do n't want in a buggy . I must say that this lives up to expectations ; we 've already been for walks on dirt roads , grass and sand and the buggy stands up to all three . It works very well for the environment we live in but the only negative I guess would be that it is very wide . We knew this when we bought it so it was n't much of a surprise when it would n't fit through most shop doorways . I would suggest that if you want a buggy for a purely urban lifestyle , you buy a stroller . For everything else , this buggy works fantastically well . The seat padding is the best we 've had yet and the seats themselves are very spacious . They could do with being brought to a more upright position but this is not a major problem as our twins simply use the grab bar to lean forward . The wheels really are very easy to remove -LRB- we have to do this in order to fit it in our boot -RRB- . Overall we are very pleased with the product and more than satisfied with the supplier -LRB- Amazon -RRB- who delivered ahead of schedule - we could n't have asked for more .
 I was looking to spend some money on a worthy twin jogging stroller . I read the reviews and am very happy that I purchased this one . I agree with the con that the children can not sit up in this stroller . But I figure , if I 'm jogging or walking briskly they would rather ` relax ' and lay back a bit to enjoy the ride . It is unbelieveably easy to push and turn . I can do it with one finger ! I did purchase the extended canopy and am debating the snack bar that goes in front of them . I highly recommend this product and am extremely pleased to own it !
 After hours of searching for the right stroller , it only took me a few minutes after finding Instep and talking to their excellent customer service to know that I had found the perfect one for my family ! We were so excited once it arrived , little assembly was required and we were on our way . Transporting it is effortless because it folds easily and fits right in the trunk . I use it everyday whether at the mall , walking around the block or jogging . My children are very comfortable and love the smooth ride ! It 's a very attractive stroller and I get compliments from people all the time . It was worth every dollar spent and we will use it for years to come . It also provides peace of mind to know that if we ever did have a problem or more questions , Instep will be there to give us superior customer service !!
 We have this one and the single version and they are great strollers .
 I love it ! It is great for cruising the mall , the kids look very comfortable , very nice look , great price -LRB- I paid a total of $ 159.00 with free shipping at Amazon -RRB- . I did n't give the 5 stars because I would love to have the parents tray so I can put my drink , keys , but there is a pouch that can be used for that . Also , found out that you can buy a soft parent tray at the InStep website if you prefer for around $ 20.00 .
 Love this stroller !!! I was actually able to put it together by myself while my husband was at work . Instructions were very straightforward and easy to understand.Works like a dream . Great color . Kids love it.Amazon was fast and the best price on the web -LRB- as usual -RRB- .
 First , this is probably not for the serious jogger.Pros : Affordable double jogger with swivel wheelFolds up small enough to fit into the trunk of my Toyota Corolla with room for groceries to spare.Beautiful colorFolds relatively easilyCons : Swivel wheel vibrates heavily when moving rapidly -LRB- not even jogging -RRB- . If you 're going relatively straight , lock it!Doesn ' t fit through all single doors . I had a crisis day when I learned it would n't fit through my post office door carrying my 7 month twins.Seats recline a ton
 This stroller is the best !! I purchased it for my daughter who had a second baby on the way . She had a single jogger stroller for her first child and loved it . So when I saw this one I jumped at it !! One of the best moves I 've ever made . Easy handling , excellent folding ability , lots of storage spaces . Her older son loves it ... he can watch his new baby sister sitting next to him .
 This stroller is light and easy to push . It turns on a dime even when the front wheel is in the locked position . The seats recline easily and the hood has a clear pane in it so you can see your children when the hood is deployed . I like this stroller much better than my more expensive Zooper single stroller . Most importantly , my children like it , too ! However , the lack of adequate sun screen as well as the difficulty getting things in and out of the basket underneath the stroller is why I did n't give it a 5-star rating .
 While the stroller itself is good quality , easy to put together , there are just a couple things that would be nice , the shade does n't cover anything , and my two year olds head hangs over the top but he does n't seem to notice , I wish it had a parent tray , but I guess you can buy those seperatly . but it does push really nice , I keep the front wheel locked b/c it shakes if you are going on a fast walk . and the colors are really cute , lots of compliments , the bottom holder is really small so as long as you are n't planning to pack a lot it is good , all in all it is a good stroller for the price.adding to my first review , afer having it for a while , I still like it , however the front wheel fell right of in the middle of a walk , we barley hit a bump . I was able to shove it back on even though the metal was bent .
 And by solid I do mean solid . This is a heavy stroller . I do n't have a problem moving it in and out of our van -LRB- not too bad for my tall wife -RRB- but for some people it could be tricky.Many have mentioned the ineffectual sunshade . I agree . We bought a flexible shade that works fairly well if there is minimal wind.This is a cost-effective choice . For the money it is a great value . There is decent storage underneath , and I found the strapped-on cupholder on the handle adequate for our needs . It is not the `` tray '' described in the literature.The wheels are sturdy . I was glad to have actual tires . This makes for a nice ride for the kids -LRB- 1 & almost 3 -RRB- who have never seemed uncomfortable.It would be nice to have some kind of cover for the shoulder and leg straps . We used receiving blankets when my daughter was smaller.We took it to the beach last Saturday and it was great on the sand . When the kids wanted to walk it held all the gear , a plus for a hot day.I recommend it highly . The 4 star is for the weight and sunshade . The value more than compensates , but the product itself is still 4 stars .
 I love my new jogging stroller ! It 's very easy to steer and push . I only wish the canopy would protect the kids more . Overall great product for the price .
 I was happy to find a good deal here for a double jogger stroller . I do not jog with ours but we used our older version for busch gardens , walks , disney etc and hated that the wheel didnt swivel in the front , so I am very HAPPy to have a front wheel that swivels . its sorta heavier than our older one and i so wish they had a better parent tray type thing or areas for larger cups and things and a bigger shade for the kiddos . But besides that my tall five year old and four year old sons love it and did well in it on our first outing recently . I did order the BOB parent tray thing to use for it and it does help some ... i did like someone here recommended and put the other one down there for the boys to put their cups but their cups were too large and spilled over so maybe smaller cups would work i dont know ... my dh is tall and didnt mind it was a lower handle he was also happy about the front swivel wheel ! I like the bar too because makes it a little more difficult for them to jump out hehe since they are long legged which helps us but you can take it off if wanted as well so it does remove ... I was glad to see the reviews here to help with things to order extra for it and the part about it closes better without using the clip for closure for fitting in the trunk ... i do wish all the colors were marked down and not sure where there was one for 150something as it says prices started at as i didnt see any that price but for 160ish we thought it was a good deal !
 I am a mother of a two year old and a 6 month old and have never owned a jogger before . I love it ! It it rides so smoothly and my kids love it . It is so easy to push and steer . There is plenty of storage in the basket . The only thing I would do to change it is have a better canopy -- it does not provide much shade for the kids at all . The other thing I love it that the seats recline-independently so my 6 month can lay back and my 2 year old can sit up . It does n't go up to a 90 degree angle but my other graco single stroller did n't either and it is n't a big deal with my son-he just holds the grab bar if he wants to sit up more . Overall -- awesome product and recommend to anyone .
 this stroller is working out well for us . it is nice to have the front wheel swivel when you are just using it at the park , and you can lock it for jogging . My 3yr old is a little tall for it , but she can still use it and should be able to for ar least another year without too much trouble .
 This is a great jogging stroller and it is just as good as the BOB or other expensive jogging strollers . Maybe the only difference is it does n't fold as easy , but if you mostly keep it at home it is not a problem at all . However it folds just fine for small trips . I love it and would highly recommend !!
 This is a great stroller if you 're looking for a reasonably priced jogging stroller . I love the swivel front wheel , the handy sack you attach for drinks , phone , keys . The only drawback is that it does n't have room for storage or their toys and it does n't provide shade . Overall , I would recommend this stroller .
 I absolutely love this stroller for jogging , it is easy to maneuver and lightweight to push . However , going around town I was disappointed because I was unable to get through a single door by maybe an inch-very annoying . Also , it 's kind of on the heavy bulky side and takes up the entire back of my SUV . As far as jogging with it is an awesome stroller that 's why I gave it a four because that is the main reason for purchasing this one . For around the town though I am going to buy an inline stroller to fit in smaller areas -LRB- shopping aisles , single doors -RRB- .
 Bought this for our son and family . They report that it is amply roomy for their 3 year old and 1.5 year old daughters . Son likes to take the girls along for a jog . They 're very happy with the stroller .
 Bought this for my grandchildren . So far so good ! They 've had it for 3 weeks now and no problems reported . Would 've been nice to have a full console for parents ... but for the price , was willing to sacrifice that luxury .
 Bought this stroller for a good price here @ Amazon.com last week , and received it 2 days later , thanks for the Prime membership!In the picture , Rose/Khaki looks RED , but in person , it looks very PINK!Bought the stroller for my 4 months old twins , a boy and a girl . Now my boy just got to sit in this pink stroller with his sister ... Stroller itself is very well constructed . Easy to assemble , and was ready to go within 5 minutes . One thing I do n't like about this stroller is the buckle ... It is hard to press thus makes releasing the safety belt harder.Swivel front wheel is great ! Very smooth turning , and when in need , you can always lock it to fixed -LRB- it wo n't turn -RRB- . Front grab bar was zip tight below the stroller , so be sure to find it there ...
 I am in love with this stroller !!! As a parent of 10 month old twin boys , this stroller is FABULOUS !! I was looking for something that would withstand the bumpy roads around here in Alaska -LRB- my driveway is a mile long dirt road , putholes and all -RRB- and this stroller is manouvering on it like the best ! I do n't even have to lock the front wheel -LRB- i think I can if i wanted to -RRB- like some people suggest to do when going over rough terrain with a stroller . The boys seem to be comfortable in it too . I was pleased to see it came with a bug net -LRB- many misquitos here ! -RRB- and a little cupholder bag for mom . Unfortuntaley it does not have any cupholder or any sort of holder for the boys to put anything in , but I can most certainly live with that . I did buy a raincover for it -LRB- I believe it is a Graco brand for double strollers , and it fits perfectly -RRB- . I love the harnass system , I feel that my boys -LRB- who are super squirmy -RRB- are very safe in it ... the little peekhole on top of the canopy is ideal to keep an eye on them , and the seats recline easily for when they fall asleep . The stroller is easily folded and does n't take up more room than my single Graco stroller for my daughter . Overal ... a GREAT stroller for an AWESOME and AFFORDABLE price !!
 Love the stroller . It moves with ease , is tough & durable . We get compliments on it ALL THE TIME ! COmfortable for my 3 year old and my 6 month old . One improvement that could be made is a larger roof to help keep out the sun .
 I had the Instep double suburban safari -LRB- last year 's model -RRB- , but the front wheel wobbled terribly and would get looser and looser as I walked with it . Instep replaced that one with this newer model . I began to have the same wheel wobbling problem with this new stroller ; however , my husband removed the footrest and was able to easily tighten the nut holding the front wheel on . And voila , everything worked well , no more wobbling . That was a few months ago , and the wobbling problem has not recurred . I wanted this stroller for long walks -LRB- 3-4 miles -RRB- but not for jogging . It is lower and a few inches narrower than last year 's model , which makes it even better for me because now i can go through narrower doorways . It is a great stroller . And it is compact enough when the back wheels are removed -LRB- they can be removed and replaced with ease -RRB- that it fits in the trunk of my 2002 Prius . There were some other comments about children 's height -LRB- mine have no problems since they are only 6 months old -RRB- , but everyone should note that the manual says that the maximum height is 38 '' . I think this stroller will last me a good long time , until my babies are at least 3 . So it is a great buy .
 I recently bought this item in preowned excellent condition . I have a Jeep single jogging stroller that I love , and was excited to find this one , which had a similiar front swivel wheel . The colors -LRB- brown w / orange and aqua accents -RRB- are appealing , much more so than other jogging strollers out there . I will say upfront , that I do n't plan on jogging/running with this stroller , rather walking around the neighborhood , and other outdoor activities -LRB- like our upcoming Disney World trip -RRB- . My kids are almost 4 and almost 2 years , both of average size for their age . My 4 year old 's head is a little close to the top , but he fits just fine otherwise . I have n't experienced an issue with my kids leaning inwards into eachother like some of the other reviews mention . My kids actually like being side by side since they are used to being one in front of the other in our day to day double stroller . I 'm pretty happy with this stroller , especially since I paid 1/2 the retail price since I purchased a pre-owned . It folds up pretty easily , I like that the front wheel can be locked -LRB- needed if ever going up or down steps -RRB- , and it seems sturdy enough . I 'm sure a BOB is much higher quality , but I did n't even consider spending that kind of money b/c I 'm not sure how often I 'll actually use this stroller . It 's definitely NOT an everyday type of stroller ! You will be disappointed if that 's your intent . In my opinion , it 's great for outdoor , or even in large indoor spaces , but beware - it 's difficult to manuver through tight aisles/displays often found at smaller stores.Faults :1 . The storage underneath is pretty useless since you can hardly access it -LRB- unless you literally bend all the way over to try to fish for whatever it is you need .2 . No parent cup holders ! 3 . No child trays/cup holders4 . Quite wide , it does fit through my front door -LRB- yay ! -RRB- but it 's a really tight fit with some store doors .5 . Sun canopy is pointless , as it hardly covers the childrens ' heads .
 This stroller is a life saver . I can actually enjoy shopping now with my 3 and 1 year old without them trying to climb out of the shopping cart . They are both strapped in and can lay back and nap or sit up and enjoy the ride.I wish it had some sort of cup holder for myself but the ride is exceptionally smoothe for the riders and myself . The only downfall , it is a little heavy and awkward lifting it into the back of my van , but what can you expect for a double stroller . All in all I would highly recommend this stroller to anyone .
 This stroller is easy to push , collapse , and set up , but the sun shade is really bad . It doesnt nearly shade any sun in any of the seats positions .
 Compared to the Sit-n-Stand stroller we were using , this stroller has worked great for us . We walk every night and the sit-n-stand was just not durable enough to cover bumpy sidewalks . We have a tall 2 1/2 year old and a 4 month old . It is an extremely smooth ride , very easy to maneuver , and feels very light to push . The swivel wheel is great and makes maneuvering that much easier . Our 4 month old can sleep almost the entire walk without being jolted awake after running over a crack in the sidewalk.The 2 1/2 year old sits up and just holds the safety bar because the seat does not come up very far . The sun shade is pretty much useless . We have been using a blanket to cover up the baby and that works ok until the wind blows it off . We will probably end up buying the Kiddopotamus Shade and hope it works . -LSB- We did the buy the Kiddopotamus shade . Works well , but flies up at the hint of a breeze . We only walk with it , so it works well for us . ~ $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . -RSB- The soft parent console is not very sturdy . I would not trust a water bottle in it . We bought a cup attachment and that works fairly well . -LRB- Just bought the BOB parent tray - works great . -RRB- There is no place for the kids to put a cup or snack -LSB- moved the previously purchased cup holder to the safety bar , 2 1/2 year old loves it -RSB- ... we will probably purchase some sort of attachment for that.To sum up , we are very happy with the stroller and the price we paid , but will probably end up spending $ -LSB- ... -RSB- - $ -LSB- ... -RSB- more to make if functional for us .
 OMG ! I LOVE this stroller ! I am walking about 7 miles each day sometimes more and I have been using a tandum stroller . It was killing me trying to push my 4 yr old and 2 yr old in that thing ! Just got my new Safari Double Jogger today and OMG it is a DREAM !!!!! So much easier to handle ... turns on a dime and is well worth the money ! MY kids do n't want to get out of it ! LOL The seats are adjustable and my kids seem quite comfortable . It comes with a little parent cup/key/cell phone type holder that attaches to the stroller which is perfect for what I need when we go for our walks . The storage baskets are roomy but under the stroller so they are a little hard to get into but that is no drawback for me . The only thing I am a little uneasy with is the weight of the stroller . I have a suv so it is a little heavy trying to lift it up into my 4-runner without scratching it on the bumper and I also have to take off the one back wheel to get it to sit more steady . It is just sorta hard to grasp onto to lift but it is an awesome stroller which I would tell anyone looking to buy ! I expected it would be a little heavier than what I am used to but I think the more I use it the easier it will be to lift and handle . I LOVE it ! So pleased !!!! The colors are also very striking and it is a very sharp looking stroller !
 I love this stroller . I 'm sure my 4-year-old got tired of hearing me talking about all the things I loved while we were walking . It is SO easy to push and turns on a dime . It fits through doorways , though you have aim well or you 'll hit a wheel . I have a 4-year-old and an 8-month-old , and they love it . When we first put it together our 4-year-old got in and did n't want to get out . And now our 8-month-old falls asleep every morning when we walk . It 's wonderful !!! It does have a little soft-sided parent `` console '' that actually works very well for me . It has a little pocket for my cell phone and 2 big compartments for water or whatever .
 I 've now had this stroller for over 2 years and it is still as great as day 1 ! I have a 3 1/2 year old and a 2 year old and they both fit perfect in there for walks each day . Even though my son is over 3 years old he still fits in perfectly and I know I should probably get him to walk instead and just have a single stroller , but my kids are so much more controllable sitting in the stroller . The only problems i 've had are that the material on one of the seams has come undone and fallen apart , due to my daughter pushing it with her feet getting in and out , but after 2 years I do n't expect it to look brand new ... and it does n't effect it 's use . Also I need to have the tires inflated at least every 3 months ... or the stroller gets harder to push ... after I top up the tires it glides with just one finger ! I still get mothers coming up to me asking if they could try the stroller out because it looked so easy ... which it is . This is a very well built stroller , 2 years worth and used every day since I do n't own a car , it has been left out in the rain a few times by accident , it 's been through sand and dirt and other than the small rip you would think it is still fairly new . To anyone considering a double stroller I only have one word of advice ... please get the SWIVEL wheel strollers , as they are much more easier to turn , I tested both and this stroller with the swivel wheel is a dream to turn corners .
 we love this stroller . Our 2 boys 4 and 1 love it too . Sooo easy to manuever . I have been through so many strollers . Wish I would have found this sooner . Great price too .
 After reading the reviews I decided to give this stroller a try ... it was everything I was looking for !!! It is awesome !! And the price is great . Much better deal on amazon than other websites !! Because my middle daughter is 4 and my younger daughter 2 , I was afraid the stroller would be too small . However , it works great even for my 4 year old . She is only 33 lbs but is tall and still fits in the stroller great . My girls love it and so do I . After using a double tandem stroller for years this stroller moves so easily and turns great . I really love it and would highly suggest it for the mom who loves to get out for a good walk . The front wheel does have a lock so you can lock it into place for jogging or unlock for walking . The colors look great !! I could n't be more pleased !!!
 I bought this double stroller for my grand children . After much research and comparison , interviewing many `` lucky '' parents on the streets of several cities ... I came to the conclusion that this stroller is what we need.I actually exported it overseas to Jerusalem . My daughter in law walks a lot with the children and this stroller is a `` dream come true '' . Very easy to push , easy to fold and easy to erect . The children 1.5 yrs and 1 month old are comfortable in it and we are looking for years of excellent service .
 I received this stroller -LRB- yellow/gray/black version -RRB- for my birthday last year . I have used it every single day for the past year , rain and shine . It has traveled at least 3 miles a day -LRB- on a slow day -RRB- walking my children to school and various activities throughout the four seasons . It has held up beautifully . It looks like I just bought it . I am 5 ' 11 '' and my husband is 5 ' 11 '' too and there has never been a problem with the height of the handlebar . My middle son loves to climb over the kid 's bar to get in and my youngest son loves to sit back and relax . The slight recline of the seats have never been a problem . We have washed the seat pads several times and line dried them and they still look great . In the summer , we threw a light blanket over the shade and the bar for sun protection and we have a `` Protect A Bub '' Rain cover that works fabulous for the constant rain of the Northwest . The stroller and rain cover even work well in the occasional snow storm.I live in an apartment and must go up and down stairs every trip . We also must fold the stroller up after each trip . I have never had any problem with it being hard to fold or going up or down stairs . I have taken it on the transit system , folded up of course . It fits into the trunk of my older Toyota Corolla with minimal effort . The soft parent console works for carrying a water bottle , wallet and keys . Everything fits into the basket underneath.We do everything in this stroller ; from grocery shopping and going to the park to jogging -LRB- just lock the front wheel -RRB- . This is a great stroller for a great price .
 I love , love , love this stroller . It turns on a dime . Great for city and trail walking . Kids seem comfortable . My four 1/2 yr old still sits in it and does n't complain.It is very heavy , but I do n't transport it very often .
 I bought this item for my two grandkids that I watch every day . When the stroller arrived , I had to assemble it . Being a widow , I thought that I would be challenged . However , it turned out that I was able to finish assembling in less than 30 minutes . -LRB- HINT
 This stroller is AMAZING !!! My twins love it !!! And so does my four-year old . It is so ... easy to handle and the girls love being next to each other instead of one in front of the other . It is large enough for the girls and when necessary I put my four-year old in with them or he sits on the front . AND its still very easy to push . It folds up easily . A bit on the large side but not heavy . I would never recommend the tandem stroller to anyone after this . Front tire can be locked for jogging and unlocked for shopping . Stroller easily fits through store doors.Simply this is an AWSOME stroller !!!
 I had a double Peg Pergo stroller before this one for my twins . It was very difficult to push once they were over 20 pounds each . This stroller is so easy to push and has good control .
 I recently purchased the In Step Safari double stroller and we LOVE it . My twins are only 3 mos old but they fit comfortably in the stroller -LRB- as does my four-year old ! -RRB- and enjoy every minute of walking , jogging and just hanging around . It is so lightweight and easy to manuever that I can lieterally push it with my fingertip ! My only frustration is that the shade does not really provide shade , although I hear none of the strollers really do ! . Otherwise , I would highly recommend it .
 I read the reviews of several before purchasing this particular stroller . After having this stroller for over a month , I love it . It 's very light to pick up , easy to fold and lift and very easy to push and steer . I have not had to use the swivel wheel as of yet . The storage underneath is handy and it has pocket on the back . The pocket does not hold heavy items and there is no place for a drink holder . My kids are almost 3 years old and they do not seem to mind that there is not a cup or snack holder . They enjoy riding in it because they get to sit side by side and they also like the canopy . I guess my only complaint would be not having an adult cup holder but I already knew that when I bought it . This stroller was in my price range and I am not disappointed with this purchase at all .
 I love this jogger I do n't know what I ever did with out it - would recommend to anyone
 After doing much research , my wife and I decided on this stroller . My wife uses it alot for taking our two kids -LRB- 3 and 2 -RRB- running/walking around the neighborhood , but the flexibility to unlock the front wheel makes it very practicle while out shopping or sightseeing . I thought it would be too big to get around with , but the pivoting front wheel makes it very mobile . The stroller is very light weight and fairly compact when folded which is VERY easy to do . Great storage is a plus as well . I guess we ca n't say enough good things about this stroller , if you get it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I have had this jogger for about 3months and let me tell you it is wonderful ! I have two little ones , one is 2 and the other is 7months . The best features are the swivel front wheel and the ease of pushing and manuevering the stroller . I have really enjoyed it and used it both in the mall just browsing and outside in gravel/dirt while jogging . It is great for both ! There are only a couple small reasons why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . It does n't have a parent tray or cup holder-however you can purchase one that works great for about $ 15 - $ 20 . The sunshade that is provided is not adequate-once again you can purchase one for about $ 25 - $ 35 . It does n't have a tray for the kids to put their snacks or drinks - but ... it seems that both of my little ones prefer it that way they like to use the bar across the front as a foot rest instead!It 's heavy to lift-but ... after lifting the kids all day it does n't really bother me!So overall I would recommend this stroller to any active parent who needs a good , reliable , easy to handle stroller ! I love it !
 First , I want to thank you for the reviews that people post for this product . It helped me to choose the perfect stroller for my two sons -LRB- 1 yr & 2 1/2 yrs old . The stroller is smooth , steady , and easy to manouvre around . An option of the swivel front wheel is ` the best ' part because , it 's easy for quick turns . The only problem I have is , the shade does not serve its purpose when we are facing the sun . I have to hang an extra blanket on the shade to keep them away from the sun . Beside that , this stroller is making me a happier mom on the block !!
 I recently bought this stroller to take long walks through town - which has very uneven sidewalks at spots - and it has proven to be a wonderful product . The only complaint is it doesnt have a brake bar across the back making it a little difficult to use the brake . I contacted the manufacturer and they say that this model doesnt come with a brake bar . Nonetheless , it is still a great product !
 I bought this stroller about a month ago , and I just love it . I have a 3 1/2 year old and a 1 1/2 year old . I wanted a stroller for walks , zoos , parks , the mall , etc. . I have the Jeep double stroller and it is a nightmare -- very difficult to push , much too long , awkward ... So I really wanted something that would be easy to manuever.This stroller is great for my needs . I can even push it with one hand . It moves beautifully over smooth sidewalks and bumpy ones , too . The seats are more upright than I thought -- most reviews complain about how far back they are reclined . I have not found this to be an issue . My kids love the stroller so far . The front swivel wheel is the best.The negatives I 've found are
 I bought this stroller for my 3 month old and my 17 month old . . I love it . . it pushes so easy I can do it with one hand ... I only gave it a 4 because like other posters said , the canopy is really lacking . . you might as well not have it on there . . Also . . the instructions were not so great . . they had diagrams that were n't included , and the pictures were all really dark . . and some of it was just plain confusing to read ... luckily , it was pretty easy to put together anyway ... But I use it almost ever day ... I have an Impala and can not get it to fit into my trunk , so that was a little dissappointing as well . . But over all I am SOOO glad I bought it ...
 I 'm very happy with this stroller . I was afraid to get a jogger b/c they 're expensive , but this one is very reasonable & well reviewed . NOW , I 'm hooked ! It 's so easy to push and steer ... walking or jogging . I do n't ever want to use my double duo-glide again . That thing is a tank compared to this . We have a 3 1/2 year old and 1 1/2 year old ... we take a daily walk ... even with our 85 pound dog on his leash ... we live in a VERY hilly neighborhood and this is SO light to push , I can usually use one hand.BUY IT !!!
 We purchased the train bank as a gift for our nephew and we simply love it ! It looks great on his bookshelf and it is something that he will have for years to come . The quality is good , I would recommend to anyone !
 I purchased this bank as a ring bearer gift for my wedding . It is almost exactly like the one sold at Things Remembered except for some minor details . The back of the train is not sleek and shiny like the one at Things Remembered and the price is about half as much . I did go there though to have it inscribed . It turned out lovely and well worth it . If you have someone who loves trains and are looking for a simple gift I highly recommend it .
 I am very pleased with the purchase of the Silver Plated Train banks that I purchased . The train bank is of excellent quality and the service was much quicker than I expected . Overall it was a terrific experience and would not hesitate purchasing from them in the future .
 I like to coordinate my handbags with my outfits so having just one diaper bag was n't a good option for me . That 's when I learned of the Diapees and Wipees . They 're stylish diaper and travel wipe satchels that can be tossed into your stroller , purse , or car seat pocket without the hassle of carrying a huge diaper bag . I love how these satchels come in a variety of patterns and colors too ! FLAIR ! They 're functional too because your baby diapers will stay flat and clean until use - rather than being smashed out of shape at the bottom of a bag . My only gripe would be that the material is a little thinner than I expected - but I imagine this is so it minimizes space when traveling . Happy trails !
 I bought this for my wife as a spur of the moment purchase . It took a week or two to get around to it . She said that she is very happy rated it 4 to 4.5 out of 5 .
 Only attachment that is soft and durable . Love it !! This is a must have for your eroscillator . It seems to be waterproof since it does ` nt squish out water when washed .
 The Eroscillator is an expensive but very effective and pleasant sex aid . This soft touch attachment is the prefered tip based on my modest set of users . You 've got to go with success .
 The title pretty much says it all . You have to really use this as part of a potty training program or you are going to blow through them really quick since they are n't as absorbent as a real diaper . On the other hand , they seem to be more comfortable and preferred for my toddler.They are pricey for what they are , but I use the Subscribe and Save feature which helps on cost .
 We got this gift for our daughter-in-law who researches just just she wants very carefully . We do not know whether this bag will survive the second child , due in July . Perhaps you need to check back with me about the durability of this item .
 Great diaper bag - roomy , easy-to-clean , very sturdy , with lots of individual compartments to organize its contents - all in a relatively compact package . PLUS - I 've gotten so many compliments on the incredibly cool appearance of this bag ... no bunnies , no froo-froo ... my husband does n't mind carrying it -LRB- a MAJOR plus -RRB- .
 Some problems with shipping - we originally received the wrong product and had to send it back and wait for a new one . All in all it took about a month until we finally got the changing table we ordered . However , we absolutely love the table -LRB- a little trouble with the drawer making scraping noises -RRB- . It looks great with the Da Vinci black convertible crib we bought and it holds quite a bit of stuff .
 I was looking for a changing table that was sturdy and would n't break the bank . This was easy to put together and very sturdy for my squirmy 11 month old boy . It comes with a changing pad -LRB- thin - but it serves it 's purpose -RRB- . They do n't spend much time there anyway . I do n't like that the screws show on the outside of the unit so I might paint them . Good product for the price .
 This is a good changing table-sturdy , high enough that you do n't have to bend over while changing a diaper - which becomes very important after the first week or so , and long enough that the average sized baby wo n't out grow for a while . We only gave it 4 stars because the front panel above the drawer is n't all that sturdy and the shelves are sort of flimsy . Overall it does the trick ... . or did for 1 year with our super tall baby , but it will work for # 2 assuming he or she is n't quite so tall .
 This changing table turned out to be more beautiful than I had anticipated . It 's very stunning and durable and the drawer in the front is so deep and handy . I love it and recommend it 100 % .
 It 's the only booster seat that I feel comfortable bringing to someone else 's house . It wo n't scratch the furniture . I use it for my 20 month old and my 5 year old . They both love their seat and want to take it with them when we go on visits . They do n't want to sit in those plastic , awkward booster seats . My favorite part about this seat is that it cleans like a breeze - no more trying to get into those impossible crevices , holes and folds . Plus they have beautiful color options , kids ca n't catch their fingers into a `` snapping/folding thing '' and you do n't have to wrestle with a `` snapping/folding thing '' . My daughter even used hers to watch TV when she was visiting her grandparents .
 Quick facts
 Got this when my daughter was 22 months . She did great in it until she decided that standing up at the table was fun . No straps to hold her in , so back to the `` baby '' seat . Most kids will do great in this . It is sooo easy to clean and move from chair to chair and to travel with . The side walls keep kids safe from falling out ... -LRB- unless they stand up in it -RRB- We 're hoping to get it out again soon for another trial
 this works exactly as advertised ... works well , does not slip on our chair and our daughter enjoys sitting in it comfortably . Worth the money .
 This seat is such a cute shade of pink . I actually got it for my 8 year old so she would be in a better position at the table . Now her school work looks better and she feels a little more part of things at meal times . My toddler has one as well and loves it . This is really a great product !
 This booster seat has been a hit with both my granddaughter and her parents . It is safe , stable and well made . I highly recommend it !
 Loved this seat so much , I am having to buy another for my second child because my older one wo n't give his up ... It does n't scratch the furnature , stays in place when used but is easy to change from chair to chair when needed . Do n't waste your money on any other brand ... this is the one to get .
 My daughter and I love this seat . She sits up high enough so she does n't spill when she eats and it grips the chair really well so she does n't slide around . It is so comfortable and cute ! We have a tall table and she is 6 years old and she will be using it for years to come .
 Very nice booster . My daughter is 3 , but is small for her age . We got this for her to use at the kitchen table for meals and it comes with a carry tote , so transporting to grandparents will be made easy.What I like the most about the seat is that it WILL NOT SLIDE . This seat stays put ! I have to really tug at it to remove it from my dining chairs to clean around . So , I am confident my little one can not slide of the chair or scoot her way off , even being wiggly !
 I bought this for my two year old daughter . She absolutely loves it and the fact that it is pink does n't hurt ! It is really nice for wood because it does n't have any hard plastic to scratch furniture surfaces . It is a nice thick foam-like material . It comes in a bag that I have saved and used to take it with us out of town . Very pleased with it and recommend it to anyone in need of a booster seat .
 Sturdy , easy to use , clean and the kids love it . My sons is almost 2 years old and looks brand new !
 My baby needed the high chair so we got this seat for my toddler and it is wonderful . We take it in our 5th wheel trailer when we go camping as well . A great soft cushioned seat with a non-skid bottom - very versatile and it seems to be sturdy and well made .
 Someone gave me a blue one for my son who needed a booster seat at the table after he was too big for the high chair and he LOVES it . So , when our little girl graduated from the high chair , I ordered her this pink one . It is so easy to clean and they actually stick to the chair because of the material it is made out of and does not slide around like other booster seats therefore there are not straps you have to try to figure out . The only reason I did not give it a 5 star is because there are no safety straps to keep them from getting out of the seat like in the high chair , but , after time , they have learned that they can not get up from the table before asking . It is easily portable to a restaurant or to someone 's home , too . I think this is a fabulous item for yourself or as a gift !
 purchased this for my grand daughter ... . it 's wonderful ... great quality , wipes off easily -LRB- there 's no cracks or crevices to harbor crumbs and such -RRB- and it 's sturdy . She loves being able to sit at the table in her `` big girl seat '' ... This seems to wear well and no doubt will be in excellent condition for her younger sister .
 We are very happy with this product . The booster is soft , yet durable and hods up great to our two year old . We also do n't have to worry about the seat slipping as it stays in place perfectly . Very easy to clean too .
 This is a good product , which my 21 month old daughter likes to use -LRB- at other people 's houses -RRB- . She 's not so sure about it at home and likes to climb out of it . We also have it on a cushioned chair and it 's not so sturdy there -LRB- though I imagine none of them really are -RRB- . But overall , a great little seat and she also likes to use it to sit and play in .
 MY GRAND BABY LOVES THIS SEAT . IT IS SO SOFT FOR HER . SHE IS VERY TINY FOR 3 AS SHE WAS A PREMIE . I LOVE IT AS IT IS EASY TO TAKE WITH ME AND EASY TO CLEAN . THANKS FOR MAKING A GREAT COMFY BOOSTER SEAT.JULIE STUTZMAN
 We found this seat very convenient -- easy to take anywhere ! Our baby seems comfortable in it and it has allowed him to be closer to us when we are having meals . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 it is nice , and works like it says , from 4 months it keep the baby sitting up right and can hardly fall over . but i did n't use it that much and now that my daughter is 7 months old , she can use her feet to scoot the chair back and she does n't like to stay in it that much . still it is only $ 40 and to get a safe , hands free spot for a baby is worth it !
 This product is great ! The seat is comfortably soft , but suppportive . It 's a life saver when you 're cooking or taking a shower . It allows them to sit up and play , while supported so you do n't have to worry about them falling over . The only thing is if your baby has chunky thighs it might be a tight fit .
 I love this little seat . We used it to start feeding out 5 month old solids until she was big enough for the big highchair . Now we use it for her to sit with us on the couch . Of course you must watch them at all times while they are in the chair as she is 9 months now and can tip it over on the couch pretty easily . But it helps her stay in one place so we do n't have to make sure she 's not crawling right off the couch cusions . We did get more use out of it when she was younger , but she has a baby brother on the way that will get more use out of it . I do wish I would have gotten the one with the tray though so she could have had easier access to her toys before she could sit up by herself . We also used this as a seat on the floor for her to situp and play with toys before she could do it on her own . All in all I am very glad we got this !
 The Baby Bumbo seat was recommended to me but then I came across this Bebe Pod Seat . This item is a lot cheaper and it is the same thing . I enjoy this seat because it is very easy to use . My son loves it . He can sit up and look around . He especially loves it because he can prop his foot up on the middle piece and chew on his feet . Do n't ask , its a baby thing ! It is very soft and it really does help your little one learn to sit up sooner !
 My son is 1 week shy of 3 mos and loves this seat . He sits in next to me while I watch tv or mess with the xbox . He just watches the colors on the tv and swings his arms around , very stable , easy to clean , and he has never even once come close to falling out of it .
 We got the Bebe Pod when my baby girl was 4 1/2 mos old . It allowed my baby to `` sit '' in places she never sat before . She sometimes can be a bit `` clingy '' so whenever I wanted to prepare lunch for myself , or do anything else in the kitchen , I would just set this right on top of the counter and put her in it . She loved being where she could see me . I actually got the Sky Blue one even though my favorite color is purple . The blue one is a very soft blue so it does n't look too boyish . Plus , I hope to have more babies in the future and wanted to be able to use this again . The seat is very soft too . My daughter is now 6 1/2 mos . and sitting much better on her own , but I still use the Bebe Pod to set her safely on the counter . She 's not a huge baby -LRB- 16lbs -RRB- but her legs have some meat on them so they do get a little stuck . But the seat is so soft , it 's not that big of a deal . Lastly , I did see a display model where the front part came off so it did worry me , but so far so good . However , my baby is not rough with it .
 I got this seat for my son 2 days ago , and he LOVES it ! He 's 5 months old , and almost ready to sit on his own , so I wish I had found this sooner . This seat is perfect for any baby that can hold their head up on their own . He 's able to sit and play with his toys on his own instead of being frustrated because he ca n't sit up . And something that I was VERY happy about is that the seat really is a lot softer than it looks in the picture . Definately a must have for any active baby .
 It looks like a hard plastic product , but it is soft enought to protect babies from any hurts . I think it is cheaper than Bumbo chair but it has almost same worthy . It is a nice product .
 I originally purchased the Bumbo chair because that is the brand that Babies R Us carries and I had a gift card that was burning a hole in my baby bag . My baby 's legs are pretty chubby and she could n't fit in the Bumbo come 3 months of age , but , at 7 months can still sit comfortably in the Pod . She can sit on her own now , but I like to feed her in the Pod ; it 's very soft and cozy , and it cleans very easily with just a damp rag . I wish I had gotten the Pod with the play tray because otherwise the baby needs something else to distract/entertain her/him , especially if he/she is very young and not used to sitting much.The purpose of the Pod is to get a baby to enjoy the upright seated position early on ; I do n't really think of it as a toy , but a baby-related accessory . A really active baby probably does n't need this product , as his/her tummy muscles are already beefed up , but other toys like an exer-saucers or Johnny Jumper might be better suited . Keep in mind that it may be possible for an antsy babe to arch its back real good and pop its tush out , or lean hard and tip over . At this juncture , the baby has outgrown the chair 's use . -LRB- As with pretty much ANY baby product , keep an eye on the cutie while they 're in there , just in case . -RRB- It comes in lots of colors -LRB- my Babies R Us only has the Bumbo in dumb-o boyish blue -RRB- to fit your decor and is durable enough to pass it along when your baby grows out of it .
 I might be hasty in my review , since we have only been using it a couple days . My daughter is 3 1/2 mo. and I have been looking at this product for a while , even when I bought it I was unsure of its purpose -LRB- only learning to sit ? -RRB- and when I would use it . So far she and I love it . I have 2 other children and she loves to be up and looking around , and I ca n't be holding her all the time . She does n't like going on her tummy , so this is a great alternative -LRB- although she does have tummy time daily also -RRB- . I think its great for her muscles and social interaction with the family . Very portable , soft and seemingly easier to clean than the other version -LRB- when I compared the materials at the store -RRB- . I would not use unsupervised , especially with her 2 yr . old brother running around . I like the idea of using it at a restaurant , like another review said . Definetly better for 3 -LRB- providing they have adequate neck control-and start out slow , a few minutes and increase the time -RRB- - ? maybe 6 or 7mo , I ca n't see the 12 mo. they put on the box . Right now I would give it 5 stars , but gave it 4 because we have n't had it long .
 This has made my grandson feel a part of everything going on . It has enabled us to put him down to see all around him . He squirms and screams with delight and he is unable to tip it or get out of it . It is a really clever item.It is safe and fun for him as well as the rest of the family ... including the family dog who loves to kiss Blake while he is in his Pod -LRB- which is blue and matches his eyes -RRB- . .
 I got this seat for my infant son when he was 11 weeks old -LRB- when he had stable head/neck control -RRB- . He absolutely loves to sit up and the design of this chair enables him to sit on his own and see the world around him ! Now that he 's 4 months , he loves to sit in his BebePod chair on the table while we eat dinner , on the counter while I cook and do dishes , while I 'm folding laundry ... . It 's a lifesaver ! We even take it out to restaurants with us because he ca n't sit on his own yet in the highchairs they provide -- instead he sits next to me in his Pod and we all enjoy the meal and company !
 Oh my god , choosing a baby stroller is more difficult than choosing a car these days . Suddenly new on the field , there are so many things to consider . This stroller is great for just one thing
 Wonderful scent , works well on kids and even better when paired with the Huggies Green Tea & Cucumber Body Wash. . Definitely recommend !
 My daughter has very dry skin and she gets bumps all over her body if I do n't drownd her in lotion and I tired everything and this stuff works the best !!!!! It 's thick and not greasy and it smells woundful !!!!!! I reccomend it to everyone . It 's also reasonably priced .
 This is a great product as long as you remember you are still giving them to a 3 foot con-artist/escape artist who get out of and make a mess out of anything . The cup as a whole is well designed for travel snacking and around the house snacks . The slotted top is sturdy enough that my 15 month old can get his hand in but not a fist full of snacks out . However , if you blindly throw a handful of crackers with some broken bits and small crumbs in there , any toddler quickly figures out how to use the cup as a shaker to sprinkle crumbs all over the house . These are great to use in stores to keep a fussy kid busy with a few snacks while you finish up the shopping . All in all my kid loves it , however , as I stated up front , do n't think that any of these snack cups are going to provide a `` mess free '' experience ... . just a reduced mess one .
 This is perfect for toddlers . He can carry his snack around without spilling and making a mess . The dog is very disappointed .
 My wife purchased this snack cup for our grandsons . They are great to keep fish crackers or such from spilling and to keep the dogs from stealing the boys snacks . We have two cups one for each boy . They are especially convenient for the car .
 We received this item around the time our toddler was graduating to walking on her own . As she got older she wanted to have a snack but did n't want to sit in her highchair . This item allowed us to give her a snack and let her to have it anywhere . It is wonderful for shopping , when you do n't want to be picking up an entire bag of goldfish off the floor after your child dumped it out . Or when visiting friends and family , not only eliminating mess at their homes but also in your car . We love this item and it holds up really well . Toss it in your diaper bag and you are good to go .
 I ca n't believe how great these are ! The Gerber ones do n't hold a candle to the Munchkin ones ! My son is a rough little dude and he ca n't shake his goldfish out of this one !
 This is an excellent item . My baby eats her snacks and nothing spills all over the place .
 This is a great little item . Wish I had these when my kids were little . I got this for my 20-month old granddaughter . I was tired of watching her spill her `` o 's '' on the floor and eating off the floor . She loves being able to reach in and take out just one `` o '' . Less mess for her Mom & Grammy to pick up , too !
 Our baby boy -LRB- 13 months -RRB- is going through teething and loves crunchy snacks . We supply him with a variety of Gerber 's Graduates Crunchies -LRB- made of corn and somewhat like Cheetos for adults -RRB- . He loves them . Usually we feed them to him one at a time . Alternatively , we spread out a collection of crunchies on his feeding tray . The problem with the latter is that he tries to grab a fist full and put them all in his mouth at the same time or he sweeps them off the tray and onto the floor.My wife found this little snack cup in a baby food section of a store and it has worked marvelously well . It has a top with flexible openings . We fill the cup with crunchies and then the boy tries to figure out how to extract them . It did n't take long . After a few minutes he 'd stick his fingers or hand into the opening , come out with a crunchie and put it into his mouth . After a few crunches , he 'd go after another . The greatest number of crunchies he was able to extract in any one grab was two . What a relief ! Now he was eating on his own and with a minimum of spillage onto the floor . Also he seems to enjoy the problem-solving task of removing what he wants from the cup . Plus , we can take the cup along wherever we go and let him work on it to occupy his attention . This is a neat and useful device.Gary Peterson
 daughter seems to have no problems using and i like that it keeps my car somewhat cleaner . easy to clean and dishwasher safe which is a must in my book
 This is not a `` spill proof '' cup because children will be children , but it works great for my daughter because she always has snacks on the go . I just be sure not to put anything in it that crumbs to easily . She can reach in and get the snack just fine . If she wants to be naughty , she can make a mess , but she usually does ok with it .
 These snack catchers are fantastic ! I have a friend with a 2 year old son . He 's at that age where he wants to feed himself and be independent but he also tends to drop food everywhere with most other containers . This one keeps food in but allows the little guy to grab a snack without the mess .
 Some parents seem unhappy with this product , and I ca n't figure out why . It is not a magical cup to keep all messes from happening , it simply does its job . Some parents complain of their child using it as a shaker to sprinkle crumbs all over the floor . Well , I shake mine over the sink to get rid of itty bitty pieces before I let the kiddo have it.Overall , it keeps the snacks in as opposed to my son dumping a full bowl of snacks all over the floor . The few he drops he eats . I got mine from a local MART for much cheaper and two came in a package .
 The product has met my expectations of lessening snack spills . It is designed very well and is priced reasonably .
 My 18th month old loves his Snack Catcher . When we are traveling he can get his own snacks , all by himself .
 This is one of the best products on the market for babies and toddlers . Children can easily push their hands in these cups to get a snack out , but if they tip the cup , all the snack stays in . This is a MUST HAVE product for little ones .
 My friend had recommended this to me for my baby 's snacks . It helps with a child 's eating independence and helps prevent snack spills . It comes in great 2-tone colors which makes it gender neutral . I keep one at home and one in the car . It 's BPA-free and easy to clean . I love this for all of my child 's snacks . I recommend it to any parent .
 I love this snack cup ! We bought it right before we took our 1st plane ride with our 14month old , was nice I could hold it and he didnt make a mess with it . The only thing is I saw them in Target right after I bought it and you can get 2 for the same price as the one one here : /
 I purchased this for air travel and I am so pleased . We were traveling to a colder destination and I was able to put our coats in with the carseat . After getting the bag off of the baggage carousel I was very glad that I had purchased it for the carseat because the bag was filthy . Had I not had this bag my carseat would have been the one with the filth . I am going to be traveling again next month and I look forward to using it again .
 We are very happy with this purchase . They hold the car seats with ample room for extra stuff . Our car seats were totally protected during our flight . Honestly , for $ 20 , this bag is worth it !
 This was the first time traveling on an airplane with two car seats . I bought a bag for each seat , and it worked out great . One bag fit my three year old 's car seat plus my nephew 's booster seat . The other bag worked great for my infant 's carrier and base . It was a little tight , but it fit . We were also able to stuff diapers and coats in the bags . For the price , I thought this bag was awesome !
 We bought this for an extensive itinerary for our summer vacation - 6 flights in one month . We were able to fit one backless booster and one regular `` backed '' booster seat in here with no problems . There was plenty of room for more items - including 4 pairs of shoes that were removed from an overweight luggage bag . It held up very well and is still looking new - no holes or snags . It is big and bulky when filled , but the shoulder stap makes it easy to throw over one shoulder and carry it through the airport . This was definately worth the extra cost .
 Love this baby balm . I 'm really bummed that it seems to have such limited availability . I purchased it at my local WF market and now they do n't carry it . It looks like it 's tough to find on Amazon as well.I brought this with me to the hospital , and the nurses seemed to really like it . The scent is so nice with the lavender essential oil . We 've had zero issues with diaper rash using this , and Baby seems to find it soothing during application.It is available on Amazon as part of100 % Natural Baby Gift Set -LRB- Rubber Froggy -RRB-
 Grips great . Large enough to cover most of the tub floor . Feels much safer than smaller , white bath mat . This mat 's suction cups are much more gripping . Also , washes clean in the wash machine , unlike my previous white one which seemed to hang onto mold .
 This is a very large mat and fits the tub nicely . I like it because I can walk up and down the whole length of the shower and not worry about falling . It is soft under the feets and smooth enough to sit on for bathing . Suctions nicely to the tub and the clear blue looks great on our blue bath tub .
 Great size -- covers the whole bottom of the tub . Its suction cups do a great job holding it in place . It 's light weight and attractive . Be sure to hang it up to dry after your shower as the suction cups can really trap water and allow for growth of mold .
 It is so perfect for my bath.fit it perfectthe right size for my bath.I am very happy that i have it
 Have looked high and low for perfect bath mat and I found it . Attractive and just the right size . Love the see-through design . Very classy .
 I 've had this tub mat for about 5 years . It definitely has held up better than other mats I 've had . I have had no problem with mildew as long as I remember to let the underside dry after each shower/bath by draping the mat over the side of the tub . I also wash the mat in hot bleach water in the washing machine at least every other month . Even after that many machine washes , it 's still like new .
 I left the house without a bottle arrggg ! Because I did n't want to spend too much on another Avent -LRB- which is the bottle baby uses -RRB- , I purchased this bottle because it looked most like the Avent nipple and it was on sale ! What a pleasant surprise to see how easily baby latched on and I did n't have to worry about the bottle leaking which sometimes happens with the Avent bottle . Wonderful find and will consider purchasing and using this bottle interchangably with the Avent bottles I already have !
 We LOVE these bottles!Our baby did n't have any problems as described by the other person and we 've been using them for 12months ... through all the stages of nipples . I `` m not sure why you would fill an 8 oz bottle fuller then 8oz . That just sounded silly ... of course it leaked!The only thing we had trouble with at first is getting the bottom disc clean . I emailed the company and they were wonderful . The lady was so polite , prompt , and curtious . I would buy from this company JUST based on my customer service experience . Not only did I get my bottles completely replaced they reimbursed my shipping cost by sending extra bottles ... so many so I didnt even open the extras . For three returned bottles I received NINE ! WOW ! WOW ! WOW!The new bottle come perfectly clean . . every time ... and they are about 6mo old .
 I bought this bottle for my first baby . It is so easy to clean . All the parts come off and even if you are using a sponge to clean with you could clean every part of this system . I have never had a problem with leaking . The nipples are also very interesting they really are texured well and do have little bumps like a real breast .
 I started to use these bottles for my 2 month old son when I began expressing milk in preperation for my return to work and he loves them . I tried a few others and he had a hard time latching on to the nipples , but he got it on the first try with this one and has no problem going back and forth between bottle and breast . I would give this 5 stars but I chose 4 because it is a spendy bottle -LRB- nearly $ 6 for ONE -RRB- but worth the cost for a happy baby . Also , I have a hard time putting the nipple back in the ring , so I just make my husband do it ! :-RRB- I would also prefer a bottle that is angles because it 'd be easier ... when the bottle gets really low I have to lay him back all the way so that he can get it all . But like I said we all love this bottle more than any others we have tried and I recommend it ... especially if your baby is still breastfed also .
 I love this bottle . I was trying to transition my son from drinking from only nursing to being able to drink from a bottle . I purchased the playtex drop in nursers -LRB- since I used them for my older son and daughter -RRB- however he would n't drink from the bottle . I reshearched other bottles and discivered the nipple to this bottle was wider and textured . I was actually able to feed him . This bottle is great .
 Even though our first daughter loved the toy tray several years ago , ours is long gone . One of the best features about this walker is that it is very useful without the toy tray . All of my 3 children preferred it without the toy tray . Our version has a tray with a clear plastic window , and my children loved to look through and see what was below . I do n't know if this newest version is similar . My walker is in reds and blues.I have used this walker with all of our 3 children , and except for the toy tray , the walker is still in excellent shape . It was great for me because big sister would help baby by giving her cheerios or her toy or sippy cup that she dropped off of the tray . This was a fun game that kept them both entertained ! I kept my brakes on most of the time , and mostly used this as a place to put baby when I needed to keep her safe . I used it mostly while cooking or loading the dishwasher , but I also used it to keep baby occupied while I took a shower too . I could bring it in the bathroom with me , and keep an eye on baby.This is one of the few baby items that I have kept over the years , when others have been long gone and mostly unused . I love this walker . I like it that the tray is easy to clean , and that the seat cover is removable and washable . I also loved it that the height is adjustable .
 I researched walkers for a while . The latest model walker bottoms seem to be too large and lengthy , however this one is n't . I really like this walker because it has the vibrant colors and it 's adjustable . Some of the walkers are adjustable but I found that there are some that just did n't adjust enough for my son . He 's kind of short . It also rolls well on carpet . The only thing I do n't like about this walker is the toys suck .
 DID ALL MY RESEARCH WHEN LOOKING TO PURCHASE A WALKER FOR MY 9 MTH OLD DAUGHTER . EVERY REVIEW I READ REGARDING THIS WALKER WAS POSITIVE . THIS WALKER IS TRULY EXCELLENT , RUNS OVER THE CARPET PERFECTLY , IS VERY STEADY AND EASY TO ADJUST . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS WALKER TO ANYONE .
 You 'll need to take off the white safety stoppers , but then it works great on carpet . My son even takes it over rugs . Safety should n't be an issue if you install baby gates and properly supervise your kid . It works for bigger babies , too . My 8 mo. old weighs 25 lbs . and he 's got a little extra room in the seat . People have complaints about the entertainment tray , but I think that 's a secondary issue . My baby likes the little stuffed animals on the tray , but is more interested in getting around and exploring his surroundings .
 This is exactly what we were looking for . We had an older model and wanted another for our twins . It disassembles easily for packing into a car . It is very durable and cleans easily . We use it indoors and outdoors . The entertainment table has nice animals but they did not easily interface with the child . You have to pull hard on the animals to make them do anything and it is so low and inconsistent that the child becomes bored with it . We usually remove it and use the table for Cheerios or other toys anyway .
 excellent product , I recommend it seems very good quality was what I needed excellent excellent excellent excellent product , I recommend it seems very good quality was what I needed excellent excellent excellent
 I bought this for my Grandson at 6 months old . He really enjoys it , it is stable and he really loves the toys it comes with .
 My daughter loves this walker . We have wood floors and she is able to follow our dogs all around the house . I truly believe she LOVES being mobile . The only thing about this walker I would change are the toys that come with it . I immediately trook them off because they are seriously lacking . It is very difficult to get them to make noise and on one setting -LRB- when they are supposed to make the animal noises -RRB- the elephant actually sounds like a little kid humming a tune . It 's very odd . I put her own toys on the tray and she seems perfectly happy with them .
 My grandson lives in Brussels Belgium and I had this sent to him . It arrived very quickly and was easy for my son-in-law to assemble . The baby loves it and just today I saw him on Skpye using it and having a great time . It is also adjustable which is great as he grows . My daughter say 's he loves it . Great product ! You will not be disappointed !
 Good , sturdy walker that 's lightweight . Moves easily across hard surfaces and moderate thickness carpet and area rugs . The brakes are very effective at keeping the little one contained . My daughter loves it.But there 's one thing that does bother me a little and that 's the sounds included with the little part that sits on the top for the baby to play with . I do n't know what they were going for with it , but it sounds like demons live in it . Weird voices , unintelligable chants , and randon spanish words come out of this thing . -LRB- Spanish ? WTF ?? -RRB- I changed the batteries , no change though . Furthermore , it works only when it wants to . I ca n't quite figure out what activates the various sounds . The baby seems to have more luck than me.Don ' t let this discourage you . You can throw holy water on it , exorcise the dark lord , and burn it at the stake because it can be easily removed from the walker . Overall , it 's worth the money .
 We bought this walker for my granddaughter four years ago . She loved it , and so did we . The animals are adorable and it plays music . If another one comes available , we are looking to purchase another one for our next grandchild . We always choose Graco products for their style , quality , safety , and durability .
 This walker is great . I bought it for my daughter when she was 8 months old , a little older than most people do , but she loved it . Once she got the hang of it she was scooting across the house super fast . Some of the other reviewers stated that it was hard for their babies to move on the carpet but she never had any problems , even going from carpet to lenoleum . The only thing I did not really care for was the tray of toys , she never really used it , and it did not really work that great . The stops worked great the were really sturdy and once locked in they did not move . Also I bought it because it did not fold down , I never trusted the style that folded so this one was perfect because it locks in at 3 leaves . I would definately recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this walker for my 9 month old son - after reading it 's reviews , i was impressed by all the positive reviews , and more importantly , that it rolled well on carpet and tile . . All those reviews were right on ! We live in a house , in germany , where everything is tiled - and we have an area rug on the floor of the living room - this walker is awesome on both . My son is a speed demon , and loves to chase the dogs around - they all get their workouts!I ca n't recomment this walker highly enough - we did super saver , and got free shipping to our APO address -LRB- which does n't work for everything ... -RRB- and within one week , the walker was here . Putting it together was so easy and while the toys are nothing particularly special , my son still loves playing with them - this holds his attention for about half an hour at a time , which is a MIRACLE , and a gift when i am trying to cook dinner!It might not be the coolest walker out there , but it is awesome in it 's own functionality - A + + +
 Bought this walker for my 9 month old grand-daughter . She is very active and likes to get around . I bought this for a number of reasons -- first with the large tray area , though she can get to things like the coffee table , she ca n't reach past the tray to pull things off . 2nd -- we host Easter at out house and the walker will allow her to be down and active without the fear of anyone stepping on her . She loves it and can get around easily -- rolls on carpet as well as tile , hardwood and the outdoor patio . The only downside -- the music is n't easily activated . Not a big deal but something to be aware of .
 This walker was easy to assemble and my daughter moves around in it with ease , even on the carpet . My only issues with it are 1 -RRB- the colors -LRB- not the most attractive , but I knew this when I bought it -RRB- and 2 -RRB- the attachment toys are really just stuffed animals who make strange sounds and short-lived music -LRB- not cute songs -RRB- . However , I did n't buy it for the toys that come on it , so I 'm still glad we have it .
 It 's a good thing my daughter could care less about the toys , because it does not deter her from loving her walker . What it also does n't deter her from , unfortunately , is getting her little hands on everything within reach ! At least now we know what we have to baby-proof . I would have given it 5 stars if not for the ridiculous stuffed toys with unintelligible moans and metallic sounding words . I love this walker !
 This mobile entertainer is great . I bought it for my grandson for his 1st birthday and while putting it together he was so curious . He love 's it . He loves the toys on it and he figured out right away how to move it around . It has been 2 months , he is a speeder in it . It is a great and I would recoment it , `` HIGHLY '' .
 Bought this stroller because of the large front wheels which seem to work well on carpet . My little girl is getting around with no problem and the height is very easy to adjust . Very easy to put together -LRB- my husband did it w/o me having to read him directions -RRB- . Only thing that kept it from a perfect score is the `` jungle crew '' which are the stuffed animals that make sounds when she bats at them . The songs are lame to say the least , they almost sound like elevator music , the animals sounds are cute ... the lion growls , the monkey hollers and then you get to the elephant and all you can say is `` what the ! @ # $ ? '' . The elephant makes this `` ooo , ooo , ooo '' sound which is not at all accurate of the sounds that an elephant makes . Also because the elephant is right in the middle , my daughter puts it in her mouth most of all and now the elephant goes off on its own w/o anyone being in or around the walker . Graco should have spent more time with the sounds or maybe they should just not include it and knock the price down some . The walker by itself is wonderful !
 Love this walker an the most important reason it deserves 5 stars is because unlike the scissor fold walkers , this one is SAFE and will NEVER collapse ! Colors of the walker are great , rolls over carpet , tiles and rough slate all with EASE ! Toys are lame , most babies wo n't pay any mind to them when they ca n't easily get them to make noise and the two mix n move toys are pastel and uninteresting so they do n't scream for attention , other annoying things would be the seat is a little of a pain to get out to wash -LRB- go to graco replacement parts website and buy a spare for accidents ! -RRB- These negatives do n't even make a dent on this walker though , it 's SAFE , is a smooth ride , has great brakes and my son ADORES it ! Oh and it was CHEAP monetarily , not cheaply made !
 Walker is easy to assemble and need about 15 minutes by maximum to get rolling . Our son is 4 months old and enjoys a lot while in the walker . Small animals on the front table attract his attention quite often . It is very safe and fit for the carpet floor . So far we have observed no downside excpet that we have to be care ful while taking the baby out of the walker as legs may get stuck with the seat holes . Overall , we are strongly satisfied by this product .
 I 've just been reading reviews . I want to buy this second hand . Anyone have one to resell ?
 This walker is amazing . you can remove the toy parts , and put a snack in it to feed your child if you 'd like to . The quality is great , and you can change the music , sounds , and numbers to like 5 different selections . It can count to 5 in English and Spanish make animal sounds , and jungle type music . I simply Love it !!!!! P.SI had to learn how to change the sounds back and forth . To save you guys the trouble just press the arrow button opposite of the power button .
 This is an excellent product for your infant . It has great features , is very safe , and it 's adjustable as your baby grows . My baby is loving his walker .
 This item is stable , colorful , fun , has terrific animals toys to play with and you have no fear of it collapsing or falling over . Wonderful ! Our little Emma is 5 1/2 months and enjoying it a great deal .
 This Graco walker does the job . My 6 mos old can get from point A to point B pretty easily . The only complaint I have which I did read in the other reviews is that the toy tray it comes with is n't that entertaining for him . But the upside to that is the toy tray is removable and I can give him his own toys to play with on the tray . Also the back wheels do n't turn as well . Overall , I would recommend this product , what you see is what you get !
 The baby was truely entertained by this walker . The best feature was that we could adjust the height to whatever best accomadated the babys needs .
 I looked at a lot of Walkers and decided to get this one for several reasons ... The price is in the mid-range and affordable , it 's colorful and the toys are entertaining and educational . As soon as we put it together , which was very easy , our son loved it , within a week he was zipping around the house , forward and backwards , even turning in circles . So it must be easy for him to manuever .
 my bracelet is so pretty - not like the plastic one . I love to use it , it helps me remember when my baby breast feeds - since I am on sleep deprivation . It makes a nice gift for a new mom or a baby shower .
 As a mommy of a less than one week old who is attempting breast feeding this bracelet is essential . At this point I am feeding every couple of hours and they all are one big blur ... so the bracelet is easy to use and a gentle reminder to help keep things on track . I wore it in the hospital after my daughter was born and many staff complimented me on my pretty bracelet . Even they had no idea such a nifty thing existed .
 I LOVE this wall border , I just put it in my daughter 's room and it was the easiest thing to do !! I had done the kind you have to wet and `` paste '' before which can be pretty difficult especially without help , this I did in no time by myself , and it 's super cute ! It took 3 rolls to do the entire wall .
 I love the butterfly hello kitty . Wish they made more products with the theme . The wallpaper is peel and stick so it makes it easy .
 This is the greatest invention since slided bread , peal and stick and done ... this made Dad a hero in an hour flat
 I love this border !! It was super easy to put up , and it stays stuck in place . I was a little concerned because our walls have an un-even plaster treatment to them , but it did n't matter . The border went up easily , and has stayed stuck in place . I made a mistake at one point , and it was running a little crooked . It easily pealed back and then went back in place with little effort . It did n't leave any residue on the wall , or harm the paint . I needed 3 rolls to make it all around the room . Be sure to measure before ordering .
 I was given one cooler as a gift and was very pleased . I am purchasing a second , as others have said to have one set for me to add to while at work and the other to go with baby to daycare.This tote was very well thought out when made . The ice packs line 3 of the sides of the cooler ensuring that the breastmilk will stay cold in transit.I like that the cooler is streamlined and small - not padded with bulky cooler fabric . This makes it easy to fit into my bag to go to work or into baby 's daycare bag . I like that the bottles have the type of cap that a nipple can be added to to create a bottle easily . This means I do not have to send extra empty bottles to daycare as well - just a set of bottle nipples.I agree it would be nice if the plastic bottles were BPA free - however since breastmilk is never heated in the microwave -LRB- and only in warm water to room temp -RRB- I feel that the chance of chemicals leaching into the milk is very low . Overall I feel This bag is a great value for any breastfeeding and working mother !
 You can fit 5oz in this bottle and still have room at the top - it might max out at 5.5 oz . These bottles are well made and the lids fit securely -LRB- no leaks -RRB- . My Ameda pump w/tote bag came with one cooler sets , but once I returned back to work I ordered a second . Now I have one with me at work and one to leave with the sitter . It makes the morning baby hand-off faster and I know I always have plenty of bottles .
 I bought two of these , -LRB- my pump did n't come with any -RRB- , but I did n't realize that they came with bottles too ! I thought I was just getting the coolers and ice packs . I hear from a lot of people though , that I will be happy I have extras . I got two cooler totes because I figured I needed one with me and the pump at work , and I would send the other with my husband and son to daycare so that during the 40 minute commute the milk wo n't get warm . As long as I was already paying a flat shipping rate , it was worth the extra 15 bucks for the added convenience .
 This second cooler with bottles is a lifesaver for a full-time working mom . This way if the dishwasher does n't get run or the freezer packs accidentally get left out , you are still good to go to work in the morning . It is worth the extra money to have a second set .
 I use the bottle to store milk at work . works great and came in on time . I would buy this product again .
 It was nice to finally have a cooler bag that fit my bottles , and kept them upright so no tipping over . I 'm glad that it came with ice packs so that I would n't have to search around for those , and the extra bottles came in handy too . The bag is well constructed so I 'm sure it 'll last for uses well beyond the bottle stage .
 I love that this cooler comes with 3 ice packs that insert into the cooler . It basically surrounds the milk which ensures that it remains cold ! I was at the zoo with my daughter and she was overheating so I took out one of the ice packs and slid it underneath her in her carrier and she was happy and my milk was still cold !! This storage tote is super light and easy to travel with . Love this product . Bonus , it came with 6 bottles as well !
 another of the products that make brest feeding easy . This is great to have if you 're on the go allot .
 Overall , these wipes are great . I used to use Seventh Generation , which were thin , dried out soon after being opened , and came apart easily . Huggies wipes are thick and strong . One Huggies wipe does the job of 2 or 3 Seventh Generation wipes . And they smell good.HOwever , the fact that these come pre-packaged in plastic tubs seems very wasteful and not environmentally friendly to me . I would prefer that they come in refill packages , and I could reuse the plastic tub . This would also reduce shipping costs . For this reason , I gave 4 stars instead of 5 .
 The wipes are excellent but because I did not checked the pricing first I payed more compared with everything is available around my area .
 I tested all types of wipes , and realized that my favorite was Huggies - due to the thickness , and the fact that a million do n't come out of the tub each time you pull for one or two . My next venture was to test smells , finding one that was n't too strong . This wipe has a delicate smell that is refreshing , but does not overpower-it is not perfumey , it is more natural . Also , my daughter has sensitive skin , and she did not react to this wipe . I wish they came in refills on Amazon .
 our favorite wipes . has a nice , mild , refreshing fragrance and the wipes are thick enough to use for multi-purpose .
 Not much to add . Basically these are very good . We used 7th gen wipes to see what they were about and switched back right away !
 I 'm generally wary of buying scented products as I hate being overwhelmed by the aroma . I was pleasantly surprised by the light and natural scent of this product . The wipes work well and do not irritate the skin .
 This is a great way to keep milk stored and organized for caregivers . My husband stays at home with our daughter and this takes the guess work of away for him . I keep the organizer in the refrigerator , take the milk from the freezer and rotate every few days so all he has to do is take the milk from the front , pour , heat and go . It 's also great when my mom is here , because she knows exactly which bag to get next . Each slot only holds one bag -LRB- the manufacturer says it should hold two -RRB- . But then again , I 'm really only using it for the daily organization , not the bulk of the frozen storage .
 I agree that this is not the best solution for long term storage . I have found it very useful for the first freeze so the bag is frozen in a nice block . Then when the container is full I transfer those bags to a ziplock bag . I found that when they were in the block shape they were much less unruly than when they froze in lumpy sheets .
 I have pumped exclusivly for two childeren now . I bought these with my first and have used them for both . They mold your frozen milk into a very easy to stack shape . I put my fresh bags in these and then when they get full , I transfer them into a big plastic storage box . They fit so much better in there frozen into these blocks than they do anyother way I have tried . I love them !
 I 'm surprised to see that people do not like this product . I love mine . The only downside is that I wish it would hold more bags . Each drawer/tray holds 6 bags -LRB- 6 oz ea -RRB- . That means you can store a total of 12 bags . I do n't know how people bought this and did n't know that ahead of time though ! Not only is it clearly labled , but you can easily count on your own by looking at the photo!When I purchased this I bought two . That way I could store 24 bags -LRB- Thats ' a lot ! -RRB- They are stackable so I put two side by side and stack two on top of those . They will fit almost any type of freezer storage bag so I 'm not sure why people are complaining that they do n't . Make sure you put the bag in the tray BEFORE its frozen . Liquids will mold to any shape , so you wo n't have a problem . If you try shoving a bag in after its frozen , sure you 'll have issues!There are 2 things I love about this product .1 -RRB- It keeps my breastmilk away from all the other foods in my freezer . Its nice that its in a bag and also in this nice sturdy plastic tray . It keeps it from absorbing any smells from the other frozen foods2 -RRB- I can organize my milk by date and I never have to go searching through a pile of milk bags . I open the tray and pull out the oldest milk in line . I rotate when a tray empties . I NEVER have to wonder if I 'm missing a bag . For any extra milk I have around -LRB- beyond the 24 bags I store using 2 units -RRB- I keep it that in a plastic grocery bag and when I empty a tray I go through and put in the next 6 oldest bags . I 'm always organized ! I love that.Personally I LOVE the medela Pump and Save breastmilk freezer bags . They hold 6 oz , have a zip-lock top , and a place to write down the name , date , and amount of oz in the bag . ALL freezer bags are inacurate with their markings because they are BAGS . Squeeze the bag , alter its shape , and the milk shifts , there 's no way to know the exact ounces ! It does n't matter the brand ! Plus , liquid expands when frozen . The best bet is to collect your milk in a marked BOTTLE first . Note the ounces then write them down in the provided spot on the Medela pump and save freezer bags . That way you and your caregiver knows EXACTLY what is in the bag . Do n't try and guess!I recommend this product if you want a nice way to organize your milk and keep it fresh and protected . I wish they could hold a few more bags , but 2 units -LRB- 4 total trays -RRB- has been working out for me and I 've been breastfeeding my little one for almost 6 months .
 I used this product with my first 2 daughters and although a lot of people `` complain '' about there only being storage for 12 bag -LRB- although I am not sure why as it clearly states it -RRB- I found this product to be really convenient . I did n't really use it for storage at all . I used it to freeze them , ensure that milk wouldnt leak from the tops as it was stored upright and create uniformity . Then I put them into the door of my stand up deep freezer . It worked awesome . Obviously , using the product for storing 12 bags only is n't that practical or inexpensive . But for freezing purposes I found nothing to be better !
 While I agree with the reviewers who feel like this product is not worth it for storing significant amounts of breastmilk , I find it great for myself . I do not need to store a lot of milk at one time , and in the past I found that frozen breastmilk got `` lost '' in my freezer . Now I have this product to keep my milk separate from other things in my freezer , and it is easy for me to know which one to pull out first . But again , this is not a good solution for someone who is pumping b/c they are at work all day . It 's great for moms who like to keep a small stash of milk for baby for the occasional time that the baby will need a bottle .
 This product is amazing . Because I am working outside the home , I have one at home and one at the sitters . It 's a space saver .
 I really like mine . It works well and stores a good amount . It is also nice to have the milk seperated from the rest of the frozen stuff in the freezer .
 For those people complaining the containers only hold 12 bags there is an easy solution
 I love the new scent of Green Tea and Cucumber . They work great for the messy diapers of my 18 month old . I also love to use them to clean him up after meals or after playing . They leave him clean and smelling great when I ca n't just toss him in the tub.I LOVE THEM !!!!! : -RRB-
 I just had to buy this when I read the review that said they did n't like scents but the person had n't actually tried it . I bought it and immediately could smell a very light scent of green tea . It was pleasant.I love Huggies wipes because they do n't fall apart when you need them to be strong .
 These are by far the best wipes I have ever tried , and I think I 've tried almost every brand and type . The scent is the very best part -- it does n't smell like a diaper wipe , but has a very refreshing and clean smell . They are also very strong and work well to clean the worst dirty bottoms as well as stickiness from face and hands .
 My wife and I have tried various brands of baby wipes over the past 2 years or so -LRB- we 've sometimes received other brands of wipes as gifts - but we always have stuck with Huggies -RRB- . After several months -LRB- about the 7th/8th month -RRB- into our baby daughter 's new life , we finally settled on our ` steady/go-to ' choice of Baby Wipes
 These wipes are the only ones I use now - fresh but not perfumy , thick washcloths - great product !
 I love huggies wipes , they do n't fall apart like pampers wipes . They 're thick and strong . The scent of these was something I thought I would n't like , but it 's really very light and pleasant ! My baby is 9 weeks old , and they do n't bother his skin at all , either , so they 're gentle . Ca n't beat the price , and I like not having to buy so many tubs to throw away , too .
 I used to use the seven generation wipes , it got too expensive . then i switched to costco kirkland brand which i like , but because it is so soft and thin that it does n't wipe well w / # 2 . Ever since I switched to this brand , the scented smell and strong sturdy wipes makes my baby fell fresh and every time . Not only do I use them on my baby , I also use them to clean and dust around the house .
 My daughter has extremely sensitive skin and Huggies are the only wipes that I have found that do not irritate it . All other brands have given her a rash , and most Huggies with scent added break her out , but these did not . They have a pleasant , fresh scent and were great on her sensitive skin . They also absorb beautifully . I would have to use 3 of the cheap brand wipes for every one of these , so it really does n't save me money to buy cheaper wipes . I highly recommend these .
 I have tried every baby wipe under the sun . This has got to be my favorite wipe of all time.As far as price for the amount of wipes , and the quality of the wipes , you ca n't beat these.I 've tried saving money by buying the Luvs , which are super flimpsy and do n't smell that good . Pampers wipes are also flimpsy . I 've tried the Parents Choice brand , which have a nice firm texture , but do n't smell good.These are WONDERFUL . They smell so great , and the resealable package is wonderful !! The texture is nice and firm , and easy to wipe by son 's bottom . My older son enjoys them for wiping his face as well , because they smell `` yummy ! ''
 wonderful product . They smell great . Not overpowering at all.Not to small nor too large . Perfect for cleaning those that are not able to do it themselves .
 We do n't have kids , and we LOVE these ! Great for cleaning sticky hands or faces , cooling in hot weather . We keep some in the car too , just in case . Great scent !
 These are high quality baby wipes . If you are used to using cheaper wipes , you might be tempted to use more than 1 wipe per diaper change . It took me awhile to get used to the fact that these are so good that you only need one . The scent is light and the wipes leave the skin smooth . Worth the money !
 Huggies Naturally Refreshing Cucumber & Green Tea Baby Wipe Refills , 208-Count Pack -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- I purchased and each of the three packages the plastic bag split and allowed a few wipes to dry out . Otherwise the wipes themselves work great , smell good , and do not irritate baby!Would purchase again
 There is not a strong sent at all . If it were n't for the name , I would n't know they were any different than any other wipes in that respect . I 'm not crazy about Huggie diapers , but these wipes are wonderful . They are thick and soft but really strong . They feel more like a wet cloth , then a wet paper wipe . I was using the Costco wipes , but these are so much nicer , I 'll be buying these again .
 these wipes are pretty good ... they are better than pampers brand and softer than store brand ... to smelly though ... if i wipe my kids hands with it they are left with the taste of the smelly stuff ... but they are great for cleaning up # 2
 I LOVE THESE ! THEY ARE EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED!THEY WERE EASY TO PUT UP AND THE COLOR IS PERFECT , I LIKE HOW THERE ARE MANY DIFFERENT SIZE STICKERS TO CHANGE IT UP ONCE I USE OTHER SIZES .
 I must say this product works great when sorting out kids clothes for consignment sales ! Love the stickers that can be used to label each tab .
 Great organizer . Product came as stated and on time . Label stickers were very helpful . Will order again for next child .
 Exactly what I needed for the new babies room and closet . Arrived right on time and was a very reasonable price !!
 I received one of these several years ago after the birth of our daughter . Because I loved it so much , I always include one as part of our baby shower gift to others . It never fails to get rave reviews .
 I got these as a new mother and loved them , and I have given them at every baby shower I have attended since to rave reviews . Recently I purchased a set for a coworker 's shower and another expectant mother attended who asked about them so many times I ordered a set for her before her shower.The way I figure it , retail stores set up displays to allow maximum ease of finding what you want with minimum effort and work for employees . This is like setting up your baby 's clothes like a retail store would ... easy to find what you need with little maintenance . Worth the money .
 Wifey did some research and these seemed to be priced best and were most functional . They come with labels as well but we are using them just as dividers for sorting purposes .
 I found these useless pretty fast because my baby did n't really follow the exact order of how to wear clothing , so these were all over the floor of the closet fast ... I just eye ball the clothes now ... hehe another useless baby item . BUT for what these are made for , the product itself definitely met my expectations .
 I really like the idea of my husband and others being able to find the right clothes size . In my sons closet I know how everything is orgnized but my husband does n't so my son is always wearing a shirt that is too big for him . Now we wont have that problem with our little girl . I did n't care for the lables so we made our own .
 I love these organizers . For one right now they help me keep all the clothes in order from newborn , 0-3m , 3-6m etc so im not scrounging trying to find an outfit that will fit . then as she gets older we will change the tags on them to be monday - friday so she can pick her outfits accordingly .
 I bought these because both my boys share the same closet . Also , my husband did n't know who 's clothes were who 's . He no longer has an excuse . It comes with stickers so you can change the size range and there are some write-your-own labels for whatever you need . Definitely helpful with the closet organizing !
 I have a two year old and a newborn sharing a closet and these dividers are working perfect . The removable size labels allow me to use a couple size dividers for each child . They fit great over the clothing rod . I also like that the size goes up so high as I like to purchase sale items in larger sizes they allow me to put them in the closet without confusion .
 I buy these and enclose with every shower gift that I give . Parents get so many baby clothes and need a way to organize them by size so that they can quickly find an outfit in the closet without having to check the size . These hang tags are ideal for that purpose . 3 mos , 6 mos , 9 mos , 12 mos , 18 mos , 24 mos .
 These are easy to use . They do only come as a 4 pack so I recommend putting the age/size sticker on only one side so you can put a different size on the other size .
 These work great , are very sturdy and come wuth stickers , which allow you to change the sizes .
 I ordered this closet organizers for my new grand baby , because he has so many clothes in various sizes . They are easy to use and fit most closet bars . Enjoy .
 Just what we needed to sort out the clothes in the baby nursery . Makes it so much easier to find sizes -LRB- and will help to make sure everything gets used ! -RRB- .
 These are very cute and great for organizing all the different sizes of baby clothing . They stay in place and are easy to use .
 These small dividers are so helpful an they go from newborn to 8 but nice part is it also comes with extra stickers so you can actually use them for longer you just write what sz you wan na use them for great price an fast delivery !
 I feel like my babies closet is a rack in a department store . Very cute and organized according to size .
 This product has helped me keep my son 's closet organized as he grows . Now I can keep different sizes in the closet while staying organized .
 I have to be honest . I bought these in yellow because they were cheaper than the others . I am glad I did . They stand out against the hangers and clothes so I can see them . I am thinking about buying another set because we have a closet organizer and I had to pick which racks I could use them . Good problem to have .
 I love this product . Great price and great for keeping the closet organized . It comes with a pack of stickers that continue on in sizes way past the toddler years . LOVE IT .
 I 'm glad I made this purchase . Seems like something so small but this really helps with organizing my baby 's clothes . Sort of gives me a timeline on when to start using the clothes and putting the smaller ones away . This would make a really cute baby shower gift as well . Would definitely recommend it !!
 I love the fact these have the removable stickers so when my little girl outgrows one size , I just replace the sticker with another size .
 As first time parents , we received tons of new and used clothes for our baby daughter . The organizer helped us to separate clothes from newborn to 12 months . Now that our baby is nearing her 12 months , the stickers help me to continue the organization up to her toddler years.This has helped me to keep her closet neat and organized as a working and first time mom !
 Regardless of what a first-time mom-to-be registers for , I include this -LRB- or the pink version -RRB- with her present . With my first two I used bags and labels and always ended up missing out on outfits . Once we had a girl , I figured there would be more hanging clothes so it justified using them . I wish I 'd used them for the first two ! It 's nice that you can simply rotate the hangers to the back of the line , put a new sticker on top of the old , and add another division . I changed the markings on mine so that they cover ranges , but otherwise , I 'm a big fan !
 Awesome ! Got all my baby clothes organized by size and it looks so neat and tidy . The sizes are easy to see with big numbers and easy to install . The stickers are easy to remove and will reapply , have only reused them once so I 'm not sure how many times they will stick again . All in all great product .
 good idea but they didnt slide easily on our closet rod.i reconmend these if you have a a smaller sized rod because it is a pretty organizational tool .
 This is a great product to help keep your baby 's closet organized , newborn to 12 months old.Now if only the different baby clothes brands could sync up their sizes !!!! Our 8 month daughter can wear various clothing pieces from `` Size 3 Mos '' up to `` Size 12 mos '' depending on the brand/material/etc . Even when you organize your closet using these spacers , when you eventually do come to that `` bigger size '' you may find it wo n't fit your baby because of different brand measurements!My tip would be to correlate these hangers to your baby 's age , not the size on the clothing tag . Then once every few weeks go through your closet -LRB- ALL clothes -RRB- and see how each item would fit your baby and arrange accordingly .
 I liked the idea of being able to organize my son 's clothes by age group , when they are that small they all look like the same size on the rack . my only wish is that the opening was a little larger , they are just barely able to fit on our closet rack
 Helpful for organizing baby clothes and very easy to get on the closet rod . The only thing I do n't like about it is that the stickers for labeling clothes sizes do n't include 0-3 months .
 I purchased the Baby Buddy Size-It Closet Organizers in Royal Blue .1 . Color - the color is rich and very noticeable hanging in the closet .2 . Compatability - Easily slips over the metal hanging rod of our closet , but is made to fit even the higher quality wooden dowel-type closet rods .3 . Functionality - Though set comes with five organizers , stickers are included up unto size 8 for children 's clothes . This ensures that these organizers will be useful for many years , as once child outgrows a certain size , that organizer can be recycled into the next size up .4 . Quality - Plastic is bendable to get over a clothes dowel , but not to the point of creating weakness in the plastic or breaking . Obviously , it will break if abused , but product has enough give to be put on and taken off dowel repeatedly.I have been given a ton of baby clothes for my baby girl and this tool is a great way to organize all the cute outfits by size so that she does not grow out of a size before she can wear the outfit . They are big enough to be noticeable up above the clothes but not too big as to interfere with the shelf above the hanging clothes rack . I highly recommend this product to any expectant parent who enjoys having everything organized !
 Love this . Clothing now organized by size so I know what my baby is growing out of or in to . The color is a great plus as not many baby things in yellow
 Received this item exactly on time - Thank you Amazon ! The product is exactly as described and very functional . The dividers are large and easy to see and read , the removable labeling for sizes are easy to remove and replace as my child grows ! Highly recommend this product !
 These make keeping my daughter 's closet organized a cinch ! It also makes it so my fiance can find clothes that will fit her so he can get her dressed easily , and also so he can help put laundry away , yet not mess up my system ! The only downside of them is we do n't have much space between the rod and the shelf above the rod in the closet so they do n't quite fit . They have to go on the rod at an angle rather than the size tab be right on top . This does n't really bother me though as it makes seeing the size easier , in my opinion . Definitely worth the few dollars they cost ! Everyone keeps asking me where I got them and how they wish they had some for their child 's closet . We have so many baby clothes in so many sizes that it 's nice to keep it all organized and know which article of clothing is which size to easily grab what fits her now . : - -RRB-
 We have the original large wooden dowels in our closets and apparently they 're not standard size , but the closet organizers still get around this and are stationary -LRB- as opposed to spin and move aside as they are designed to -RRB- . I like how the organizers are not pre-printed and I can use specific size ranges of my choice by applying the appropriate sticker.Great convenience as I pre buy my sons clothing !
 I bought these for my 3 girls and I think it will do a great job keeping our closets organized . The sizes are great and they are easy and work great . Everyone should grab some . It totally helps make sure that you know what you have .
 These are terrific for organizing sizes . My only complaint is that the labels that come with do not have a `` 0-3 '' month size , which is a standard clothing size between `` newborn '' and `` 3-month '' . However , I was surprised to see how high the labels do go -LRB- up to kids size 8 ! -RRB- , and it 's not a big deal to make a 0-3 label . These are sturdy , hang well on closet bars , and tuck into piles of clothes that are folded . Definitely recommend .
 I have used these for my youngest two children ... they are so wonderful for basic closet organization!This is a standard baby shower gift ... I now have a small business sewing clothing for children and use these for my inventory and my displays ... they are a MUST have .
 Four years ago , before I had my first daughter , I saw something similar in One Step Ahead . I though it was overpriced so I was hesitant to buy . Because of that , I struggled with keeping her clothes in order and more than once she grew out of something before she had a chance to wear it . Probably because it was in the wrong spot ! After having my second , I knew I had to be more organized . These are inexpensive , but not cheaply made and do the job . The yellow stands out in her closet and the stickers are interchangeable with my needs . Highly recommend !!
 We purchased these organizers in blue and pink for our 3 children and they are still going strong . They definitely help me to keep the kids closets organized . I love clothes but I love to be organized too so these were the perfect solution . Would make a great add-on gift for a baby shower or for the new parents to welcome baby into the world !
 Here is the reason for my purchase . I purchased these closet organizers when I found out I was pregnant.I liked the idea behind this product
 Works good to separate the sizes . Should be a little more durable but they do serve the purpose . Wish they came with removeable stickers to label the sizes .
 Love this . My husband was getting confused in my baby 's closet whenever he had to get clothe for her and this helps him differentiate the different size clothe .
 I was browsing on Amazon and came across these hangers , how nifty ! Got them in light blue for my baby boy that 's due in the Spring . His closet now looks more organized and I 'm going to buy another set to separate outerwear/jackets . Love ! FYI there are 2 of each age group .
 I absolutely love these , it makes it so that when you purchase ahead of time you do n't forget what you bought in the next size . My Kid 's closets are so beautifully neat and organized now , and it makes getting them dressed a breeze !
 They fit around the closet bar perfectly and for the price , you really ca n't go wrong ! I definitely recommend them !!
 These look great in the closet and do what they do
 Its everything I was expecting ! I loved how its really easy to just peel off the sticker sizes and could re-use as your baby grows .
 I did n't use these for my baby , I used it for a closet that is shared by 3 children . It has made it much easier using the tabs with their names on it , for them to keep their clothes separate from each other . Wonderful idea !
 I bought a different set of organizers with my first son and had to label them myself . I really like how these ones come with labels all the way through children 's sizes and you can just put the stickers over the smaller sizes once they outgrow them . Only complaint is that they only come in the full sizes and do n't have labels for like 3-6 months and other in between sizes for the first year or two . But very minor complaint and still five stars .
 I realized very early on that I was receiving so many different sized clothes for my new baby girl that I could n't keep track of how many pieces of clothing I had in each size . I purchased these dividers thinking I was being silly to go to this extent of organization ! But as soon as I received them and put them in the closet I realized how much easier it was to keep track of what I had in each size . I probably never would have noticed otherwise that I was desperately short of newborn sized clothing before it was too late ! I had previously just been looking at the total amount in the closet and thinking I was doing good on the clothing supply . Because I received so many larger sized clothes from recent new mom friends and shower gifts I was running out of room for smaller sizes so my next purchase is a closet doubler -LRB- see my link -RRB- . Organize It All 1346W Closet Doubler , ChromeI think these two products will compliment each other very well ! Only complaint is that if you use these in a closet with a shelf above the bar they may not fit completely as the tops of the dividers are very high .
 This organizer really keeps my baby 's closet organized . I have purchase clothes up to 18months and with this , i do not have to guess which clothes are appropriate for each age .
 I thought what a waste of money , but these actually help . I sort the clothes accordingly and it 's actually easier when deciding what fits and what does n't . My husband finds it useful also .
 bought these since my baby 's clothes were very disorganized in the closet and I could n't find certain sizes or see how much of each size I had so I used these to keep them in sections . They also come with stickers that have the months to make it even easier !
 I bought this item because it was really hard trying to keep the baby 's closet organized , especially when Daddy put clothes away . Now all he has to do is look at the tags and he can put everything in the right place . I also love that they come with multiple sizing stickers , so as the baby grows out of her clothes , you can change the tags accordingly . I was definitely recommend this item to anyone for keeping baby/toddler closets organized .
 These are perfect ! I put them in my 18 month old 's closet and wished I had some since she was born . I love being able to separate clothes by size so that you can see how many clothes of a certain size you have . You can easily figure out what you need more of this way too . There are several stickers for each size so that you can label both sides of the separator . It is great to give at a baby shower when a new family is getting all those different sized baby clothes ! I gave this to a friend and she loved it ! It comes in several colors to choose from . Great product !
 These closet organizers are awesome ! After buying one pack I realized I needed two and ordered another one . They look exactly like shown in the picture and are durable . The labels are great and printed nicely , and come with blank ones to make a few of your own , which I did . These are also great gifts , my son 's closet is so neat because of them and people always compliment it ! A great buy !
 If you have a little one , they grow so quickly the first year . This is an easy way to organize clothes in their current size as well as future sizes . If needed , you can even reuse the hangers by applying a sticker over a previous sticker . An inexpensive way to keep track of all those small baby clothes and sizes . I use them and I 'm even giving these as gifts to first-time parents !
 I actually bought two sets of these thinking I would need a seperate one for each clothing size . However ; I have only used one ! The organizers come with stickers for all sizes of your child . They can be placed on either side and realistically you could even take off stickers or place another sticker on top when your child had grown out of a size . I love how I know where each clothing size starts and stops and my daughter 's dresses and sweaters look fantastic ! They really helped out with my nesting !!! Even though this product is cheap in cost , it 's great ! Your child 's closet can look like a store !
 Just bought this the other day and got them in and already have them hung in my little girls closet ! I am a organizer and these are perfect for organizing your childs closet !
 Just got these in the mail today and I absolutely love them . You get 5 of the organizers , and stickers ranging from newborn up to size 8 , plus blank ones . And there are multiples of each label so you can use for multiple kids , or if you mess up stickers like I do , you have a backup . The plastic bends easily to fit over the clothing rails in the closet . I wish there were a few more organizers , but I love them nonetheless !
 I wish I had purchased this product before my baby shower ! As soon as my daughter was born , I found myself with a closet full of clothes , and no real way to organize them . My husband was constantly looking in the wrong section for an outfit , and it was just chaos ! Now , with these simple little markers , I feel completely organized , and I can easily sort out her outfits , so there is no excuse not to be able to grab her an outfit quickly . I will definitely purchase these for any future children I have , and continue to use them for many years to come .
 A friend of mine bought a set of these for me when I had my daughter . I am now having baby # 2 and have misplaced some of the ones that I had . I remember how helpful they were at keeping things neat and organized , so I bought a pack . My only complaint is that the ` sage ' color is not as light as the pictures shows . They are a little darker , kind of an ` olive ' green . But they 'll still do the job fine . : -RRB-
 Great product ! Was just the thing to organize baby 's closet with all the clothes received at the showers and as gifts . Only complaint is that stickers for each size do n't seem to stick all that well . I am afraid they may come off with use .
 I 'm having a baby girl but wanted a different color since there is so much pink in her closet so did n't want any more pink . Decided to go with the Sage and it looked like a light green online but when we received it , it was a different darker green than what is shown . Besides the color I 'd recommend this product . I have quite a few clothes that needed sorting and baby is n't due for another 8 weeks but once baby gets here I did n't want hubby to just go in and pick ANYTHING , thus the need for clothes organizers . I 'm sure if it was n't for husbands there really would be no need for these . : -RRB-
 These work pretty well in my son 's closet ! I love that it pops up on top of the rod so I can see what it says . I 'm disappointed that the stickers that come with it are &#34; 3 months &#34; &#34; 6 months &#34; etc. rather than &#34; 0-3 months &#34; and &#34; 3-6 months . &#34; Many clothes are like this these days as well and it 's not very helpful for us . They tend to not slide very well on our older , metal rods -LRB- they are also thicker than most newer rods -RRB- but I 'm positive this would not be a problem on a plastic tension rod or something of the sort -- just gets stuck on the metal I think !
 After my baby shower , I received so many baby clothes of different sizes . These organizers made my job easier with hanging and finding baby clothes at the correct size .
 These are great for an OCD person ! haha . Very helpful in the closet . We all know how much clothes babies get in the beginning and thereafter from the grandma 's . This helps the husband know where to look for a new outfit .
 I got these after we announced we were pregnant to help keep track of all of those awesome gifted baby clothes . It was super easy to see what we had , and as folks asked what we needed , I was able to say &#34; more 6 months clothes &#34; . They 're great !
 This potty is adorable ! It is on the smaller side . However I have a petite child . He loves it , it makes potty time more enjoyable . He is starting to potty train , so I bought one for upstairs and one for downstairs . This is a great potty to introduce your child to toilet training . If your child grows out of this potty due to long legs , the front can be removed and it is a more traditional potty .
 We part time EC and LOVE this potty . The little rolly ball keeps our little guy occupied while he decides whether or not he needs to go . It also keeps his hands occupied so he does n't aim himself in the wrong place . Since we got this potty , we 've hardly used our baby bjorn little potty .
 commenting on the reviews of people who are complaining about the size . This is a potty for EC aka elimination communication or infant potty training.I own baby bjorn little potty and primo . Primo is the most used hands down . For an active busy little baby it is a very nice buy . Very good buy for EC . animal potties are popular in China where EC is common .
 This Potty is perfect for our active little boy . We noticed he started showing an interest in pottying at 5 months , so we bought this potty after reading reviews saying that it is a little small . When we unwrapped it , we let him sit on it , and he peed in it right away ! From then on , he has pooped nearly every morning on this potty , and he pees on it just about any time we let him sit on it . The spinning ball makes a great sound , and helps him stay focused and not try to stand up as soon as he sits down . Once he hit about 7 months , he learned to stand up over this potty . Also , the front can be easily removed by a parent , making this potty very similar to the Baby Bjorn Little Potty -LRB- also recommended for infants -RRB- . We are planning to buy a few more of the Bunny Potty because it would be nice to have one in other rooms of the house !
 This stool serves its purpose and works great for helping our two young children reach the sink in the bathroom . It seems sturdy enough . I ca n't say I have stood on it myself but if you are only planning on having children use this stool then I think you ca n't go wrong with the value you receive with this product .
 I do n't care if the BABYJORN stool has over 200 excellent reviews . Why would I pay nearly double for something that does the exact same thing ?? This Primo step stool is pretty much perfect . It 's white -LRB- neutral , goes with everything -RRB- , very sturdy , a great height for potty-training and CHEAP . Not to mention safe . The rubber on the feet really grips the tile surface it 's currently on . You can not bend this thing and I doubt you can break it . My daughter dropped it , jumped on it and pretty much did everything BUT use it for the potty the first time I took it out of the box and still not a scratch on it . Now she safely stands on it when she needs to go and can reach the toilet and sink with no issues . There is enough room to stand on it because the width is ideal . I ca n't find a single fault with this stool , and I am usually fairly picky . For this price , you ca n't beat it .
 bought to help potty train my toddler . also bought white foam seat for him ... and so far so good . glad i made this purchase . and it came pretty quick in the mail ... and in great condition .
 I have a 2.5 year old and this proves to be just a little bit short for him to fully reach the sink . It 's very sturdy and has not gotten to dirty to fast .
 I was debating whether to get this step stool or the more expensive Baby Bjorn one . I have no regrets . It 's sturdy and durable , and lightweight for my toddler to pick up and move .
 Does what I bought it for , helps my kids reach the toilet and get onto furniture . My youngest carries it around the house to help him get into things . This is both good and bad . However its not the stools fault he gets into trouble . lol
 My sons loves the stool . He uses it to get on the potty and when he burshes his teeth . It makes my life a littke easier . Ha ha
 I read the reviews on this product before I bought it , and although some of them say this stool is n't that great I bought it anyway , and I am glad I did . This step stool is sturdy and a good size for using to help your little one reach the toilet for potty training . My son is 45 pounds and it seemed to hold him with no trouble , no buckling or denting . One of the reviews I read says that the textured bumps on the surface are painful to stand on , and I have to disagree -LRB- this might be a design change -RRB- the textured bumps are not rough or pokey , they provide a surface that is not slick to stand on . The only downside to this stool is finding a place to store it , but that is a problem you face when you go with a sturdy non-foldable stool .
 It 's a decent stepping stool . My daughter uses it to sit on and to stand on for brushing teeth/washing hands . She has n't ever complained about the bumps on the top but I can see where some would n't appreciate that . I have n't had any issues with it and compared to the other stool that I have this one seems tougher .
 Based on an article we read , we tried this out for use with our son who has eczema . It seems to work pretty well - does n't dry his skin out during his bath . We are already on our second bottle !
 This is great for kids with sensitive skin -- no drying nor rashes nor eczema breakouts . I know it 's pricey , but it 's worth it . Other bubble bath products might produce more/bigger bubbles , but we use this sparingly as it takes very little bubbles to entertain our toddler . This product came within shipping timeframe from seller . Seller is reliable .
 This product is perfectly mild and ideal for sensitive or allergy prone skin . Contrary to some of the other reviews , it bubbles up great into a nice scent free cascade of bubbles . It 's worth the price , which I actually consider a value compared to other products and I expect Little Twig will be a staple in our bathroom from now on .
 Nice bubbles that last as long as the brand-name non-organic ones . Not as drying as California Baby . I would buy again .
 This baby wash smells like orange creamsicles ! Yum ! It is very smooth and rich and I love to use it on my baby at bath time . The packaging is very pretty too , it would make a great gift.I Dream Baby `` Body Wash and Shampoo '' - 7 oz
 I 've ordered this product 2 times now and just placed an order for 2 more . This bubble bath makes a nice amount of bubbles and is n't drying to the skin . I have a 3 year old daughter and we have n't had any issues with infections or irritation with this bubble bath . We tried Cali baby and Burts Bees and did n't like either of those at all . Little Twig gets my vote for the best bubble bath !! The only reason I 'm giving 4 stars and not five is the price . $ 15 for bubble bath is a bit much .
 i have 2yo twins who love using chopsticks , but as a wohm i do n't have the time to endlessly wrap rubber bands around disposable chopsticks to help them . i found these online and they 're great ! even at 2yo , my boys are too old to use the stage # 1 training bridge , but they love using chopsticks just like mommy and daddy and have gotten quite good at feeding themselves bite-size bits of chicken and sticky rice . we 're asian and trust me , these trainers have made my life much easier . to boot , we can adjust the grip of the chopsticks to accomodate their little hands so my kids can really learn technique , and not hold them like little tongs .
 Length :
 I learned to use chopsticks as a young child , because my parents loved to go out for Chinese Food . My mom had these little brackets with rubber bands -LRB- it was the 70s -RRB- that worked fine , but now as a mom , I know they were probably a pain . I got the combi sticks for my 4year old son , who loves them . The palm nub teaches the right form for using chopsticks alone - which he can do a little now . Eating with chopsticks is like holding a pen still and wiggling another pen back and forth next to it . This is what these sticks mimic . Unlike the one piece pinching sticks I 've seen for kids . I 'm ordering some more to keep in the car for last minute trips for Japanese !
 I have a 2 1/2 year-old boy who sucessfully picks up pieces of tofu and meat with this pair of chopsticks . The support mechanism is great . I am Chinese and my husband is Italian . We want our kids to have both heritage . You have to train them when they are little ! I have to get a second pair for my younger son .
 I bought this for my son who is almost 3 years old . He was able to pick up food with the chopsticks right off the bat . He 's still too young to understand how to hold the chopsticks properly but this is a great product . It would be nicer if it came with photo instructions of where the fingers should be situated in relation to the orange-colored gripper .
 Both my children have a pair of these . They are 5yrs and 21 months old . I love being able to eat chinese food without them stealing my chopsticks and stabbing themselves or each other . Great in the dishwasher . They also come apart for different stages of use . Highly recommended !!
 When we eat with chopsticks my daughter loves to use hers ! The thumb rest did n't last long , but is not really needed for the child to use these . Sometimes the two sticks will press together and `` overlap '' but for the most part these work great and are great for daughter 's motor skills .
 I am 25 years old and have been trying on and off for years to master chopsticks . Or rather , to have a novice use of chopsticks in order to get through a Chinese meal without a fork . I 'm a failure . So far , I 'm still using the handgrasp on these chopsticks but I 've only had a chance to use them once . I 've been playing with them and I 'm finally understanding what I 've been doing wrong all these years . I hope I can improve but just so you know , these chopsticks do n't have to be just for kids!EDIT
 I bought these for Christmas presents . My 3 yr old daughter could only use chopsticks to stab food until now . She was able to eat with them the first time she picked them up . They are a great training tool and by removing the attachments can be used in three ways as the child masters the skill . If they make these in adult size I will buy more to give as gifts . I am very happy with purchase and recommend for any child wanting to learn to use chopsticks correctly .
 I got these for my 3 year old because he always wants to try to use my chopsticks and ends up getting frustrated and end up using one to spear his food . This are very easy to use though and help them to learn to really hold a chopstick properly . Would highly recommend . The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is that the shipping cost was more then the cost of the chopsticks which I find a little annoying , but the actual product , I 'd give 5 stars to .
 2 days and my 3-year old is proficient enough to pick up soft -LRB- thin -RRB- tofu.The chopsticks are small enough for little hands , even after they do n't need the orange holder or yellow clip . We bought a second pair for my mother 's house they work so well.Excellent ; they should make these for adults !
 These are great training chopsticks for kids to use . They are n't very big , so not too good for adults . But it can helps kids learn to use chopsticks pretty well !
 I bought these training chopsticks when my son was two years old . He was able to pick up food and eat with them on the very first try . The orange plastic guide piece ensures that the chopsticks are held in the proper position , making the chopsticks an extension of your child 's own fingers . I did n't even have to explain how to use them ! Now , my son -LRB- not Chinese , and only asked to use chopsticks occasionally -RRB- is seven years old and prefers loose chopsticks like the grown-ups use . I credit the fact that he can do this to the Combi trainers . I 've subsequently bought these for his cousins as well.Our two pair have held up very well - no signs of wear . I put them in the top rack of the dishwasher , which is great . You can remove the guide piece for an intermediate level trainer , but the guide had taught him well enough that we went straight from that to adult chopsticks.It is rare that you find a product that is well designed and actually does what it advertises . The Combi trainer chopsticks are definitely one of those rare gems .
 I bought these for my eighteen month old since we use chopsticks a couple times a week and he was always reaching for ours . He loves them , such a great find ! They are a well designed and will continue to grow with him as his skills improve . He has shown no signs of frustration when attempting to eat with them even though they are more difficult than using a spoon or fork . He is so happy to have his very own set of chopsticks . I highly recommend these over any other design .
 My 2 y/o has fun using these chopsticks at the dinner table , and i feel safer than letting her use mine . I learned to use chopsticks in high school , but im glad my kiddo is learning much younger . Best part is that they arrived in 4 days with the free super saver shipping .
 My 3 year old daughter loves to use these chop sticks . She has graduated to just the sticks with the connector -LRB- the orange piece that shows them how to hold it properly comes off easily -RRB- . Great for spaghetti , grapes , you name it !
 My kids love chopsticks . I bought these for Christmas and they look like they 'll help them learn how to properly use them without rubber bands or all the other crazy things my parents did to teach me . I wish they came in other colors but I 'll live . I would recommend these for adults too !
 This is a great product for those with children who are eager to try using chopsticks . Our 2 year old daughter loves it , and uses it to pick up her food , even cheerios and peas !
 A must-have for every new mom -- attachment parent or not . Babies are meant to be close to mom . They have spent the last 9 months snuggled up warmly against mom . They should spend the next 9 months the same way . This sling allows you to do that with your HANDS FREE !
 I can nurse in it , stuff it in the diaper bag and it looks great . The print side works great with jeans and I flip to solid to keep it from being to much with my patterned skirts My 17lbs 3mo loves it in there and Ive even held my 27lbs 2yo -LRB- she wants what baby gets lol -RRB-
 I use this on my daughter every night . I could tell a difference between when I would use it and when I would n't use it . My daughter was less fussy when I would bath her in it . I found that it works really well and worthy the money .
 No tears and the smell stays on my baby forever . I love just sitting on the couch at night with my daughter watching TV after giving her a bath and just inhaling the fragrance from her hair . Too bad I ca n't find this anymore in any of the local stores here in town . I 'm now forced to find it online : - -LRB-
 I really like baby magic . It is really the only bath product I use on my 2 year old . I like that it does n't burn his eyes . I also like the smell . We bath him at night , so the lavender is soothing .
 We love the VentAir system on the whole . With my daughter , the slow flow nipples worked great but with our newborn , they seem Too slow . At the hospital , he was started on the Simulac ready to eat bottles and they are a much faster flow than these so we have problems using these . It takes 20 min for him to eat 1oz . I May have to switch to the fast flow to see how that works for him because the nipples from the ready to eat bottles put a lot of air from the bottom , defeating the purpose of the bottles design
 It was just what my daughter was looking for . She wanted the slow flow nipples for their newborn . Thank you .
 The packaging on one of the items seemed to be old and worn out a bit compared to the other two that I received . But the product was not defective so it still works fine .
 My son is not able to use a medium flow nipple and I could not find anywhere where they only sold the nipple . I was very grateful that I could find some so I did n't have to wash nipples all day long !
 I had already used these nipples and was just ordering extras . These came quickly , and are of good quality . The kind we got said they were `` Stage 1 '' , not `` Slow '' as seems to be described , but they work just the same and my daughter ca n't tell any difference .
 We use ventaire bottles , so we have to have ventaire nipples obviously :-RRB- We used the ventaire bottles with our first son and it worked great , so we are using the same system for our newborn because it is a trusted item in our household .
 This is the perfect flow for my 2 month old twin . The other twin uses Dr Brown 's bottles because of her gas but these bottles and nipples work great as well . Equally great
 I love this system for bottles . The nipples come in different stages . You have a slow flow for newborns so they do n't choke will drinking from the bottle . The bottles themselves are designed so your baby can sit up while eating and produces less gas . I highly recommend this product .
 We got some VentAire bottles at our baby shower , but the nipples provided were fast flow and our newborn could n't keep up . We switched to these , and she loves them . They work great , no problems so far .
 This is a great glider for the price , it went together easy and is very comfortable . We bought this for our new babies room , it looks great in there . Ca n't wait to rock the baby to sleep , he 's due soon : -RRB-
 Very happy with this glider rocker . The fabric is durable , the glider is sturdy and very stable when in motion . Getting in an out of the glider with a sleeping baby is very easy .
 Good quality for money . It is wide , but could be a little wider ... only for breastfeeding purposes . I do n't miss the ottoman . Overall happy with the product .
 Only took 10-20 minutes to assemble with no trouble . I 'm 6 ' 7 '' 240lbs and the chair supports my size and weight very well . I find it to be very comfortable and my wife who is 5 ' 2 '' absolutely loves it .
 I bought the glider and ottoman set mainly because it can be shipped to Hawaii for free and it was the least expensive glider I could find . It 's not as fancy as some of the other gliders out there , buts its definitely nice . It was shipped to us just fine via FedEx or UPS , I ca n't remember . It only took a few days to get to us.If you are looking for no thrills and simple design , this is a great glider .
 This is a great glider . The seat is comfy and wide enough to accomodate my breast friend pillow . Aside from the fact that one of the snaps is a little off so the arm rest cushion on one side is not snapped on the front -LRB- it stays in place just fine -RRB- , assembly was easy . After only a couple days , my baby threw up all over me and the chair . After cleaning us up , I wiped the cushions off and used fabric cleaner to clean them . You ca n't even see where it was and it dried quickly enough to be ready for her next feeding . I highly recommend this chair .
 I was anxious to get this product , thinking it came with the ottoman too ? Nothing in the description to say any different and the picture even shows an ottoman . Once I got it , I emailed the supplier and asked about it . They could do nothing for me . I was a bit disappointed in that . Buyer beware.But , the chair itself is great ! Very comfortable . Good cushioning on the seat and back and sides . No creaking . Color on both the wood and cushions are great ! Very happy . Now I just have to see if I can order the ottoman to go with it ... bummer .
 We 've been using this Glider and Ottoman for about 2 weeks now and we 're very happy with it so far . It has n't squeaked and it 's very comfortable , not to mention it looks really nice . It 's a good size too . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' and alot of the Gliders in this price range that we looked at were very small . I would recommned buying this chair .
 My husband and I fell in love with this chair as it matched the cherry crib and changing table we bought , and was a neutral color . However , the first two chairs we bought were damaged when we opened the box at home and the third chair which was in good shape was missing the screws . My husband had to make 3 sepearate trips to two different stores to get a chair in good shape . We had to call the company to get the missing screws and it took over 10 days to recieve the screws . The chair is now put together and looks great , but be sure to open the box at the store before bringing it home to make sure there is no damage and/or missing parts .
 Overall great transaction . Arrived as advertised . The glider is comfortable ... I wish it reclined back a little more .
 This glider was exactly what she wanted and comfortable too . thank you so much !
 We did a lot of research before buying this chair . We had a yard sale glider for our first child that was rigged with pillows and fell apart , so really anything would have been better , but we knew we 'd be spending a lot of time in it and wanted something comfortable that was n't a forture . Chair was simple to put together and construction is very sturdy . It looks more expensive than it is . The fabric is beige , and I wish it was a bit darker in color - I keep a blanket over the seat to avoid stains . Seat is a bit hard , but it is comfortable and glides smoothly . Chair has held up well for 4 months now . I would recomment this to a friend .
 This is a great glider for the price , it went together easy and is very comfortable . We bought this for our new babies room , it looks great in there . Ca n't wait to rock the baby to sleep , he 's due soon : -RRB-
 Very happy with this glider rocker . The fabric is durable , the glider is sturdy and very stable when in motion . Getting in an out of the glider with a sleeping baby is very easy .
 Good quality for money . It is wide , but could be a little wider ... only for breastfeeding purposes . I do n't miss the ottoman . Overall happy with the product .
 Only took 10-20 minutes to assemble with no trouble . I 'm 6 ' 7 '' 240lbs and the chair supports my size and weight very well . I find it to be very comfortable and my wife who is 5 ' 2 '' absolutely loves it .
 I bought the glider and ottoman set mainly because it can be shipped to Hawaii for free and it was the least expensive glider I could find . It 's not as fancy as some of the other gliders out there , buts its definitely nice . It was shipped to us just fine via FedEx or UPS , I ca n't remember . It only took a few days to get to us.If you are looking for no thrills and simple design , this is a great glider .
 This is a great glider . The seat is comfy and wide enough to accomodate my breast friend pillow . Aside from the fact that one of the snaps is a little off so the arm rest cushion on one side is not snapped on the front -LRB- it stays in place just fine -RRB- , assembly was easy . After only a couple days , my baby threw up all over me and the chair . After cleaning us up , I wiped the cushions off and used fabric cleaner to clean them . You ca n't even see where it was and it dried quickly enough to be ready for her next feeding . I highly recommend this chair .
 I was anxious to get this product , thinking it came with the ottoman too ? Nothing in the description to say any different and the picture even shows an ottoman . Once I got it , I emailed the supplier and asked about it . They could do nothing for me . I was a bit disappointed in that . Buyer beware.But , the chair itself is great ! Very comfortable . Good cushioning on the seat and back and sides . No creaking . Color on both the wood and cushions are great ! Very happy . Now I just have to see if I can order the ottoman to go with it ... bummer .
 We 've been using this Glider and Ottoman for about 2 weeks now and we 're very happy with it so far . It has n't squeaked and it 's very comfortable , not to mention it looks really nice . It 's a good size too . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' and alot of the Gliders in this price range that we looked at were very small . I would recommned buying this chair .
 My husband and I fell in love with this chair as it matched the cherry crib and changing table we bought , and was a neutral color . However , the first two chairs we bought were damaged when we opened the box at home and the third chair which was in good shape was missing the screws . My husband had to make 3 sepearate trips to two different stores to get a chair in good shape . We had to call the company to get the missing screws and it took over 10 days to recieve the screws . The chair is now put together and looks great , but be sure to open the box at the store before bringing it home to make sure there is no damage and/or missing parts .
 Overall great transaction . Arrived as advertised . The glider is comfortable ... I wish it reclined back a little more .
 This glider was exactly what she wanted and comfortable too . thank you so much !
 We did a lot of research before buying this chair . We had a yard sale glider for our first child that was rigged with pillows and fell apart , so really anything would have been better , but we knew we 'd be spending a lot of time in it and wanted something comfortable that was n't a forture . Chair was simple to put together and construction is very sturdy . It looks more expensive than it is . The fabric is beige , and I wish it was a bit darker in color - I keep a blanket over the seat to avoid stains . Seat is a bit hard , but it is comfortable and glides smoothly . Chair has held up well for 4 months now . I would recomment this to a friend .
 This product is definately worth every penny I spent on it . My daughter lays in it everyday and seems to enjoy it . It sure helps out when you feel like your arms are ready to fall off after constant carrying . I got this boucer when my daughter was only a few weeks old and now she 's 5 months and still loving it . The material on the edge of the bouncer is nice and soft . I 'm not really sure what the material inside is but I have n't had any problems cleaning it.As far as the other features go , my wife and I have not really used them all to much so I can not give an acurate review on them.The only problem some may have is if you live in a hotter climate . My daughter gets all sweatty when laying in the bouncer for even a short time on a hot day . I suppose this may be a good thing if you live somewhere cold but here in Hawaii it sometimes leads to a fussy little princess .
 My baby loves this bouncer ! She sits , sleeps , and plays in it . When she was a newborn , she slept in it while the bouncing mode was on , for four to five hours at a time . Now , at two months , she sits in while watching mommie clean the house and does n't put up a fuss . There are musical features on this , but I do n't use it . The bouncer can adjust from a sleeping position to a sitting position . AND it 's worth the money I spent on it .
 I received this as a gift and love it . The materials are very soft and the whole thing is very pretty . It is not too loud .
 Awesome chair , quick effortless and uncomplicated assembly as explained by my husband , and glides to perfection ! And most importantly , our baby boy loves to rock from hours on end , a soothing addition to his evening ritual !
 I bought this item when Amazon had it for just $ 129 -- I think the price has gone up since then . I have to say it was an amazing value for the price . I ca n't imagine the very expensive gliders and ottomans would be that much more comfortable to justify the price . We needed it for temporary use so it served our purposes just fine . The neutral colors are also great and will match most furniture sets . Highly recommended !
 I love that this glider set is inexpensive and still good quality . I tried other rockers in stores and was blown away by the price ! This is a great glider , looks expensive and is very comfortable . I used it towards the end of my pregnancy because I have a very soft couch -LRB- to a fault -RRB- and it was hard for me to get off of it . This chair is firm , but not too firm . I weighed 150 at the end of my pregnancy and it was still comfy to me .
 This chair is great for what I paid for it ! It was easy to assemble , it is comfortable for short periods of time -LRB- under an hour -RRB- and it glides very comfortably . The white paint is bright white and the beige is a nice khaki beige . It will be the perfect rocking chair for our little one when he/she arrives . I did not give it five stars because it is a little on the small side , stunk to high heaven for days when we got it , and is not terribly comfortable to sit in for extended periods of time -LRB- over an hour -RRB- . Other than that it is great .
 I do n't know what I would have done without this glider . It 's super comfortable . I like to sit on it with my son on my lap and I rock him to sleep . Very comfortable , and well made . It 's sturdy . It also helped alot while I was pregnant . I would put my feet up and sometimes fall asleep in it . I highly recommend it .
 My husband like too , he even wants to buy one for his mom . Every time I set on this chair , I fall to sleep , have n't use for baby yet , but I feel good . 5 star .
 Read the title , this product is exactly what we wanted and what we were looking for . Would buy again . I
 This was a gift for my daughter who is pregnant . She loved it and it arrived exactly the day it said it would .
 the chair is good looking and comfortable . The problem is it makes a little noise from the first time.Easy assembly also -LRB- everything included -RRB-
 Being a new parent my wife was looking for a glider . Went to babies r us and their chairs were gong for 300-500 . I decided to check on amazon and found this chair with fairly good reviews . For the price I would recommend this . One knock on this chair would be that I did find the cushion to be uncomfortable after sitting on it for more than 20 minutes . But like I said , for the price I can deal with it .
 I 've owned and used this glider for a little over a year . It was easy to put together even when very pregnant . It has been comfortable for a basic cushioned glider and ottoman set . The pouches on side have been handy for keeping burp cloths and favorite bedtime stories close by . We have n't experienced any squeaks or other annoying noises developing with use . It still glides quietly after a year of daily use . I do notice that the bottom cushion is n't very thick which can be hard on the bum after sitting extended duration for feeding/rocking/reading . The bottom cushion will probably need to be replaced if we plan to continue use with another child .
 This rocking chair is beautiful , sturdy and assembled quickly . The sides of the arms have pockets which I am using to put burping cloths and blankets . Better than I expected for sure !
 I was a bit skeptical , based upon other users ripping on this glider . However , I can tell you that I have no squeaking issues , whatsoever , and it has been used multiple times per day for the last 4 + months . I checked the hardware , when it initially arrived and high quality definitely does not come immediately to mind . The wood and fabric is fine , but the glider hardware has been cheaped-out on -LRB- duh , what else would you expect in this price range ?! -RRB- . What I did was disassemble the glider and ottoman and repack the bearings and it has been smooth sailing the whole time .
 I love this glider for my grandchildren and for myself to relax in . I love to lounge in it and put my feet up . It is comfy enough to fall asleep . Easy to assemble and great price !!
 I bought this glider as a gift for my wife and she absolutely liked it ! It is very comfy and relaxing !
 This is a great chair , especially for the price ! It was very easy to put together and is very sturdy . The cushions are really thick and it is really comfortable . We priced these chairs around and this one was at least $ 50 cheaper and in my opinion a higher quality than others we found at leading chain stores . We are very , very happy with this purchase .
 Quick delivery , quick and easy set up -LRB- put it together by myself while also keeping an eye on my 2 toddlers -RRB- , looks great and feels wonderful !! I 'm very pleased .
 This product arrived faster than expected , and has worked out wonderfully . It came mostly pre-assembled , which was nice , as I only had to attach the back , and cushioning . GREAT BUY !
 I purchased this chair/ottoman set for my grandson 's nursery and his parents absolutely love it ! Not to mention the rest of us when we visit . I highly recommend this set .
 This chair was a Christmas gift for my mother . It was exactly what she wanted . It was easy to assemble and is comfortable for her to sit in as well as get up from as she has arthritis . She especially liked the pockets on the side so she can store her remote and other items she might want to use while in the chair . The price is very reasonable as well . Now I want one !
 Our ` Stork Craft Hoop Glider and Ottoman Set , Natural/Blue ' has been in use now for 6 + months . It was delivered promptly and mostly assembled , which is different then how most Stork Craft products arrive . We purchased this style to match the existing wood pattern of our son 's nursery . The blue was n't our top pick but lower pricing prevailed.NO noise from it after 6 + months of use ! It 's comfortable but not something to fall asleep in because the back does n't rise high enough . This would be the only thing I would consider if I were you - are you the type that falls asleep a lot with the baby or just there long enough to get the baby to sleep ? Anyway , no issues with the fabric , no stains to test it but no worn spots either so it appears durable.Chances are great you 're reviewing this for a nursery type setup . YES , I recommend this product . It need not be overly fashionable because you wo n't need it long term . Good luck !
 I bought this chair set when I was pregnant . I find it is very comfort for a pregnant woman and a breast-feeding mom .
 i bought this for my mom and she just loves it and shipping was great too ! she was excited it came with side pockets for tv guide , remote , crochet hooks .
 I 've been wanting a rocker/glider for ages and this was perfect . It arrived quickly , in good condition and was fairly simple to put together . The only difficulty was in getting the snaps on the arm covers to completely ` lock . ' It 's smooth and quiet , perfect for sitting in to watch TV , read or knit . My cats love it also . I sit down , put my feet up and they climb on for a snooze . Happiness all around .
 Received it three days ago . It arrived one day later then promised and smells very strong of new paint so i recommend ordering this ahead of time so you can air it for a few days before putting it in the nursery . The assembly is very easy-I 'm 9 month pregnant and i did it by myself in 10 minutes , just 12 screws with an Elen so you do n't even need tools.The movement is very soothing and fun but the bottom pillow feels a lot harder then i thought and i 'm not sure it would be comfortable right after the delivery -LRB- without getting into too many intimate details ... -RRB- . All in all great quality for a great price so far . Oh , one other thing - the screws for the Ottoman were in a different bag attached to one of the pillows which i almost threw away without noticing and then spent an hour trying to find them thinking they forgot to put them in . *** had it for 5 months now . still works great . no squeaking sounds . As to the cushions - even with after-birth stitches the seat felt good and did n't bother me . My 3.5 year old rocks his 5 months old brother on this chair : -RRB-
 I love this chair . I bought it with the sole intention of rocking my new baby girl to sleep . It just so happens to make me so comfy and relaxed as well . It was easy to assemble -LRB- I could n't wait for my husband to get home and I assembled it by myself while 8 months pregnant -RRB- . It came quickly as well . I expected it later in the week and it came within two days . I am highly satisfied with this product and this website .
 I had my hesitation on a product with this type of price but when it came and after assembly was complete I am impressed by the comfort and quality of the glider . Assembly was simple using only the included allen wrench . It was comfortable enough that I was falling asleep in it while testing it out . The espresso finish blends great with the other espresso furniture in our baby room . I 'm happy and satisfied with the purchase .
 I got this glider as a baby shower gift . Of all the baby things this glider has proved to be the most essential -LRB- after diapers of course !!! :-RRB- -RRB- I have a 4 month old and we have been practically living on this glider :-RRB- do n't know what I would do without it !!! Have used it extensively for 4 months with no issues . Love this product .
 We ordered this to help with our newborn . This is very easy to assemble , very comfortable to rock , feed and burp the baby . We use it to watch tv too and it is great for its price .
 Not only impressive , but a very comfortable Stork Craft Hoop Glider & Ottoman Set . Espresso/Beige . Some of the complaints here mention the wood possibly splitting or breaking after a few months of use . I have n't experienced this . I tend to be very patient and fragile with these kind of chairs though . I 've also not experienced any usual creaking sounds either . Just be careful how you use it and you should be fine .
 Pros - Sturdy , easy to assemble , works great , good product for the priceCons - Sometime makes tick tick noise while gliding so it disturbs the baby . Material is not stain resistant hence while feeding the baby , I need to ber very careful coz milk spills leaves stains .
 I researched gliders forever online before I finally made the decision to buy this one . I got it when it was on sale with free shipping and thought I would take a chance . It came and was so easy to put together -LRB- 8 1/2 months pregnant -RRB- . There were literally only 8 screws to put in . The base and ottoman come pre-assembled . It took us no longer than 15 minutes to have it all together and ready to go.The wood looks very nice -LRB- we got it in cherry -RRB- , The seat is comfortable for both me and my husband -LRB- I 'm super pregnant , 5ft 9in tall , he 's 6ft 4in tall , 250 lbs -RRB- . I have not had a chance to use it with the baby yet , but I 've used it several times so far and there seem to be no problems . There will be plenty of room to nurse and I ca n't wait to use it next month!I am very satisfied , and will post an update if anything changes .
 I bought this for my wife for rocking the born baby . We -LRB- she mostly -RRB- have been using the chair in the babies room for almost a year . It is very comfortable and the pockets on the side are great for storing magazines , remote controls etc. . It took about five minutes to assemble , very simple . I picked it mostly for price but have been very please with the quality and comfort .
 After reading reviews I was really hesitant to buy this . I sat in a different Storkcraft model at Babies R Us and loved it , but the reviews made me worry that it would fall apart after very little use . However , with everything else we had to buy , it was this glider or nothing . I 'm happy to say that my son is now 4 months old and I have no complaints . I used the glider for all of our overnight feedings the first two months , and now that he sleeps through the night we 've been using the glider for reading stories throughout the day and the occasional pre-nap feeding . No squeaking , no rattling , totally sturdy . The cushion is n't the most comfortable , but I can easily sit on an extra pillow if I need to . The glider looks sleek as well . The material on the cushions is a little cheap , but again , for the price it completely meets my expectations . There is absolutely nothing wrong with this glider for the price . I 'm glad we got it .
 My daughter is now 16 months old and we 've had this chair since we brought her home from the hospital . I use it everyday at least twice . It is so comfortable . It 's also easy to clean . I like the finish of the wood and the cushions are very durable . it matched her nursery furniture perfectly too .
 I ordered two at one time and put them both together and one of them broke the first time someone sat in it . I sent it back and Amazon promptly sent me another . The replacement has been flawless .
 Great price and easy to assemble . I love sitting in my glider . The color is slightly greener than sage ... kind of like a minty lime , but I like it better anyway .
 I bought this for my daughter who was expecting her first baby . The baby came 3 weeks early so at this time she has had an opportunity to try out the chair . She is very pleased . I did give it a try before the baby was born and found it pretty comfy . I actually considered ordering one for myself just for relaxing . I strongly considered buying one of the expensive ones but found it hard to justify when all of the reviews for this one was really good . I was told that it was easy to put together and I found the shipping time really incredible . It was delivered within about 2 days . I certainly hope that the chair holds up over time as that was my biggest concerns .
 This set is great in many ways . You ca n't beat the value for the price - cushions are soft , glides very easily . Set-up / installation is very easy - note that the arms are labled as facing , not as seated . I did notice , however , that there is not a lot of extra room in the chair . The side pockets will be very handy for quick storage and easy access for many things - they are roomy . I am small -LRB- 5 ft -RRB- , so it is not a problem for me , but my 6 ft husband has just enough room -LRB- minus baby -RRB- . Also , there is not a lot of extra lower back support , so I would suggest a small pillow for that extra support , if desired .
 I love my new chair and ottoman . It 's very good quality and fits perfect in my newly remodeled living room !
 This glider is great ! Super easy to put together and very comfy ! I have a small pillow for extra back support which really has me so comfy that I am able to easily stop for a snooze ! The chair rocks so easily ... I love it ! It is a great buy with a great price tag ! Sturdy , easy to put together , and COMFY !!! You will be happy to have this in your home !
 great rocker , very quiet.purchased for a new mother ... the cushions could be more firm and there is n't much lumbar support at all . but is is built pretty well and came mostly assembled . probably had it put together in less time than it took to open all the packaging .
 You can spend a thousand dollars on a glider , if you want ... but you do n't have to . This one works well , and is a fraction of the price . We 've been using ours non-stop for five months -- I sit in it for HOURS every day -- and it 's held up well . No squeaks or loose screws , etc. and it was easy to assemble ; my DH did it in about 20 minutes.Yes , the seat cushion is a bit thin , but I added a basic foam seat cushion -LRB- $ 1 from IKEA -RRB- on top , and now it 's quite comfortable , even when I 'm up with baby in the middle of the night . I was also able to use this chair with a breast-feeding pillow.My only real complaint is that the arm padding does n't cover the whole chair arm . At the very front , about one-half inch of the wood frame is exposed , which makes me worry about bumping baby 's head against it . My fix for this problem was simple
 The shipping was even faster than expected -LRB- I have Amazon Prime and get free 2 day shipping - got it overnight ! -RRB- . Overall a great product for the value as far as I can tell . I can imagine the seat itself might get uncomfy if sat in for too long but we 'll cross that bridge if and when we come to it . Otherwise , it was pretty simple to put together and looks great with the other cherry furniture I got for the baby 's room . The match is perfect even though I did n't get the items at the same store . Looks great and the fabric is beautiful .
 I bought this chair for our babys room . The shipping was super fast and the chair arrived in perfect shape . The color was alitle lighter than it looked in the picture but i would still give it a 10 . It only took me and my 2 year old son about 15 minutes to put together , it was very easy . On top of being beautiful it looks very high class and expensive . It it also VERY comfortable . If you are buying it for a babys room it is perfect for all that time you will be spending in it . The fabric is very easy to clean . When you get something on it just wipe it off with a wet rag and it is gone ! I hope this helped ! A + + + +
 This glider is very comfortable and I would definitely recommend it . We are getting ready for our first baby and we use it everyday for ourselves and the baby is n't even here yet !
 I love the glider and the ottoman . Took vey little effort to assemble , except that two of the snaps on the left arm cover were warped . My husband drilled and attached them with screws so I could use it right away . Funny instructions on the arms , as the right arm was labeled as left , and left arm was labeled as right . Obvious with the assembly though . Getting lots of compliments on it , and most people want to sit in it as opposed to the sofa or loveseat !
 If you are looking for a better chair you will find one , but you wo n't find a better chair at this price point .
 The glider and ottoman is what I expected to get . Was easy to set up and it is very comfortable !!
 My husband and I ordered the natural/blue rocker and we ca n't stop raving about it to everyone . It 's incredibly easy to assemble . Took my husband about 10 minutes and he is the least &#34; handy &#34; person I know . It does n't squeak and rocks smoothly . The color of the blue is just a tad bit darker than the picture but it 's still a very beautiful , light , airy color . It fits the theme of our nursery perfectly .
 I 've had this glider previously for over 3 years and no problems with squeaks . I purchased another for my sister who is due soon . This review is for all the other people who left feedback about the squeaking . As soon as received my first glider , i oiled ALL the bushings and movinvg parts . And kept oiling them throughout the years . I 'm being proactive and taking apart my sister 's and applying grease to the metal and bushings . If you research the $ 400 + gliders , they 're made of the same material and bushings and squeak as well . So the way i see it , $ 100 glider or $ 400 glider , you make the choice . Oh , and do n't forget , OIL YOUR CHAIR !!!
 Length :
 I picked up this glider set for $ 139 during Black Friday week . It arrived in 2 days -LRB- thanks , Prime ! -RRB- and ran into 3 problems putting it together . First , the arm rests are labeled Right and Left . They were mislabeled . Not a big deal , it 's easy to figure that one out . There are n't many pieces to it , but the screw that holds the Right arm rest to the back of the chair would not go into the nut that fit inside the arm rest and I ended up stripping it . It worked out ok by tightening the other arm rest screws that went into the bottom of the chair . The other problem was the right side arm rest padding that snap buttons into the bottom of the chair keeps popping open . Maybe the material will stretch out a bit with more use . Having said that , it 's a GREAT chair for the price I bought it at . Very relaxing , no noises , glides easily and I would recommend it as a BUY .
 What a nightmare it was to try to find a glider that was under 300 bucks brand new ... thank goodness for amazon . This glider has the most comfortable back cushion I 've ever felt on a glider , and it will match with a multitude of nursery 's . I am 5 ' 4 and 140 lbs post partem , and I fit perfectly in this . My husband is 5 '10 and about 180 and he 's also very comfortable in it . I read the reviews about the seat cushion being uncomfortable before purchasing it and after a month of using it lightly , I have no problems with it . I guess it could be more comfortable in the seat , but for the price I 'm not complaining . My husband put it together but apparently it was pretty easy to assemble . The color matches dark brown furniture , I did n't really think it was ` cherry ' at all , but my nursery is also pretty dimly lit .
 I really love it ... wish it reclined , but for that price it 's so worth it !
 It was only a five step instructions , beautiful espresso finish . Just got it this morning , so far so good .
 I think the chair is good for what you pay for . The wood color is a little darker than I expected but it still is a nice fit for our little girls room . The back cushion is comfy and the storage pouches on the side of the arms are nice . I am still waiting to use it for late night feedings with the little one when she gets here . So , hopefully it works out great . I would recommend this chair .
 I bought this when I was expecing my first baby . He is 9 months old and we still use it when he gets up at night . My son loves rosking on it and falls asleep very easily on this.The seat cushions could use some more ` cushion ' but they are not bad .
 Received product early . Was well protected in its ' package . Assembly was easy.The quality was great . It looked like it cost more than it did . And , we all lovedit ! Very , very , satisfied !!!
 I received this chair and it was in great shape . It did n't take long for me to set it up , 20 minutes or so , and every since I have been rocking my son to sleep . It was a great purchase .
 I purchased the Stork Craft Hoop Glider just prior to the birth of my daughter after looking for a glider in the same price range locally . While it 's not the best glider in the world , it 's also not $ 300 - $ 400 so it might well be the best for the price.I opted for the cherry and beige model with the chenille fabric -LRB- the rest are microfiber -RRB- . Installation was a cinch . The ottoman comes preassembled , and the chair itself was very easy to put together . I 'm neither the most talented nor the most patient furniture assembler , so I 'm glad it only took about 20 minutes to have it ready for mommy and baby . I doubt it would take anyone much longer than that , it 's that easy . Before I ordered it I was a little bit worried that if might be of a bad build quality and feel weak , but it 's as sturdy as any model I checked out.The gliding motion is smooth and natural , and my wife uses it daily for nursing and I make use of it when it 's my turn to rock or feed the little one . Overall it 's comfortable enough , although the seat pad gets a bit uncomfortable when you 're sitting for an extended period of time . I wish that they would have made the seat cushion thicker and a bit softer , but that 's my only major complaint , and even at that , it 's nowhere near enough to make me regret buying the Stork Craft glider.This is n't the best glider out there , but for the money , you could do a lot worse -LRB- or spend a lot more to get one that is n't much better -RRB- . If you 're on a budget and looking for a glider that will do the job but not break the bank , I heartily recommend this one .
 The chair arrived in good condition . There was a snap on the chair cushion that is defetive . WE worked on it and got it to hold . The glider works just fine . WE were happy with the purchase for the money .
 I like this rocker it is comfy and my husband put it together fairly easy it only took him 20 minutes . The ottaman had a small mark on it but I do n't need it perfect and it is hardley if at all noticable . that is the onlyt reason it did n't get a 5 star .
 I was hesitant after reading all of the reviews , but I thought I 'd try it because the price was right . While the construction of it made me a little nervous , it has been comfortable and dependable . I spend many a nights with my daughter in this glider ; we read books in it , rock , and feed in it . It has been great and was worth the try !
 Bought this Glider and ottoman set in the last month of my pregnancy , took us less than an hour to assemble it from end to end . . its looks royal after assembly , the looks and colors are very much better than what it looks like in the picture . . in terms of comfort its just the thing you would need when you have a cranky little one in your arms . . I always thought I would n't really need a glider , but trust me its the absolute bliss for those long restless nights when your little one just wo n't let go of your arms . . Now my little one can rest in my arms and so can I. . I ca n't thank it enough for the back and neck support it provides when you just ca n't seem to make sense out of anything . . an absolute must for every nursery . . I rate it 5 stars as there 's not a cons I have seen in last 2 months of nursing ...
 Just moved into a much larger place and needed something to fill an empty space - this was just the right color , right size at the right time.Delivery was , amazingly , 2 days earlier than expected.It actually looks just like the picture ! !
 Comfortable , sturdy . I really like the padding on the arm rest . Great price , great quality !
 i was going to order a white one but liked the denim one better , but didnt notice the 30 dollar diference , till it was to late , then i tried to cancle it the next day , but they gave me no option , but it was a done deal , that it had been shipped , so i checked on it threw fed-x , no such order !!!! that was just the first lie . then it took 10 days to get here , i live in chattanooga ten , 5 miles from a million sq foot facility , and then found out they shipped it from a third party in the state of washington . so they also gave out my credit card number , i wont do bussines with them again , for 5 yrs , thats there fiscal punishment for the lies and deset . i buy a lot , im retired , and have time to look for a good deal , BUT will only deal with honest company 's . i tried to reason with them for several day 's . over a chair they will lose about , 150.000 dollars in sales over a 5 yr period . probally even more having 2 new grandchildren , if i wouldnt get in trouble i would of took it out to there entrance and burned it , and bought one at wal mart .
 I ordered this set to nurse my son , who was born three weeks ago . We have spent a lot time on the glider and ottoman set and really love it . The set is absolutely comfortable , and it does n't make ANY noise at all when rocking . Also , they are not bulky and fit nicely in our bedroom .
 This was a must for my nursery . Chair and ottoman are so comfy ! I will be using again for our second baby .
 This glider was very easy to put together . The ottoman was came assembled , so that was even better . The wood dents and scratches a bit easy , but not too bad . The fabric was a little more rough than I though -LRB- texture wise -RRB- , but it 's still comfortable . The arm covers/cushions were a bit hard to snap on . Other than that I would reccomend this chair to anyone . My daughter loves falling asleep while I rock her in it .
 I bought this glider after finding the same model at two other retailers more expensive . It depends on what you are looking for , if you want plush seat cushions for your glider then you may be disappointed so I would recommend testing something out before buying . Also , I am 5 ' 9 '' and smaller body frame and the glider is comfortable but it 's definitely gets a little snug in overall size so keep this in mind when purchasing if you prefer more room to stretch out in the seat . In this case this was exactly what I personally wanted because it 's firm and I did not want anything too pillow like so I prevent passing out in it as much as possible -LRB- hopefully -RRB- . This glider is definitely the correct quality for the price . Note
 I bought this last year when I was pregnant . I have had it over a year now and it is still in great shape . It is not the most cushy chair out there -LRB- I had to add a thin pillow -RRB- but for the price it is very much worth it . My husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and 275lbs sits in it all the time and we have had not problems with it !
 Bought this for my daughter . She is going to have her first little one in Sep. . She loved it . I have ordered a second one for my house . Would have given it a 5 but the bottom cushion is a little thin for me . Easy fix since it is detachable .
 easi to set up comfortable but at the same time it supports your back and I love to rock my baby to sleep in it while I sing lullaby for her I love my Stork Craft Hoop Glider and Ottoman Set ,
 Heaven in a chair . I love this chair for middle of the night feedings . This chair is far superior to any rocking chair I 've ever sat in .
 My husband got this glider for me , it is really nice , the height is correct for a 5 ' 5 '' person not too low or high . I guess I can hold the baby and get up easily without any support -LRB- most of the gliders wont let you get up easily , you need to support with your hand -RRB- . The back cushion is good and supportive , I really love this but the only drawback is the seat cushion , it is kinda hard and if you wannna sit for more than 1 hr then you will know the pain . I 'm planning to get some nicer cushion to put on top of this . Overall worth full .
 This chair is a good value . While it 's not top of the line and lacks options like a reclining back or angled foot rest , it feels sturdy , is comfortable to sit in , and looks just as nice as some of the more expensive chairs that we looked at . If you 're not too picky , I would recommend it as a great way to save on all the new baby gear that you will be needing .
 We bought this glider & ottoman for our nursery & have n't been disappointed . Assembly was relatively straightforward , and it has n't started squeaking in the 6 months we 've used it . A good chair for nursing & baby care .
 I purchased this glider when my daughter was about 8 months old . I has been a great addition to the room . It has been a great product for the price .
 Great chair for the awesome price . Holds good weight too . Wish the cushione were dark for keeping clean appearance but still love it .
 its a pretty basic slider , installation was real easy . i bought it for $ 125 brand new on amazon , much better than buying similar sliders at babies r ` us for twice that . i havent used it much yet , as my wife hasnt given birth yet , but so far no complaints .
 I was contemplating on buying this chair for a while . I decided to buy it since I got it through the Amazon Warehouse deals for only $ 110 . It is definately a ` cheap ' chair . The cushions are itchy on my skin , but I just put a blanket over it to solve that problem . The chair works fine and I do n't plan on sitting in it for very long except to feed my baby . It also matches the nursery furniture exactly so I was very pleased with that . It was very easy to put together - took about 15 minutes . I read some reviews that the chair squeeks - I do n't have that problem , but then again , I only sit in it for a short period of time . But I also read a review that it was making a ` clicking ' noise - I noticed that with my chair when I was doing a full swing in the chair - if you are just gently gliding then it does n't make any noise . I would recommend this chair if you want something affordable and to sit in for a short period of time .
 My husband bought this when i was pregnant , it helped to relax well on this rocker . After delivery of the baby , it serves best for me and my son while i rock him to sleep . I would strongly recommend this . `` A must have '' i would say .
 This is a quality product at a great price . My daughter-in-law loves this new rocker/glider for his new baby .
 I purchased this item on the Thanks giving weekend . It is very nice and i am satisfied with the purchase .
 This glider is comfortable and very attractive . I will update the review after we have used it more -LRB- baby is n't here yet ! -RRB- but it is comfortable so far and amazon sent it very quickly . All other retailers had it on backorder at the time , but amazon not only was the cheapest , but we got it in 3 days.Great buy - definitely recommended !
 Well the chair I got does look exactly like the one in the picture but as far as I am concerned I did not get what I ordered . It says , `` Beige Corduroy '' in the description . The fabric is not corduroy in any way , shape , or form . It 's some sort of mircosuede . Still a nice chair , just not what I expected to get when it specifically says `` Corduroy '' in the name of the product . Did the definition of corduroy change ?
 It might be a premature review as our baby has n't arrived yet but we made this purchase with the idea of rocking our child to sleep during the wee hours of the night ! So far my wife & I are enjoying the Stork Craft Hoop Glider and Ottoman as it is comfortable and found it for the best price at Amazon !
 My son is 6 ' 2 '' , my daughter-in-law is 5 ft. and grandma is 5 ' 9 '' and it 's comfortable for all of us . We looked at a lot of furniture and this type of nursery rocker is very affordable , easy to put together and comfortable . The cushion needed a little extra padding as we spend a lot of time rocking and feeding my grandson in it but that is the only downfall and was an easy fix .
 this chair is great ! I was more than pleased , easy to assemble and FREE SHIPPING !!! Amazon can not be beat on this deal .
 This glider is awesome -- especially considering the price . The quality is comparable to gliders 2-3x the cost of this one sold at major baby retailers . It glides quietly and smoothly . The espresso color I got matches the espresso color of a completely different brand of crib + dresser I purchased making this glider a perfect and functional complement to the nursery . I have no issues with the padding -- I think they are both soft . My wife and I are not too tall , 5 ' 3 and 5 ' 7 so this glider is perfect for us . However , I could see the glider being a little tight for someone 6 ' + . Shipping was quick -LRB- as always with Amazon -RRB- . I was surprised at how small the box was but everything was there . The ottoman requires no assembly -- just some shrinkwrap that was a little bit of a pain to remove . The glider itself was a cinch to assemble . Took about 15 minutes.Overall , like I said , this glider is awesome . I would n't be able to tell the difference if you put this alongside a glider that cost 2-3x the price at any of the major retailers .
 We 're very happy with the glider and ottoman . We bought the espresso with beige microfiber to use in our baby 's nursery . It was not hard to put together , and it looks great with the other furniture . It 's a great deal for the money . The only reason I would n't give it a 5 is you can tell it wo n't last FOREVER , but will get us through a number of years in the baby 's room
 Compared to similar gliders , this was a fantastic value . Paying roughly $ 160 with shipping included is a deal that really ca n't be beat . However , with such a great price comes sacrifice and in this case it 's comfort . The chair looks very pretty and was assembled in less than 20 minutes , so I was very happy with that . The bummer is that the cushion is on the hard side like most reviewers stated . The glider works perfectly , is quiet , and aesthetically pleasing , so I 'll suck it up and buy an extra pad to sit on . Hopefully that will make it a 5 star product .
 My husband and I looked many places for the glider and ottoman and decided to buy this in the end . We did n't want to spend too much money and wanted something comfortable and durable . For the price , we thought this was a great deal . It was very easy to assemble . As other reviews mentioned , the seat cushion is very thin but overall this chair is very comfortable . If you will be using this glider a lot then I would recommend something that has better cushion . I only use the glider at night to rock my 6mo old to sleep .
 Very elegant looking glider and ottoman . VERY easy to assemble even for the mechanically challenged like my husband . Bottom seat cushion could be more comfortable but the back cushion is very supportive . Overall a good buy for the money would definitely recommend to friends and family in the market for an inexpensive glider and ottoman .
 Being 8 months pregnant , I could n't have asked for an easier assembly ... Super fast and I did it all by myself . The chair is comfy and way affordable . Love it and definitely recommend it !
 Very good , but could be a little deeper for normal adult . Would also have preferred a different color .
 I would recommend this chair but if you want luxury you may want to pass.What we like : - Quick , easy assemble in ten minutes-Nice true cherry color matches other pieces well-Neutral cushions match any decor-Back cushion is very comfortable-Ottoman is included and is great for tired feet-Side pockets are roomy and convenient-The price is rightDislikes : - Chair back creaks when rocking-Seat cushion is not comfy and is thin , might as well sit right on the wood
 This glider/ottoman is a great value and very easy to put together . The fabric is also soft and cozy .
 I like this glider and ottoman , it was easy for my hubby to put together and came when it was supposed to . I think baby and I will enjoy it .
 Excellent item , seller shipped quickly and in great condition , easy to assemble . We love it . Thank you .
 i cant wait for the baby to arrive , i find myself sitting in it and rocking just to see what it will be like .
 I Love this chair ... I was nervous about getting a glider but let me tell you this glider is super comfortable ! I do not regret buying it !
 One of the best purchases as being a new mom , it helps soothe the baby and rock her to sleep !! It also helps me relax .
 This rocker is super easy to put together and the ottoman already comes assembled . All you have to do is put the back rest and arm rests on ! And it 's very comfortable ! It even has a pocket on each side to store things !
 This product has done it 's job for us , it 's a great deal!Many of the reviewers complaining about it breaking must be heavier people and it may not handle that.Like anything you will hear bad stuff , but think of the factors that could contribute to it .
 Bought this chair about a month ago . We wanted something that would last , but not pay $ 300 for a chair that would be very comparable . So far liked the chair we use it almost everyday . The width of the chair is a bit small , but you fit pretty comfortably -LRB- 8 months pregnant -RRB- . The height is ok for a 5.6 '' and 6.2 '' , my head fits to the top and obviously his head goes way over.Squeaks slightly at the top , but nothing to wake the baby . All in all , comfortable chair . Would recommend for the price .
 We have only had it for about a week , and so far it seems to be a good glider . I am 6 ' tall , 280 pounds , and it feels perfectly sturdy when I sit on it . As others have mentioned , the seat cushion is thin and hard , so we might have to get some other seat cushion for it or just put down a throw pillow to sit on . Our baby is due in July and I expect it to get a lot more use after that , so I will come back and change my review if my opinion changes . For now , it gets four stars because of the thin seat cushion .
 I 'm not actually reviewing this purchase since I just made it . I was wondering , did anyone else who bought it get `` told '' after checkout that the item usually ships in 1 to 4 months ? I bought this for my baby 's nursery and am due July 9th . I 'm a little worried it wo n't be here on time ! If you did get the message about shipping time , was it true or did it ship much faster than that ?
 Very little assembly required compared to the other nursery items that I purchased and it works great!Buy this Product if you 're considering it !
 This is pretty great for the price . I could spend most of the day in it . I often fall asleep in it
 Comfortable in spite of cushions flattening due to constant use . It does creak in one area which I do n't like when I 'm trying to rock the baby . Unfortunately , the beige material can and does get dirty .
 I had to put this together on Christmas Eve , and thought it would take all night . It only took about 20 minutes , and was easy . My wife loves it . It is a little small , but so is my wife . Overall , great value !
 Assembly was a breeze and took less than 15 min . So far looks very good . After usage will know the durability .
 This set is easy to assemble and comfortable to use . I like it because it does not make a noise when it glides and the cushion on the chair on ottoman is comfortable . The covers on the handle are good and the back rest is comfortable as well . The wood on this set is also high-quality and cleanly cut . The chair is not heavy to lift or move . I would recommend this set to anyone & everyone .
 A bit narrow for putting a buppy for breastfeeding but I enjoy it still . I push the buppy around my waist and enjoy the rocky part of both pieces .
 Does what it 's supposed to do . I use this often and am glad I bought it . If I had a bigger room I would have opted for a wide , cushy glider that 's easy to fall asleep on , but with limited space this was a great option . After four months I have n't had any problems with squeaking , and at 8 months pregnant it was pretty easy to put together . I do wish it were easier to fall asleep in , but if you 're tired enough you 'll find a couple padded blankets thrown over the back and a blanket over the lap with baby will be enough to fall asleep for a little while . Best of luck with your choice !
 First I 'd like to point out that this glider is 130 dollars . It 's not going to be amazing and the best chair you 've ever sat in that being said ... The wood is a good quality . If you compared it to my 800 dollar crib you 'd never know that it was n't top dollar . The bottom , ottoman and arm rest cushion are like memory foam ish . The bottom is a little hard but i think it will get better with use and if not easy to replace . The back cushion is very plush and comfy.I was worried about the size . I 'm a little bit on the fluffy side . My hips are wide -LRB- wear a size 16 -RRB- so I was worried I 'd be to big for the chair . It was n't a problem at all . I have a little wiggle room . I 'm 5 `` 4 ' and my head hits the perfect spot on the back.It is a tad bit creaky when I sit down or get up . Not enough to bother a normal person but I 'm sensitive to creaks speaks and whines.Well see how it holds up but from what I can tell it really is a steal .
 We looked every where for an affordable glider and found this one . The reviews do not lie - this is so comfy and durable . It was not too hard to put together and our baby loves it .
 Like many others I did n't want to spend over $ 200 on a glider . This one was easy to assemble , not too many parts to put together . The cushion though is super cheapy . Just regular square foam seat , but back portion is fine . Stains a tad easy - especially the beige color . It does squeak just a little but not super annoying . Glides easily . If you want something functional and inexpensive - this glider will do .
 Purchased it to give as gift.They loved it and do not have any problems . The assebly was pretty easy and it is exactly what is advertized and looks as the picture.The cusion could use extra padding ? yes , but the price matches the product.An additional purchase of $ 20 for the extra padding or an additional $ 100 to $ 130 for better model -LRB- take your pick -RRB- This is a great product .
 Was apprehensive after reading reviews on this model regarding a stiff seat cushion and low backrest . For this price you should n't expect too much , but we are satisfied with the product as a whole . Being 5 ' 8 '' , the backrest is very comfortable and it comes to about 3 '' -4 '' below the top of my head . To alleviate the stiff seat we took a spare piece of memory foam and put it under the seat cushion . Very comfortable overall and untouchable if your looking for a good chair at a budget price !
 This chair is low cost and very nice . I use it several times a day to nurse my daughter . I have not had any problems with it and according to my husband it was very easy to assemble . It also does not take up too much room in our already cramped bedroom .
 It 's very cute , and very quiet . My neices and nephews destroyed the ottoman but that was because of abuse of care . Great buy !
 The product is exactly as the picture depicts it . It is comfortable to sit in and it has a smooth gliding action . The price -LRB- we paid $ 129.00 shipping incl -RRB- was very reasonable considering that there are many comparable gliders available online for 2 and 3 times the price . Assembly was easy . We had it together in 15 minutes . It has roomy pockets built into each of the arm rests that are adequate for a book , magazines , baby rattle , baby bottle , bible , etc.The only point of disappointment is that product is made in China ... but then so is most everything these days .
 This was very easy to put together , i assembled it in 20 min with no issues . It arrived on time with no damage to the product . I use it everyday at least 5 times a day and it 's very comfortable , the seat cushion is a memory foam type material . The fabric is very easy to wipe clean and seems fairly durable . Only complaints i have so far is the color is very dark brown - almost black - and so does not match the brown espresso in the rest of my nursery . Its not a huge deal to me , it still looks good and is stylish , and really is not that noticeable unless you look closely . The other thing is every once in a while something will squeek , but its usually only one time , so i dont know if things are just shifting around , or if i need to grease a hinge . All in all , i 'm very pleased with this purchase and would definitely recommend this glider and ottoman .
 I did n't want to spend a lot on a glider so I went with this one . I believe I made a great choice ! It 's super comfortable , nice looking , quiet , and not so large . We have a smaller nursery so it 's nice to have a smaller glider . I 'm a huge fan . All night feedings and story readings happen in this chair , so there are books and burg cloths in the pockets . The footrest also glides so your body is ultimately comfortable .
 After reading a lot of review , I decided to purchase this item and was not disappointed . Putting it together was really easy . Ottoman came pre-assembled . The only assembly needed was the back and the two arm-rests . A total of 6 screws . Got it done in under 10 minutes . The material itself is of decent quality . I know it wo n't last 10 years but for the price I do n't expect it to . One thing I really liked about this , at least for now , is how quiet it is . It does not make any noise when you rock.The only con , if you want to call it , I can think of is that the back of the chair is not that high . Picture is a bit deceiving . If you are taller than 6 ' it might be an issue .
 The glider was easy to assemble . It is very comfortable , especially with the gliding ottoman . Looks great too ! My daughter loves it for rocking her new baby !
 It looks great in our baby 's bedroom . My son loves to be rocked in it . It shipped quickly , got to my house in 3 days . It looks just like the ones they sell at Baby 's R Us . However I do wish the padding for the bottom seat cushion and for the ottoman to be more comfortable . They are kind of hard , I like it better if it all felt like the back part of the glider . Overall we are happy with it .
 I recently purchased this chair from Amazon.com for my granddaughter . She just had her first baby -LRB- girl -RRB- . She loves rocking the baby in it . It 's very comfortable and relaxing . It was also easy to put together . She received this chair within 5 days of me ordering it and the price was certainly the best I found at Amazon.com . Very comfortable chair !
 After much debating and many trips to stores reviewing gliders and ottomans , I felt like there was a comfortable one at an affordable price somewhere out there . Thanks to all the other reviews of this chair , I decided to get this . And I feel like money well spent . I got this within days of purchasing it . It came securely packaged and very easy to assemble . It 's very comfortable , probably more so than the couple hundred dollar ones I sat on at babies r us . I highly recommend this .
 I absolutely love this rocking chair . The cushions are comfortable , and it is just big enough for me to sit in with my boppy pillow resting on my lap . I like the pockets on the arm rests so I do n't have to bend over to reach for a favorite book.The chair is great and easy to put together , but before you go through the work of piecing yours together , I would suggest checking to see if any pieces are broken . It was a bit of a challenge to finally get a rocker that was n't broken . The one we have now is our 3rd one , and it is finally all in one piece . Amazon made returning them easy and free of charge , but we still had to repack those huge boxes and lug them to UPS ! That part was a pain , but the chair itself is great .
 This chair was very easy to put together , there was a bolt missing , so thecompany gave me a very good refund for the bolt . I was very pleased with thecustomer service . I would buy from them again .
 Comfortable and fits in great with our decor . Was delivered in a timely manner without any scratches etc. . Would buy again anytime . It is already a piece of furniture that everyone in the family seems to gravitate towards .
 I purchased this chair and I put it together . So easy to do . Took about 15 minutes . It is comfortable and the color is great . I love light colored wood and the green is a very calming color . I noticed that there was a crack in the wooden seat . I emailed the company storkcraft and they are sending me a replacement wood seat . It was easy and quick and it shows that they stand by their products . All in all I am happy with my purchase .
 We have had this combo chair and ottoman for almost a month now and it is by far the best item for our baby that we have bought !!! Definately I would recommend this chair at this great price and compared to other chairs in the market , it is a steal !!!
 I really love this glider . The material is very soft . The seat cusion is actually very comfortable , I 'm not at all sure why some people complain about it . I am 7 months pregnant and weigh 190 pounds/5 `` 7 and am completely comfortable in this chair . The assembly was SO easy . I am not the type of woman that normally puts things together but my nesting has started up so I took on the project and had no problems whatsoever . The instructions were very easy , all the holes lined up , and I loved that I did n't need any tools . The shipping on this product seemed to take forever I will say . I ordered it while in stock and it did n't even ship out for 3 days . The package did arrive exactly on the very last day of the estimated delivery date however that is late to me from how quickly amazon normally gets their items delivered . At any rate I am super happy with this purchase . Ca n't get a better set for the price and with free shipping . I would recommend this to anyone .
 We bought this glider for our nursery because we were looking for something affordable that would still look nice in the nursery . This fit the bill perfectly . It 's not exactly finely crafted furniture and it 's not something that is going to be passed down through the generations , but it 's affordable and serves it 's purpose well.After having this glider in our nursery for about 6 months now , I would say I 'm pretty happy with the purchase . It was delivered in pieces , but assembly was pretty simple . The first time I sat on it and started rocking , there were a few squeaks from the chair as well as the ottoman . A little grease on the pivot points , and it has n't squeaked since . It does n't get heavy use at our house , but it is used daily . Other than the minor squeaks at first , we have never had an issue with it .
 When I saw the price I thought it would be cheaply made , I was in for a surprise ~ ! I who have not a clue how to build anything was able to put this together in under an hour ! It comes partially built for you , so all i had to do was put the back , the arm rests and attach the very comfy cushions , my daughter is in her 7th month , and very upset that she is tipping the scales at over 240 lbs , turns out this wonderful rocker can hold up to 350 lbs , super fast shipping totally pleased
 I bought this chair because it looked like it was compact and I was not disappointed in that fact . It appears to made of pretty good quality and looks nice in the living room . It was not bought for a baby rocker but my 7 yr . old grandaughter loves it.It is not an overstuffed chair by any means and the one downfall is the seat cushion should be thicker . I have only had the chair for a short time but I would give it 4 stars . Amazon delivered the chair via UPS within 5 days at no charge . It was easy to put together and I am an older woman . Thumbs up
 I had originally bought an expensive glider from Babies R Us , but ended up hating it ! It was too big and even fell off it and then it tipped on over me while I was holding my baby ! Luckily she did not get hurt only I had a minor scratch on my leg . Needless to say I returned it and ordered this one off of Amazon . It was so easy to put together only 4 or 6 screws . The other had too many screws and was more time consuming . The only thing I did like from the expensive glider was the seat cushion ! The seat cushion on this glider is a bit stiff , so I just placed one of my couch pillows on it . I am 5 ' 4 @ 130 lbs and it is perfect for me and my baby ! I can nurse her there hands free using a boppy . Overall I 'm very happy with this glider just wish the ottoman would lock .
 It looks great ! super easy to assemble and comfortable , the only thing I did n't like too much was the really thin seat cushion , it started getting uncomfortable after about 45 minutes ; however it is great for the price !
 For the cost , pretty nice product ! The fabric padding is a little thin , however the chair seems pretty sturdy and worth the money for no longer than we 'll be using it anyways . Really easy assembly !! I did it all by myself being 7 months preggo .
 The first Ottoman/Glider set we received had a broken Ottoman , so we had to send it back . UPS picked the damaged product up on Monday , we had the new set by Wednesday . EASIEST piece of furniture to put together in our nursery so far . Great product , very comfortable !
 This chair is excellent for what you are paying . It was very easy to assemble . Very comfortable and the pockets on the side make it handy . While it was tempting to spend more money and buy a larger and more expensive glider at a baby superstore for our nursery , we took a chance on this . We are glad that we made that decision and are able to spend the extra money on other purchases for our babyl
 This is one great glider rocker , smooth and comfy perfect for that nersury my daughter set up.I hope I get the $ 10.00 difference since I ordered it just last Monday and it shipped Thursday . Pray Pray Pray
 I bought 2 of these chairs for my small family room . Easy to assemble , took about 5 minutes per chair . True colors . These chairs are great for the money .
 Stork Craft Hoop Glider and Ottoman Cushion in Cherry Wood and Beige CorduroyI purchased my Storkcraft Glider and Ottoman while pregnant with my twins . When I got it my husband set it up -LRB- which he says was very easy to do -RRB- for me . I had been having back problems and had hoped that the Storkcraft Glider would help , even if a little bit . It was very comfortable and did relieve some aching to my back.When my twins were born , I practically lived -LRB- still do ! -RRB- in this glider . It was so easy to prop my feet up and snuggle with one or both of my babies . Plus , it has pockets on the sides , very easy access to things such as a burp cloth , toy , or remote control when I have limited use of my arms . The rocking motion is smooth , no creaking at all ! I love to sit there and rock one of my babies while feeding him or her . It 's extremely soothing and there have been times where I too have fallen asleep in it ! The color -LRB- cherrywood with natural cushions -RRB- goes well in my living room and does n't look like baby furniture . I would highly recommend this glider and ottoman to a new or soon-to-be mom ! It will come in handy during those late night feedings !
 We bought the Cherry with Beige Cushion , and we love it ! I found the similar item in Babies R Us for $ 180 , and it is still not nearly as good as this one.It is very EZ to assemble -LRB- 10 minutes -RRB- , and looks and built quality are also very good . Sturdy !
 I bought this glider to create a reading nook in our newly remodeled den . It 's perfect ! It arrived very quickly and we had it put together in about 15 minutes . It 's just the right size for placing in a corner . Even with the ottoman , it does n't stick out too far or encroach upon the rest of the room . The chair and ottoman glide smoothly and effortlessly . With several different styles , -LRB- square back vs. rounded back -RRB- , and color combinations to choose from , you 're sure to find one that fits your motif . I would n't hesitate to purchase another one in the future . I wish I had had one of these back during my baby making days ! ~ jade ~
 This is the 2nd glider in our home , since we 're expecting our 2nd child . Our first glider retails around $ 400 just for the chair , and I have to admit the older one is more comfortable due to thicker padding . That being said , this glider has been a welcome addition to our home . I put the chair together myself -LRB- at 6 1/2 months pregnant -RRB- within 15 minutes without any problems at all . When I ordered , it said it would be 2 months before it would arrive but it was shipped a month early and even delivery was a few days early as well . There was no damage to anything , assembly was easy and the chair is smooth and quiet . The colors are perfect for our home and the microfiber is easy to clean . The bottom pad is a bit thin so I 'll be adding to it just with a quick trip to the craft store . I do n't spend a lot of time in this chair yet , since my son and husband have taken it over -LRB- and love it -RRB- , but I 'm told I get it back to nurse when our new arrival comes . Overall , for the price we paid , we are very happy with this purchase .
 Was skeptical since I could n't sit in the glider before purchasing online . We were very happy with glider once it arrived . We 've now had it for 9 months and the condition is still great . It was very easy to assemble and it is very comfortable to sit in . It is just as good as the gliders we saw in the stores and was 1/3 the price and had free shipping . The color is light so you have to be a little careful not to spill or stain the fabric but that would n't stop me from recommending this . The ottoman is a bonus and is great that it comes with the glider and you do n't have to order separately .
 Granted , this is n't quite as comfy as the super expensive ones they sell in BRU - but this will work , and it is rather comfy . I 'm not sure why so many people complain about the cushion - it feels just fine to me . Maybe they changed it ? Assembly was a breeze . As others have said , 8 bolts/screws . Took me about 15 minutes by myself at 35 weeks pregnant ! Looks great in my daughter 's bedroom with her other Cherry furniture . Beautiful chair , and will work great for sitting in her room to read her bedtime stories , and to nurse her little brother when he arrives while keeping an eye on her at the same time.Very much satisfied with this purchase .
 This is an okay chair at a decent price . You can read about the build quality and softness of the cushions in the other reviews , this review is about ordering and buying online.The most attractive thing about this is that Amazon will ship it to Hawaii for free , which is increasingly hard to get . Other chairs locally cost much more , so finding this on amazon was a great way to save money.Hawaii is part of the United States , but alot of 3rd party vendors will not ship here . I turn to Amazon for their shipping deals . We recieved this product quickly and in good condition . Try ordering this on eBay , the sellers there either wont ship to you or will probably charge you $ 100 for shipping !
 I bought this glider and a couple weeks ago , a part broke on the base . I called the company and within two weeks I received a new base free of charge . Company stands behind their products .
 I purchased this item before my baby boy arrived . I sat on it several times and enjoyed the comfort . It was a reasonable price compare to other places .
 I love this chair so much I convinced my daughter to buy one.It arrived quickly and was very easy to assmeble . It is my favorite piece of furniture
 This was purchased as a `` baby shower '' gift and all were pleased with the quality of the wood & cushions . An exceptional value especially with `` free shipping '' and delivery to Hawaii in one week . It was easy to assemble and I would not hesitate to recommend it to others .
 This chair is pretty great . It was very easy and fast to put together . It is a very comfortable chair and glides awesome . No problems with noise from the chair at all . The only problem is the ottoman is not made to hold any weight so dont sit on it . Other than that it is a great purchase and would highly recommend it .
 Excellent for what I was looking for , small space in the room , low price and it is comfortable . I recommend this item .
 Like every other review , this chair is a bit on the small side.But , for the price , this was the perfect choice.It was easy to assemble , packed well.It arrived a lot faster than I thought it would.Some folks purchase the really expensive gliders and then hide them away in the nursery and then get rid of them.I ca n't see spending $ 500 on something like that . This glider was about $ 150 if I remember correctly . That is a great price for a new product .
 Great product at a great price . The espresso color was exactly what I expected - dark brown , not cherry toned like some espresso furniture tends to be . Very easy to assemble.Very comfortable . No sqeaking when rocking . This glider is half the price I found in most stores but just as comfortable . I definitely recommend this glider .
 We got this chair almost a year ago and LOVE it . I do not understand why anyone would pay $ 500 + for the other gliders . This chair does exactly what it is suppose to do ... rocker and ottoman glide smoothly and chair is comfortable , the pockets are deep and quite handy . A great value .
 This was great value for money , easy to assemble and very comfortable . Cleans well despite the light color . Highly recommended
 We could n't be happier with this glider/ottoman combo , especially for the price . Unless you have the money to spend on a $ 400 glider and $ 100 ottoman , this is perfect . Mom , baby and dad approved .
 Like a lot of the other reviews , the seat cushion is pretty thin . But , for the price , it works great . And frankly , unless you plan on living in the chair , the thin seat cushion is n't going to kill you and even is n't that uncomfortable . I ca n't complain .
 Like other customers I 'll say the seat is n't the softest , but otherwise the quality seems decent . It looks good and was n't difficult to put together ; it took about 10 minutes . The cherry color matches our other cherry baby furniture very nicely .
 works better then i would of thought.wife just loves it and my little dog when she not using it . i received it like they said .
 Easy assembly and a great price!Very comfortable , well made , nice fabric.Would recommend this chair as a must buy .
 i love my glider ! i have had no problems with it at all . it was very easy to put together ! i put it together 38 weeks pregnant with no issue at all . very comfortable .
 We sent the first chair back because of a crack in the wood we were worried might affect the structural integrity . We sent the replacement back because it looked like the package had been dropped and the ottoman was cracked nearly in half . You can imagine we inspected the third chair pretty thoroughly - there are a couple of minor cracks but it does n't look like the structural integrity will be compromised so we kept it.Now about the chair!Aside from all the complications to finally get one here that seems structurally sound , I do not regret this purchase . I am 6 months pregnant -LRB- glad I ordered before baby arrived ! -RRB- and we put the chair together in about 15 minutes . The instructions are n't perfectly clear about everything but they are very simple . I had read many reviews but I did n't have a lot of the problems others have mentioned : Some people have complained that the back cushion is low or does n't support their head . I am 5 ' 7 &#34; and my husband is 6 ' tall and we both found the back of the chair very comfortable . Perhaps this is because we fastened the back cushion to the top of the chair instead of only the back poles , so it ca n't slip down . Perhaps it 's because we have only sat in the chair for a short while . But we like it.Some people have complained that the arm rests do not snap on . We did have trouble getting them to snap but we got all the snaps secured.Some people have complained that the seat cushion is not thick enough . I have only had my chair for a few hours but I find the seat cushion is very nice . I am 157 lbs -LRB- at 6 months pregnant -RRB- but if it does get uncomfortable over time or as my weight increases I will probably put another cushion on top or something . Right now , it feels great.The rocking motion is smooth and all feels great so far . If I remember to go back and edit my review in 6 months or so , I 'll try to let you know if I ever had squeaking issues -LRB- as many people have -RRB- .
 The price and product are great ! Many of the larger chairs are a lot more expensive but I 'm not heavy in weight or large in stature so this chair fit my in nursery comfortably and its cushions are just enough . It is true to the imagine shown and the colors are true . My only concern is the chemical smell on the cushions . Otherwise between all that and 30 minutes or less assembly I am SOLD and would recommend this product to a friend .
 This is an inexpensive glider . Could I nit pick it ? Of course ... But honestly , it is perfectly fine for what it is.The definite pros of the chair are : Inexpensivefunctionalbasicexactly as describedlarge enough for my &#34; bigger &#34; behindThe pocket hanging from the arm of the chair is very nice.Cons of the chair : Not &#34; fall asleep in it &#34; comfortableNot the same color as the picture shows -LRB- it 's more like ecru or eggshell colored cushions on white furniture ... there 's nothing &#34; brown &#34; or &#34; beige &#34; about the cushions -RRB- . Not really meant for tall people -LRB- I am 5 '10 and hubby is 6 ' -RRB- . The back of the chair feels very short . I imagine that when baby is born , if I fall asleep in this chair , I will suffer from serious stiff neck.In conclusion , for the cost and in comparison to the other &#34; cheap &#34; chairs I checked out locally , I feel like I got exactly what I ordered and paid for . I will sit in my more expensive recliner in the living room if I 'm looking for $ 1000 comfort , but if I 'm looking for $ 150 comfort and function , this chair will do quite well .
 The construction of the chair was simple . It took about ten minutes . The only downside to the chair I found was that the padding was a tad thin .
 I 'll be honest , I bought this for the price , and expected to get something pretty poor in quality.I was pleasantly surprised to get a chair just as nice as the higher priced chairs found in my local furniture store.My wife loves it , it 's very quiet , and it even fits my larger frame.I do n't think you can get a nicer glider chair for the money .
 First , I must report that my brother in law was thrilled when this was an easy-to-assemble piece . He 's been putting together furniture and baby gear at a pretty good pace for several months now , so he 's become an expert at it . He was n't nearly as happy with the assembly required on some of the other things they have received.This was a gift for my soon-to-be-born niece . It 's already in their home , and we have put it to use already to rock the niece who was born two months ago . It was comfortable to sit in , and very soothing to my niece.My only concern with this particular model
 My son is eight months old and not only did my mother used this Glider and Ottoman to rock him to sleep , I have nursed him in it . I am not a light person I am overweight -LRB- fat -RRB- and it kept sturdy as well as easy to clean . Great for a small apartment or nursery . I recommend it if you are on a budget .
 I ordered this chair for the nursery and it looks great and is very comfy ! I was surprised at how easy it was to assemble -LRB- which was minimal -RRB- ... basically just putting the chair back & sides on and then attaching the cushions . It 's sturdy and a good quality for the price !
 This is a nice piece , the only complaint is that it is quite small . If it is going in a nursery like ours did it will be great . The overall quality is great for the price and the chair is comfy .
 I purchased this cause it matched my room perfect ! It was easy to put together the only thing that was a negative was I wanted micro fiber and did n't realize it came in material . Otherwise I would def give it 5 stars .
 I love this chair!I was on a budget when it can to buying a glider chair since it was one of the last things we bought before LO arrived . Most of the other glider chairs out there are double or triple the price of this one so I was hesitant as to why it was less expensive but figured I would try it out based on other reviews.It is a little small but that works for me since I am petite . My husband -LRB- who is over 6 ' tall -RRB- looks like a giant in it but he is able to use it if and when he needs to -LRB- which is rare since I am the main one using it -RRB- . Great find !
 I love love love this chair ! It was so easy to put together and the color matched our crib/changing table perfectly . The arms have pockets which we 've put burp rags and blankets in for easy access while feeding the baby . Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for glider .
 This chair was cheaper on Amazon then any other website . The shipping was also included and I received the chair fairly quickly . My husband put it together in about 10 minutes . It is a really good looking chair . Although I have not sat in it for long periods of time just yet , it seems very comfortable . And for the people who complain of the cushion not being comfortable ... our mothers and grandmothers sat on straight wooden chairs . If you can/want to spend the money on those fluffy couch like chairs then this chair is not for you . This is exactly what I wanted ... a comforable glider chair for those late night feedings/fussy times .
 Bought for my expectant daughter-in-law , she loves it ! It really is well made , looks expensive and is very comfortable , especially for breastfeeding as the arms are also padded . The first one I bought was the blue fabric . It looked really cheesy , classic 70 's and a wooden piece of it was broken . Am very pleased .
 This is gorgeous . I put it together myself , super simple assembly and instructions and looks great . It 's also very cozy and does n't take much effort to make it glide .
 Love the chair . It 's a great deal for the money . Some reviews said it was too small for people , but it fits perfectly in the room and I find it very comfortable . A breeze to put together !
 The chair and ottoman was just as advertised . Timely delivery , in accetable condition . Very easy to assemble . This was a gift for my daughter and her husband at their baby shower . She loves it .
 It was a great buy , we are very pleased with how easy it was to assemble and it just looks great !
 Bought this as a christmas gift for an older women . She likes it very much . It would be a bit nicer for her if it were a little more cushier
 Purchased for my daughters room . Really easy to put together , -LRB- for my husband , lol -RRB- btu attractive . . Just be careful with the light colors ! I applied several coats of scotch guard ...
 Being honest , I was n't expecting much for the price . I just received it and am very pleased . First of all , it arrived quickly . Secondly , it was very easy to assemble , maybe 10 minutes . No tools required . Thirdly , it 's so comfortable , I just do n't want to get up from it . This is a very nice item and an excellent value and I would strongly recommend it .
 This chair was competitively priced and went together in less than 20 minutes . After two weeks of baby rockin , we 're pleased with the chair 's performance .
 This is a great rocker chair and ottoman which I am planning to use for my baby due in november . We have started using it right after it arrived . Easy to assemble . The only downside to this rocker is that it creates an annoying squeaky noise when you rock the chair and we are not sure how to fix and does not serve the purpose of rocking . That 's why only 4-star for this item . Also wish it had more space , since it feels cramped when you sit in it .
 I bought this a week before my 3 month old was born -LRB- tried it out at Target first , then found it here for cheaper and qualified for free shipping ! -RRB- Easy to put together , although stretching the arm cushions took 2 of us.The first month my baby hated it , we used the yoga ball more.Now we use it all the time -LRB- think 6-8 times a day for 5-10 minutes each time -RRB- .2 Complaints : As others have stated , the back cushion does not completely cover the top back of the chair as pictured . However , a rolled up hand towel fixed that -LRB- and when you are an exhausted first time parent , does it really matter ? Just nice to sit down for once ! -RRB- It started making a clicking sound about a month ago -LRB- 2 months after purchasing -RRB- when rocking . I have not had my husband try to fix it , but just an FYI it is there . Not super loud to wake the baby , but it 's there.Otherwise , great investment , ca n't wait to sit in it and read books to baby when he is older !
 The nursing chair should be perfect for anyone who is between 5 ' to 6 ' 1-2 '' . It has great back support and feels super comfortable . It was very easy to assemble and anyone should be able to put it together in about 10-15 minutes . The ottoman works very well with the chair and is also very comfortable . I actually use this chair to read and use my laptop when my wife is not using it . I am 5 ' 11 '' and I feel just perfect on it . The only complaint that I have is that the quality of the wood and the paint is not top of the line , my estimate is that this chair will need some maintenance within a year-year and a half . But , overall , this is a great buy so far .
 I bought this 8 months back . I could not have nursed my baby with so much ease without this chair.Very good for the price.It does not squeak and I love it .
 This glider set is a pretty cherry wood color . There are only 3 pieces to screw together . It took about 1/2 hour for one person to assemble and the instructions are easy to follow . The right arm seems a little off , but still fits . Would definitely recommend .
 For the price this is the best . Our baby is 14 months old now . This was a life-saver . I bought another one for my sister-in-law . If you 're looking for recliner this is n't for you . This does n't recline .
 I was researching for the perfect glider and ottoman that suits our budget and came across this one . We tried a lot of gliders at Babies ' R Us similar to this one and all of them are at least $ 300 and honestly , they 're not as cushion-y and as comfortable as this one . The style and color are very nice and simple . Definitely will recommend this to anyone who wants to buy a simple , nice , and affordable glider and ottoman .
 I was pleased with this glider rocker
 i received this glider and ottoman set as a gift for my new nursery . it arrived well packaged and was very easy to assemble . i really like the simple design and the expresso color matches my crib nicely . it 's quite comfortable and the gliding motion is smooth . since i have n't had it long , i ca n't comment just yet to the durability but i 'll be sure to update if i encounter any problems . overall , i 'm super pleased with this chair : -RRB-
 GREAT BABY SHOWER GIFT AND ITS GOOD FOR THE MOTHER WHEN SHE DELIVERS HER CHILD TO STAY OFF HER FEET .
 I wish the chair was scotchguarded . Because it is microfiber and light it picks up spilled milk and does n't come clean . I 've even gotten water on it and it leaves water marks . but for the cost , you ca n't complain . I wish the seat padding was a little thicker . After a while , it does become uncomfortable .
 The gliders are great with one notable exception . In less than one month of use neither glider has any CUSHION left in the seat cushion . If they do a better job there , they will have an outstanding product at a great price!James Hendricks
 We bought this glider for our first baby , who is almost 11 months old . It is perfect ! I love the pockets on the sides for her books , pacifiers , etc. . My husband had it assembled quickly . I would definitely recommend this glider to anyone !!
 I read all of the reviews for this glider and decided to order it . I 'm due at the end of February , but my comfort levels are lessening , so I wanted to get everything in order for the nursery . I have an expresso crib and changing table and the chair fits in wonderfully . When my husband first put it together , it did look slightly small , but once I sat in it and he did as well , I think it 's great . The pockets on the arm rest seem like they will come in handy , burping cloths , or an extra blanket or book . I looked at another glider at babies r us and for the price , this is the best chair for us . I bought a throw to place on the back of the chair for a splash of color and it does wonders for the chair and the room .
 We bought this knowing that we were not purchasing a life-long piece of furniture . My husband assembled it with no problems -LRB- he 's competent with tools , but not exceptionally handy -RRB- . For the price , I 've been very pleased with it . While the bottom cushion leaves a little bit to be desired -LRB- it 's rather stiff , but not uncomfortable -RRB- , the back cushion is very nice & fluffy . The arms are also nicely padded . I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and 150-ish pounds and I feel like the chair is nice & roomy . My husband is 6 ' 2 '' / 190 pounds and finds the chair comfortable as well , although he does not use it nearly as often as I do . I ca n't say the chair is silent while rocking , but there 's no clicking or squeaking and the noises are barely loud enough to be heard . The chair glides very smoothly and the ottoman operates equally well . I rarely sit in the chair for more than 15-20 minutes at a time , as I use it primarily for rocking my son to sleep , but I do n't think it 'd become uncomfortable if I sat in it longer . The chair also has a nice appearance - the finish is nice and the cushions are a nice color . I 'd say the finish on the wood is a true espresso . Overall , it suits our purposes very well and has held up to over 3 months of daily use -LRB- 4-5 times a day for 15-20 minutes at a time -RRB- . I 'm very glad that we went with this rather than spending 3-4 times as much on other chairs .
 I bought this as a shower gift and my daughter loved the chair . Since she has Stork Craft furniture for her baby 's room , it matched perfectly . Very easy to put together and a great price .
 It is very good for back pain and gives much better relief . My wife is pregnant and she likes to spend most of time on it . It gives her a lots of relax and comfort . Rocking chair with Ottoman is must !! It does both work of giving relax to back and your leg .
 We just got this delivered and put it together the other day . Very easy assembly . The chair is lovely as is the matching ottoman . It is so comfy too ! Highly recommend !
 I love this chair . It looks super comfy after you put it together and it doesnt take long at all to put it together . i mean i put it together all by myself at 27 months w/in 30 minutes . The ottoman comes assembled already and the chair is basically already done . You just have to put the back , the arms and cushions on . Now the only thing i hated was the button arm cushions . those things are hard to put on . I made sure to hammer the buttons together LOL just b/c they were so easy to unsnap . after hammering them on just w / a light tap or two they were on super tight . Other than that . It is great and cute and just super comfy . Love it .
 Great value for the price paid . No sqeaks or groans when rocking . Comfortable and attractive . I would n't recommend this product for anyone over 250 lbs . The stability of the chair lessens with heavy weight in it -LRB- I only know this because my daughter tried to sit on my lap while I was in the chair , and together we weigh about that -RRB- . But all in all a GREAT product !
 This is a great chair for the price . We got this chair for about $ 80 less than Target and Babies R Us were selling it for . It is n't a very big chair so it fits nicely in the room and it was very easy to put together . It is also very comfortable . Great buy !
 We bought this for our nursery and I absolutely love it . It 's very comfortable and well padded . It also feels very well constructed . I 'm glad we got it now , instead of waiting until the price went back up .
 the chair is everything I expected , is very quiet and glides really nice . My daughter have enjoy it on a daily basis . Is great to sit on it and soothe my little one when she is upset.LOVE this chair , it 's great !!!!!!!!
 This rocker was purchased for my mom and she loves it . It is a nice rocker that is n't noisy and provides a smooth rocking back and forward . Cushions are nice neutral color . Only complaint is that the seat cushion is thin and has n't held its shape . It has been used everyday for the last month by my mom who is only 124 pounds , and the cushion has already lost its loft . Otherwise it was a wise purchase .
 I 'm very happy with this chair . It looks great , it 's comfortable and assembly according to my husband took about 10 minutes . I have no problem at all with the seat cushion as I feel like there is enough padding in it for me . The chair is a bit shorter than what I anticipated . Overall , this was a great purchase !
 My hubby is 5 ' 5 '' and I 'm 5 ' 1 '' , and neither of us are overweight . Cushions provide ample back and seat support . Most chair seats are too long for our stature , and this glider fits both of us perfectly . Compared to prices of gliders found in-store -LRB- easy $ 200 + -RRB- , the Hoop Glider is economical , easy to set up , comfy and quiet as can be . We plan to upkeep the glider with some greaser to prevent it from squeaking . Ca n't wait to use it with the baby : -RRB-
 I bought this glider without trying it out or seeing it in a store first . Was a little concerned about fitment . I am 6ft tall and around 220 . I knew me and my wife were going to be sitting in this glider a lot with the birth of our baby . It is very comfortable for those long sleepless nights and I am very happy with it . Very easy to assemble and a great price .
 We bought this when my wife was pregnant . It was recommended by one of our friend.Very comfortable chair . It was very useful during her pregnancy . Highly recommended for expecting moms .
 This chair is well made and functions great . My only caution would be the seat cushion is very thin and it can be hard to sit on for long periods of time . Conversely , the armrest and back padding is great ! Even with the lack of padding on the seat , I still would reccomend this product .
 We received the product without Allen key -LRB- L shaped tightening tool -RRB- , which is must for assembling , but we had it already , so it was easy to fix . My wife liked it after assembling . We are 5 ' .5 inch , its very good for us . may not be a right choice for tall people.Overall we liked the glider/ottoman .
 The glider and ottoman set arrived in good shape - no damage , considering such a large item . It was easy to put together . We purchased it for my mother-in-law for Christmas , but assured her that if she did n't want it we would take it off her hands . The cushions are actually a little darker than it appears in the picture . I seriously think we may order one for our house . It 's a great deal and a very nice set .
 This is definitely my favorite purchase ! My first investment for my baby.I love the pockets on the side . It is firm and soft and just perfect for my babys feedings and for me to put him to sleep with ease.Cant even imagine what I would have done without it !
 This chair is the best ! Not only did it come undamaged and on time , it was a snap to put together . There are about 7 total steps and 4 of those involve attaching the cushions ! It seems like a very sturdy , well-made piece of furniture . I have n't had an opportunity to use it for the baby yet -LRB- due next spring -RRB- but have `` tested '' it out now and then . I 'm anticipating spending a lot of time in this chair and could n't have selected a better one ! Especially for the price ! Great value !
 This was simple to put together . It came with 6-7 screws and the allen wrench . It is a little smaller than what I expected , but comfortable and solid . The ottoman comes put together too . My husband and I have not used it much yet but we will be when our daughter is born . Great product for the money .
 I am very pleased with my glider . Was just as advertised . Easy to assemble . Works smooth as silk ...
 The only reason I did n't give this glider 5 stars is because of the misleading colour description . It is n't espresso at all more like a very dark cherry . I was kinda disappointed since all of the other furniture in my nursery is espresso ; - -LRB- After I got over -LRB- some what -RRB- my disappointment with the colour I was able to set it up out of the box -LRB- 8 + months pregnant -RRB- as I was too excited to wait for my bf to get home . The set up was VERY simple and clear . It looks great , I really love this glider .
 So far I am really happy with this product - however our little one is not here yet so we have n't used it much at all . The chair was easy to assemble , and looks beautiful in the nursery . Also , very comfortable to sit in . I do n't think you can do much better for the price . If it lasts me two years I will be very happy .
 My Uncle bought this chair and ottoman for me as a gift when my son was born . He was born on 9/23/12 , and I received it on the 24th . My husband set it up , it did n't take him very long to do . In the , almost , two weeks I 've had this chair , I can tell you I have spent many days and nights rocking my little one in it . It 's a nice chair , but having spent several hours each night rocking a fussy baby , it 's not easy on your bottom . The rest of my family enjoy it as well . Including my husband . The color is beautiful . Just be aware with the light fabric , it does get dirty easily . My MIL crocheted covers for the arms , ottoman , and headrest . Overall , for the cost , it 's a great chair . Maybe with a little extra cushion , it would make those long nights easy on your bottom .
 We ordered this for our nursery . It came just as pictured , very little assembly , and it was easy . It glides well , and we have had no problems with it so far . It 's gone through a few milk spills . The cloth has been durable , and easy to lean . I 'll either use a baby wipe , or sometimes Resolve to clean it up . Definitely recommend this , very comfortable !
 I finally purchased a glider to use with the new baby . After going to a couple stores and taking a look at the 200-300 and even 400 dollar ones we decided to go with this basic glider to save money for christmas and other necessities.So far I have had it assembled 2 weeks and use it many times during the day to nurse and read books . The bottom cushion is a bit hard but honestly this glider is well worth the money if you are on a budget do n't feel bad about getting this one over the more expensive ones . It is pretty and does the job just fine.When it arrived there was a huge rip in the box and the outer corner of the glider was exposed . Thankfully it was packed with foam around the corners and did not sustain any damage.Assembly was quite easy and the glider bottom comes assembled , the ottoman is completely assembled . So it was 8 screws I believe , to assemble this and my DH had it done in about 20 minutes.It has a nice warm finish and should match well with other cherry furniture . The cushions are a sandy beige color and are attractive.I 'd recommend this as a nice glider for someone looking to save $ $ . Update - March 12 , 2009 - Still satisfied with the purchase , has maintained its quality and gets a lot of use.Update - May 22 , 2010 - Now a nursing/reading chair . Frequently used and in nice shape . Looking into getting a better cushion set .
 Length :
 I bought this glider and ottoman to match the furniture for my babies nursery . It looks great and was very easy to put together . The only problem I have is the seat cushion is not very comfortable . The cushion on the back of the glider is very comfortable and I am hoping with use that the seat cushion will soften up a bit . Other than that , I love it .
 I was a little hesitant to get this glider/ottoman because of some of the reviews , but I decided to go for it anyways . I am pleased with my purchase . My husband put it together fairly easily and I 've been using it every day for the last 3 weeks as a place to feed and rock my newborn to sleep . The seat cushion , though thin , is comfortable enough and I do n't feel the need to supplement the cushioning , however , I can see that I may need to replace or supplement the seat cushioning within 6 months to a year , because the cushion is already starting to lose its shape . One of my main concerns for choosing a glider was I am only 4 ' 11 '' and I need a glider where I do n't feel like I 'm a kid sitting in a `` grown up 's chair '' . The size of this glider fits me well . My husband is 6 ' and he uses the glider too and it fits him well also . The only reason I 'm giving it a 4 star instead of 5 stars is because of the seat cushion .
 It was a nice purchase online . I saw this product by stork craft at a local store first and liked the make . For my online purchase , I was looking for better quality upholstery then the one it came with . It has a cordierite feel , I wanted more of comfortable cotton feel as at a local store . Returning big purchases like this could be pain in the neck . However , I liked the overall make and color of it , fits in nicely with my living and bedroom color styles and nice for lulling my two babies to sleep . I like the product and recommend it to anyone looking for one .
 Excellent is all we can say about this glider , great for the wife due to ease of use , and great for baby due to soft glide motion to help fall sleep , greatly recomend , thanks .
 really good product for this price . i got this set around $ 139 . i 've been using it for a month now , and it is a must item for a nursing mom . it makes nursing easier for my newborn and a new mom . it does need more support for the bottom since it made with thin cushion , so i put an extra stuff and it works . i do n't think this set is a stay forever quality , but it will endure at least few years . i looked at all babies store and ikea to buy the similar item with the budget . i 'm very happy with my choice . i do n't know the exact reason , but the price on amazon sometimes fluctuate , put this item in your cart or wish list over the days and buy it when it 's lowest price .
 excelente relacion precio - calidad , es muy facil de armar , comoda , ocupa poco espacio.si no quieres invertir mucho dinero vale la pena
 I only just got this in the mail today so have not yet used it . I am very pleased with how it looks . It is smaller than some other models , but as our baby 's room is just a 10x10 , it fits perfectly ! The sitting cushion is not the best quality , but it will do the job . If I am unhappy with it , I 'll just make a new one . VERY nice looking glider and definitely for anyone one a budget . This is perfect for us !
 The hoop glider has become my daughter 's favorite baby gift . Not only does she love it for nursing my new grandson , but her cat loves it too ! Easy delivery , easy assembly and excellent quality . Thanks Amazon !
 Length :
 hi , the glider is great and comfortable . . but ... they send me a wrong number of pieces !!! i send this glider to mexico as a gift . . so i feel terrible when they told me about the pieces.You have to be carefull if you are going to buy it !
 The fastest shipping ever ! This chair is easy to put together and comfortable . Only thing I would improve on is the seat cushion . It is a little thin .
 Well the sister in law loves it and since she is prego and happy that makes the family happy ... ! Really easy to put to gether , no issues at all ! And super fast shipping ! Over all id rate this item a 10 + . Very well done and overall just an amazing product !
 I purchased this glider for my five year old daughter who assumed ownership of the glider I had received for her baby shower ! It was fairly easy to assemble , and is used daily for hours at a time by my daughter . I did n't give it a full 5 star rating because the fabric is a bit `` rough . '' I know , it 's denim ! But , for the money , it definitely is worth it . I have seen and purchased other gliders for $ 500 with the same quality . Definitely recommend this glider ... just do n't get the denim !!!
 My Husband and I are very happy with this chair . We feel it is more than worththe price we paid . It is very comfortable , stylish and quick to assemble .
 For the price , you ca n't beat this glider . I read all the reviews before puchasing and decided to go ahead and give it a try . Like others have already stated , it 's very easy to put together -LRB- only 8 screws -RRB- . The cushions may not be the best , but it 's comfortable to me and looks fine . I could n't get my armrest cushions to snap on the outside , but in does n't matter as I put some magazines in the pockets which weigh it down and you ca n't tell that it 's not snapped down . Other than that , the glider is great and I 'm thoroughly enjoying it . I , too , am giving the glider 4 stars because of the cushions .
 I purchased this Glider and Ottoman for my significant other and our new baby girl , knowing that it would most likely get a good amount of use for those late night , very early morning feedings which always seem to hit around 3 AM in the morning . The product arrived in good shape and better then expected quality for the price that was paid . Very pleased with the product and it is comfortable to sit and rock away . My only disappointment was Amazon.com 's miss on delivery promise . A call to customer services resolved the issue .
 If your not looking to spend $ 500 plus on a glider , this does the job and is pretty comfy . Looks just like the picture . No , its not top of the line , but its very nice and we love it ! You wont find this glider anywhere else for the price , I 've shopped around , best possible price and free shipping !
 This chair was definitely worth it for the price . It was easy to assemble and glides smoothly . It looks exactly as pictured as well . The only slightly down side is that the seat cushion is n't very thick , but for the price , you really ca n't complain . It 's worth buying if your on a limited budget and have a new baby on the way .
 Chair was put together by the wife -LRB- at her request -RRB- and it felt so much more comfortable that I thought it could be , she is pregnant and wanted something to support her back , we both love rocking our little on to sleep . really great chair at a great price . We almost bought a similar chair that was not as comfortable at Babies R Us , but I did n't want to pay 400 for a slider thank you Amazon app for iPhone !
 It was a gift for my elderly mother who loves it . She likes to read , & pray while she and her dog rock/glide .
 While this may be the first glider we 've owned , my wife and I very picky in finding great products at great deals and this one fits in beautifully.The packaging was excellent , and the wood stain could n't be better . Note
 I bought this chair for my wife and I so we can nurse our baby while rocking . It is really nice looking and I think pretty well built for the price ! The padding is pretty good but we really have n't used it too much yet as our baby is n't quite here yet . I think the padding will do just fine unless you use this as your lazyboy everyday all day in front of the tv . This is the chair for nursing mothers and families with babies ! It is easy to assemble and I believe there are only 8 bolts total ! Amazon does a great job of shipping the big box it comes in also . I think the chair got to my house in 2 days !
 After comparison shopping I found this item to be a match for my budget , style , comfort , rocking a new baby to sleep !
 I bought this chair for my son and daughter-in-law to use in their nursery . The rocker arrived on time , with no scratches or dings . My son assembled it quickly and easily . The chair had a strong chemical odor when they unpacked it , but the smell disappeared after a few hours . The seat cushion looks thin , and will probably need to be replaced . That will be easy to take care of . Overall , we are very pleased with this glider and recommend it highly to other Amazon shoppers .
 For the money we spent this chair was well worth it ! Comfortable , easy to assemble , and it looks great in our baby nursery .
 I ordered two of these chairs and just received them yesterday . The quality of the chairs was surprising for the price , well for any price range . They are so easy to put together . I am not mechanically inclined and it was not a chore to assemble them at all.I have read some of the comments on here about the chairs being poor quality but the people who have stated this are obviously trying to turn a penny into a dime . Which is impossible obviously , lol . The only way to get a higher quality chair is to spend double if not more and there would not be much of a difference.I have a bad back and it is supported very well ... I always add a orthopedic cushion on any chair I sit in due to having hip problems but I did not need one with this glider . I was shocked ! I am wheelchair bound and the glider relieves so much pressure from my back and hips , as well as my leg.I would totally recommend this glider to new Mother 's and/or to others who are wheelchair bound or have problems getting around on their own . You do n't have to worry about sliding out of it , losing support or anything of the sort .
 I am very happy with my purchase . It was really easy to assemble and the material is of good quality . It is totally worth its price , which I found accessible . It looks exactly as the picture .
 For a very inexpensive and fairly easy to assemble rocker/ottoman , this is a great choice . The seat pad is somewhat thin , and the seat is a little narrow -LRB- definitely no side-by-side rocking with a toddler -RRB- , but it 's nice looking and an excellent value . One of the best choices in its price class , for sure . The only thing that I have reservations about is ... where does the wood come from ? Knowing where the wood was sourced by the manufacturer would have tipped it into a 5 star rating -LRB- well , as long as it was sustainably sourced , that is -RRB- .
 I purchased this chair because I saw it on sale thru Amazon . I have been shopping around for a while for a glider or rocker and did n't want to spend a lot of money . This was definitely the best price I had seen . Shipping was super fast and the glider arrived in a few days . It was very easy to put together . I will say that the chair itself feels a little on the small side to me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 10 '' -RRB- . It seems to be a decent quality , but not as nice as some of the more expensive chairs I have seen . You get what you pay for , right ? I do think it will serve our purpose for now , and at a great price , which is exactly what I was looking for .
 I do n't know why anyone would buy a different glider ! This is inexpensive but has the quality of all the more expensive ones you see at BabiesRUs , etc. . It is very comfortable and was simple to put together . I could spend hours rocking in it and I 'm sure we will use it after our son is past the bottle feeding stage .
 We love how this looks in the baby 's nursery and when a small pillow for lumbar support is used in this chair it is super comfortable ! It is a very good deal and great product for the price !
 The chair is on the small side but works fine.But the button on the fabric on the side came broken .
 We bought this glider and ottoman set in May 2011 as we were expecting a new born . Since the birth of our baby boy , we have been using the glider and ottoman all the time and it 's been a good help . It feel some what comfortable and does it 's job .
 I was nervous at first to order this due to the other reviews but needed something in this price range . The glider looks great with the other espresso furniture in my baby 's room . Yes the cushion is a little bit thin , and the chair back is a tad short . But for the price it is a great buy .
 I purchased this as a replacement for my old chair which my husband flopped down into -LRB- as opposed to just sitting -RRB- and destroyed . My infant grandson lives with me and my other grandchildren are frequent visitors , so I consider a rocker a necessity.I wanted something quick and did n't have time to shop around , and was n't willing to pay a high price for something I was n't actually trying out . Also , I needed something that could be delivered to my home , so I took a chance on this one.It arrived very quickly -LRB- even with free shipping ! -RRB- . I also needed something that I could lift uptairs by myself , so the fact that it was unassembled made it easy ; I just opened the box and carried it up in pieces . It was fairly simple to assemble with just a hex tool , which was included . I had it together in no time.As other reviewers have mentioned , the pad you sit on is not very thick , but still comfortable . I stand 5 ' 4 '' and find this rocker fits me very nicely , as I can rock with both feet touching the floor . My old rocker cut into the back of my legs , causing them to feel tingly if I continued for long -LRB- which happens when you have a fussy baby -RRB- . The only drawback is that it does n't recline or swivel , but the only swivel/rocker/recliner I could find was in the $ 800.00 range , so I still feel it was an excellent value for the price .
 I enjoy this item . However , I did n't think the cushions would be so thin . Overall , a good item but needs better cushioning . Arrived timely . Would order from this company again .
 Bought this item recently especially for my wife . She loves the glider . No complaints what so ever . The assembly was also easy . It took around 30 minutes to get a-z of assembly including the hand sets .
 I bought this chair mainly for the price . I was expecting the cushions to be thin . To my surprise the back cushion was very full . The bottom cushion was thin , but dense . The armrest cushions were also thicker than expected . The armrest cushions just snap on . I like the fact that it has pockets on the sides too . The chair comes with little assembly required . The ottoman is ready to go . The chair itself only needed to have the back screwed on -LRB- 2 screws -RRB- and the arms -LRB- 3 screws each -RRB- . The directions had special screws for the back , which we used to screw the arms to the back , dispite what the instructions said . It is a good chair . The cushions are more a cream color . The website shows the cushions to be a little darker , but I like them lighter anyway . I tried it out on my 4 year old . We rocked for about 15 minutes and he was out cold . I have no regrets with this purchase .
 My daughter and newborn grandson love this glider chair . It does n't take up a lot of room and it was very easy to assemble .
 When I put together the list for our baby 's shower I knew a glider with ottoman was one of the top items . The store where I registered had some variety but none under $ 199 that included both items . I decided to check Amazon for their assortment and as usual I was not dissapointed ! This glider is wonderful ! It arrived right before we had the baby and it has been the most used item in the nursery ! I feed the baby and put her to sleep there -LRB- I even sleep on it myself sometimes !!!! -RRB- . So far it does not make any noises and it is very comfortable . I absolutely love it and would recommend it 100 % -LRB- and oh , by the way , you CAN NOT beat the price ... $ 129 , SHIPPED ! -RRB- . The finish looks great , the fabric looks great and we assembled it in less than 5 minutes . Do n't hesitate to get it !
 The excitement in my wife 's voice was proof enough that she loved it . I was at work when it arrived at our house . She said it took no time to put it together and was really easy . Her and our newborn son both love it . Granted , the seat cushion is a little hard like the other reviews have said ... but , it is n't horrible , especially for the price . I mean , paying $ 130 for something you usually find other similar products for $ 200 + , you just ca n't beat it .
 This is an easy to assembe , nice quality glider . After reading many reviews and seeing that no matter the glider they all have about the same percentage of bad reviews , so since this one was the most economical I went with it . It comes in a big box , but there are really only four parts to assemble . The gliders are already put together , all you need to assemble are the sides and the back . All tools included . The pads could be a bit thicker , the side fabric a bit nicer , but at this price these are all things that can be fixed later if its a huge issue . The gliding is fine , no squeaks , grinding or anything else . The chair is a bit small but my wife who is 5 ' 7 '' does n't have a problem sitting in it . I think this is a great value especially if you 're on a budget like us .
 we priced this out and put it on our baby registry ... at first i wasnt crazy about the idea of a glider but i am sure happy my husband convinced me . we live in a 1br apartment and this doesnt take up that much room . . the glide/rock motion is pretty self contained so you can place it near a wall -LRB- as we did -RRB- . . something you cant do with a regular rocking chair . It only has 6 screws . . something that came in handy when my nesting kicked in at 5am and i assembled it . after it was all assembled it looks very nice ... and after a weekend of nonstop nesting when i finally crashed i spent hours in this chair perfectly comfortable ! and it has great pockets in the arms so i put an extra burp cloth , wipes and my ` essentials '
 This product was very easy to put together . Although the side bar clothe kept coming out no matter how many times I buckled it . I bought it when I was 35 weeks pregnant I am 38 weeks now and it already squeaks which I find to be super hilarious . I mean this furniture has no modesty . I buy it and it shows its true character within four weeks . Of course I read the reviews before I ordered the product and yet went for it.Its not exactly comfortable but I like the way it rocks it helps me soothe my Braxton Hicks contraction . My husband loves to sit on it and d his work when I lie on bed and ca n't get up . That way he tries and spends more time with me and the baby which I find adorable.Overall the product is a good buy and the squeak is not as loud not so far at least .
 I was looking for an inexpensive glider to put in my bedroom to nurse my baby at night . I was worried about comfort since this chair is cheap but honestly its fine . Its a good height on the back and I can rest my head and relax and although it 's not super plush its comfortable for me . It is exactly what I was looking for and I wo n't feel guilty selling it in a garage sale in a few years because I got such a good deal on it . Personally I think a lot of other gliders are overpriced and very similar to this one . I 've had it for 2 months now and no complaints .
 Ok , love the chair . Glides so nice and smooth . Back cushion is fluffy , bottom cushion is harder , but I like the support . Color and quality are terrific . I love it ! The only problem is that there was a snap back missing from the chair bottom frame to snap the arm rest cushion on to . I need to have them send me the snap back . ** update . Amazon was only able to either have me send the entire chair back , which I really did n't want to do , or they could give me a 10 % refund . I opted for the refund . However , I contacted the company and told them that I was missing a snap back and screw , and they sent it to me . They were really great and as pleasant as I always imagined Canadians to be . :-RRB- Still love the glider and ottoman . Soft , wonderful , sturdy , quiet gliding . Well worth the money .
 I got this chair about a month ago for our nursery and it is awesome ! My little daughter is not here yet but already I could fall asleep in this chair , regardless of if I 'm even tired ! My only suggestion is that you tie the back cushion as high as you can by looping the ties around the back of the chair and tying to the front then flipping the cushion over the front side to tie the bottom , that way you wo n't have an uncomfortable piece of wood at the headrest . Very easy to assemble , very comfortable , and the fabric feels downright luxurious . It is also easy to clean which is a huge plus for a chair any baby will eat in ! I wish I had one of these for every room in my house .
 For $ 139 what can you really expect . The chair needs extra cushion on the bottom -LRB- which is accomplished by buying some foam pads and it begins to squeak after a while -LRB- which could probably be fixed with some WD-40 -RRB- but it certainly serves it 's purpose . Overall I 'm fairly pleased with it . It looks nice and was extremely easy to assemble . It came to my house less than 24 hours after ordering it . It has rocked my son to sleep every night for the last 5 months and I am glad that I bought it .
 I have been using this rocking chair for 13 months now . I am happy with the look , it matches the furniture perfectly in the nursery . It functions well and is overall comfortable . I have only two complaints , one is the seat cushion seems a bit thin . I weigh 115 pounds and am average height and find that it can be uncomfortable -LRB- at times -RRB- if sitting in the same position while nursing . I added a thin cushion under the original seat and now its perfect . My only other complaint is the snaps wear easily on the side the pockets . Otherwise I would give this product 5 stars .
 This thing was a snap to assemble . I would estimate that it only took me about 15 minutes to put together . We 've had this for only about 2 months now , but so far it 's been great . I 'm a big guy and I 'm even comfortable sitting in this thing and not worrying about it breaking . Ca n't beat the price either .
 This glider arrived in no time . I put it together very quickly and it is very comfortable . I can just see myself rocking my baby girl to sleep in a few months . Great chair !
 i had been looking everywhere for a rocking chair but found them too pricey . For the convenience of having his chair delivered to my home and the price , this deal is VERY hard to beat ! It 's quite comfortable -LRB- only had it for a month -RRB- and everyone who has tried it liked it ! Only minus - can not wash the beige fabric of the cushions ...
 Bought this chair to rock my baby boy in . We rock in it every night and he is now 14 months old . It is a big part of his nighttime routine . Chair is comfortable , but I am not a very heavy person . I am 5 ' 3 '' and 150 lb . My husband who is 6 ' 1 '' and 220 also uses it , but says the seat cushion is less comfortable probably because he is so heavy . If you are a heavy person , you probably should spend an extra couple hundred bucks for a thicker cushion . But for a regular sized person I found the chair very comfortable and it matched our Baby Mod Espresso crib and dresser set perfectly . Liked the rounded top , looks very sharp . Hope you and your baby enjoy it as much as we have !
 I love this chair . I bought it for my daughter and my new grandson . It was almost completely put together and the remaining parts were very simple . I am going to purchase one for me .
 Bought this for my daughter for the birth of her first baby.The arms provide the support needed for breast-feeding and the padded ottoman is better than a coffee table for supporting tired feet.She sinks into the glider and goes AHHHHH ... That says it all .
 I bought this for my daughter-in-law who is expecting in March . It seems to be weel made and comefortable . She likes it and it goes well with her other baby furniture .
 This item arrived very quickly and in great condition . It was exactly as it was described and was exactly what I wanted . It was easy to assemble as well .
 From what son was saying item is very well built , sturdy , and easy to assemble . Cushions were comfortable and thick . Highly recommended .
 Within a few days of ordering this item it was delivered . It was the easiest item that I have ever ordered/bought to assemble . The instructions were simple and easy to understand . It took about -LRB- 20 -RRB- twenty minutes to put it together . I am well pleased with the price , the product , the shipping and the ease of ordering this item . Thank you very much .
 We received this item in a large but neatly-packed box . . -LRB- not too heavy -RRB- . My husband had no trouble assembling this glider , instructions were straight-forward ... 20 minutes and he was done!We 're very pleased with our purchase . . this glider is going to look great in our son 's nursery!Thank You Amazon ! : D
 It was either buy this from Wal-Mart or Amazon for the same price !! Easy to assemble and Comfy ! I would recommend this !!
 Bought this glider for my bride . We are raising a great grandson and did n't have a rocker that was comfortable for rocking the little guy . No longer a problem ... great granny and baby find this chair to be wonderful for sending him off to sleep . Assembly was easy and took just a short time . Fit and quality are super !
 My mom bought this rocker for me . It is very nice . The only complaint I have is that the bottom cushion is n't thick enough . After sitting it for any length of time breastfeeding , my butt starts to get a little sore . Other than that , it 's great .
 I love our glider . I have been using it every day for just under four months and have had no issues with it . No weird sounds , no screws loosening , all the pads stay put and the side flaps stay snapped with no problem . The bottom pad is a tad thin , but not enough to where it bothers me . I do n't sit in it for hours on end , I rock my son and feed him in it before naps & bed time . Have no issues with discomfort . My husband , who is larger than I , says it 's not comfortable to him though . Obviously this will vary from person to person.Looks very nice . Was easy to put together . Have no issues so far !
 I bought this chair after much deliberation because of the mixed reviews and because I already had one . I live in duplex and spend most of my time downstairs during the day so I have been using the nursing chair I already bought downstairs in the living room and was trying to decide if I should move it upstairs into the baby room -LRB- or our room where our 2 month old currently sleeps -RRB- because it is so uncomfortable to nurse on our bed or buy another one for the upstairs because there was n't anywhere comfortable to nurse downstairs either . I could not bare to spend a lot on another chair but seriously could n't spend another night nursing on our bed because it 's so high off the ground I was having trouble getting on and off the bed while holding the baby . It just was n't feasible to buy two expensive chairs . So anyway , I got this on Monday and my husband put it together right away . I was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable it was . The cushions were much softer than I expected and the chair glided very smoothly . I am so happy I bought this chair and it has made my nighttime nursing a pleasure !
 We LOVE our Glider for the baby ... . it was perfect for the middle of the night feedings and nice to put your feet up and rock with little man ! I sat in it even before the baby was born !!! : -RRB-
 This is a great product and a great buy . I would recommend it . It is very comfortable , quiet , and soft . Great to rock a baby to sleep . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My daughter in-law is 6 ' 1 &#34; and I was concerned that it would be comportable enough for her but she loves it !
 I bought this for my daughter , who is expecting her first baby . Her and her husband had no trouble putting it together but found that after a couple of weeks , it started squeaking loudly . Her husband sprayed a lubricant on it and it has n't been a problem since . She loves it .
 muy satisfecho por el producto , lo recomiendo altemente para todos y cada uno de los usuarios , es producto es bastante comodo
 Nice chair for the price . Comfy , color matched our cherry crib perfectly . Love that it came with an ottoman . Easy to assemble .
 Was very easy to put together . Once together it is sturdy and looks very nice . Bought it for my son/wife and Mom loves it for rocking and nursing the baby .
 I love my glider and ottoman . It arrived promptly and did n't take my husband but maybe 15 minutes to assemble . It is very comfy , only draw back if you plan to nurse and use a boppy , its a snug fit , I 'm very petite -LRB- 5 ' 4 '' , 123lbs -RRB- , so if you require more room than I you may want to look into a wider set glider .
 This should be on the list for any new parent . Wonderful glider that is comfortable , and affordable . Do not hesitate ... buy today !
 Definitely a must have in your nursery . It works well , is easy to assemble and removes back pain from the feeding equation .
 Cheapest one I could find anywhere on the internet ... However , it works pretty well and is pretty sturdy , as long as you are n't too hard on it . Cushins -LRB- sp ? -RRB- could be more comfortable and it sometimes clicks when it rocks but I ca n't complain for the price . Pretty quick/easy to assemble too with all items included -LRB- including needed tool -RRB- . Thanks .
 Quick delivery and easy to put together !!! bottom cushion a little thin , but otherwise very comfortable . Great purchase for the price , and matches crib perfectly
 Bought this glider because of the price . I 'm very happy with it so far -LRB- 3 months -RRB- . As others have mentioned , seat cushion is thin and not very comfortable but everything else is great . Took about 20 minutes to put together . Of note , the glider is light when compared to some of the other more expensive ones , so it is better suited for carpet flooring . Oh my hardwood floors , it does slide around a little bit ... not too annoying , just enough to mention it .
 For the price , this chair is what you would expect to get ! I looked at more expensive chairs at Babies R Us and other furniture stores and none of them were fantastic - so for the price of this chair , it is nice . The bottom cushion is pretty thin , however I 'm sure we will add more foam/padding down the road . I have n't had any problems with the chair squeaking or creaking , but I have n't sat in it that much yet as my little one wont arrive for another few weeks . For now , I like the chair !
 The seat pad is n't that great , but for the price it 's the best thing out there ! I just wish I got this sooner .
 This glider is somewhat small , but was the perfect size for my room , and me , at 5 ' 3 '' . The cushions needs to be worn in , but I 'm overall pleased !
 Well ... I ca n`t tell you exactly how nice this is because i have never really touched it . My wife and i bought this as a gift for My 21 Yr old niece who just had her first Baby . She absolutely Raves about this chair . I guess another family member bought her a chair/ottomon set from somewhere else and it sits in her garage . Grandpa and Grandma went over to help her set the chair up because she lives 400 miles from me and i could ` nt do it . Anyhow ... . they got to her house and she already had it finished and was sitting in it :-RRB- My dad told me it was very well made and Comfortable . I aksed hime if he had to rate it in a 5 star system what he would give it and he Told me he would give it 5 stars . He weighs 275 pounds of muscle , he is 69 yrs old and a retired Chicago Policeman . The only reason i bring that up is the difference in the two . One is a small , young lady that just had her 1st child and the other a BIG retired policemen and they both love the chair !! I would Buy it !! The price is Great , the quality is Great and Comfortable beyond expectation .
 I got the glider a few days ago and put it together in about 15 minutes all by myself at 9 and 1/2 months pregnant ! Super easy and clear directions . I was expecting the fabric to look a lot cheaper than it does but it is actually very nice . The chair is comfy and so far I have no complaints . For the price it is an awsome deal ! I ca n't wait to use it with my little one .
 Was relieved to find how easy it was to assemble the glider upon delivery . No complications at all . When I brought it to the baby shower , everyone loved it . Mom to be sat in it right and away . Found it extremely comfortable . Just a bit smaller than I expected but fits the normal-sized mom perfectly . Think there would be comfort problems with a larger woman . All in all , an excellent product and gift .
 I was n't willing to spend a lot of money on a glider . This glider is perfect for me . It was packaged well . The directions were easy and it only took my husband about 15-20 mins to put together . I purchased the beige cushions with the white frame . The color was exactly what I expected it to be . The glider will go well in my nursery . I should also mention that it glides smoothly . Some reviewers have complained about the smallish size , but with my feet on the ottoman it is n't noticable -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 -RRB- . The back cushion is quite comfortable . I am happy with my purchase .
 When trying to find a rocker and ottoman I was found this one and was really surprised at all the negative comments that were under it ... . even though a lot were negative I went ahead and bought the rocker anyways ... and to much of my surprise it is NOTHING at all what people say ! the chair was really simple to out together -LRB- big parts where already done ! -RRB- the bottom seat is a bit harder but it would wear-out to fast if it wasnt ! just needs some love to break it in ! I have had it for about 2 months and no complaints ... I am 5 ' 8 and about 160 and do n't have any problems rocking my little boy back to sleep in it . I also have a friend who has the same chair and has had it for about 6 months and no complaints from her either : - -RRB- If you are looking for an affordable rocker and ottoman ... this is def a must have !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This was very easy to assemble and is very good quality . It matches my other furniture perfectly and the smooth gliding makes for a great comfortable spot to relax while breastfeeding my newborn .
 We just received our glider yesterday . The shipping was fast ! I came the day after I got an e-mail saying it shipped!Assembly did not take long , maybe 20 minutes . The only reason it took that long was because the arms of the chair were labeled wrong . The `` left '' ended up fitting on the right and vice versa . Also , the right arm -LRB- that was actually labeled left -RRB- had a hole that was slightly off . The screw did not line up with the hole so my husband had to finagle the arm a bit to get the screw in the hole . He could n't screw it in all the way in so there is a little gap between the arm and the back of the chair . The arm cushion covers up the gap but I am hoping this imperfection does not compromise the sturdiness of the arm . I do n't know if this had to do with the mix up in labeling , but the other side was just fine.There were a few little marks on the chair , one on an arm and one on the back part of the chair that is not covered by the cushion . I plan on covering with white paint.I am glad we have 7 weeks before baby arrives because the cushions definitely need to be aired out.Overall , the glider is comfortable and a nice size . -LRB- I am 5 ' 4 and my husband is 6 ' 0 . -RRB- The color is true to the picture online and is exactly what we were looking for .
 The glider was an excellent purchase ; I spend hours in it with the baby and it does n't squeak , it 's quite comfortable . It 's not too small either . I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and it 's a nice fit . I would recommend this item to others who want a good value for their money .
 I have had my eye on a glider forever and came upon this after lots of researching . The glider came as fast as always from Amazon and the quality was great . I was worried that it might be damaaged but the packaging was nice and tight . It took us about 45 mins to assemble and its super easy . The espresso color is my favorite and matches all of our furniture perfectly . It is comfortable , our baby loves to be rocked or read to while gliding and it was on a great deal . Cant ask for more than that .
 It is a great price , the cloth is smooth , it is pretty sturdy , although I am 180lbs and I can tell the chair would eventually break if I was not careful when sitting down.All in all , I recommend , but not for heavyweights that like to throw their weight around .
 Pros
 My step mom bought this for me from my registry when I gave birth 2 weeks ago . It was sooooo easy to put together . The ottoman is already in tact . The pads are comfortable . I fall asleep in this chair often when breastfeeding my son on his boppy ... I love it !!!!
 I bought this for the nursery . I ordered it Tuesday and it was delivered Friday . It was easy to assemble . It looks nice and is somewhat comfortable - I needed to place throw pillows behind my back when sitting in it . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 I am due in the summer with our second child and have been using a second hand glider for almost three years . I read all the reviews for this product and decided that if I am going to spend as many long sleepless nights in this chair as I have the other , I am finally going to take the plunge and spend the $ 160 + . I am SO glad that I did too . I live overseas and received this product in five days -LRB- that 's a new record ! -RRB- . It was easy to put together and took me less than 30 minutes to do with the `` help '' of my two and a half year old . The wood of the glider seems to be very sturdy , the cushions are well made and very comfortable . The arm rest padding snaps on and off making keeping them clean very easy . The pockets on the side of the arms are the perfect size to keep books , binkies , extra burp cloths or whatever else you may want handy during those late night feedings . I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a glider/ottoman set . I can confidently say that I am in LOVE with mine .
 I am currently 6 months along and with probably all pregnancies , back pain can be severe as mine is right now . I ordered this item along with a bunch of other baby stuff and I forced my husband to set up this chair first out of everything . He said that the set up was very easy and quick -LRB- I think he said it took him less than 10 minutes -RRB- and after a couple of weeks of daily use before writing this review , it is sturdy , stable , and very comfortable . The soft materials and being able to rock both the chair and ottoman back and forth melts my pain away instantly.I currently have the chair in my living room to watch TV and will be moving it into the baby 's room after he is born . There are two side pockets , one for each side , and they are big enough to hold bottled drinks , bags of chips , etc. which I absolutely love so I can be a lazy bum.This item was money well spent as it provides great comfort and relaxation and can be used for years to come . If you are looking for an affordable chair and ottoman combo , this is it .
 We ordered this chair for our nursery and its beautiful ! The cherry is very pretty ! Its very comfy and is a nice thick material . I 'd recommend this to anyone looking for a reat chair for a great price !
 Despite what a lot of other reviewers said , it is a great Seat and easy to assemble . Yes , the finishing could be better , but the defects are barely seen.It blends perfectly with the furniture in the Nursery and is great to put the little one to sleep . It 's so comfortable that I even fell asleep in it -LRB- NOT with the baby though -RRB- . Overall
 My husband assembled the chair but did n't seem to have any issues with it . The cushions are very comfortable . It is a great value for a quality chair and ottoman set .
 I have had it for a few months now . It is a good glider at a good value . I read reviews on a number of different gliders and this one seemed to have the fewest complaints and so far I concur
 First , the price was right . I tried looking at other places and the same rocker was almost $ 150 more . Free shipping is very hard to beat . This rocker was super easy to put together , which was another plus . The whole thing can be assembled with the alan key that is included . After completely assembled , I gave it a test run and found it to be extremely comfortable . So the total package of price , ease of assembly , comfort , and the fact that this rocker is very beautifully made , made this an absolutely wonderful purchase for our new nursery . I would recommend this rocker to a friend .
 2 friends and their 4 months old twins came to visit us for a while . We bought this rocking chair to prepare for their visit , with intention to provide help to rock the babies to sleep . It works very well and the chair itself is so comfortable ! We are going to enjoy this chair even after the babies leave .
 I have been looking for a reasonably priced glider and ottoman set and decided to purchase this product . Although small and the cushioning can be a bit flimsy , it definitely proves to be sturdy at such a good price . I plan on getting good use out of this when feeding my little one . My husband seems to enjoy it as well and we often bicker about which one of us should sit on it -LRB- I usually win -RRB- . It is a relief to find decent set without spending over $ 300 for it . All in all , I do not regret making this purchase .
 Its a nice looking glider . . nothing fancy yet its pleasing to the eyes . Its very comfortable as well . It has been a life saver for my poor aching back while feeding my newborn.Definitely would recommend it
 Very easy to install , and very confortable . Fabric is very soft andcushions are fluffy . Great price ! I compared the price between websites and here I got the best deal !
 We ordered this product to help with soothing our new born by holding her in hand while gently rocking . The product arrived within the given time frame . The chair and ottoman are of pretty good quality for the price . They are very light weight than what you may encounter in a furniture store . It is easy to assemble this by just 1 person in less than 30 min . The product is very visually appealing too . Its been just 15 days since we have had this and so I will update this review in case I encounter any issues . I would highly recommend this product .
 I gave the glider & ottoman set as a baby shower gift . The expectant mom loves it . My son , the expectant dad , said it was easy to assemble and only took a few minutes , since it was mostly assembled to begin with . It looks great , and is very comfortable . The ottoman also glides . It was a good buy , and I would definitely recommend it .
 I bought this glider for our son and daughter in law . It arrived promptly , and was reasonably priced . It was just exactly as Described . It is comfortable and attractive ! They are both tall , yet it is comfortable for them . It was a great gift ! I bought it on Amazon very easily .
 Chair did n't take long to assemble and was n't complicated at all . The tools you need come with it . I 've gotten so many comments on how beautiful the color is . Only complaint I have isThat the bottom cushion is n't the softest . My butt tends to go to sleep after sitting for a while . Nothing a small pillow ca n't fix !!
 The glider arrived within 2 days - even during the Christmas rush ! When you open the box , there is some very MINOR assembly . All it takes is an allen wrench -LRB- which comes with the glider set -RRB- . Just got ta tighten 6 screws and you 're done . So far everything seems very sturdy and the glide is smooth . The cushions are nice - the ones on the arms have large pockets on the outside for storage . I have n't had it very long ... so we 'll see how it holds up . At the moment , I love it ! I 'm hoping my pregnant sister , for whom it was bought , will love it too.The only complaint I have so far
 I was pretty excited to find a glider at such a great price , but I was a little nervous about the quality . Granted , I 've only owned it for a few days and my baby is n't even here yet to be rocked , but so far I 'm really happy with it . My husband said it was really easy to assemble , very little to assemble actually . It is on the smaller size , but I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and I find the height of the back just perfect to lay my head back . I love that the arms are padded and that it has storage pockets on the sides . Overall , great price for a quality glider .
 It was easy to assemble , and it is very comfortable . Some people complains that it starts making noise after few times using it . I have it for a month and nothing happens . Maybe because I do n't rock the chair very hard -LRB- Rocking the chair is for the baby 's comfort not for your own comfort -RRB- It does have a pocket each side which are very handy . I can put my glasses or baby 's stuff in it . I really recommend it to all mothers .
 Just received our rocker today . I am 8 months pregnant and put it together myself . Comes about half assembled-just have to put the back , arm rests , and cushions on . It 's comfortable , seems sturdy and looks great with our espresso furniture . Ca n't wait to rock our baby in it !
 Bought two , one for a baby shower gift and one for a daycare center I own . Worth the price . The one in the daycare center was used in the toddler room and took a beating by both the children and teachers . Was used non stop 12 hours a day . Lasted for two years . One arrived broken and Amazon arranged for ups to pick up and return to them and sent new one out immediatley at no charge to me . Amazon is GREAT about exchanging and giving GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE !!
 This is a wonderful glider . I assembled it in about 10 minutes and the ottoman was pre-assembled . My wife uses this with our six month old and it offers plenty of support and rocks/glides quietly . Another plus is that it is light enough for an adult to move around but not so light that our 5 and 2 year olds can push it around.All wood finishings arrived in perfect condition.The one negative about this chair is that it has a lot of moving parts that are in easy reach of little hands . Caution must be used around small children .
 Title says just about everything . Assembly was 8 screws for the chair and 4 on the ottoman - piece of cake . Just do n't tighten any of the screws until you have them all started . Once assembled , the chair seems solid enough .
 I bought this just before my baby was born ... its an execellent buy ... sturdy ... and rocks my baby to sleep every time ... very comfortable ...
 purchased this set for my wife and our newborn based on the reviews from other amazon shoppers . pretty much what everyone said was right on the button . the pluses for this set
 Easy to put together , sturdy chair . A little smaller than I expected but a great chair .
 This item is a great buy and you will be hard pressed to find better quality for your money . We tried out several chairs at the big box stores and most of the $ 300 - $ 400 chairs were not as good quality wise . As always , hats off to Amazon for having the best price and free shipping . I read lots of reviews on this item before purchasing it . Many people seemed to complain about the seat cushion , which I must admit leaves something to be desired . If you plan to spend a lot of time in this chair an extra cushion would definitely make it more comfortable . Overall I was impressed with the construction of this item . There was virtually no assembly required . This chair went together in a matter of minutes . I would buy this one again .
 This chair was my first step towards attaining Nirvana : - -RRB- I bought this glider and ottomon , mainly looking at the price and thinking I may have to spend a lot of time in assembling it ... but , to my pleasant surprise , I managed to assemble it in under 15 minutes.Its extremely comfortable and wife loves it . I am extremely pleased with my purchase.Another pleasant surprise
 I have to agree with one of the review that it 's not for tall people.It works for slim and folks who are max around 5 ' 4 '' i height , hence 4 stars.Overall it 's is cozy chair , gliding is smooth , quality of that material is not bad.Good price after what I found researching around .
 Expecting our first baby . This was a great buy for our price range . A little smaller than the photo and cushions are n't very thick but still good for it 's price !
 This was an excellent deal . I actually had this item on my baby registry from another retail store and did n't receive it as a gift so bought it myself on Amazon . It was easy to put together -LRB- only a few pieces needed assembled from the box -RRB- and was delivered the next day after ordering . And its actually pretty lightweight too , which is nice because we plan on taking it from the living room to an upstairs room in a few days . The pockets on the side are great and its super comfortable . Gliding in it relaxes me and my daughter immediately and puts us to sleep .
 I 've had this rocker in my nursery for about 3 months now and have used it almost daily since my son was born in April . It has not collapsed on me or squeaked loudly . The wood is a nice rich espresso color and matches the nursery well , it had no chips or defects . It glides smoothly and is comfy . This is NOT an expensive bells and whistles rocker , in fact it 's only special feature it can brag about is that is has pockets on the side . That said , I use those pockets a lot.If you 're a large person , do n't buy this chair . I was 160 lbs when I cam back from the hospital and fit with my boppy around my waist pretty snugly , so if you 're belly is bigger than a boppy get a bigger chair . It 's a bit cozy for daddy who is 6 ' and 250 lbs.If you plan to sleep in your rocker , get one that reclines . You 'll wish you 'd spent the extra money when you doze off with your baby in your arms at 3 am and your head flops forward.Locking features on other rockers are over-rated , I do n't miss it and doubt I 'd use it even if I had it.The padding is not thick but you get what you pay for . I 'm sure other chairs are more plush but they come with a $ 500 price tag.I got a coupon and used my 10 % registry discount , so I got this chair very cheap . I 'm glad I got it , it was worth what I paid and does a decent job . Just do n't expect anything fancy out of the cheapest chair around . I gave it 4 stars because it met my expectations , which were realistic for such a bargain priced chair .
 This was a great purchase . Product came on time and had no scratches or marks - in perfect condition . The chair is small - I 'm 5 ft and it 's the perfect size for me , but maybe not for someone taller . Comfortable to sit it . I ca n't wait to sit and rock our newborn baby in it ! : -RRB-
 This is a very good buy and easily the cheapest but quality product . Assembly was very easy with no tools required as such and it 's pretty light considering it 's a set of glider/ottoman . I love it so far , Thanks Amazon . ~ Sachin
 I purchased this for my wife , who is expecting our first child . Delivery was on time , assembly took roughly 20min -LRB- all tools were included in the packaging -RRB- and all of the complex components were assembled before delivery.The chair is very comfortable makes no squeaking sounds when I sit and rock fairly vigorously -LRB- I weigh ~ 185 -RRB- . Pockets on the arms are awesome . perfect size for reading materials , wipes , etc.If i could improve something in this chair , it would be that the rock track is kind of short . This is a good thing for people that wish to rock faster and still maintain the chairs strength long-term , but for people like me who would rather rock farther and slower it is not optimal . . my wife likes it just the way it is.the foot rest is very comfortable.Keep in mind , however , that this cherry wood is a dark cherry . More of a mahogany even . so it will not match your lighter colored cherry wood furniture.I would recommend this to others though . Wonderful chair for the price .
 Very pleased with the glider . The box had a big hole in it and the ottoman had a little scrape on it.Very nice looking chair . Very comfortable , also.My daughter and son-in-law love their new glider to rock their baby in when she is born.Very fast shipping , also . Thank you .
 I brought it for my wife for her baby shower and she was very excited cause she has been wanting one . When I put it together which took no more than 5 minutes she sat down and did n't want to leave the chair . Every day after work she sits on the chair and takes a nap .
 The chair is exactly as pictured , good quality wood and nice upholstery in a pretty cream color . It is comfortable and glides really well . There was some squeaking , as others mentioned , but one shot of WD40 solved it , so that 's not really an issue . It was easy to put together too . I gave it 4 stars because the cushions are already sagging slightly after just one week of use , so I am not sure how well they will hold up long term .
 I really love my new Stork Craft Glider and ottoman . They came in perfect condition and it only took about 20 minutes to assemble . It 's exactly what I thought it would be from the picture . Love it ! Celia
 I received this glider as a shower gift from friends and I have no complaints about it . We 've had it about two months now and it 's great ! It matches the other baby furniture perfectly and works very well for our small house with very small rooms . The ottoman has started to get a little side to side wiggle , but I 'm sure that will stop once we retighten some screws . I use the chair everyday and night for nursing and with a small pillow added for additional lumbar support , I frequently fall asleep in it . Compared to other more expensive models this one is just fine . I sat in a lot of gliders trying to decide on which one I liked and there were of course some pricier models that were more comfortable , but also some that were a lot less comfortable . The fabric is nice and very easy to clean -LRB- so far all stains have come out with only a damp rag -RRB- . if you are a budget conscience person then this glider is perfect for you !
 Bought this a year and a half ago when my son was born . It 's been a great little rocking chair ! By far my favorite thing about it is that the handles are padded . When I used to nurse and now when I give my son bottles he 'll lay his head on the soft padding of the arm instead of me having to support all his weight , I did n't have that with my first son and have greatly appreciated it this time around . I love the pockets on the side and it has stayed in excellent condition , does n't look worn even after using it every day for a year and a half . When I first got it I was a little disappointed because it was lower than I would have hoped but I 've gotten used to that . It has stayed very clean , and when there has been spills it cleaned up well . It 's a great buy if you do n't have $ 400 to fork out on your dream rocking chair . : -RRB-
 The product arrived quickly and was carefully packed . It was easy for me to put together with good instructions . The chair and ottoman are well made and a nice addition to my home .
 I received this glider a few days ago and have glided/rocked in it for a few hours , collectively , and so far it seems like a very good glider . This is definitely not a five-star first-class luxury seat setup - if that 's what you 're looking for , then this is not for you . It 's fairly comfortable and cozy and for me , that was what I was looking for . Assembly was easy enough , it looks great , like the arm pockets .
 It is very comfortable and worked well for the middle of the night feedings . It does n't make any noise when gliding for us and we have had it for about 10 months .
 I couldnt believe the price when I saw this online . I was skeptical about buying it for so cheap , but I cant believe how good the quality is . I love it ! it is very comfortable and was not hard to set up at all . The shipping was quick too . I have not used it for our little one yet , but I sit in it all the time . I totally suggest buying this chair over a 300 dollar chair .
 very classy and comfortable ... why are people complaining about the seat cushion ? this is not a recliner . Rocking chairs in the past were never cushioned . perfect item for the money
 We just brought triplets home from the hospital this week . My wife 's hospital room , during her three week stay , had a glider chair in it and we decided we wanted one in our nursery . I selected this chair -LRB- beige fabric/cherry wood -RRB- because of the price -LRB- $ 129 in this combination -RRB- , figuring if we got a year out of it that would be great . I read the one and two star reviews that discuss the squeaks , but decided that we 'd live with it if we had to . And I figured , knowing about the squeaks ahead of time , I would be careful during assembly to try to minimize their occurrence.Here is what was delivered last week : The product is delivered mostly assembled , to my surprise . The ottoman is completely assembled , and all of the glider parts of the main chair are pre-assembled . My only tasks were to attache the chair back and two arms . The screw holes are pre-drilled with , i think , an embedded nut so they screw in quite easily . Cushions snap and tie on easily . I had the chair assembled in less than 30 minutes with minimal sweat -LRB- I did n't use the included allen wrench ; I used my own ratchet , which helped a bit . -RRB- I have assembled A LOT of Ikea and Home Decorator furniture . I expected this chair to be of that quality -LRB- or less due to the low price -RRB- . Instead , the piece appears to be of higher quality ; more solid ; better milled ; better joinery ; and more pre-assembled . I was VERY PLEASED with the item -LRB- and very surprised by how nice it seems . -RRB- Two points :1 . We 've only had the chair a week . No squeaks , but I ca n't speak to whether it will develop them down the road .2 . We like the chair so much , today I bought a second one identical to the first . -LRB- With triplets , we 've found too many occasions already when we want to both be sitting there feeding them at the same time . -RRB-
 This item was shipped very fast and placed right on my doorstep in a safe dry place . The package was light enough for me to slide/roll into the house & I 'm 20 wks preg . The ottoman was already completely put together -LRB- plus ! -RRB- . The rest of the chair came with all necessary instructions/parts/tools . It took me about 10 minutes to put together by myself with simple directions . The chair is beautiful -LRB- I got cherry wood color -RRB- , and looks just like the pictures . It even has large pockets on the sides of the arm rests , which I did not notice before . The only downside is that I feel it is a bit small , which on a good note makes it very light weight & easy to move around the room/house . I 'm kind of a bigger girl 180lbs , 5 ' 8 '' . My head goes over the top of the chair back , unless I slouch . The arm rests touch comfortably at my sides . I will use this chair & I think it will be great . It also glides very smooth & quiet . Hopefully it continues to do well ! I will write another review after good use . Thanks
 I love this chair . I bought it even though some people said in their reviews that cushions were not super comfortable . It 's a great chair - it 's great iduring feedings - you rock back and forth and the baby falls asleep . The second piece is great for the feet - makes you fall asleep too :-RRB- -RRB-
 I 'm very , very pleased with this product . It was extremely easy to assemble and included the tools necessary to put it together . I assembled it on my own in appx 15 minutes . The ottoman came fully assembled . The chair is surprisingly comfortable - my wife sometimes complains that she falls asleep faster than our son does when she 's trying to put him to sleep in this glider . I would definitely recommend it to others .
 I 'm waiting on the arrival of my little one but already absolutely love sitting in this glider . It is the perfect combination of softness but not too cushioned that you sink in and have trouble getting up and out of the chair . The little pockets on the arms of the glider look like they will be helpful for storing any items that need to be close by during feedings . I was expecting this to be one of the more difficult pieces of nursery furniture to assemble but it was actually the easiest ! I started to take pieces out of the box while waiting for my husband to get his tools to put it together and by the time he returned I had the whole chair put together it took 15 minutes tops . Also , this is hands down one of the cheapest glider and ottoman sets available anywhere I 've looked . This has been my favorite and easiest baby purchase !!
 It has a smooth rocking motion and the rocking ottoman is nice too . The assembly instructions could have been a little better but I got it together no problem . We rock our baby to sleep in it every night and in the middle of the night when she wakes up for feeding . Its comfortable and relaxing .
 A breeze to assemble , and really comfy . There are pockets hanging from the armrests that were a pleasant surprise , they are a nice place to hold books or cell phone .
 This was a present for a baby shower we threw my best friend and she absolutely loved it . Very useful and has lasted a long time . Her baby is now 1 years old and chair is still in good condition .
 Since I found out I was pregnant I told my boyfriend I wanted a glider . So we went looking at popular baby stores in our area but they were just to expensive and the seat portions were narrow . Then I went on Amazon I found this one . He ordered it immediately and in less then a week it arrived . I was at work the day it arrived and he assembled it in less than 20 mins . As Soon as I got home I sat on it to check the seat size and was totally satisfied . I am 8 months and sit in it comfortably . The cushion is wide , nice , soft and thick . I still have n't given birth but I sit on it everyday as I watch tv . I love it . My only gripe is the chenille fabric it tends to pick up any little dirt or dust , so I just wipe it down . I cant wait to rock my baby to sleep or breastfeed comfortable on it .
 I 've been using it for the past 8 months now , Love it ! the only thing I 'm just concerned about is that the plush or cushion might wear out and may not be as soft and comfy after a while because it 's not as think as I would like it to be we may need to order a new one : - -LRB-
 I purchased this for my daughter and my new grandson and they love it great price on this item fat shipment and good solid quality . I would buy again .
 This chair is great especially for the price . It provides very smooth , silent gliding and looks great . My only complaints are that the material is a little bit itchy if your back is bare -LRB- while nursing or pumping -RRB- , and spit-up leaves a noticeable stain .
 This is not the fanciest glider , but for the money , this is a very good value . Packaged well , easy to put together , comfy , and does what you 'd expect it to do . The pockets on the side are a nice touch for keeping books and other small items handy . Much better than a traditional rocker for the money . Especially since for this price , the Ottoman is included . That 's a nice bonus !
 This rocking chair is perfect for my baby 's room ! It is very comfortable to sit in .
 This was really a steal , I highly recomend it.The chair was exactly the same as described , they were selling it at my local store at double the price so it was a no brainer . Once I placed the order , it was shipped right away and it got delivered about 3 days later . The only reason I do not give it 5 starts is because it is an average chair , not top of the line , but we were not expecting that anyways .
 This chair is great . It was very easy to assemble . My mom was so impressed with it she bought one for herself .
 We got this for a present for out nursery , and I love the material and how soft the cusion is . My husban thought it was flimsy , but he sat on it first time and rocked it really hard and it made noise . It glides great and for the price I think it is a steal . Installation is super easy , and I do n't think anyone should rock the chair so hard/strong with a baby anyway.I would highly recommend this . My inlaw wanted to buy one for $ 300 , but I told her to get this for us since everyone had great experience with this chair .
 My husband is no handy man , but he was easily able to put it together at a time when I was 9 months pregnant on bed rest and could be of no help . Now that baby and I have been using it for a couple months , I can say that it is sturdy and very comfortable . I love that it 's so quiet . I can get up from nursing and not worry about squeaking waking the baby . The seat cushion is a little thin and probably wo n't offer much comfort in a few months and may need to be replaced ; the back cushion sags down , but it 's not enough to ruin the enjoyment of the chair . I really like the pockets . I 've kept my nursing cover in there , as well as a book or my cell phone.UPDATE
 I received my glider today , soooo excited ! And it 's really amazing . It was very easy to assemble and ` glides ' like a dream . I think it 's also amazing what you receive for your money . A well built , quality rocking chair with an additional rocking ottoman . I really think you get your money 's worth and more . There is a but though - the fumes . I assembled it in my baby 's room but had to take it out because the fumes were overpowering . I also wiped down the microsuede to see if that did something to the intense smell , but did n't really make a difference . I will be airing it out for a few days before I actually put it back in my baby 's room . Ca n't help but worry what type of chemical is so overpowering . At the end of the day , anything you buy today will be treated with something , which is why I ca n't give this product a negative review regardless of this problem . I 'm sure in a couple days it will clear out .
 Came within a week of purchase and could n't ask for a more perfect fit , every single piece came together without any care in the world . Beautiful color and fabric , cushions are super comfy , great for my any pregnant women especially if there due any day now !
 I am very happy so far with the glider and ottoman . The cushioning is nice , it seems to be nice and sturdy . The ottoman is sturdy enough , that my husband decided to sit on it while he puts the rest of the furniture together , not had a problem with it so far .
 Really enjoying the chair . Only reason it did n't get 5 stars is because it could use a little extra padding . I am less than 110 lbs . & find it difficult to sit in comfortably for an extended period of time . Set up was GREAT . My husband was afraid that he would have to put the ottoman together , but it came preassembled . We would definitely recommend it . It is a great set for the price you pay .
 Really great purchase ... my baby and I love this glider . My mother even has one for her home now . It 's perfect for breastfeeding or reading to your little one .
 This chair is a beautiful cherry color and was really easy to put together . It took me like 15 minutes . The beige cushions are a nice color too . The chair is a good value but an extra pillow for your back or bottom would n't hurt .
 I love this glider and ottoman . It was easy to assemble and matched perfectly with the nursery set we already had . It is not too heavy and I have been able to move it around as needed . I highly recommend this to anyone : -RRB-
 This glider was easy to assemble . A total of 20min max from start till finish . The only problem I see is the seat cushion could be just a little bit thicker . Over all I would still recommend this to someone . Ive been sitting in it for up to 30mins w no problems though .
 I think this is a great option for the budget conscious . It looks good , it 's comfortable , and does the same Job that $ 1,000 chairs do . The only negatives are that sometimes mine squeaks so I 'm gon na try some WD40 and hopefully that will help . Also , the seat cushion could be a little more plush .
 I am very pleased with the Stork Craft Hoop Glider and Ottoman Set . My son is 6 weeks old , and I have already gotten several hours of use out of this glider/ottoman set . It is very comfortable and attractive . It is a very good buy for the price .
 This rocking chair saved me . My daughter is almost one and I just got my rocking chair a couple months ago . We now have an excellent bed time routine thanks to this chair . I love it and it is super comfortable for both of us !
 I just ordered this chair for the babys room . Comfy , but bottom cushion foam is a little dense . Color is perfect . Love the color its a off white/light khaki color . Very easy to put together , took me less then 10min .
 Bought this glider as a gift for my daughter 's first mothers day and son-in-law 's first fathers day . And they absolutely love it ! We would recommend this for anyone . Great deal !!
 Update to my review - After using the chair for few weeks now , it is still 4 stars just because the cushion is very thin . It might not last for years . But it is OK as long as it lasts for 4-5 years which seems it will . If you are considering to buy glider , this would be the right choice with right price . One thing though I do n't use the ottoman . I use a little stool instead which I find more comfortable . It is a preference . There are plenty of gliders in the market with no ottoman but much more expensive than this item ... I gave 4 stars because not used it yet . I have few more weeks till the baby arrives . I can update my review once I use it . The packaging was very impressive . Great , just great . No scratches anywhere , no damage ... Assembly could not been any easier than it was . It is hardly an assembly . Just few screws , that is all ! I still have the cusions in the plastic bags it came with . I placed it in my room where my baby will sleep first couple months , so I can use it for night nursings as well ... I am very excited about this glider , as I heard so much great things about having a glider .
 Out of all the furniture that I have assembled , this has got to be the easiest . Just for that I would give this five stars . Wife very happy with the end result , glides smoothly and looks good .
 this chair is very well made and came as advertized . Extrodinarely easy to assemble without reading the instructions as both my wife and I are visually impaired . although quite comfortable , after sitting for more than one hour , the seat cushin gets a little uncomfortable . overall a great buy for the price !!
 This chair and ottoman are very comfortable and were easy to set up . We 'll see how it stands up to the test of time and baby , but so far seems like great value for the money .
 very easy to assemble , and very comfortable . Rocks silently and feels sturdy . Would highly recommend . The material is also perfect and wood color is a nice contrast to the material . Would fit any decor .
 This product was very easy to put together and all the pieces fit right into place . The color of the wood is just like the picture . Cushions are very soft and easy to put on the chair . An overall great product !
 Great chair ! Received it in the mail & it was packaged nicely . It was also very easy to assemble & came with a small tool to do so . We are very satisfied with this purchase & look forward to using it in the years to come . I am only giving it 4 stars because the ottoman seems useless to use while nursing since the gliding action created by using both at the same time will cause a odd movement . I had to purchase a foot stool to use with it instead . Also the space in between chair arms makes it impossible to use the boopy pillow . Also I would have perfered the cushions to be a different color , the off white seems like it would get very dirty very easy & hard to clean so I guess I will need to replace them soon after the wear starts to show . Overall a great purchase with some minor flaws .
 Its an amazing product totally satisfied . - Easy to assemble - Rocks great - Both glider and ottoman have exact level of smoothness in rocking - Two pockets on either side of arm rest - Feels sturdy
 No more than 20-minutes -LRB- if that -RRB- , from the time we took it out of the box to the time it was completely assembled . The arm rest pockets are genius ! The fabric is perfectly soft and with some carpet/fabric cleaner , it 's easy to spot clean . If you have a bigger mess to deal with , each fabric piece - except for the ottoman - snaps off to throw in the washer . I do wish they sold waterproof covers for these , though . The seat itself does feel a little short , but the ottoman and my Boppy pillow will make up for that . I 'm sure my 9month belly does n't help right now , either . *** UPDATE *** 2/10/12The chair started out great with quick and easy assembly . It 's been 7weeks since my son was born and I 'm still breastfeeding and constantly using this chair . Recently , however , the bars of the seat 's back support have started making clicking/clocking noises . It 's not terribly loud , but still slightly annoying and enough to bring this review from 5 to 4 stars . My son sleeps through it , so that 's good . I 'll still be adding some WD-40 , though .
 So far so good , this was very easy to assemble and is surprisingly sturdy . It 's very comfy and the wood matched perfectly with everything else we bought for the babie 's room : -RRB- If i run into any issues I 'll be sure to let you know : -RRB-
 This is an amazing glider for the price . I use this solely in the nursery , but find my husband in it reading from time to time as well
 I only put this on my registry after reading A LOT of reviews ... but I have to say , for the price this glider is GREAT BUY !!!! It took 10 minutes to unpack , put the back/sides and cushions on . The espresso color matches my graco lauren crib and badger changing table and organizer perfectly !!! I have already spent lots of time rocking in this , even though baby is n't here yet !!! I ca n't wait to use it more ! Big Plus is that my husband can comfortably sit in it and he is n't built on the smallest frame , I was worried he would be to big for it !!!!
 I was nervous about buying this chair without being able to sit in it first , given the fact that some of these go for 400 dollars or so . The cushion is a tiny bit thinner than I wanted , but it 's a real nice chair . Real nice .
 Absolutely perfect !! Quick & Easy to assemble . SO very comfortable . I found myself not only rocking my baby to sleep in matter of minutes , but i also rocked myself to sleep too : -RRB- Great buy , & fair price .
 I have this glider in a different color and bought this one for our friends who were expecting because we loved it so much . It 's an awesome value for the money and would recommend it time and time again to anyone . There 's no need to spend hundreds of dollars on a glider when one for less has the same function .
 We have been using this for the past month , Cherry and beige color . So far , very happy , and baby seems to like it . Its a lot more comfortable than I expected . My wife and I are not tall people , so the size of the chair is perfect for us . It shipped in a well packed box , the ottoman was already assembled . Chair assembly was very simple . My only gripe is that the seat cushion could use a 1/2 inch of more padding , but that 's just a minor detail . Also the back of the chair was creaking for a while , but seems to have dissipated . For the price , you ca n't beat this glider .
 I loved the looks of this chair when I finished putting it together -LRB- which was quite simple -RRB- but then I sat on it . It was n't terrible but it needed alot of breaking in . The cushions are quite cheap -LRB- I will be replacing them with better ones -RRB- All in all it 's a decent chair .
 Do n't be surprised if after about a year it starts falling apart , at least that is what ours did . It first started squeaking a little and it went quickly downhill from there . The bearings do n't hold up well and soon deteriorate into nothing , but a rod . We have started to cannibalize the ottoman now to fix the glider , but I think that we will just get rid of it and find something better .
 Finally put this together yesterday after a month of it in the garage , haha . It was SUPER easy to assemble , especially considering I 'm 38 weeks pregnant ! It literally took 8 screws and that was it ! The ottoman comes fully assembled . I 've sat in it a few times and rocked in it and it 's really comfortable . We 'll have to see how it does once the baby gets here , but I have high expectations : -RRB-
 When looking for gliders I was shocked at the cost most of them sell for . I even considered not getting one until my mother mentioned she could n't have survived without hers . I found this on Amazon & thought it was worth the risk to try it , even though it 's much cheaper than others we 've seen . I was remarking today that I could n't live without this glider so I decided to write a review ! It does exactly what I need , easy to feed baby with the boppy & it 's comfortable to sit in . I do n't use the ottoman as much as I expected but it 's nice to have there . Overall I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 i did n't put it together , my husband and his mom did in about 45 minutes ? but it 's very comfy and smooth gliding , and quiet so far.baby went to sleep , so , i 'm happy . !
 This is an excellent glider rocker the price is write no need to spend more money.I assembled it myself in less the 15 minutes . The bottom cushion is a bit hard I recommend that you buy a 2nd cushion just go to the manufacture web site you can find that on the outside of the box stork . com and call them it is only $ 15.00 but honestly this glider is well worth the money if you are on a budget do n't feel bad about getting this one over the more expensive ones . It is pretty and does the job just fine.It was packed with foam around the corners and did not sustain any damage.Assembly was very easy and the glider comes partial assembled , the ottoman is completely assembled.It has a nice warm finish and should match well with other cherry furniture . The cushions are a sandy beige color and are attractive.I 'd recommend this as a nice glider for someone looking to save $ $ .
 This is a wonderful chair . It 's so comfortable I could fall asleep in it . The price was great . It matches our nursery furniture/colors perfect . It 's a good buy .
 This is a great glider for the price point . It was well packaged , so that nothing arrived damaged , and putting it together took less than 15 minutes . I think for this price , the product is excellent .
 My husband and I purchased this chair to put in our twins nursery . It took us forever to finally decide on a chair but since we live overseas our options were very limited . I originally wanted the espresso/beige chair but it did n't ship to FPO . The only color that does ship over here is the Cognac/Denim . I was not crazy about the color but I would deal . It came within 3 days when it shipped so that was really nice . Most of it came assembled so it only took my husband about 10 minutes for him to put it all together . It is extremely comfortable and glides smoothly . The pockets on the sides are nice and large enough to hold some burping clothes , etc. I have to say the color looks MUCH better in person than in the picture . I am VERY pleased with this chair and you can not beat that price ! I would highly recommend this chair to anyone looking for a good nursery chair .
 Its so simple to assemble this thing . The feel that the wood is a bit light when you are assembling this thing but after it is assembled , it looks nice and sturdy ... Worth the low price of $ 125 I bought it at ...
 The chair assembly was quite easy . It took barely anytime to put the items together . I wish that the actual cushion that you sit on was thicker -LRB- more padding -RRB- . Despite that , the chair and ottoman move nicely . Furniture is also light weight , which makes it easy to move into different rooms . The price is right too ! You wo n't break the bank for these items .
 It took me less than 20 mins to assemble this furniture . We like it so far . My wife uses it to nurse our new born . It is a well thought of product .
 Chair was not difficult to assemble ... basically just had to attach the back and put the cushions on . Looks nice and has a smooth , gliding motion . No squeaks . Bottom seat cushion has a small stain on it , even though it was sealed in plastic . Not sure why . Just turned that side down & it 's fine . Chair actually arrived overnight . Maybe it was shipped through a local vendor ? Overall , nice chair at a decent price with free shipping . Good deal !
 This glider and ottoman are well made . It is nicely upholstered . Looks good and sits very nicely . It is very good `` bang for the buck '' at this price . This was very easy to assemble . I would buy another one in a heart beat . This is being used as a sitting chair on our front porch , no babies in this house . We just wanted a comfy place to sit and this is perfect .
 We got this glider and ottoman last week . Took my husband less then an hour to put it together -LRB- maybe 30 mins -RRB- . It is very nice piece . I really like it . Its smooth and compfy . Looks very nice too . The Cherry collor is lil dark , but its still cherry !
 Very easy to assamble , it functions smoothly and does n't make a sound . Very confortable and well made .
 I like the rocker although it is smaller than I had hoped and the pads are very thin . It looks expensive but once your in it you realize you got what you paid for . I will keep this rocker but if I had a choice I would have gotten something bigger and more comfortable . It was easy to put together , shipped/packaged wonderfully and cherry color is pretty . If your looking for a bargain chair to use occasionally this is it , if your looking for comfort , this is not it .
 this product did great help for my back when i nursing my baby , it really kill my backache and i strongly recomment it to every mama !
 I found this product to be better than expected especially for the price that I paid . I see these all over the place and priced higher than what I paid for mine . It is very sturdy and the color of the cloth is beautiful . I love that it came with an ottoman . Looking forward to using it more often when the baby comes ~ !
 Very attractive chair.Easy to assemble and super comfy . . ca n't wait to rock the baby in it!For the price , this is quite a steal
 What a great buy ! Was able to get this on Prime and it showed up in two days ! Opened the box and the only thing I had to do was put in about 8 bolts and we were gliding away ! The back pad and seat pad are very comfortable . The pockets on the arms are going to be a great place to store a go-to book , store an empty bottle , or just keep a soft toys while gliding the baby to sleep . We are very happy with this and how it looks in our nursery.The Cherry is quite dark compared to other Cherries that we 've seen and even have , but this sits between a couple Espresso shelves we have so for us it works out great .
 I really like it . It was easy to assemble . Easy to clean . I spilt a glass of wine on it 1st night and it left no mark . -LRB- I did n't buy it for a nursery item , I just wanted a glider rocker and I did n't want to pay all outdoors for it -RRB- . A month down the road it did develop a tiny squeak . -LRB- hence the 4 not 5 stars -RRB- . Another downside is one of the cats like it so much I have to fight him for it .
 This chair is very cute , sturdy , and well made . The only thing is it is a bit too tight I 'm 5 ' 5 &#34; and 160 lbs during pregnancy it felt a bit tight on the sides . After baby was born its comfy , but would go for a bigger size or different chair . Other wise great chair for the price . Would recommend .
 This is a good quality set that is nice looking and does n't look cheap at all . The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the seat cushion . It 's not the softest thing in the world , but it 's not bad . The back cushion is very soft . In addition , assembly was very easy , 10-15 minutes tops . Overall , I would definitely recommend this product .
 Loved this chair , purchased one for my mother and we both liked it so much I purchased another one for myself . Would have given it 5 stars but the seat cushion could be a little more &#34; cushier &#34; -LRB- real word ? -RRB- like the back cushion BUT great deal for the price !!
 I am a mother ... of two , 29 and 32 year old girls . I bought it for me , not to rock any babies to sleep . It has great support and and good padding with those lovely side pockets for my Nook when it is charging . This is not just a chair for mothers , but a great chair for any age .
 This chair looks so nice ! It was very easy to assemble -LRB- the ottoman comes fully assembled -RRB- . The armrest covers seemed a little short but with just a little adjusting my husband was able to make them snap properly . Very cushy and smooth gliding and it looks great with our Stork Craft Tuscany Crib !
 this glider is very comfortable and also looks good . it was very easy to assemble according to given instructions.i like this glider in all aspects except the thin seat coushion which makes you feel as if you are sitting on a hard surface.price is not too much and i would definately recommend this product .
 Worth the money , I read reviews and do n't understand some of them . I am 6 ' 1 '' 220 lbs and I have yet to crush or break this chair or even hear squeaks thus far . Wife loves it , cushion is not a plush couch like cushion but for a chair it 's sufficient . Definitely worth the money .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this chair . I already had a Little Castle chair in the nursery , but it is huge and I needed one in the master bedroom .1 . The arms of this chair actually hit in a better place for nursing than the pricier chair .2 . The arm padding is sufficient and comfortable .3 . The back does not support your head . It stops at your neck .4 . The bottom and foot stool cushions are not plush .5 . The chair sits low to the ground so it blends in with the room .6 . It was easy to put together .7 . There was a small rip in one cushion , but I will contact the seller tomorrow .8 . It arrived a day early.Overall , I would purchase this again , but as a second chair . You wo n't want to fall asleep in this one , nor will the cushions survive long , The price is right , though , For the price difference , you can find replacement cushions when/if you need them .
 My wife loves this glider . It is the perfect size we have it in the living room between two couches . There was n't room for a full sized recliner . This was the perfect size and she is in it all the time . She keeps her knitting in the pockets and is in it all the time watching TV and knitting . Perfect and Amazon makes it easy !
 I bought this for my first grandchild . It was easy to assemble , looks nice and my daughter say it 's very comfortable . I was concerned it may not hold up over time , it does n't seem very hardy but my daughter says she uses it all the time and it is doing great .
 THIS CHAIR WAS BOUGHT FOR MY DAUGHTER WHO WILL BE HAVING HER FIRST BABY IN JUNE OF 2011 . THE CHAIR IS A LITTLE LOWER THEN I THOUGHT BUT IS VERY EASY TO SIT IN FOR MY DAUGHTER . IT WAS VERY EASY TO PUT TOGETHER AND TRANSPORT TO HER HOUSE . THE FOOT STOOL MAKES A NICE ADD ON .
 I was quite nervous to get this chair but once we got it I have no regrets ! It is comfy and exactly what I was looking for ! Also easy to put together too !
 I have to say that I am very happy w / this product because it was well packaged . Minimum putting together because it 's basically done for you ! And i 'm so glad I did not buy a $ 300 or even $ 200 one because I paid less and got what I was looking for . So , I saved some money and was still pleased . You wo n't be dissapointed.If you feel that the seat is a little harder then you 'd like just put a sitting pillow and it 's done . Looks amazing in my nursery .
 This chair seems to be good quality , it feels nice and solid and has a smooth soothing motion . I put it together in about ten minutes by myself and I 'm 8 months pregnant . I agree with others who said that the seat cushion could be softer but it 's still over all a very nice item for a reasonable price . I 'm glad I went with this model instead of one from Target or Babies r Us .
 I received my glider today and being 8 1/2 months along i got it together in 15 minutes ! It was very simple ! i was worried about how tall the back was and how thin the bottom cushion was , however the back is tall enough for me im 5 ' 5 '' and im able to rest my head against the back . The bottom cushion is only about 2-3 inches thick but its foam so i think it may last and if not im still not worried cause i can just plop a pillow on there if it does . its very smooth . I know ppl have complained of squeaking so i can update this in a month or so after the baby and we have used it much much more ! but for the price im very pleased so far !
 Pros
 Getting the side arms attached to the back is not as easy as the instructions indicate ! The trouble is keeping the little silver doodad in the right position that the screw needs to catch into . We did it finally by flipping the whole thing upside down hanging off a table , which made keeping the doodad in place finally possible ...
 We wanted a glider , but did n't want to pay the $ 400 + that they were selling for at BRU . I went out on a limb and got this due to it being inexpensive , and had low expectations due to the price , but we gave it a shot . I was very surprised when I got the glider ! It looks great and was a lot easier to put together than I thought it would be . I highly recommend getting this glider if you are looking for one !
 I love this glider !!! My baby goes asleep so fast in it that i wish i bought it before she was born . The cushion is fine unlike other reviews are saying . If you do n't have your own cushion -LRB- booty -RRB- then it can be uncomfortable after about 45 min at least that 's what my husband pointed out . But I have no problems and I even sit in it without my baby : - -RRB-
 After researching in different websites , this particular glider kept coming above the rest . We received it in a timely manner , as usual , from Amazon . My husband put it together in 30 minutes without help . I love this Hoop Glider ! It 's very comfortable along with the ottoman . I 'm 34 weeks pregnant , so I have n't actually used it to comfort baby yet . The ONLY Negative point I can see for this chair is that it is kinda short , perfect for me since I am 5 ' 2 '' . However my husband is 5 ' 9 '' , so he 'd be more comfortable with a headrest or taller chair . Overall , this is a winner for me , and I ca n't wait to use it daily when baby Sophia arrives !
 I actually fell asleep in it last night with my son in my lap . My wife likes it , and when the new baby comes along , I think she will be in it quite a bit . I will hopefully get a chance to sit in it also . The only gripes I can find about it are the snaps for the arm rests do n't always stay snapped , and the seat seems to be starting to wear down a bit now . Overall , I think it was a good buy , and I would recommend anyone to buy it .
 I purchased this for my daughter and her husband who are expecting their first child -LRB- my 1st grandchild ! -RRB- . They love it !
 It is such a comfortable glider to sit in and rock my baby . It was a great price as well .
 Very nice chair ! A little weak for me -LRB- 270 lb . male -RRB- but perfect for my daughter , who just had a baby boy ! She loves it !!!
 I am satisfied with this chair although the seat cushion is somewhat inadequate . For the price I would recommend the chair .
 I was especially pleased with the product , cost , delivery time and the fact I was n't charged delivery fees . I bought the Stork Craft Hoop Glider and Ottoman for a gift to my daughter for her first born . I checked all over the internet for a like product and was repeatedly disappointed . I loved the convenience and my daughter -LRB- and granddaughter -RRB- love the chair !
 My husband and I purchased the rocker as a gift . The first one was damaged in shipment but Amazon shipped a replacement out immediately . We are very pleased with the rocker . My son had it put together in short order and sent us pictures of the nursery . It goes perfectly with the crib and bedding . We are all happy and ca n't wait for the baby !
 So far so good , it looks just like the picture . Very comfortable , baby loves it .
 We read a ton of reviews about various gliders and everything we read about this glider was true , other than a smell that some people wrote about . The chair is very easy to assemble , and the back cushion is great ! The bottom cushion is not as thick and soft as you might want it to be . After sitting in it for 30 minutes or so you will leave an imprint behind . Other than that , put your feet up and rock your baby to sleep !
 We looked several types in toysrus and other stores and decided to buy this one . We had it for about two months now . It works great . The only thing that cause me give 4 stare is that the cover material is not very smooth . It 's fine , but it could be improved .
 My buying decisions are heavily based on a thorough review of the comments of other customers . We shopped for months to find the right glider for us as our first baby is on the way . We shopped local stores , national chains and even explored the second-hand and consignment market . In most retail stores a glider of average quality was over $ 200 . In some cases we viewed gliders that offered only marginally better ratings , yet were 3 to 4 times the cost.We decided to go forward on this Stork Craft Hoop Glider because it seemed to offer the best value for the money.Our glider just arrived yesterday and our initial impressions are that this chair will hold up well as we plan our growing family . The packaging was adequate to protect the chair for shipping . The box arrived without any major blemishes and the contents were pristine and in their original packing positions . The build quality of the chair was better than I would have expected and the upholstery is of good quality . The entire chair assembled in about ten minutes . The chair is nearly complete , all you need to do is unpack the arms , back and upholstery and bolt these parts together with the included allen wrench . Once the back and arms are on , simply snap the upholstery in place . The glider mechanism is already assembled , as was the ottoman.Once the chair was assembled I spent some time in the chair to ensure that its comfortable and glides as it should . I am pleased to say that I expect this chair will provide comfortable seating for feedings and general playtime with baby . Others have commented that the seat pad is thin , while that is true , the foam used in the cushion is quite dense and there are zig zag springs under the pad to provide additional support and comfort.I 'd recommend that you buy this chair and use the savings to upgrade other purchases.My only comment would be that the fabric is very light in color , so expect that it may get soiled with just regular use . Perhaps we will test a water/dirt repelling fabric protector spray to increase its stain resistance.Overall this is a solid buy and a great value .
 My husband and I have twins on the way and bought this rocking chair for their nursery . We figured , for the price , it looked like a decent chair , and with having two babies , i 'd rather buy a less expensive chair and spend more $ on other items , so this was perfect.Pros : The price was great and it is a nice looking chair . Amazon was very quick to deliver , i got it a week earlier than the expected delivery date , so that was awesome ! It appears just like the picture , and is pretty good quality.Cons : It is missing the seat cushion . I guess i have to call Stork Craft tomorrow to see if they can send it to me , as amazon 's website says to contact the manufacturer . I hope this is n't a hassle because if it is , the chair will go back . Second , my husband is 6 ' 3 '' and he looks like a giant in this chair ! haha I am only 5 ' 3 '' so i fit in it perfectly , but it is a smaller chair , so if you are looking for a big chair , this is NOT it . Not a huge deal for us , he still technically fits in the chair bc he 's an average built guy , but he 's just really tall in it and it looks funny.So all in all i give a pretty good review , and i do still recommend this chair to anyone who wants an inexpensive chair for their baby 's room , however make sure you open the packaging right away bc we had missing parts.UPDATE : Just wanted to update that i called Stork Craft this morning to have them send me the missing seat cushion and their customer service was great , a person answered right away , there was no automated or press 1 for english crap :-RRB- And the lady was super nice and is sending it out right away . Good to know ! : -RRB-
 We have been using the chair for about a week for breast feeding and it is awesome . I am able to sit correctly and straight so my back does n't hurt anymore . I am comfortable so I do not rush feedings . Also , my daughter is more comfortable on it so feeds better . It rocks well and was easy to assemble .
 Great quality and great price . As always with amazon , super saver shipping is fast and unbeatable . Quality of the product is great and easy to assemble . Works wonderfully .
 I finally fixed up my nursery today , and tested out my glider and ottoman . Its nice and ca n't wait to use it . The fabric is not that soft and comfy as some people like when they suddenly sit on a chair . Its cushioned enough for me . If you want you can place a flat pillow on your bottom , to be more comfy . You can also lay your head back on the back pillow . Now that part is relaxing . It was easy to assemble . It took my husband about 15 mins to put it together . I told him to do it right , cause I did n't want to be falling if I have baby in my arms . So I watched him . And it came in a huge box and packaged very well .
 This chair is great for rocking our little one . The foot rest rocks with you and is super nice . The chair is soft and sleek feeling . It 's pretty quiet and looks nice in our living room . We were missing an arm in the packaging , but Storck Craft was incredibly helpful and friendly and sent us the right part quickly and without expense .
 LOVE IT . My whole family loves it . I bought this for me . Now my daughter is pregnant and I am getting her one for xmas . Dont tell her .
 I ordered this for my wife , and so far she is happy with it . The cloth is little rough , and similar item at another store has plush material , at similar price . that is the only issue I had . Over all good buy and value for money . Packaging was good and no issues found . Box looked like it had taken a beating , but contents were safe .
 after reading that some had problems with spring I decided to still buy . Glade I did it was fast to assamble is so comfertable to sit in . the springs have a cover over them to hold down dont knoe if people who had trouble had this cover or not.but if springs do cause a problem in fiture one would only need to staple across the end of the spring where its end goes into a pre drilled hole.All in all ai would buy it again .
 This glider is perfect for us . Excellent price as well . I have nothing bad to say about it and I spend a couple hours a day in it , either on my laptop or watching tv . Being 9 months pregnant and just waiting for baby to arrive , it 's definitely my most favorite seat in the whole house right now . : -RRB-
 I love this glider it went together easy and is really nice love it and so does my son so nice to have a comfortable place to feed my baby
 This chair and ottoman are not as soft as I thought they would be . However they are still quiet comfortable . The chair only had 3 parts to put together and I had no problem doing so by myself . A really good choice for the price .
 My mother bought this chair for me and I use it every other day . I am pregnant with twins and its nice and comfortable . very easy to assemble and less than half the price as compared to baby 's r us . I will definetely be using it more once the twins are born .
 I reviewed many Gliders , I read all the reviews and was totally confused , after read the reviews on this product I decided to take a gamble . I am totally pleased with this product . Amazon shipment was great , it was to my doorstep within 4 days . Assembly was a easy , my neice and her husband was able to assemble it . This Glider makes no noise and it 's great . I am happy that I took a chance on this and purchased it .
 very comfortable and easy to put together !! cant believe how fast it arrived after placing order !! no tools required !! would def . recommend this !
 Okay this product has been reviewed a lot . Its decent for the price we paid -LRB- around 130 -RRB- . It 's came well packaged and is easy to assemble . Some of the parts are not very precisely manufactured and hence the arm covers and seat cover wo n't fit very well . It make a creaking noise sometimes and looks kind of cheap , especially the cushions . However , I did n't want to pay 500 at the baby store for some other brand .
 This chair is n't the BEST out there but for the price , I ca n't complain !! It is really comfortable ! It matches perfectly with my sons Espresso colored furniture and it looks beautiful !
 I bought this glider / ottoman combo when I was about 6 months pregnant . I thought it would be helpful for those long nights rocking my baby to sleep and I was completely right ! Not only has it been helpful with my baby but it was also very helpful during my pregnancy . After a long day when my back was hurting , it was a comfortable place to sit and relax and read a nice book . It also looks very nice in my bedroom with my black furniture . Overall - great purchase and I highly recommend !
 It came in on time.Very nice , using for more than 1 month , no problem.Great product , great price .
 My goodness , have had this glider for over a month and it is perfect !!!! both glider and ottoman dlide so nicely and it 's perfect for me -LRB- I 'm under 5 feet -RRB- and my husband -LRB- who is 6 ' 1 '' -RRB- . Packeged greatly and so easy to put together - proably took my husband less than 20 minutes to put everything together.Amazon rocks !!!
 I really love my glider I have had it for a few months and me and my son love rocking on it great buy !
 I was a little worried about placing this glider/ottoman on my registry after reading some reviews . It was bought for me and it fit me perfect . I 'm 5ft 5 in and fit well . My brother is 5ft 11in and he fits well . At 34 weeks pregnant it took me about 1 hr 15 minutes to put it all together by myself . The hardest part for me was snapping the armrest covers down . That 's what took me 15 minutes . The cushion is firm , but to me its comfortable . We 'll update review once baby is here and its used full time .
 I purchased this chair in the white/beige combo . It arrived quickly , was easy to assemble and fits perfectly in my small nursery . I am 5 ' 3 and 135 pounds post-pregnancy , and find the chair to be quite comfortable . My husband -LRB- 5 ' 11 , 260 pounds -RRB- also sits comfortably in the chair . The only flaw - if you can call it that - is that the cushions do give off a slight chemical smell for the first week or so , but fades with time . Overall , I think this is a great product for the price .
 The chair was beautiful at first . It seemed very comfortable for the first few times I used it . After a while the cushions seemed thin and the fabric was not so easy to clean as I had hoped . A few milk spills and spit ups during feedings and the cushion was stained . Almost immediately the ties on the back cushion started to rip and now are completely ripped off of the cushion . Still has a nice , smooth gliding action and the chair itself seems to be pretty well made .
 This slider is just perfect ! We love it for our new daughters room ... We wanted a nuetral color and this one works great ! All her furniture is white and it fits right in ! and the price is the best part . Pretty easy to assemble as well . 5 stars !
 This chair is amazing ! Perfect size and well made . Super comfortable and have recommended it to many of my friends !
 I absolutely love this chair . It was everything I expected and more . Looking forward to rocking my twins to sleep . Came easy to put together and with all the pieces . No scratches , dents , nor tears !
 I ordered this for nursing my baby , but he has n't arrived quite yet ! I am sure it will be perfect ! It has dually been a great place for me to rest and put my feet up during pregnancy . I am petite -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- so it is a perfect fit for me . It was super easy to assemble and fits nicely in our small city apt .
 This chair is awesome for new and expecting mothers . It is easy to assemble , it is sturdy and it is comfy . It is worth every penny.I must admit that it is not as soft as the more expensive chairs but it does the trick . Besides the cushion is easy on and off so you can always replace it with some thing with more cushion.I would not recommend white if you have babies -LRB- especially one that spits up a lot -RRB- but the chair cleans easily with a little spot remover.I love it and my twin girls love it . We use it all day everyday ! Puts us all right to sleep .
 Just received the glider . It was so easy to assemble and it works great ! I love it !! I know that i will be gliding with this for a long time , thank you amazon !
 This is a great rocker . I bought it for my daughter , who is expecting a little one soon . She ca n't believe how comfy it is ! The arms are padded nicely and it glides smoothly . You cant beat the price , especially since it comes with a matching stool ! It has big pockets on the outside of the arms , which is so handy .
 Assembly was trivial . Very nice , quite , and comfortable glider . A little worried about getting the cushion dirty , since it does n't seem easy to clean . But , very good otherwise . My wife was plesantly surprised .
 I was a little skeptical at first ordering furniture online having not seen it before . But , the chair came very well packed and was easy assembled . The chair itself is very comfortable . The one thing that I would look for if I had it all over to do again was a locking mechanism in order to stop the rocking . This glider does not have one . However , I am very happy with it .
 Super easy to put together , looks nice and it is comfy ! It even matched our crib we bought in Cherry from another company . I love the storage arm rest compartments too !
 I bought this when I was pregnant . I loved it then and still love it now . My husband even likes to sit on it every now and then !
 Purchased for my daughter . The first one had a minor issue which was promptly resolved by Amazon ; a whole new set was sent and was perfect . Very comfortable and matches the nursery beautifully . Great value for the price . Highly recommended .
 This glider is very comfortable and I really enjoying putting my baby to sleep in it , but I am 5 '10 and it feels like I am sitting in a child 's chair . It is n't at all the size of a regular rocker . It is definitely a smaller version .
 Bought this because I wanted the ottoman . At the store I could only get a set for about $ 250 and up . We need the ottoman for the babies room since we have a standard recliner with side leaver which is not easy to use when having a sleeping baby in your arm . I ordered this Saturday and got it Thursday . Minimal assembly was required , less then 10 minutes . Quality is as decent as I have found in stores . I would most definitely recommend this item for the price .
 Easy to put together . High quality product . Great price for a nice product . My wife loves using with our new baby
 i got this as a gift and couldnt be happier with it . it was very easy to assemble , i was 8 months pregnant and put it together without much trouble . it is comfortable as well . i didnt get too much use out of it which was a bummer , but it looks nice and was quite sturdy
 Very nice and not too hard to put together ! Totally worth the price ... will use for a very long time ! Hooray !
 Very functional and comfortable . It fits me very well , and even my husband can fit in this small chair very well , he is about 5 ' 11 &#34; and 190 pound . Could n't find the capacity of this chair ... In general , I am very satisfied with this chair !
 I bought this rocking glider for my 11 year old daughter . She is special needs and is very hard on furniture . This glider is very comfortable and looks great in her room ! Although it looks a little bigger in the picture then what it actually is , I would definitely recommend it . So far , it 's well worth the money !
 We looked at several glider and ottoman combos in stores and they all exceeded $ 350 . We wanted a good quality and stylish chair however for something we are not planning on using for more than a year could not justify the price being charged in stores . We purchased this set from Amazon and were very pleased with the delivery time , quality and ease of assembly . It is a perfect size for a nursery , very comfortable and made of quality materials and is a great value .
 For the price , I could n't have asked for more . It 's not big and bulky like some other gliders and suprisingly , even with the thin padding , it 's very comfortable !
 The glider is easily assembled , looks great , and rocks smoothly . I would highly recommend this product to someone looking for a nice glider at an affordable price .
 Great Rocking Chair . Well priced . Have used it for 6 weeks so far with no complaints . Quiet so far . Very happy with the purchase .
 I been using this almost 4months now . . I love it . . only one small problem is it does n't recline . . but worth it for the price ... . if you go anywhere else you will be paying more . . I got it for $ 129 + 10 % off = $ 116 + free shipping ... use it ... . feel it . . I am sure you will like tooo ...
 First comfortable chair i have sat in in weeks ! -LRB- I am 32 wks preg with twins -RRB- and i even git a nap in on it for the first time in a good while ! Put it together myself in about ten min . -LRB- didnt have the patience to wait for somekne to get home and help . -RRB-
 We recieved this glider as a baby shower gift from our family & its beautiful ! It came almost completly assembled , which pleased my husband ! It is made very well , comfy padding , glides nice & matches the cherry furniture in our baby 's room perfect ! I love the pockets on either side to hold bottles , bibs , burp cloths.A must for any new parent ! Great buy , well worth it !
 these work well with either drop in bottle by playtex.they last longer than the latex ones .
 It was purchased for my grandson . My daughter specifically asked for this type of Nipple Drop-Ins . I got what she wanted .
 We purchased this extra set of nipples to go with our Playtex Drop-In starter set . They have worked well for transitioning between breastfeeding and bottle feeding during the past year and have not caused the dreaded `` nipple confusion . '' Having used this nipple in the Playtex Drop-Ins system and the slow flow nipple in the Playtex VentAire bottles , we have discovered that the Drop-Ins slow flow nipple has a faster flow than the VentAire . It is not so fast that it has caused any gagging or spit up issues for our daughter , but it does mean that the Drop-In nipples leak more if she is feeding herself and waves the bottle around -LRB- which is inevitable -RRB- . Although the VentAire slow flow nipples appear to be slower , they do not seem to be too slow to satisfy our daughter 's feeding needs . In summary , these are great nipples that work well for breastfed babies who switch between nursing and bottle feeding , but once baby starts feeding him/herself , they have a tendency to leak more than the Playtex VentAire variety .
 my 6 month oldd can only use the playtex slow flow and the price on amazon is great super fast shipping and great product
 These work great with the drop in system by playtex . I like that I can order them online with amazon prime so it avoids a trip to the store just for 1 small item .
 These work so well for my newborn that I purchased extras . The flow is perfect ; she does n't choke on them and she does n't have to suck really hard either . Easy to clean and more durable than the latex . Love the Drop-ins system !!!!
 Used them for our son and now our daughter . Amazon has the best price unless you 're using coupons at BRU or something . Love these !
 We bought it since I like the playtex system matching with the silicone nipple since we can sterilize it every time we use it , but for some reason my baby does not take it any more . I do n't know what is the reason .
 These seem to work for my baby . Not showing any `` nipple confusion . '' He 's breastfed at night , bottle fed during the day at childcare . Easy to clean .
 We must have tried at least 6 different nipples -- really wanted to go the glass bottle route , but even the born free system , which I believe had the best nipple of all the glass bottles out there , was awkward to hold , and heavy and the venting system did nothing for my baby 's reflux.When we switched to these -LRB- and the whole playtex drop in system -RRB- , it ended my sons nursing strike -- bottle feeding was no longer easier than nursing and nearly ended the projectile spitup -- which was a bonus I was n't expecting . I just wanted him to stop demanding the bottle over mom.In the end who knows what goes into glass bottles either -- and it is the heat and reuse of anything over time that causes the chemical leaching and release . So we did a lot of room temp , lukewarm feedings -LRB- this probably helped keep a preference for mom too -RRB- so as to not have to heat up the plastic to a high temp and it is not washed and reused so it made sense to me that chemicals would not be leaching into the milk as much -- I mean is anything 100 % ? Even glass if they do at some point discover something bad in them -LRB- like glass bottles used to be the norm , but then they discovered high lead content -- what is next ? -RRB- I wished I could have solely nursed simply because once you get the hang of it is easier than bottles -- which took me 1 month with my first and 3 months with my second , but I was a rare case of low supply AND slow flow . -LRB- It is very unlikely you will have this problem , but in the case that you do these are WONDERFUL ! -RRB- Some reviewers complained of slow flow -- and these truly are from the ones I tried -- lowest flow out there , but I felt this to be more natural , but really it was more natural for me -- I 've heard of women who have very fast flow -- and if that is the case you will definitely want a faster flow rate -- the idea is to create the most `` like mom '' experience . I believe that is why there are so many different products out there -- every woman is different , every baby is different . Trial and error , you will spend good money on products you end up hating -- it 's just part of being a parent . However , I 've read articles where fast flow too early was linked to higher obesity rates later on . And we had to fight with relatives who did not like feeding our babies because they took so long to eat and asked if they could enlarge the flow spout with a needle ?!! Choking Hazard !!!! Besides that , what good would it do them if they could down their bottle in 5 minutes and it took 30 minutes to get the same quantity from mom . Talk about putting a wrench in the already difficult nursing process . These would be great for preemies.If the flow is too slow , they have a medium and fast and a Y cut -- which we never used . My boys would have downed it in 2 minutes . Fast was fast enough . The only odd thing was every package with 2 had one that was a faster flow than the other in every flow rate -- very strange.I resisted these initially , partly because I did n't understand what drop-in meant , partly because I wanted to raise green babies and use glass , but mostly it was because it 's what my in-laws used over 30 years ago and my older cousin used for 12 years with her 3 kids and I was sure there was something better -- technology just had to have advanced in this area since then . lol ! But sometimes when a product has been around for this long , there is a reason -- it 's because it really works.When all is said and done , your child will be nourished and well adjusted regardless of what feeding system you use , whether you nurse or supplement or end up switching to formula entirely . Every route has it benefits and challenges and you have to ultimately choose what is best for your family , for mom and for baby . You may be left with feelings of guilt or pressure from certain groups or current trends , but in the end go with your gut . They do n't call it mother 's instinct for nothing . You will get the urge to try crazy weird things when figuring out what your baby 's needs are -- things you 've never heard of , and guess what ? -- much of the time it will work ! Happy Feeding !
 We switched to this nipple after using various other brands that do n't have the plastic bag insert , but the our little one was not happy after eating usually.Switching to this seems to make a big difference -LRB- along with other changes -RRB- . It is a much larger nipple than most other brands and it seems to be more natural.We moved from this at about 2.5 months to a medium -LRB- Playtex Drop-Ins NaturaLatch Silicone Nipple - Medium Flow - 2 Pack -RRB- quickly followed by the Tri-Cut -LRB- Playtex Drop-Ins NaturaLatch Silicone Nipple - Variable Flow Y-Cut - 2 Pack -RRB- .
 I ordered this because it was mentioned in an online article I read that was suggesting bottle nipples for breastfed babies -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . It 's definitely large in diameter to match the size of the breast 's areola , and it has a somewhat longer nipple than some other nipples in the market . I 've had the lactation nurse in my new mom 's breastfeeding support group mention that they recommend shorter nipples , as that 's thought to simulate the actual nipple . However , my son pulls on my nipple during suckling , so in essence he makes a longer nipple , and this perfectly satisfies this need for finding a nipple that resembles his experience when actually breastfeeding . It 's also good to note that I 'm not actually using the Playtex bottle with this nipple ; I 'm using the Evenflo Elite bottle . My husband especially liked the handling -LRB- feel -RRB- of this bent bottle , as well as the flow for the baby , and we like this nipple to match with that bottle . I 've tried several baby bottles and nipples that are in the market -LRB- and driving my husband a little nuts in doing so -RRB- , and this is how we mixed and matched it in trying to find the right `` fit '' for our son .
 This was the second type of nipple we tried with our daughter who is primarily breastfeed when we were starting bottles for daycare . She took to it right away and we have n't had any problems . The nipple is very soft and the base is nice and wide , exactly what you want in a bottle for a breastfeed baby . The slow flow is just about perfect for her , she is n't drowning in milk and does have to do some active sucking just like when she is at the breast .
 We are still using the slow flow at 4 months while I am working . I still regularly breastfeed the rest of the time . The baby likes the size of these and the flow .
 These were the first nipples that we started our newborn out with and she latched on and understood them well from the beginning . They are soft enough that the baby enjoys to suck and chew on them but hard enough that they emulate a hard breast well enough for a baby to stay focused and keep trying to get every last drop.Highly recommended and when you 're ready for a medium flow
 My breastfed baby takes this nipple with no problems . He prefers the latex but he will take this one too .
 Bought this for my `` lazy '' son for Christmas and he loves it . I love it . The cats all love it . It is of sturdy construction and very comfortable . Money well spent !
 Bought these for my niece because she could no longer find them at our local store . After comparing prices , this was a good deal for the double pack .
 These are different than the ones in store . They are a different color and a tougher material . My son wont drink from these but loves the ones I bought from the store -LRB- same packaging -RRB- . Definitely a great product for breastfed babies-just a real shame that the material varies !!
 My 7 week old daughter is breastfed exclusively and I have n't been able to get her to take a bottle at all . I even went so far as to spend $ 10 on a single bottle -LRB- Avent -RRB- and it did n't work . These nipples work ! I 'm not sure if its just the latex nipple or the whole playtex drop in bottle system . . but its working . . -LRB- occasionally -RRB- , so I 'm not changing anything . : -RRB- Of course , she is stubborn and will only take this nipple from me if she happens to be in the right mood and will only take it from Gramma if she has cried long enough to be absolutely sure I 'm not there . . but at least it is clear that she knows what to do with it , so she wo n't starve if I leave her with Gramma . . Though she might if I left her with her daddy . She wo n't take it from him at all . Still , one step at a time . . I 'm glad that we have at least found a bottle she is willing to try on occasion . If she is really hungry and the person giving it to her is patient enough , she will drink the whole bottle . : -RRB- PS . I did n't buy mine online because of reviews that recommended buying them from the store since they are n't the same when you order online , so I ca n't comment on the quality of the product if bought online . I found mine -LRB- nipples , nurser , and breast milk storage set -RRB- at Target and they were in perfect condition and work wonderfully .
 Used these with the Playtex drop-in system for my 3 week old when she started having trouble at the breast due to an ear infection . Could n't believe how easily she could switch back and forth between the bottle and the breast , she took the bottle first time it was offered with these , no problems , then went back to the breast a couple of feeds later with no confusion whatsoever . Not only got us over a rough feeding patch but now means we do n't have to face the horrors of weaning as it happened `` just like that '' with this bottle & nipple system .
 I have never written a review for the million things I have ordered off of Amazon throughout the years , but I had to leave one for this product given the peace of mind it has given me.First off let me say that I have n't run into the issue with the hole not being big enough or not been on the nipples that I have ordered so far and I 've ordered 5 packages of these so I can not complain about that but could understand how that could bePlaytex Drop-Ins NaturaLatch Latex Nipple - Slow Flow - 2 Packdisappointing , but I was willing to take that chance by ordering more of these given my success.My son was bottle fed and breastfed for the first 3 weeks of his life and then he decided that he did n't want a bottle anymore . I had read online about others having this issue and that I should try to find a new bottle the baby would take . I can not tell you how much money I spent buying all the different bottles/nipples I could think of . I tried the Dr Brow bottles/nipples , Medela , Born Free , Nuk , etc. . . but to no avail , my son would make a disgusted face anytime we stuck the nipple in his mouth which would then be followed by screaming . Eventually I gave up trying to give him a bottle.I really did n't have an issue exclusively breastfeeding him , but I was eventually going back to work and was worried about him not eating since once I went back to work , he and I would be separated for 11 or 12 hours . About 2 weeks before I went back -LRB- about 6 weeks after he stopped taking a bottle -RRB- , my husband and I decided to give the bottles/nipples another shot but with very limited success . It would take hours before he would finally drink and during those hours all he did was cry . I felt really bad for my husband who unfortunately was the one who had to try to feed him . Finally after a few days of trying that I found a forum board online where someone had recommended trying out the latex nipples -LRB- specifically these ones -RRB- . I had not even thought about latex vs. silicone before since most of what you find online is silicone . The person online had mentioned that this was the only nipple their child would take since it was much more like a real nipple so I decided to give it a shot . My son took to this nipple within a minute of my husband sticking it in his mouth and has been bottle feeding as well as breastfeeding since then -LRB- no nipple confusion at all -RRB- . -LRB- fyi - the same nipple in silicone he would n't take -RRB- I can not tell you how relieved I am to have found these nipples and I can be at work and not worry since I know he 's eating.If you 're having any issues like I was with a breastfed baby not taking the bottle I would highly suggest trying out these nipples . The cost of these just to try and see if they work is so worth it !!
 These nipples work great for my baby who was breastfed for 6 months . It took us a while to find one that worked for her and this was it . She still likes the slower flow instead of the faster and she prefers the latex over silicone . Guess it 's more natural ... she tugs at it and bends it like she did when breastfeeding .
 My daughter loves these niples . She wo n't latch onto anything else . They are the closest thing to the real thing . Easy to clean .
 I had read that the best time to start giving a bottle to a breastfed baby was between 4-6 weeks . SO when my daughter turned 5 weeks I wanted to find a bottle nipple that would most resemble the nipple of a breast so I would n't confuse her . I was nervous about trying this one only because when I was breastfeeding my son -LRB- who is now 23 months old -RRB- I tried giving him a NUK bottle that had a nipple that was supposed to mimic a real nipple . WELL - all it did was confuse the mess out of him ! He took in so much air and when I tried to nurse him later all he did was SCREAM because he was so confused ! Well , having had such a bad experience with my son , I was reluctant to try just any nipple . I had done a lot of research and this was the nipple that a lot of breastfeeding moms recommended . We tried it for the first time last night and I was amazed ! My daughter -LRB- who is 5 weeks -RRB- took to it like she had been bottle fed her whole life . I was expecting her to at least hesitate when the nipple was put in her mouth but there was absolutely NO hesitation ! Immediately , she started sucking and drinking the breast milk . Well that was half the battle the next test was seeing if she would nurse later . She had no problem going back to the breast !!! -LRB- Much to my relief :-RRB- -RRB- I hate that this nipple is hard to find in stores but I am happy that I can at least get it on Amazon - and it 's cheap ! If you are feeling reluctant about trying this nipple for a breastfed baby - you HAVE to give it a try ! And hey - if it does n't work out , you only spent a few dollars on it anyway .
 I tried every bottle I could get my hands on when trying to transition my daughter from breast to bottle before she started day-care with no luck . I had one latex nipple along with the Playtex drop-in system but saved it to last thinking since it was the cheapest in looks and cost so there was no way she would take it . In the end , it was the only one she would take . I believe it is because it was the most natural in feel and look . Also , I think the latex allows the warmth of the milk to be felt better than any of the silicone nipples as well as being softer . My daughter never took to pacifiers so I think the feel of the silicone nipples was too foreign to her . My daughter has very little gas and spit-up and I attribute that to the whole Playtex drop-in system along with these nipples . We 've been rotating 3 bottles at day-care for the past 3 months and so far have not yet had to replace a nipple . I did not find a difference between the nipple that was purchased at the store and the two I purchased from Amazon .
 I have tried the silicon nipples and most babies have difficulty with holding on to them as they are very smooth . The latex nipples have a texture that makes it easier for the newborn to hold onto . I just wish they were n't so expensive .
 My grandson was having trouble with the new nipples . They were hard for him to latch onto . These nipples are difficult to find and I found them here at a great price . Shipping time was minimal and they were `` just what he needed '' . Brand new and fast .
 I used these nipples with my daughter , and they were perfect ! It was an easy transition from breast to bottle and back . These never gave me any issues with clogging and were always easy to clean . My daughter loved them and the flow was perfect for her.Now , I 'm using them with my son and he loves them too ! I can not complain one bit about these nipples . I have had nothing but good luck with them and would and have recommended them to friends and family . I love the Drop-Ins system , but I was worried about the other nipples and wanted something more like the breast . Thanks to Playtex for delivering such a wonderful product !
 We use the playtex dropin nursers for our daughter who is mostly breast fed . When we first started trying to give her a bottle she seemed interested then spit it out and had a cow . About this time a friend passed all her bottles and nipples on to us and in that stash was one of these . We were desperate so we sterilized it and tried it . She took it right away without a fuss . I do n't know if it 's because this feels more like skin than the silicone or if it is because these have a textured ring around them that the silicone ones lack . Either way our picky breast fed baby takes and loves these things .
 When we found out we were adding a new bundle of joy to the family we immediately knew what bottles we were going to use . We have used and loved the playtex system with all our kids so it was a no brainer . I have mostly breastfed her since birth but she does get a nightly bottle from daddy . She will only take the latex natural latch nipples . Wo n't have anything to do with the silicone ones . She seems to prefer them because of the texture I think . They are great for breastfed babies . So if your having an issues getting your breastfed baby to take a bottle maybe give a latex nipple a try.Thank you amazon.com for continuing to carry such nessecary yet hard to find items like these nipples !
 I just love these . They 're the only nipples my son likes . They have a great texture that is n't so slippery in his mouth . Great for breastfeeding babies . I recommend this to anyone currently breastfeeding who wants to teach their baby to take the bottle as well .
 These latex nipples are the only ones my breastfeeding baby will take . We use it with the playtex original nurser which uses the drop-ins . We tried Dr Brown 's , Breastflow , Nuk , and Medela bottles but he could n't seem to latch onto the silicone nipples on those . I gave it 4 stars because the pack I received had one nipple that had melted a little which caused some of the cardboard packaging to stick to it . Boiling them does n't seem to take it off .
 I have been using these nipples for all of the first 6 months of my little man 's life and we have n't had a problem . Highly recommend them .
 My 2 month old twins absolutely love this nipple ! It super soft to avoid nipple confusion when breastfeeding as well . Since I have twins , I 've had to wash and boil these nipples twice as much . I 've never had a problem with the quality . It remains my favorite feeding nipple .
 I read the reviews for these particular nipples . It seems that the common complaint is that the holes are not a consistent size , which is true . They are not . However , my daughter has done wonderful on these nipples . I just marked the ones that had a faster flow and set those aside for later use as she gets bigger . I already had the Drop-in nurser bottles from my son and I was n't about to spend more money on new bottles if the latex nipples worked . It is a little frustrating but for me it was worth the time and money saved to figure out which nipples had the right size hole .
 Due to the latex allergies , this product is becoming harder to find in stores . I have used these for all 3 daughters but they do need to be replaced every 3 months .
 My daughter is 2 months old -LRB- 9 weeks -RRB- . I am still breastfeeding , but went back to work full time about 2 weeks ago . My husband is currently deployed so I had the daunting task of `` teaching '' my baby to take a bottle . I thought she would like the playtex ventair bottles because that is what I used with her older sister . Some days she did ok , other days it was like she forgot how to swallow and drink from a bottle . I decided to try Nuk bottles . They seemed even worse . My last chance was playtex drop-ins . The gift set comes with several different nipples . I put this nipple on one of her bottles and sent her to daycare . The babysitter told me that she did very well with this nipple so she just kept washing it and feeding her with it . I am so thankful we found these nipples . My daughter is very attached to breastfeeding , but these nipples make bottle feeding much easier !! Highly recommend for breastfeeding moms who need to bottle feed !!!
 After we left the NICU these were the nipples we used and my daughter took to them much easier than the harder nipples on standard bottles . We ended up using these until she was about 9-10 months when we switched to a different brand for faster flow .
 I exclusively breastfeed but needed bottles for my baby so I could return to school . We tried multiple bottle/nipple combinations and these are the only nipples he likes . I recommend trying a few different brands and styles before buying a lot of the same brand and style . Find what works best for your baby and do n't necessarily go by what is advertised as best for breast feeding .
 We started using these nipples to supplement our little guy and they worked great . There was no nipple confusion and he was able to switch back and forth from breast to bottle . They also fit the large Ventair bottles if you get tired of using the drop ins system . I did n't know that and switched to the smaller Ventair bottles and baby would n't go back to this nipple or the breast . During the transition phase we tried many bottles and nipples , and as far as I 'm concerned , this is the best newborn/transitional nipple out there .
 My 8 week olf hated all kinds of bottles and nipples and made me very nervous as I will be going to work in few weeks . I tried these nipples just by luck and she took them without ANY fuss ... just like taking my breast and I was pleasantly surprised and THANK YOU Playtex.One thing to watch for is some of the nipples do n't have the hole so check it before you offer it to the baby as she might get frustrated if she does n't get any milk .
 So far my baby has no trouble going back and forth from the drop ins with this latex nipple and the breast , which is all I can ask for . He does seem to be able to chug the 3-4 oz from this nipple extremely fast but he is n't choking or spilling all over the place , so I think the slow flow must be good enough for him .
 These are the most natural feeling . My daughter was breastfed but when she needed bottles -LRB- when I was working , etc. -RRB- these are the only ones I could get her to drink from . I REALLY wish they sold these in stores though instead of just online .
 My son loves it . Granted it is a little hard to turn , but I did opt for the jogging stroller w/o the swivel wheel . My only other problem was that the seat does n't sit all the way upright , which is great for a young baby that has little neck control , but My 18 month old who loves to look around has to sit up unsupported to see . The seat has an adjustable strap that is used to adjust the incline . Even tightened all the way it sits pretty straight , but not all the way . Regardless , my son likes going for walks in it , it 's easy to fold and unfold , it 's light , and compact . If I had to , I 'd definately buy another one of these .
 We bought this stroller for our 8 month old and we love it . The only but is the straps could be a little more secure , but other than that it 's great for the money .
 This is a must for a busy parent with exercise in mind . We put a lot of mileage into ours . Cup holder and key/phone holder are convenient . It is foldable but that did n't relate to us so I ca n't comment on that . Soon need new tires ! I would recommend this to a friend . I would by it again .
 Bought this nearly 2 years ago when our second son was born . I will never go back to a regular stroller again.Though it can be a pain to transport , it 's a must have if going to anywhere outdoors where a stroller is needed . It gets across all kinds of terrain with ease . No swivel for the front wheel so if you are making a turn you have to lean the whole thing back onto the rear wheels , but it 's really sturdy for jogging etc -LRB- I rollerskate while pushing little Max around in his -RRB- . Compared to the super pricey terrain/jogging strollers out there this one is the bomb .
 I am not a `` jogger '' or runner , but this stroller is good also for walking . The one downside -LRB- for walking -RRB- is that the fixed front wheel means that I have to tilt the stroller in order to turn the stroller 's direction , but the stroller seems durable . The back of the stroller seat is also leaned back a bit further -LRB- even at its most upright position -RRB- than looks comfortable for my child , but it is n't that big of a deal . The shade does a pretty good job of covering my child .
 My wife decided she needed to excercise so we looked around for excercise strollers.Holy Cow are they expensive ! We checked all the local stores and they had some very cool models but were all over $ 200 . I found this on Amazon for a reasonable price . Reading about how its a fixed wheel stroller we dont expect it to be able to turn on a dime.I can not beleive that Amazon ships this for free , this is a real bargain , especially if you live in Hawaii !
 We got this stroller when our daughter was born . I started using it with her at about 2 months despite it not being recommended for children under 6 months . I needed to start getting my baby weight off . The seat reclines almost flat and I put one of those neck support thing in there like you have for your carseat . It worked great ! She was stable and safe and neck protected and I could go running before she turned 6 months . I also use it frequently to go rollerblading . It works great for running , rollerbading and walking.The fabric is scratchy ... I used a blanket when my daughter was little . Now she is 15 months.The harness straps suck . . but manageable.The thing constantly pulls to the left !!! BUT ... . I FIXED IT !! I returned this once because of the same problem and the new one did the same thing . Would make me so angry because it made it really hard to run . All you have to do if the stroller pulls to one side is adjust the wheel a little . I hope this makes sence ... mine pulled to the left ... so I undid the front wheel and barely pulled the wheel down on the left side . The right side I had completely pushed into the fork . So there was a very small gap between the pin and the fork on the left side . Then I just tighened it and went on our way . Since that time I LOVE the stroller !!!! Nice basket underneath.Rides very smooth.Works great on all terain!Would be nice to have a snack tray.The sunvisor is WORTHLESS . I purchased a cover that protects from UV rays . Now its fine.I know this may all sound a little negative ... but I am one that expects the worse and hopes for the best . I read all reviews on anything before I buy it . Overall I am very happy with this stroller . We are pregnant now and need a double . Looking into getting the same one in a double.Hope this helps !! : - -RRB-
 I run a decent amount and after having a baby I needed a jogging stroller . One of my co-workers recommended this on -LRB- he has the same one and has clocked hundreds of miles on it -RRB- . Overall - Great for the money.Pro 's . * Light * Decent assembly & buildCon 's * When folding up , the hinged design they used sucks * water bottle holder too shallow , bottle almost falls out . * does n't go straight .
 I purchased this for a friend who has a 4 year old . He is on the high end of the weight limit , but this product has held up extremely well . She joggs on dirt roads , so that is really impressive . Her son absolutely loves his `` ride '' . He can nap , play electronic games , or just watch the scenery .
 We registered and received this as a baby shower gift and am I glad that we did ! I assembled the stroller with some help from my mother-in-law but it was very easy to assemble . The alignment is slightly off on the front wheel but I have never tried to adjust it ; I 'll get around to it some day.Pros
 I think that this stroller is an excellent value compared to the price of very similar items where we live . It seems well built , was easy to put together and the baby loves it . The only issues I have are that the foot rest did n't want to go on correctly , the cup holder keeps popping off , and it is hard to turn without lifting the front wheel off the ground.Our family has used this mostly for trail walking and on city sidewalks . When trail walking it is hard to build up speed and then go to any side . You have to lift the front up to move sideways.I would purchase this stroller again-the few things are n't bad enough to deter me .
 Needed a starter jogger because we were n't sure of our commitment to the sport . Did n't want to spend alot if we hardly used it . After a ton of research settled on this one . As a jogger works quite well . Was easy to assemble . Received the shipment days earlier than was estimated . Overall , very good bang for the buck and the purchase process went without a hitch .
 I needed a jogging stroller , I have to say I have n't jogged much but still I wanted to . The stroller is light to be a jogging stroller , it fits great in the trunk of my car . The tires are huge which makes it really stable . I do n't like that if the baby is too small he was hitting one side of the stroller and it was hard metal with just cloth cover in that area . He 's bigger now so I do n't have that problem as much anymore . You ca n't get a better jogging stroller for the price anywhere else unless it 's used . I looked everywhere and as usually amazon.com was the best place to get what I needed : -RRB-
 I love this stroller . I ordered it in Sungold because that color was the cheapest . I am glad that I got the bright yellow color . It is very visible . Hopefully we wo n't get hit by any bad drivers.I ordered from BabyAge and shipping was super fast.I had read the reviews and was aware of posted complaints . The straps/buckle are not too cumbersome . The bottom strap part that goes up through the baby 's legs is a little too wide . It is okay for my very large 12 month old -LRB- wears 24 month clothes -RRB- . The strap is thick and not very pliable and over 2 inches wide . I have not found a bottom strap like this on any other baby product . Because it is so wide , baby has to keep his legs slightly spread . I can imagine that it might be more of a problem for smaller or younger babies.The fixed wheel is great for jogging . It is slighty less manueverable than a swivel wheel , but more suited to our needs . My baby 's grandparents love walking him in this stroller . They do not mind the fixed wheel . It is much easier to push than the traditional shopping mall stroller . The baby seems to weigh half as much when pushed in this stroller as compared to in the traditional stroller.This stroller is not the top of the line . There are a few quirks - the molded plastic cup holder tray thing seems ready to pop off , and the molded plastic fender we received is not perfectly symmetrical . These have not been a problem to date . I am pleased with the quality of this product given its price.I also ordered -LRB- from Instep 's website -RRB- the rain cover that goes with this stroller . It was $ 20 plus shipping . Seems to work pretty well . I am more likely to use the stroller in cloudy weather because of the cover . We tuck it in the basket underneath in case of showers .
 I ordered my InStep Run Around Stroller on May 10 , standard FREE shipping . It arrived this afternoon , May 13 . Wow Amazon -- you rock ! The stroller was super easy to assemble . The wheels come off in a snap . The stroller is really solid feeling , and the tires are inflatable like a bike , so the ride will be smooth . It 's a very pretty stroller and for 99.00 dollars , I think it 's a great value . It is very smooth handling and I think the venting and visor are both very adequate for a child under 50 pounds . I will have to get a head support type pillow , but I 'm satisfied with how far the seat reclines and will the storage containers . All in all , I think that this is a great deal . I gave 4 stars only because it 's pretty big and I had to take the front wheel off to store it in the trunk of my Volvo S40 . I 'm very satisfied with the product and amazed at the service . Very satisfied customer .
 The InStep Run Around LTD was just perfect for what we wanted . Probably the first thing to consider when looking for a jogging stroller is the front wheel -- swivel or not ? I think the fixed front wheel is much better than the swivel wheel , because , as I have found out , it 's not difficult to guide the stroller to the left or right while running . If you 're walking , just push down on the handlebars to lift the front wheel slightly , and turn . No problem!The stroller folds in half in one quick motion . Also , the rear wheels are the easiest to remove that I have ever seen ! Just one lever and they 're off . The front wheel is another story , though ... The LTD model comes with a basket underneath , which is essential for jackets , bottles , and snacks . It also comes with shocks on the back wheels , but I found the stroller does n't weigh enough to activate them while running.The only criticisms I have are that it was a little difficult to assemble -LRB- but not too bad -RRB- , and the molded plastic cupholder did n't fit onto the handlebars very well . Also , the little clear plastic fold-down visor on the LTD was pretty much useless . On the other hand , the entire canopy un-velcros from the back and tips forward , if you need some extra sun protection from the front.Overall , I recommend this stroller for walking/running with your little one . We love it !
 I really this jogger . I 'm a non driver so i do quite a bit of walking . It glides over any sidewalk with ease . I only have one issue . There not way to lock it close when not in use . I do quite a bit a flying so i was a little dissapointed about that . I suggest getting a bungee cord to wrap around for traveling .
 A true jogging stroller has a fixed front wheel , this one does . I like the compartments , the wrist strap , the shade that extends to protect my son from the heat and the hand brake . I dislike the mesh on the back of the baby seat , if he wants to sleep during my jog he ca n't have complete darkness . I wish the seat had more padding and a bar across the seat for toys .
 I love this stroller . It is much easier to push and gives my grandson a smooth ride even on rough terrain .
 This is a great stroller . Easy to assemble and transport in your car . Granddaughter loves it . I would recommend it .
 Needed a decent jogging stroller and did n't want to spend an arm and a leg for it . Set up was a breeze and my daughter loves it . She even falls asleep while i am jogging so the ride is smooth . Great price and the free shipping was a great incentive to buy as well . Total cost was half of what was being sold in the stores around here . Buy it with confidence .
 I 've been very happy with this jog stroller ! It feels super stable on the road and folds easily to put in the back of my car . If you have a smaller car it would be a bit more cumbersome to put into the trunk . The basket underneath is perfect to hold a purse or small bag . After I bought this the directions stated that it was not recommended for use with infants , but along with the Kiddopotamus Snuzzler Complete Head and Body Support it works GREAT for smaller children . I also like that the back adjusts to recline or sit up for children to either sleep or look around , however , if you 've got the back in the reclining position it takes two people at times to use the sinching tool and get the back up into the upright position .
 I 've had this jogger for 3 weeks now , and I love it . It feels very sturdy and durable . My 21 month old child loves it too . Some have complained that the brake does n't stop the jogger . This is true , but when running I do n't want the jogger to stop immediately . I 'd run right into it and possibly injure myself and/or child . Also , when running down hill , I like to slow the jogger down , but I would n't want it to stop . The cargo space and tray are roomy . It has a fixed front wheel . It was easy to assemble . Wheels come deflated .
 We love our new stroller . We had to do some adjusting of the front wheel to get it to go straight but once we did that it worked great !
 Probably the first question you need to ask yourself is
 The other reviews I 'd read almost caused me to not buy this stroller , but I 'm glad I did . For such a low price , you get a great stroller , that comes in great condition . Very easy to assemble , and lightweight . I can only think of two very minor things that I am not satisfied with
 This well-priced 3-wheeler is excellent on pavement , grass , and gravel . It takes potholes well , and seems quite sturdy . It 's not for use in stores or tight spaces , as the turning radius is quite wide . The harness is the only thing I do n't like about this stroller
 I was so excited to get this running stroller . I was rather shocked to see how cheap it was , compared to the other running strollers . I really did n't expect such a nicely built product ! I had done my research on many others . For the price , this is an exceptional product . It 's not really lightweight to lift in and out of a vehicle , since I have to travel to where I actually use it . It does fold up very easily ! It has 2 locking brakes for the rear tires . I had to learn the hard way to make sure you have the brakes locked all the way down . I thought I locked the brakes and when I went to put my son in the stroller , the stroller was rolling half way down the road . I got so freaked out about it , that it took me two more weeks to get the nerve to try it out again.There is some minor assembly required . It uses actual bike tires , that do need to be pumped up prior to use . The hand brake has to be adjusted before you use it ; it 's just like a bike brake.There are two cup holders and a small compartment to put your keys or something in it . I found it was great for my water bottle and my mp3 player.The seat does n't look too comfy for the little one , but apparently it must be . The stroller moves so smoothly over pavement , that my little guy was asleep approximately 1/4 way through my walk . I think it has independent suspension on the tires , because the stroller does n't bounce at all and I walk/run on bumpy paved road.It 's very smooth and easy to push ; not at all like a normal stroller . The handle is padded and feels good to grip . It takes some getting used to running with , if you 've never run with one before . I 'm just started out and it 's an adjustment for me , but it moves so smoothly . I love it!It has a small netted basket at the bottom for putting a small bag or other stuff you need to carry . It also has a nylon strap that can go around your wrist you when you 're running , it 's an extra safety measure if you accidentally let go of the stroller , I guess.Really the only problem I had with it , is the sun canopy/shade cover adjusts , but when you move it forward , the back part does n't have any support to stay up on its own . I found myself hanging onto one of the straps that tie it to the handles , just to keep the sun out of my son 's face . I would recommend the manufacturer look into making the canopy more sturdy on both ends , so that when you 're facing the sun , the canopy can be adjusted properly to block out sun from your baby 's face.Overall ... I would rate this stroller 5 stars . I would definitely buy it again and highly recommend it for the price !!!
 Great Stroller ... has great shocks for the runner and moves easily around varied terrain . A nice price for a durable stroller ... also has great undercarriage room for snacks , water , etc. and a place up top for cell phone , keys , or whatever . A great buy for the price !
 First off , I have to say that this is a fantastic running stroller once you get it up and running . I have had a swivel wheel running stroller before and it just did n't cut it when I really wanted to run . This stroller is no frills but plenty of space for my almost-two-year-old and storage space for me . The mistake I made was not reading the instructions carefully . I had read several reviews about alignment problems and blew them off as a just a few bad products . When my stroller arrived -LRB- very promptly I might add -RRB- I glanced at the instructions to get the gist and assembled my stroller and immediately took it for a run . This was a mistake , I immediately thought I had a huge alignment problem and gave myself an arm workout trying to steer it for 3 miles . When I got home I looked at the instructions again to see if there was a mistake I made and right there it said `` note if you have alignment problems simply unhook the quick release , adjust the wheel in the opposite direction and re-tighten . '' Once I did that my stroller has been perfect for the last six months and I 've been running 5x a week with it .
 If you 're used to a regular 4 wheel stroller than it may seem a little awkward at first . Once you get the hang of it , you 'll love it . I love that it has 2 baskets underneath and 2 cup holders on top , one for me & one for my 2 year old . It rides smooth and that 's great for when they fall asleep . I had some problems at first when it was steering to the left . So I checked the tire pressure like it said in the instructions and that fixed it . I have mostly used it on paved roads . A few times I took it on dirt hiking trails & it still seemed to ride smooth except when I tried to go over some rocks . Then it seemed too bouncy for baby . So I do n't recommend rugged terrain . I know Instep is a great brand because my friend had an older model that she let me use until I got a newer one . It lasted her 5 years and 2 kids !
 I wanted a light and simple jogger without all the extra fuss , and that is what I got . It is very sturdy and seems to be well built - it has survived long jogs on rural farming roads ! If you are looking for amenities , this probably is n't the stroller for you . It does n't negotiate sharp turns well at all , so I would n't advise taking it to the mall or the grocery store , but it is an awesome stroller for getting out and getting some exercise .
 We love this stroller . We live in a wooded area and our other `` expensive '' stroller just wasnt cutting it . This is is a GREAT VALUE ! I have a little boy and the colors are great too . The only bad thing I would say is it doesnt take corners that great , but that could be typical of all joggers . The hand break also doesnt bring the stroller to a complete stop -- esp on steep hills/roads . All in all , I would buy this 10 more times . It 's a great buy !
 Works good ... kinda hard to turn curves . I walk a lot and use my stroller regularly . This one takes up less room in my trunk then my regular stroller .
 We are very happy with this jogging stroller for the price . It is light yet quite solid and easy to push when running . The `` break point '' in the middle flexes a little so that is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . It really does n't affect performance but it would feel a little better if this joint was more solid . Great deal . Unless you are a serious runner , and I mean serious like you 're running sub 6 minute mile pace , this stroller should be fine for you .
 Love it . I only gave it 4/5 stars because it would be cool if it had some features that the more expensive ones have .
 The stroller arrived very quickly and the quality is very nice for the money . In hindsight , I would spend the extra $ $ for the front wheel to swivel . Overall , the product is what we needed and my daughter always falls asleep when we are walking .
 The product is very good and we are satisfied . The straps to hold the child could be better , as they are not as easy to use as those in other strollers . However , it is not a big deal and you quickly get used to it .
 The glider is an attractive piece of furniture and works very well . The colors are what we were hoping for too . We highly recommend this chair . For the price it is a very good buy .
 This valance is adorable and matches the crib bedding set that I purchased somewhere else a few years ago . We moved into a new house and I needed another valance to match the previously purchased set . The quality is good , but when I put the valance up I noticed that it is not exactly the same as the ones I purchased about 2 years ago . The yellow fabric at the top of the valance is yellow as pictured , but it is made of a stiff cotton fabric instead of the soft , flannel-like fabric on the other two valances that I have . KidsLine may have changed their product in the past two years and I when up on the window it is not that noticeable . So I have kept the product despite my minor disappointment .
 Works great . no tipping incidences for my 27 month old son . A great stool to help him learn how to wash his hands and get to the sink .
 This is a very well made and sturdy stool . Love the grips on the bottom .
 This is a wonderful step stool for a toddler who is learning to potty train . We have one in every bathroom.Pros : It is light weight enough that my daughter can move it to the toilet by herself.The grippy `` feet '' are n't so grippy that it wo n't slide across the floor when pushed by her.The grippy `` feet '' are grippy enough that it does n't slip slide around when she steps on it.I have found it to be extremely stable and it has never tipped over for us.The cut-out legs allow it to be pushed closer to the toilet than a stool that does not have cut-out legs . -LRB- I have tried them and there is a gap between the stool and the toilet . -RRB- Cons : The only thing that is a bit frusterating is that it is a bit short for two situations . Washing Hands and a taller toilet . She can reach the stream of water but not the knobs so I have to help her wash her hands even though she could otherwise . -LRB- The bathroom is too small to have two different stools on the floor . -RRB- One of our toilets is a little taller and it 's a little bit more difficult for her to sit on the seat . These are really minor concerns and if it was taller it might be unstable . In spite of these small frusterations I still give this product 5 stars .
 This is just an all around great product . It is very sturdy and has a non-slip surface on the whole top . The part that touches the ground also has non-slip surfaces . Holds it place very well on bathroom floor tiles.Not the most beautiful step-stool , but I did n't buy it for looks .
 Purchased white step stool 2 years ago and still looks quite new . The top rubber surface and no skid pads on the bottom are very effective . My personal favorite feature is that it is very lightweight which allows even my 2 year old daughter to pick it up and move it -LRB- or throw it into the bathtub and play with it in the water -RRB- .
 Bought 2 steps about 4 yrs ago . We still use them today . Very durable and easy to clean . The only con is that if a child steps on it but close to the edge the step stool will tip over .
 This was a great purchase with the Baby Bjorn Toilet Topper . Together they are aesthetically pleasing if you are worried about that sort of thing . More importantly it is safe and sturdy ! A must for potty training on the big potty !
 This stool is great ! Easy to clean , easy for kids to move on their own -LRB- for better or worse ... ;-RRB- and it is sturdy .
 My 2 year old is in the 90 % for her height and she still has to give herself an extra boost to get onto the toilet and her feet do not rest on the stool . She is not able to reach the sink , either and the counter comes up to her armpits . However , this stool is sturdy and we have had no problems with slipping or tipping . I feel that she 'll grow and eventually get more use out of the stool .
 This is a great product . Before we purchased this , our three year old could n't reach the sink or toilet by herself . We had a big wooden stepstool , but it took up too much space in the bathroom . She can move this herself and it 's such a pleasure . It 's lightweight , sturdy and since her favorite color is pink , it 's a big hit . We bought three of them ... one for each bathroom .
 I love how stable this stool is - does n't slip or slide under my son . The problem I have is that it is about 3 '' too short to be useful with our normal height toilet . My son 's feet do n't reach the stool when he sits down .
 I purchased this step stool when we began potty-training our twin boys . Nice features are the neutral white color and non-slip rubberized top and legs . It is pricy - I probably could have found a similar product for a lower price .
 I have 2 of these , they are great for giving him security when he 's perched on the big potty , and is also the perfect height to wash hands in the sink -LRB- for a 2.5 yr old of average height -RRB- .
 I looked at a few options before I choose this safe step . It is well made and very sturdy . Only the best for my grandbabies !
 Great product ! My 2-year-old granddaughter can now safely step up to the sink when brushing her teeth and washing up for bedtime . This has grips on the bottom so it does n't slip on the bathroom tile and the whole top surface is rubberized so that her feet ca n't slip . It is also very sturdy and compact enough to slip under the sink when not in use . We love it and are very happy with this stool !
 We 've owned this for 8 months so my son was 30-38 months old when using it . He has been 29-32 pounds in that time and uses it to get up onto a potty and then moves it over to get up to the bathroom sink . It has not once tipped over . After reading some of the reviews on Amazon that cite tipping as an issue I tried to tip it over . The non-skid material on the bottom of the stool grips the tile floor well . I could n't make it even begin to tip when trying and my son has never fallen off of it.After reading all of the reviews about tipping , I would not buy this stool . Given my own experience though , I think it works well for a 30 + month old , 29 + pound child on a tile floor .
 I bought this for my 20 month old son bathroom . This stool is very sturdy and because of the rubberized bottom does not move on the floor which is a big plus . It is a great height and helps him be able to reach the sink . He wants to wash his hands all the time since he is able to reach ! He can also get on and off this stool his self being that it is sturdy enough for that . I have never had a problem with it moving or tipping over . Great buy !
 I bought this hoping my 2 1/2 year old son could use this step to get to the toilet and use the big boy toilet with the toilet trainer seat on it . But this step is shorter than his kids training toilet that with the lid closed can also be used as a step . He can not get on the toilet himself and can not reach the sink with this step either . This will work good when he is a little taller .
 When I was looking for a step stool for my kids I was astonished at how ugly so many of them are . The Babybjorn is a nice and simple design an adult can live with , and a cute , but not cutesy-ootsey , graphic -- just enough to look `` kid-friendly '' . And the step stool works excellently.I 've noticed a number of reviews talk about 2 or 3-year olds using it . And I 'm guessing from what they said their kids are using it as a potty step . I guess some 2 or 3-yo could successfully use it , but I would n't recommend it in general . Mostly , I see it as a sink step , for kids who are using or beginning to use the sink to wash their hands or brush their teeth , usually around 4 , maybe a bit earlier . Personally , I think most 2-yo kids are not ready for this type of stool , especially around toilets , which are pretty unforgiving if you slip up near them.A nice thing about this step stool is its light weight . My 6-yo happily carries and uses it wherever she needs it . And yet it is sturdy . Even my wife and I -LRB- ~ 200 lb -RRB- use it sometimes -LRB- but not together ;-RRB- . It 's survived 2 years of use , and still looks fine .
 This is a wonderful little stool . My 16mo old can take it where she wants it and it is a great height to be able to help her see over the bathroom counter and get up on our bed -LRB- which is lower -RRB- .
 I ordered this step stool to go along with the BabyBjorn potty seat that I already own . It was a little shorter than I thought it was going to be -LRB- It measures about 6 '' tall -RRB- but overall the quality is very good . It 's made of nice thick plastic and the non-skid material on the top and under the feet seems very durable . It 's nice and sturdy when my 2 1/2 year old son -LRB- 35 lbs . -RRB- stands on it .
 This stool is not as tall or wide as I imagined it to be . My poor calculations because it does tell you the dimensions . Otherwise great stool . Sturdy & looks nice .
 this is a must have item for potty training.It is very sturdy with a non slip bottom.The top of step is comfortable and there is now way your little one is going to lose their footing on it.We purchased this with the seat from BabyBjorn and they are a great match.Our daughter wants to go `` potty '' just to sit on the seat and step on the stool , which makes our job that much easier.Thanks for another great product Baby Bjorn !!
 We bought this stool when our son began potty training at we could n't be more pleased . It is very sturdy , especially with the grips on the top and bottom , and is the perfect height for him to reach the potty by himself but not high enough for him to get into things on the bathroom counter . =-RRB- Overall a great product . I would definitely recommend it .
 stool works well , sturdy and secure -LRB- not slippery on top or underneath -RRB- and 2 year old daughter loves to put it into place and climb up to the sink or potty !
 We bought this stool for my 3-year-old son who managed to slide around all the time on his other stools . Our main concern was for stability and this stool addressed it . It has a gripper along the bottom which helps from moving on solid floors and a gripping pad on the top for added safety when he climbs . Terrific stool at an affordable price .
 I 'm 5 ' 11 &#34; so I 've never had a need for a kitchen stool . But out of curiosity I stood on this to see if it really could hold an adult -LRB- 170lber -RRB- and it sure can ! Actually , now that I have it for my son , as a potty training - hand washing stool , I 'm actually wishing I 'd had it years ago for a kitchen stool . It is much easier than tip toeing and reaching.Tho it is sturdy , it is also lightweight enough that my 2 year old son can move it into position in front of the toilet or the sink . We also use it as a door stop to keep the bathroom door open.Very multi functional .
 We need a stool for my sons bathroom . I love how light it is and that my son is able easily move it around if needed . I also like the non-skid top . It has been a great addition to our home .
 Love the color and design . Slip resistant and easy for my 2 year old to carry , but I needed it to be just an inch or so taller for him to reach the light switch and sink . Will put away until he 's a little taller .
 My son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet . This helped him tremendously and made the toilet more accessible .
 This is a nice little stool . It 's not very high , so I think it would be difficult for a child to really hurt themselves fooling around on this . At the same time , it 's high enough to help a toddler get up on the couch or to the toilet.It has a nice rubberized top to prevent slipping , which is great when you have a little billy goat climbing up and down repeatedly or exploring its uses in unorthodox ways . The green color is also very bright and fun , and the plastic shell seems easy to clean .
 Love this product ! Great height for my son at 18 months and still at 2.5 years . Great non-slip surface and loves to use it all around the house . I would recommend this to anyone!Great product , great price !
 My child was with me 3 weeks ago as I worked on my car . They brought the stool out so they could help hold tools and etc. . After we were finished I set the stool aside with other items we were using and stepped away for a few minutes . By the time we came back someone took the stool . This was a perfect replacement . Arrive timely and is better that what I expected .
 My son is just about 4 years old & we 've recently purchased this stool & the Baby Bjorn potty seat for him to use the big potty . So far we have n't had any problems with the stool . The grippy rubber is super grippy!It 's lightweight yet sturdy . It stands just over 6 inches high , about 13 long & 7 wide . My son has no problems moving it over , putting it in place , stepping up & standing on it . I do n't believe this would be a good stool for younger children , but older ones should n't have a problem . My son Loves this stool & uses it around the house for all kinds of things .
 We have been using this step stool for almost 2 years and we have never had a problem with it tipping over . My daughter uses it to get on her potty seat on the toilet , to reach the sink to wash her hands/brush her teeth , and many other places around the house ! The stool is very sturdy and does not slip on the floor . It is easy to clean . We have been very pleased with all of our Baby Bjorn purchases .
 Definitely recommend if your looking for a `` step up '' for your little ones . I use it in the bathroom and it 's the perfect height . It 's very secure and safe with the rubber material on the top and bottom .
 This step stool worked great on my tile bathroom floor . I had young guest at the holidays -- ages 8 , 5 , and 3 . Sometimes the floor got wet but the safe step did not slip ...
 I bought this stool for my daughter after breaking her last one sitting on it while giving her a bath . After seriously reviewing my eating habits and seeing a Baby Bjorn stool at a friend 's house I got one and we LOVE IT . -LRB- My Friend is heavier than me and uses her stool to stand on in the Kitchen as well as intending to use it for her son in the bathroom -RRB- . I use it for bathtime and bedtime routines for my almost 3 yr old and the best thing of all is that it fits over the side of the tub when not in use-our bathroom is VERY small . Also , I emailed the company about a weight limit-didn ' t want to take any chances ;--RRB- and received a response the same day.I feel sure this stool will outlast my daughter 's need to reach the sink/toilet and I 'll use it well into the future . I do n't think I can say enough about this stool . It 's a bit more than one you 'd get in a discount store but I feel it is More than worth it !
 Works great , sturdy , stable , and lasts . We have had ours for over two years now and no problems at all .
 I have been in daycare for many years . This is my 4th step stool . Wow !! I wish that I would have had this one first . Wherever you place it , it will not slip out from under the children 's feet . It is easy to store on the wekends and is also offered in many colors . Price was right and fast shipping !
 This is working great for us . We use it as a step stool for climbing into bed . It 's light and portable - yet sturdy . I love the colors !
 This step stool is the perfect size for getting on and off the toilet and for washing hands at the sink . The non-stick grip on top is nice so the child does n't slip . I purchased this along with the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer seat and they work perfect together .
 Turns out this was a little shorter than we needed but that is our fault , not the product 's . The product itself is solid and well built .
 We use it in the bathroom and all around the house . `` Go get your stepstool '' `` Teptool '' And off my toddler runs to get it . It 's great on tile and carpet . Non-slip top and legs make me feel better since she 'll use it to problem-solve all over the house . Great if your child is looking for ways to get up on the changing table and call `` Stuck ! '' while you 're busy in another room . It has tipped over on her once I believe and that was when she did not plant her foot entirely on it on the way up . But it 's low to the ground so not far to stumble . A perfect place for me to sit while she 's on the potty or in the bath . It 's a lot of $ $ for a stepstool , but it has proven to be sturdy and safe so we 'll keep it forever .
 This step stool is great - sturdy and very light for the little one to carry around.Our 2 year old loves his stool . He has used it for the last year , mainly in the kitchen . He will carry it around and be able to use it to reach for his toys or other things ... Good and bad!I just gave one away as a present at a baby shower - now it turns out that the new `` big sister '' took the present from her baby brother and she just loves this little stool.The step stool stays put on the floor and does n't slide around on our wooden kitchen floor , very safe !
 This is the perfect item for 18 month old children . It can be used for more than potty purposes . After using other products I decided to try BabyBjorn , and have stuck with them ever since .
 I really do like this stool although it is a little $ . Easy for my little one to carry around as she wants & has gripping surface on the bottom so it wo n't slip . I have since purchase another because I like it so much .
 works great with the babybjorn potty seat . no problems at all . very sturdy . easy to move - even my daughter can move it .
 It holds a lot of weight and is very sturdy ! I can trust my one year old to stand on this without fear of him sliding or it shifting . I use it all the time to sit on while I 'm bathing him . I should have gotten this a year ago !
 Safe as houses and very cute . Im sitting here trying to think of any cons but really its just well made plastic stool for kids so there 's not much more to say
 Helps my toddler climb off and on the potty . Conveniently converts into a bongo drum for my infant , who , unfortunately , must accompany ME to the potty . .
 not high enough to wash hands at sink for a 35 inch child . Otherwise sturdy and good product . also very light
 We bought this step for our toddler daughter . She is now almost 7 and still using it to reach into cupboards or as a podium when teaching class to her dolls . It still looks and functions as if new . Solid quality , does n't slip or tip . Highly recommend .
 A great step stool for those who do n't want their house to look as though it 's been overtaken by kid-themed stuff . I like the non-slip rubber along the bottom to keep the stool in place , and the same rubber on top to keep the kid in place . :-RRB- Simple , cute , and durable .
 This is the perfect size ! It 's large enough for my 3 year old to get both feet on comfortably but not so bulky that it gets in the way in the bathroom . It also has a really nice rubber top so it 's not slippery as well as rubber grip on the bottom so it 's not sliding around on the tile floors .
 I actually got this step stool so I could reach into my baby 's crib after we lowered it all the way down . It sits on carpeting and it works PERFECTLY ! I have no fear whatsoever of tipping over-especially since I have the baby in my arms . The shape and styling are designed so well . Once she is older , I plan on using it in the bathroom so she can reach the sink . Double purpose . All the other , maybe cheaper , stools had a give when stood on and had an overall flimsy feel to them . I absolutely love and trust the Baby Bjorn brand . Great product !
 This step stool is just right ! It is light but strong and sturdy . Good grip surface on top and bottom . Made in USA too !! We bought one for each bathroom .
 What is nice about this step stool is the black , rubber top . It does not show dirt or footprints like most step stools on the market . I typically prefer wooden products for my children but I could not resist the black rubberized top to hide any prints . The rubberized top also provides a non-slick surface so your toddler does not slip , even if wet . The bottom is also lined with rubber so it does not slide . This step stool is light enough for my toddlers to carry around and is sturdy when they stand on it , even on tippy-toes . It is easy to keep clean , everything wipes right off along with the classic black and white look . My only complaint is that I wish it was an inch taller so their feet would reach when they are on the toilet .
 I thought the price was a bit steep for a step stool , but man is it well made ! This step stool will not budge , with all the rubber grips it has . It 's also a lot nicer looking after it 's been used a while because the black rubber on the top wears so nicely . I looked at another step stool in the BRU store when I bought this , and its rubber already looked icky just from people testing it out . This Baby Bjorn one is also very strong , even for heavier children . I 'm very pleased !
 This stool is working fine for us . It is stable and safe , non-slip , and it is nice and small so I can move it out of the way easily , and light-weight so my 2 year old son can easily move it into place by himself . I am not sure that I could n't have found a similiar stool for less money , but I like the fact that it 's just plain black and white and it does n't look tacky in the guest bath . I did try a couple of the wooden steps , and they were too big and heavy , and I could n't move them out of the way . Plus , they were more expensive than this one . The only complaint I have about this stool is I wish it was about an inch taller so that my son 's feet could rest flat footed on it when he 's on the toilet . Otherwise , it 's a good little stool .
 Our 2 1/2 yr old really likes this stool . She has used it for almost a year to reach the sink and now for learning how to use the potty . We feel safe with the rubber pads on tile or on carpet . The wide rubber area to step on provides more traction for those uncoordinated feet ! We bought another one for upstairs . The best quality I could find in BabiesRUs , Target & WalMart .
 This stool is not decorative , but it does what it is intended to do . I also have the cute , wooden step stool type of stool , but I needed a stool for a small bathroom where function took precedence over form . What I really liked about it was that it had a non-skid botton as well as a non-skid standing surface -LRB- others like this in this price range do not -RRB- .
 Purchased a couple years ago , this stool is still going strong . Our two boys -LRB- ages 3 and 4 -RRB- have not only used it for potty training , but as they are outgrowing their booster chairs at the dining table , they both like using this stool instead . The bottom rubber treads help keep it in place . Multi-functional -LRB- potty training , washing hands , and booster for dining room chair -RRB- and travels easy too . We are ordering a second today because with two boys , they both want to use it all the time .
 We use this cute little step stool all over the house . We use it in the restroom so that my toddler can brush her teeth and wash her hands . I also use it in the kitchen so that I can reach things on the higher shelves without having to climb on the counters or bring a chair in from the dining room . We really like that it has the non skid rubbery traction on the top and the legs so it 's a little more stable . I would recommend the product to anyone looking for a great little stool . : -RRB-
 This is a great little step but it is not cheap . Recently I found a functionaly equivalent step -LRB- non-slip top , broad stance , rubber feed -RRB- at a local hardware store that is a little bigger and taller with a weight capacity of 300 lbs for half the price .
 I spent the extra money and bought this in white because I 'm bright-children 's - colored `` plasticked '' out . The rubber grips keep it from slipping . It 's very sturdy and safe , cleans easily , and not an eyesore . It 's only worth the extra money if you care about keeping your house from looking completely like Romper Room . : -RRB-
 I bought this with my Bjorn potty chair . It 's nice and sturdy . Very pleased with the product .
 It 's very safe because of the non-slip rubber . Our son uses it when he brushes his teeth or when he goes to the potty . It 's light and easy for him to carry . Nice color too . Highly recommended !!!
 Great step . We paired this with the Baby Bjorn toilet training seat and are very happy with both . The step is sturdy and has a thick rubber top and base creating superior stability for toddlers learning to use the toilet and step up to the sink , etc. .
 I love this stool - extremely strong , yet lightweight . Non-skid grip is on every surface that touches the floor - very sturdy . Same material on top , which is not slippery , but never sticky . Cleans easily with some spray cleaner and a paper towel , or toss it in the shower , and voila ! Best of all , it is not one of those surfaces that attract lint and gunk - that drives me nuts . This stays very clean-looking . However , the thing I like the very best is the width to depth ratio - this is a nice , `` fat '' rectangle . Other stools we have , such as IKEA 's F&Ouml;RSIKTIG -LSB- ... -RSB- , and Dr. Merry 's Potty Pal -LSB- ... -RSB- , are much narrower front-to-back -LRB- from , say , the perspective of the stool being in front of a sink -RRB- . This is important , because toddlers move around , and rarely have a visual memory of where they have placed their feet
 I purchased 2 of these , one for my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law 's home as they are beginning the potty-training task with our grandson . Although he is still too young to be able to handle climbing on this by himself , having it around the home now will get him familiar with the item and what its use is for . I purchased all of the potty training items now for both homes so our grandson will become comfortable with them at both homes and learn what he needs to do at both homes too . This step is very well made , sturdy , and does n't have any sharp edges to hurt the little ones . The top is slip-proof and has a rubber strip on the bottom to keep it from slipping on tile and wood floors as well . Highly recommend .
 My daughter loves this stool ! She plays with it and also uses it to get up to the potty . The package says that it stays put no matter where the child steps on it - and it 's true . It 's very stable and does not tip even if she steps near the edge . It 's the perfect height for her to sit on -LRB- she is a tall 19-month old -RRB- . Have n't had it very long , but it seems very durable . Highly recommend .
 i use this cuz my baby is too short but already active and wants to bounce/etc . so i use this under his feet . later it can be used for potty training , and it is also a step stool in the kitchen area for the shelves that a just a little too high for me . love this , use it all the time for everything . does slide on my bamboo hardwood floors tho , the antislip doesnt work perfectly with smaller weights like a baby .
 I bought this because I really love the quality of Baby Bjorn products that I already use -LRB- the potties and bibs -RRB- . This was no exception . Some of my friends with small children have stools in their bathrooms that my children have slipped on but this one has high-quality rubber on the bottom that grips the floor well and does n't budge . The top of it is covered in rubber with a grid pattern that is also grippy . I bought one but my kids have problems sharing so we have two now . My kids love that they match their potties .
 My 2 year old loves this step . It helps him reach the sink to wash his hands and brush his teeth . He even leans dwn and says hi to the bear on it.The step is sturdy so he wo n't slip off of it .
 Great product . It has both function and fashion!Very sturdy , not slippery at all.My boy loves it . I definitely recommend to all Moms out there .
 My boys were constantly climbing up on the sink to wash their hands and getting the entire sink area filthy in the process . This helps them reach the sink - no more -LRB- big -RRB- messes !
 It is a stool , yes , but I think it has been used more as a side table to her little chair in the family room until recently . This is a well made step stool . Looks good . Good rubber on bottom and top . Light enough for her to carry around , which she does to reach things . Now that she has become interested in the potty though , she has taken it into the bathroom and left it in front of the potty permanently . Which I am glad . My only problem with it so far is she is small statured and potty training early which means she has a little difficulty getting on and off the potty , even with the stool . The stool is just a little short for her and I wish it was bigger across because several times she has tried to step down onto it and she catches only the front edge and it tips forward . Glad I have been right there to catch her . So , quality gets 5 stars , size only gets 3 stars as it really needs to be wider and longer to be a sturdy step base .
 This is my 2nd babybjorn step stool . I liked that this was gray -LRB- matches my daughter 's grey/pink room -RRB- . I bought this for her as a step stool to climb in and out of her big girl bed . I probably should have 1st tried it out with our other babybjorn step stool - but I did n't b/c it is being used for the bathroom - but this stool is just a little too low . My daughter does n't feel too comfortable climbing down from bed -LRB- which actually might be a good thing , lol -RRB- ... if it was a little higher it would have been perfect . I do like that these stools feel more stable than many of the other kids stools , yet it is very lightweight .
 Perfect for my almost 2 year old . He likes to carry it around to get onto the couches . He is on the shorter side , can reach bathroom sink with it but not the handles to turn on the water . Have a second 2 step stool in the kitchen so he can reach the counters -LRB- kidkraft brand -RRB- .
 we really like this step stool . its sturdy and well made . my only issue is that its not wide/long enough . other than that , its GREAT !!!
 I bought this stool to start showing my son how to wash his hands on his own . He is able to stand on it in front of the sink , and with the help of a faucet extended , is washing his hands at 21 months . The stool is cute , very sturdy , as tall as expected , and has enough room for his wiggly feet . He is also able to pick it up with ease and place it in front of our aquarium to watch the fishes.Although I initially thought this stool was a little pricey , I found that the quality and durability was well worth it .
 This is the second baby bjorn step stool we have purchased . It is simple , it works well , no moving parts for my baby to get into while crawling , and allows my daughter to wash her hands by herself . Wonderful .
 After reading a lot of toddler stool reviews , I was really worried about them tipping over too easily . I went ahead & purchased this stool b/c it had a good rating overall & most people seem to buy it . I decided on the green & yellow stool b/c I thought it was more child-attractive & b/c for some silly reason it was cheaper than the black & white stool by the same maker . My 2 year old using this stool at least twice a day to brush her teeth . It has never tipped over on her , despite her climbing up on it awkwardly at times . The gripping plastic on the feet of the stool & on its top helps a lot to keep the stool balanced . I would recommend this stool to anyone who is looking for one for their toddler !
 I bought this for my 3 year old to use in front of our elongated toilet . It gets her to the perfect height and is very sturdy . I am using it on a tile floor with large tiles -LRB- 12x12 -RRB- and have n't had any issues with it moving around .
 My daughter was about 2 1/4 when we purchased this . She was in the 75 percentile for height at her 24 month check up . It is a great height for her . She has no problem wiggling up and back onto the toilet seat -LRB- with Babybjorn potty seat -RRB- . I bought this colour because I thought it looked more stylin ' than the black and white but after a couple of days the white top was scuffed . Ca n't report on ease of cleaning yet , but if I had thought it through the white top was probably not the wisest of choices . That is the only reason why I gave 4 rather than 5 stars . Otherwise great height and seems stable no matter where she stands on it .
 This is a very sturdy stepstool with good non-skid pads . I purchased it because it matched the Babybjorn toilet seat . However , I feel that it was a little pricy for a plastic stepstool .
 My son absolutely loves this step stool . He can pick it up easy and move it around to wear he needs to reach higher and when he sets it down , the grips actually work , never slides !
 I bought this in white ann love it ! My 2 year old got a wood 2 step Stool for his birthday and would carry it everywhere . But it had sharp corners and was very heavy . He tripped and fell on it once and I said `` that 's it , we 're shopping for a new one '' . This one is perfect , rounded corners , lightweight and a slip proof base . My son carries it all around the house and if he falls with it it 's no big deal .
 This stool works great for getting on and off the potty . I like that the top is skid proof and the base is wide to allow for stability .
 This step stool is perfect for my four-year-olds -- they carry it from the bathroom to their bedroom so they can look out the window . Once it 's on the floor , it does n't budge , which is a necessity during the occasional `` me first '' shoving match . Also , I appreciate the clean look of this step stool -- the fact that it 's not covered in cartoon figures is a plus for any parent .
 Cleans easily , slim profile , easy for my almost 3 year old daughter to use , does n't look like a chunk o ' pink in our guest bathroom like most children 's products . We got the matching little white potty and they look very much at home in an adult designed space . Now she wants every excuse to wash her hands and brush her teeth because it 's so much easier . Skid proof but not hard for a toddler to move around . Well worth the money .
 Our daughter has n't used this for actual potty training yet . She 's used it to get up onto everything else though and it 's proven to be sturdy and safe . We 've started to get her used to climbing up onto the toilet and it 's a good height , just barely high enough for her to step up , turn around and back up onto the toilet `` potty '' seat .
 Rubberized top & bottom make this stool non slip . My toddler loves using it !
 I love that the entire top of the stool is rubber as well as the bottom . This keeps the stool from being slippery when water is dripped everwhere when our little one is washing his hands .
 The Safe Step has helped with breastfeeding , potty training , helping kids reach the bathroom faucets , cooking with The Child , and for grown-ups who need an extra 6 '' boost too . Even the dog uses one of these to comfortably look out the window without putting his paws up on the sill . Read my full review in the April 2010 archives of Raising An Omnivorous Child on Wordpress .
 Works well and my toddler can easily move it to use it in many places . Lightweight and no issues with slipping on the top .
 Contrary to what other reviews have written , I have not had any problems with my 3-year-old son tipping or falling off the edge of this stepstool . It 's a great partner for the potty training seat I ordered with it . My son can use the toilet by himself , since he has the stool to reach the seat now . Although he likes me in the room with him , I no longer have to hold him on the potty , because he can climb up there himself to do his thing . Six inches does not seem like a very high step stool , but it seems to be the right height for potty training purposes . I have n't allowed the kids to remove it from the bathroom yet . It 's reserved for the toilet !
 I am potty training my 21 month old , and he can get on and off the big potty -LRB- with Baby Bjorn seat attached -RRB- very easily ... he absolutely would not be comfortable on the big potty without this stool under his feet . However , even though my boy is tall for his age , this stool is NOT high enough for him to reach the faucet for washing his hands at this point , he will need to grow a few more inches for that . But , I still give 5 stars because I do n't fault the stool , it is sturdy and well made and looks nice . Plus , if you look at the ideal stool height for the potty and most sinks , clearly it is n't going to be the same . I figure within the next year it will become the perfect sink stool , but until then I will have to use a higher kitchen stool for that . Still glad I bought this , but be aware it may not work for both purposes if you are potty training a young toddler .
 Ordered this product about 5 days ago . Must say that I am impressed . It is durable , sturdy and is a companion for my 2 year old . She seems to take it all around the house -LRB- even climb up the sofa from the armrest side -RRB- just to go up the sofa.It has been very easy to have the young gal adapt to using it . She gets up and gets down smoothly from her regular activities -LRB- brushing , using the toilet , etc -RRB- . Highly recommend it to anyone whose child is about to be potty-trained or can wash hands or perform simple hygenic chores .
 Me and hubby are now using this step stool more than our 20 month old because she still refuses to start the `` potty training '' so we are not going to push her . This step helps me when I give her a bath and helps dad too when it is his turn for bath time so we know it is well built because I weigh 130 lbs and my hubby weighs 200 lbs . It is very sturdy , nice color for our `` Duck '' decor and I would definately recommend it to any parent for sure !!!!!!
 We 've had this stool for about 8 months and my 2.5 year old has yet to get it to tip over with all her at-the-sink acrobatics . It 's very sturdy and the rubber grips the floor really well.It 's not the cutest stool on the market - it 's rather basic and , well , it is plastic . But I 'll take safety over looks any day!The only negative thing I can think of is that the rubber grips are so sticky that I ca n't really slide it across the bathroom floor with my foot -LRB- when it gets left in front of the sink and impedes the door -RRB- . I actually have to pick it up and move it . But of course , that 's what you want - it should n't be sliding around very easily !
 This step stool is lightweight for my 22 month old to lift and place before the sink and stow away after he washes his hands and sturdy enough to hold him while he fiddles with the soap and faucet handles . We have two and are very happy with them .
 the baby safe step is handy for the baby and all of us . . good size , stable , light , a good thing .
 The stool was a big hit with my two year old grandson . He sits on it as well as carrying it around the house . He does get in trouble trying to stack it and climb up on things ... but he 's a two year old and that 's what they do .
 We first bought this step when our son started potty training . Now is he 5 years old and does n't need the help to get on the toilet but he still uses it to reach for items just beyond his reach -LRB- like shirts in his closet . . -RRB- . He carries it with him whenever he needs to reach stuff instead of nagging me about it ! Great step to independence and has stood the test of time and looks almost as new as the first day we got it !
 My son is very tall for his age and he outgrew his potty chair rather quickly , so we had to switch to the toilet . In combination with the Bjorn Potty seat , his stool has been a great . It is very stable and has a a non-slip surface . My son loves it . We even bought one for grandma 's house .
 well . . she uses when she takes a bath , for she likes to sit down on something rather than just sitting in the tub.she sits on this step when she plays her little toy piano.she totally take this thing around my house using it to climb up on the couch , reach the sink washing her hands & for many more reasons/ways ~ I love it !
 This is great for reaching the sinnk to brush teeth or get up on the `` mommy potty '' . It is small enough to keep hidden in our tiny bathroom between the sink and the tub.And it matches my daughter 's potty . The top comes clean very easily - love this !
 I am happy with this step stool . I bought 2 for my daughter for our house . One is for the bathroom . She is 18 months old and can easily carry the stool to where she wants it . She uses it as a seat and stands on it . The top has grips to give her a non slip surface . I love the bright colors.I did not look for other step stools , so I am not comparing quality or prices . I bought this product because I have been very pleased with the baby born brand . I feel they have good quality products .
 I purchased this step stool in white for my 20 month old to use in the bathroom so she could reach the sink for washing hands and brushing teeth . She loves it ! Carries it around the house everywhere . It seems very safe and sturdy , no tips so far . When we moved her into a new room with a full size bed she was having trouble getting on the bed herself so I ordered another stool in pink to match her bedroom and it is great ! Allows her to climb on and off the bed with no problems . This is great for children probably 18-20 months and on , would recomend and will probably end up buying more !
 This is a great little stool . We also purchased the matching toilet seat trainer for our three year old . This stool works great in the bathroom for brushing teeth or climbing onto potty . It has an attractive design and a non-slip grip on the bottom so there 's no risk for falls . I recommend this item .
 I 've heard some complaints from people about this stool . My daughter has been using it for a while now and she has had no issues with it . It 's small and sturdy and light enough for her to move it around . I did make sure my daughter knew exactly where to place it to make sure it was safe . I can see how not properly instructing the child on it 's placement could have disastrous results however , overall I am very pleased with it .
 This is one of two stools that I bought for my son . This one is great , and I highly recommend it . We have had no issues in the 3 1/2 years that it has been in use , and it looks brand new . It has been very stable and has never tipped or slid . It supports a lot of weight -LRB- I have even used it occasionally -RRB- .
 This stool does n't slip on our tile floor and is the perfect height ! Bright colors add a bit of fun .
 This stool is very sturdy and does not slide around . It is also lightweight , which makes it easy for a child to move from the toilet to the tub to the sink , etc. . . The only drawbacks are that the slip proof ridging traps dirt requiring regular cleaning and the stool is not quite tall enough for my daughter to wash her hands on her own at the sink . She is 2 and a half and on the tall side but we have tall vanities . She still needs to be lifted in order to wash her hands . She is fully independent on the toilet now with the stool . Overall I am happy with the purchase .
 My son is 18 mos . and loves stepping up and getting down with help . It is lightweight so he can carry it . The non-slip bottom is exactly as described . This is a great product for the money .
 This stool has really good grips . It never budges . We use it for the potty and sink , and have n't had any slipping accidents . I would purchase this again for sure .
 I bought 2 other stools before -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- deciding to buy this one . This truly does not slide around on my bathroom tiles ! I also like that it has the big cut-outs on the sides , easier to pick up . I wish i had found this one first , one of the other ones cost a bit more and was the worst one of them all ! I definitely recommend this to anyone ! No more sliding and falling into the toilet while potty training !!
 Surprise ! I am using this little handy dandy stool when I sit for an extended time , i.e. on the computer , at a table , watching TV , cat sitting.It elevates my legs just to the right , comfortable hight.Sometimes I use it like a little stepping stool.Am very happy with my purchase.Lindmuth Fuller , Gar 's wife
 This is such a great stool ! It 's sturdy and does n't slide around . The only reason that I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that my two-and-a-half year old is a little on the small side , so this stool would be more helpful to us if it were about 2 inches or so taller . Other than that it 's great !
 Not that we are using it non-stop , but my son likes to use it here and there . Of course I 'm by his side , but so far , step seems stable for our use .
 We bought this stool in conjunction with the bjorn potty seat which I also give 5 stars . It is light but sturdy . The bottom and top both have non skid plastic that keeps it from sliding . It is a good size is not to large so it does not get in the way . It is large enough for our tall 2.5 year old to be very secure climbing on .
 Very happy with this product ... very well made very pleased ... have n't used it yet but ready for our grandsons with the toilet training .
 It was cheaper than getting the same product from the local stores -LRB- such as target -RRB- , so I am glad I was able to find it here , but I would recommend to shop around.For two year old , it is not quite high enough when he wants to wash his hands , but he can use it for many other things . Very steady , and heavy enough .
 This stool is the perfect size . We use it in the bathroom for our 3 year old daughter . She used to use it to get on the potty , but now she only uses it to reach the sink . It is small enough that we do n't have to move it when we need to use the sink , but big enough for her to stand on with out falling off .
 we keep one upstairs and one downstairs . they wo n't slide around on the floor , and they store away pretty easily .
 Very stable and appropriate for young children . We are using in a physician office and wanted a product that would be safe and this is perfect !
 These stools are excellent for little legs , to help climb on the big potty or reach the sink to watch hands . Nonslip on top and bottom , plastic is easy to clean . I wish they were just slightly taller .
 Nice little step stool for the children too short to reach the faucets . Seems to be sturdy and should have a good useful life .
 We bought this for our 2 year old grandson , one for his home and one for ours . He knows right where it is and uses it mainly for brushing his teeth and washing his hands . Good investment
 I have a home child care and this is the perfect step stool for us . It does n't slide around and it is small so it does n't take up much room . Very sturdy and well made . Would recommend to anyone with small children learning to use the potty !
 This step is nice and sturdy . It has nice rubber gripping on the top and on the bottom . My son loves it and carries it all over the house . I loved all the different colors we were able to choose from , so I could semi-match our bathroom . I love Babybjorn 's simple designs .
 I bought two of these for both my bathrooms so my 2.5 year old son would be able to brush his teeth at the sink . Unfortunately , it 's a little short and my son just barely gets his chin over the sink . He 's not short either , he 's about 37.5 inches . I like the wide rubber surface and the rubber on the legs so it wo n't slip . It seems to hold up well no matter where he is standing on it . It would be a 5 star item , if only it added a few inches !
 The steep stool was perfect in helping my Grand Daughter potty train . Helpful for her to step on the stool and reach high enoungh to seat on the potty training seat . Now we are teaching her to wash her hands and she thinks it is fun by stepping on the step stool to reach the sink the same way it was fun in potty training .
 This is the second Babybjorn safe step I 've purchased . Our two children , ages 2 and 4 have never slipped off the step . No matter how they stand on it , I 've never seen it tip over either . Very secure - I highly recommend this stool for young children .
 This is a great item ! It is very sturdy and slip/skid resistant . I would definitely buy another one .
 My 2-year old is starting the potty training process . It 's the perfect size . The only thing that could make it better is if it wrapped around the toilet a little further . That way he could stand closer to the toilet when he pees . I do n't think you 'll find a step stool like that so this is the next best thing .
 I like this because it is a nice construction . I bought the white and it blends in nicely . I just wish it was a little higher . We have a newer construction home and the bathroom counters are high so it is still too low for her to wash hands by herself for now .
 My 2 year old son and I love this stool ! It is EASY to clean , and the rubber on the bottom keeps it from sliding around on our bathroom floor . We use it in conjunction with the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer , which I also love . My son is able to move it to the toilet , climb on the toilet trainer seat , do the job , climb down , move it to the sink , and wash his hands . This helps him have the independence he needs . It has a nice design and does n't stick out like a sore thumb in a guest bathroom . It just looks clean and white . Love the Baby Bjorn stepstool !
 With four kids -LRB- the oldest being 4 yo -RRB- , we have five of these throughout the house . Yes , it 's most commonly used in the bathrooms for the toilet and sink but the kids also use this in our kitchen and bedrooms . In fact , we know we need more when we see them carry these around from room to room!Why do we keep buying these ? - HEIGHT-Seems to be the perfect height to ensure a balance of safety and function . My 36 '' 4 yo can reach sink hardware easily . My 28 '' 2 yo can use it to reach the water in the sink.-STURDINESS-These are incredibly sturdy . After years of regular use , they still look brand new and have not deteriorated in any way . Unlike another review I read , I find it hard to tip these over . You have to try to tip them over or be very careless -LRB- if the kids do n't place their entire feet on the step -RRB- . These are meant for kids but can easily support me -LRB- 170 lb -RRB- . - SAFETY-With rubber grips on the feet , they do n't move around at all on tile , hardwood , or carpet . Not only do they have rubber on the feet but the step is also rubberized . My kids have never slipped on these and they use them daily . Additionally , all corners are rounded.-DESIGN-They do not look as nice as wooden steps in my opinion but since they are plastic , they are easy to clean . All of ours are white and none of them have discolored . They look at home as part of a toddler 's bathroom but look a little out of place in other rooms of the house.-RECOMMENDATION-All my kids love these , including our 18-month old climber . We continue to buy these when we need more steps . Buy and sleep well knowing you have safe , functional step that will easily outlast your child 's needs .
 I bought this step as an aid to help my 85 year old mother get in and out of the van instead of spending 6 times as much on a senior step . It has worked beautifully . It does n't skid when you step on it and is very strong . It holds my 140 lb . mother so I am sure it would work really well for a child who would n't be near as heavy.Safe Step in White
 This step stool is perfect . We purchased to help our 2 year old reach the toilet but she prefers to carry it around the house and use it wherever she sees fit . Between the rubber grips and the wide base the stool is very stable and although she has fallen off a few times it is not a fault of the step but rather our daughter learning about gravity . With more practice -LRB- and remembering she is on a stool -RRB- falling will no longer be a concern as the stool is exceptionally stable . Considering how well made this stool appears to be I imagine we will get many years out of it .
 We already had a plastic step stool from Target and a heavy 2-step wooden one but were not satisfied with either of them . I remembered seeing the Babybjorn step stool at a friend 's house and decided to take it for a spin . I 'm glad I did.PROS : - Very sturdy - Entire step surface is covered in non-slip rubber - The base also has non-slip rubber - The underside does not have any sharp or jagged plasticCONS : - Premium priceOur plastic step stool we got from Target worked , but was not ideal . The stepping surface was only partially covered in non-slip materials and the underside had lots of jagged plastic . Whenever I put my fingers around the bottom to move it , I 'd poke myself with it and silently -LRB- sometimes not so silently -RRB- curse the thing . The Target one and the Babybjorn are the same height -LRB- 6 inches -RRB- so if your child needs something bigger , obviously this wo n't work for you . My oldest child needs to get on their tippy toes to reach the sink and it works well for our younger child while going potty . The larger wooden 2-step stool worked great for reaching the sink , but it was just bulky and moving it so adults could use the sink was inconvenient.Both my kids have used the Babybjorn Safe Step Stool for about 3 weeks and have never come close to tipping it over or falling . The base is very wide compared to the other plastic step stool we have . In my opinion , accidents happen . Sometimes , it has nothing to do with anything . I 'm very confident in the stability of the step stool and if my kids fall off of it because they were careless or put all their weight on the very edge of a corner , well , then they 'll learn to balance better next time.Even with the premium price , I highly recommend it and I would purchase it again .
 Nice and lightweight . It was n't as tall as the one I had when my kids were little , but it was tall enough for my grandson to was his hands .
 After seeing this product at my children 's houses , I have now purchased one for my own house for my grandchildren . It 's a perfect size and extremely sturdy .
 This stool exceeded my expectations . I bought it for my 18 month Grandson to get a leg up on a climbing toy that just had a ladder that was hard for him to climb . The stool bottom grips well on both hard and soft -LRB- ex . carpet -RRB- surfaces . Though it functions extremely well for what we was bought for ... our creative Grandson has found many more unforeseen uses as well . It is light enough for him to carry anywhere . Things that were to be `` out of reach '' previously were snatched up quickly . He has even turned it over to use a a make sift bucket . A product has to WOW me to earn a 5 star and this earned a high 4 . Just be ready to do some nick nack rearranging !!!
 I have a very high bed and I 'm very short . I use this little stool to get in and out of bed . Works great and seems very sturdy -- sturdier than one of those small plastic folding stools I used that broke very quickly .
 love the colors , we have the green and yellow . perfect height for potty time and even brushing his teeth ! Happy with our purchase
 The pros
 My toddler is 20 months old but is quite tall for his age and has begun using this to try and reach the sink to wash his hands . This item stows away nicely , is sturdy yet lightweight and attractive enough . The advantage for it is that your toddler can easily step on to it on their own . Note that this could also be a disadvantage as an unattended to child could be standing on top in a heartbeat when not wanted . So , be careful what the access to this item looks like . The disadvantage of that height is that my 20 month old ca n't even come close to actually putting his hands under the faucet to wash his hands and I still need to hold him.My recommendation is to know what you are using this for and understand the dimensions of this item combined with the height of your child and about how far they can reach . If it does n't help you to just get a little but higher-maybe hold off . If your child is tall enough to benefit from the Safe Step-this is a reasonable value for a safe , sturdy item that will not slide around on the ground or break easily .
 We have 3 of these , and could probably use a couple more . These are the easiest stools for my daughter to use . She climbs up and down the potty herself on it easily since it is so stable . She can also easily retrieve it and put it somewhere when she needs a little step up . I wish there was a taller size of this so we could use at the sink -LRB- she 's too short to reach with just this stool at the sink -RRB- . And in the early potty training days she was n't tall enough to reach the toilet with this either , so I think a taller size would just be really useful . But regardless , this is a good reliable stool to have and looks nice . I find baby bjorn products to generally be very good .
 I keep this step in my sons bathroom along with the Bjorn toilet seat . The simple design makes it so easy to clean and use . Ive learned my lesson with the cheaper step stools made of thin plastic or cheap wood and wont purchase them again . I love how sturdy the design is . I also use this stool to sit on next to the tub while bathing my son , saves my back !
 My 3 yr . old son use it everyday to brush his teeth and comb his hair . He does n't tip over and fall anymore like he did on the other step chair . The babybjorn is a bit expensive . I found a similar chair at Ikea for a fraction of the cost .
 If you 're going to get the Baby Bjorn potty chair , you 've got to get a matching stool ! I love how the stool has a rubbery-grip top to prevent slipping . My son also uses the stool to read his books on while sitting in his matching potty chair . You 've got ta get one now !
 I really like how this step was designed to stay in place . We have a cheaper plastic stool in another bathroom that tends to scoot too easily as our son climbs up on it . This one stays put ! The only reason this stool did n't get 5 stars from me is because of the textured top . It is a little difficult to clean . Since this is a potty step stool , it has gotten some messes on it that I wish would have been easier to get rid of !
 This seat by far surpasses the other mount on the toilet seats because it doesnt move or pinch at all . My 19 month old son loves it and feels very safe and comfortable on it . Spend the extra money and get the best one first your little one will really appreciate it .
 Its sturdy and a good step . The step is exactly as described . Green , plastic , and lightweight . Would buy this again
 serves its purpose , my son loves it . Makes washing hands and brushing teeth so much easier ! I recommend this one plus the non slip surface is great when water gets splashed
 I have two of these , one for each bathroom . they are very stable and just the right size for a 3 and 5 year old to get a little higher to wash hands or brush teeth .
 What a great little step stool this is ! Just the perfect size ... nothing fancy , just 100 % functional , well designed and made . It is much more compact than others out there , yet 100 % safe for children to adults to use . We keep it on hand for our four little grandchildren to use at the bathroom sink or kitchen counter . I 've tried others in the past ... and this one is simply the best . A classic .
 This stool is perfect . It is the perfect height for the toilet seat and it stays put . The no slip bottom definitely does its job . My daughter is not really interested in potty training much right now so we use it more in the play room . We use it daily and have never had any complaints .
 This stool is solid and not flimsy at all . The top surface and legs are rubber coated and do n't slip on my lineoleum bathroom floor . It is very stable . It is well made and can easily support my weight without any flexing . My 2 year old son uses this for potty training and the height is perfect where he can stand over the toilet . Compared to the cheaper step stools , this one is worth the extra $ $ $ spent .
 Have had this stool for about a year now , since my son was 2 . Has been successfully used for getting on the potty , reaching the sink to wash hands , and I actually also use it in the shower so he can sit on it and I can wash my hair :-RRB- . Use it on spanish tile , bathroom rug , and tile in shower , and on all surfaces this stool proves to be non-skid . It 's very light-weight , which I like , but I also think it contributes to the fact that this stool may , in some circumstances , tip . I have had very few instances of this , and it was always a bit of a tip , nothing big . Just make sure your child does n't goof around on it , or use it as a toy . Better than any `` dollar store '' stool I 've seen !
 Very sturdy stool , cute pink color , although the top is white so it shows dirt very easily . My daughter loves using this stool !
 My 1.5 year old can move the stool to brush her teeth or move it back into her bedroom to get in her bed . We have wood floors and the rubber at the bottom makes the stool stick to the floor without movement . Sturdy enough for me to use when I changed a light bulb the other day .
 I bought this step stool to go with my daughters new potty chair , it is wonderful ! Very sturdy and looks so cute !
 It is good stepstool : sturdy , non slip surface on the top . We have 19 year old and needed help washing hands in the sink , it is not quite high for the girl , but she will get there . We bought white and very happy.Process of bying , delivery , always perfect with Amazon .
 I bought one from Walmart that has no gripping power whatsoever on the top and especially the bottom . This one , however , is awesome
 This is a very basic and safe step for your growing child . It does n't slip or move due to the rubber covering on the bottom . However , I did n't realize how much we would love the top rubber step covering . It 's definitely helped save my child from a few slips . The step is n't at all tippy , but the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I would love for it to be an inch higher .
 This stool is as sturdy and well designed as they come . For those people who reviewed the product as unsafe , I do n't know what could possibly make it any safer other than making it no longer be a stool . If your child is not very stable , by all means , please spot him/her as they stand on the stool .
 This step is well worth the $ . It is sturdy and stable . I would highly recommend it !!
 At first I thought the price was a bit steep for just a stepping stool , but I 'm glad I went with my gut and bought it . My daughter will be two next month and is potty training . She was so proud of herself when she learned how to step up and step down from the stool and enjoys standing on it to look at herself in the bathroom mirror.It is well-made and has never slipped , as well as the top is rubbery , so my daughter never slips while standing on it . It is heavy enough to stay in place while being stood on , but light enough for her to pick up and carry where she wants it.We also bought the matching potty chair and that has worked out for us , as well.Something superficial and not incredibly important -LRB- just a bonus -RRB- that I enjoy about the set is that it does n't look tacky in the bathroom .
 This is a great step stool . I purchased one last year and ended up buying an extra one for my youngest daughter . Both my kids love to stand on them while I wash their hands or brush their teeth . It is made of durable platic and the non-slip rubber on the bottom works great . I also recommend the baby Bjorn bibs and plates .
 I love this lightweight yet safe step stool . My 2-1/2 year old daughter can pick it up all by herself and place it in front of the sink to wash her hands , brush her teeth , etc. . The rubber layer on top and on the legs makes it really safe to climb on . Also , the step stool is easy to clean . So glad I got this !
 I needed a little stepping stool for my son , so he could reach the bathroom sink . He loves it , and it has grips on the top and bottom for friction . It 's also durable .
 This is a great basic step stool for your toddler , very happy with the purchase ! My little girl drags it around everywhere she needs to `` step up '' , it 's light too so she does n't struggle with it .
 Using this for my toddler -LRB- 2yo -RRB- in his bathroom . Have not noticed any difference between this product and cheaper step stools . It is sturdy , nice-looking and serves the purpose - even though for some people it makes sense to buy a cheaper one .
 There is rubber on the bottom for no slip and rubber on the top for no slip as well ! Height could be a bit taller but most are about the same height .
 I purchased this stool with the matching seat cover for my daughter for potty training . I like that the top has a non-slip cover on it to keep my daughter from slipping when getting up on the toilet . She really likes that she has her own special stool for going potty , it has helped in encouraging her to start potty training .
 I like the stool , it was a little smaller than I thought but I suppose if it was bigger it would be harder for my daughter to maneuver . It has no slide grippers on the bottom and the top is the same no slide material as on the bottom . Very pleased with the purchase . We are now waiting on the matching potty seat and then we will get started on potty training !!!
 This is so cute . It is really big and the detailing is so adorable . My grand daughter loved it .
 I purchased the giant `` little princess '' piggy . This piggy bank actually looks a little different and so much better in person . The eyelashes are much longer , the snout is pushed in a little more , and the crown is way smaller . It looks more like the smaller version , just huge ! It 's super cute and looks great in my baby 's room ! I highly recommend it to any little girl . I 've also seen the smaller versions at Nordstrom and they are adorable as well . Shipping was fast and did n't have any issues whatsoever . Very happy !
 From the picture , I imagined that the bank might be very small . It 's actually 5 or 6 inches in diameter . As another reviewer said , `` she 's perfect for your princess . '' I 'm very pleased with the quality ! The box she arrives in makes the gift even more special .
 My friend loved this present . It was a great baby shower gift . I will purchase one in the future if necessary .
 I looked everywhere for the perfect little piggy bank to go in my baby girl 's room before I finally found this little gem . I love it . It 's perfect ! Absolutely adorable , holds a ton of change and is the perfect addition to her nursery .
 My daughter was looking for a big piggy bank for her first child , a daughter . I noticed that several others said they were big , but according to their dimensions , they were anything but . This one is good sized for sure and definitely will be put to use to start our granddaughter 's college fund .
 only problem was getting piggy into its pink container after having taken it out to examine it ... cute litle item for my newborn great neice ... colors great ... N.B. ... reviews should not require 20 words when 3-4 would do ... tb
 So , this is actually the second one we 've had . The first one I received as a gift for my baby shower , for my now 4 year old . Her 1 year old younger sister got a hold of it and through it on the ground . Yes , it will break if you throw it on the ground . So , as a I frantically ran to the internet to find an identical replacement , I turned to Amazon . I was so happy to find the exact same piggy bank . My 4 year old was so happy to have it back . Very cute decoration for her room , and of course , she loves to put her money in it .
 Received in a very timely manner . Just loved the product . Cant wait till Christmas to give as a present . Would order from the vendor again . Smooth transaction .
 After purchasing one of these banks for our oldest daughter and then again for our youngest daughter , I ordered this one as a baby shower gift . This bank is very large-which is perfect for me because kids get a lot of change and fill up the smaller ones very quickly . And this bank is by far the cutest , most girly bank I 've seen offered anywhere . Mudpie makes another girly bank-which my second daughter got only because I did n't want their banks to be identical-but this one is far superior in adorableness and was the hit at the baby shower .
 We got this for my sister for her 18th birthday . It is to stinking cute ! It is perfect for the princess in your life no matter what age ! I give it a two thumbs up for you new princess or the queen in your life !
 I particularly like this piggy bank because of its girly nature . It is small enough to fit on top of a dresser in a kids room w/o taking too much space but big enough to fit about 100 bills -LRB- that 's $ 10,000 if it 's all in $ 100 's ! -RRB- . Perfect .
 I am thoroughly pleased with all three of the Mud Pie Banks I purchased . They 're cute , Medium is a nice size - it 's easy to put coins in the top and the bottom stopper comes out and goes in easily .
 This was a gift I purchased for my 91 year old mother to give to my son -LRB- her grandson -RRB- for his first born baby girl . My mother likes to give ceramic piggy banks to her new born grandchildren for keepsakes . This one is about the cutest one she has ever given !! She was very happy and excited to give this - the quality is wonderful and the little piggy 's face is soooooo cute !!
 So cute and unique , it was a hit at the baby shower ! Everyone wanted to know where it was purchased .
 This was very cute and wonderful for small child that is very much a princess .
 I know that the recipient of this gift will love it . It is so adorable . A perfect gift for the new baby !
 I was pleasantly surprised , and I am really happy with Ms.Mud Pie Giant Ballerina piggy bank . She is so cute with her tutu ; she is a great weight -- ceramic and not plastic ; she is huge ; and will last many many years . You will not be disappointed at all !! My 2 year old grandbaby and my daughter-in-law love her . Do yourself a favor ... it is well worth the price !!! Go for it !!
 I purchased this piggy bank for my 1 year old daughter . I loved it so much I also got one for my niece for her 1st birthday . It comes in a great hat box . It 's so cute and adds a nice touch to her nursery !!
 It 's cute cute cute . I bought it for a friend 's daughter but I was so tempted to keep it for myself .
 Very nice looking hamper , and goes well with the Snug As A Bug theme . Large enough to hold clothes / towels / etc and has a mesh liner for easier removal of dirty stuff . Our only trouble has been with the mesh liner - the ribbons that hook to the hamper are not sewn on well , and all have fallen off at some point . I am not a strong sewer , so I have used safety pins to better secure the loops to the mesh , but the design is a bit weak .
 This is really cute and very cheap . How can you go wrong ? You can not stain this with wood stain however as it is sealed with non-gloss sealant . If you want to color the wood to match you need to use polycolors which is stain mixed in clear coat .
 The product was delivered very quickly , in good condition , and made the person I gave it to very happy .
 GOOD - My infant can face me . It is pretty ingenious how this conversion works . You wo n't need to carry any extra parts . - Gets around easy - A very smooth ride - Is a stroller that lays flat , but can still fit into my car . I 've tried the travel system strollers , but they would not fit unless I fold the seats down , and with two car seats in the backseat this time , I do n't have that option . - The handles extend for my longer stride . I kept kicking the back of my compact stroller . - The seat reclines all the way , unlike most compact strollers . - The hood is huge . It is great in the forward facing position too , it gives my toddler a much less distracted place to sleep . This comes in handy when folded too , I like to put some of my shopping items in the crease . - My 18 month old remained settled and comfortable in this stroller . It was the first time since he could sit-up and see everything that he has fallen asleep on an outing.SO-SO - Not so great for one hand steering - Still a bit too long to fit the way I wanted it to in the trunk of my hatchback . It will lay in there at an angle . - No parent tray . I am not sure a cup holder would fit . You can see in the picture the gray parts on the handle , those are used to open and close the stroller . I have yet to find a cup holder while shopping to see if it can even be used here . - No snack tray . The manual shows one in a picture though . - The manual is pictorial . It did not explain that I needed to look to see that the very bottom of the bar leading to the handles needed to detach below the seat . I merely showed a picture that indicated I needed to slide the gray portion of the handles up . - When opening the stroller , remember to push down on the seat until it clicks into place . This stroller did not fold up on my son as has happened with other strollers , and I did push him around wondering why the basket was hitting the wheels before I found the problem . So this is just a heads up.OVERALLI ca n't afford the stroller that has everything . This stroller is within the price range of travel system strollers in department stores , but has more compact car friendly features . If I need to put anything in the trunk while I am out , this stroller will still fit in the front seat and not be in the way .
 I have two of these lovely blankets , one for each of my twin baby boys . I use them all the time . They are the perfect cover for the carseat on chilly days , they make a great changing pad for all those diaper changes , they work tied to a front pack or any type of baby carrier , even my 3 and 6 year olds like to cuddle up in them ! I always get asked about them when we are out and about.This is something you will use almost every day , a great investment !
 I own two of these blankets , and have given at least four more out for baby gifts . This is the best money I 've spent on a baby item!I use it in the summer so my son has a clean , dry place to be changed and hang out , I use it in the fall when the ground is wet -LRB- it literally does not allow water to penetrate -RRB- , and I use it all winter long to cover my son up in his stroller . It 's easy to clean , VERY durable , and really nice looking . My husband and I have also used it at Husky games to keep our bums warm and dry . BUY THIS you wo n't regret it !! And make sure it 's a Woobee -- I 've seen another similar one , but it does let water leak through , esp . after some washing -- the Woobee does n't .
 I bought this for my youngest child -LRB- I have 2 under 2 -RRB- in hopes that I could chase the older one around at the waterpark and not have to worry about either of them getting hurt . This carrier was great and my son loved it and so did I. Every once in a while the straps would get really tangled which would be a pain but they usually stayed put . I had the red hibiscus print but obviously the black one is the same . I got so many comments on it too . I was n't sure if it was worth the money but it 's defintely worth every penny . I 'll be bummed when he can no longer use it . We use it everywhere not just for water related activities it keeps them warm no matter where you are .
 I love this lamp !!! We purchased this lamp in 2007 along with the rest of the set.The lamp feels solid and the details are just adorable.I loved the complete set soo much that when my second daughter was born I kept the room with the same decor.I love my Snug as a Bug set !!
 My cousin has a lot of fun with this toy . It is cheap as well .
 This jogger ROCKS !!! I have a 18 month -LRB- 26lbs -RRB- old and seven year old -LRB- 40lbs -RRB- I wanted something I could have them both ride in . I walk about two miles a day . This jogger is light weight and easy to push . We are looking forward to taking it to Disneyworld this summer . I love how it can fold flat -LRB- wheels off -RRB- and it is so much easier to fold than our super jogger thats 8yrs old . -LRB- still going strong -RRB- I highly recommend this jogger to anyone that wants quality over a cheaper jogger . Remeber you get what you pay for .
 Looks true to the picture - subtle light green , not neon bright . Good value for the price . I would buy again .
 These are nice , inexpensive and good quality . The blue is a very classic baby blue . I also ordered the coordinating skirtTadpoles Classic Gingham Crib Skirt - Blueand sheetTadpoles Classic Gingham Fitted Sheets - Set/2 - Blueand several months later am still happy with all three .
 I was looking for some inexpensive valances to finish my daughter 's nursery . These were perfect ; the fabric is soft with a nice feel and the gingham print is very nice . I was surprised because I expected `` the least of the least '' these are a solid product at an affordable price .
 We use them for our son 's farm themed nursery and they are great . Good price , good product that tie together the theme well .
 Pretty valance - may need something behind it as it is sort of thin , but perfect for little girls ' rooms
 I searched everywhere for simple , gender neutral valances for our new baby 's nursery . We had the Pottery Barn Peter Rabbit nursery bedding , but they had discontinued the matching valances . When I saw these on amazon , I was not sure because of the inexpensive price -LRB- valances on Pottery Barn Kids or Land of Nod are much more expensive -RRB- , but decided to give them a try . Turns out they match perfectly ! The material is a bit thinner that other valances I 've bought from Land of Nod/Pottery Barn Kids , but after ironing and hanging them , they look perfect . What a steal !
 We bought two valances and two panels for our baby boy 's nursery . For some reason we ordered the valances separate from one another . When we got them up we noticed that the colors between the two valances did not quite match . We had already discarded the packaging and we elected to contact Tadpoles directly to see if they might help with a replacement . I 'll admit I was n't too optimistic when I contacted the company by email . I was most pleasantly surprised when I received an email back asking us to send a photograph documenting the color discrepancy . Within a couple days they shipped a new valance . We are so pleased with the Tadpoles ' customer service and their reaction to our needs .
 Cute curtains . I bought them for a gender-neutral nursery . I love yellow and I love gingham , so thought these would be perfect . They are very cute , but I find the gingham does n't stand out as much as I might like in yellow . I bet the curtains would look even better with a bolder color .
 Got these for daughters nursery , was n't expecting much but they are very nice . I also got the matching crib skirts and they match perfectly . They were very wrinkly , as others have said , but once threw the wash and some ironing with STARCH and perfecto . Only problem is that I had to order 2 because of the size of our window , but that 's nothing to do with the valence .
 I bought this on a whim because I was sick to death of desitin . I 'm SO glad I did . I have two kids that are very prone to diaper rash and heat rash and this clears it up in no time . Plus it 's so much easier than getting your hand in desitin then having to wrangle a wiggly child . I have also started using it on my female dog , as she is prone to UTIs . I think she likes it ! When she sees me coming with the pink bottle , she rolls over and lets me powder her ! As a mom and a pet owner , I highly recommend this product !
 This powder has been used by my family since the 1970 's . I highly recommend it for general use and for baby . Also for baby , there is a blue container , made just for babies . Try it , you 'll like it .
 I have 4 children and have been usuing this product since 1998 with my first child . This powder is amazing . With every baby , and their first rash , I have tried putting on a cream or ointment , without a doubt they start screaming their little head off . Every time I have wiped off the cream/ointment and put on this powder and they calm down and are happy . Within 24 hours to a couple days -LRB- depending on the rash -RRB- the rash is gone . It is very hard to find in stores these days but I am so happy I found it on-line !!! Of course , always be careful when putting a powder on a baby . A Dr. told me once to put the powder in your hand , away from the baby , and then put the powder in your hand on the baby .
 Love protecting little bottoms ; Hate the messy creams . This is the answer . It smells great and works wonderfully . Apply sparingly .
 It arrived on time and was just as advertised . Why shop locally when this is so easy ? We are blessed .
 The best powder if you want to stay dry ! . Nice scent with a fine powder texture . A little goes a long way and does the job it says it does ! Highly recommend !
 love this it is the best powder for babys they have out there used it on my kids now my grand kids use it al tho it is very hard to find in stores
 Very nice powder that keeps me dry . Not quite as good as the Monistat powder that I can no longer get , but it 's a great product . Will buy again
 This product is excellent and really clears up my babies bum very quickly when he has a rash . It also prevents rash when we use it regularly . I am going to try the blue one next since it is talc-free and see if I like it as well as the pink one . They both have zinc oxide in them so both are skin barriers which we need to protect my son 's bum from `` poopies '' . The pink one goes on very smooth and smells pleasant . It rinses off my hands much easier than barrier diaper ointment however protects his bum just as well . As a pediatric ICU nurse , I wish I had this product to use on my patients in the ICU with diaper rash .
 My son is 10 months old and he has never had a rash . As long as we change his diaper , wipe and then use a tissue to pat him dry before putting on Caldesene Powder we are golden . We use it only before nap , after BM , and before putting him to bed ... I usually do not use it for just wet diapers during the day unless he seems like he is starting to show some irritation ... I think most kids get a rash from being wiped and still having wet skin before putting on a new diaper . It took us a bit to figure this out with our daughter who suffered a few rashes/red irritated skin before we made sure she was patted dry before putting on a diaper and using Caldesene Powder before prolonged sleep and after BMs .
 Caldesene is hard to find in our area . So online is about the only way to get it wihout driving 50 miles to a pharmacy that carries it . It will clear up diaper rash quicker than any other powder on the market . Our pediatrician reccomends it above all other brands . Smooth , good smelling powder seems to sooth the baby as soon as it hits their skin . Great stuff . Amazon has the best price and low shipping . Great product at a great price !
 This is an excellent product for babies and also adults . My baby had a diaper rash and this cleared the rash up in a few days . I love it . The small size it great for traveling .
 Years ago a Vet recommended Caldesene for our loose skinned floppy Bassets . We used it on subsequent Bassets until we could no longer find it.and have tried other products which did not work quite as well . I was thrilled to find it online - like finding a long lost friend .
 I really like this stuff , we have n't had diaper rash issues since we switched to it . It does have a bit of a medicine odor tho . The ingrediants do list a fragrance , why they picked this one is beyond me ! It 's not horrible or anything , I 'll certainly keep buying it , it 's just not as nice as baby powder . : -RRB-
 My local store stopped carrying the baby powder with zinc oxide , leaving me to try Gold Bold . It 's 5 % zinc oxide , but also has menthol or camphor . Very cooling but smells medicinal . So I ordered some Caldesene . 15 % zinc oxide and smells like fresh bath powder . Much better . I 'm a plump old lady with several chins and this stuff protects me from that sticky skin-on-skin feeling . I highly recommend zinc oxide powder , and Caldesene in particular , as a way for adults to stay comfortable in warm weather .
 Try the Caldesene water test . Fill a glass with water then sprinkle Caldesene on top of water . Stick your finger into the water and when you pull it out it will be dry and you 'll be able to blow some of the powder off your finger . It is a great wettness barrior . Great for babies bottoms and adult bottoms too !
 This powder is hard to come by . I know they usually carry it at Walgreen 's also . It is the BEST cure for diaper rash . It has always cleared it up immediately for both my kids . It 's also much easier to sprinkle a little powder on than it is to goop up your hands with cream . I always give this as a gift for every baby shower I go to !
 I purchased this product to get rid of a heat rash I had under my bra line that was driving me crazy . Very soothing and kept me from scratching it . Tried regular talc to no avail . This helped clear it up fast !
 Caldesene products never fail me ! I use this for just about everything , from hot humid days of cycling to long hikes through the swampslands . After being waterlogged and feeling icky for a good part of the day , a nice hot shower and some medicated powder brings my skin back to life . When my son was a baby , I never had a reason to bother with rash creams as long as Caldesene was around . There is n't much else to say about this except that it works !
 Thank goodness for this product . My youngest daughter -LRB- of four kiddos -RRB- developed the worst diaper rash I 've ever seen after coming down with an awful case of diarrhea that did n't stop for almost a week . I tried EVERYTHING - ALL the creams on the market - natural and otherwise , expensive and cheap , cream combined with talcum , aloe , etc. - and nothing else worked . I am eternally grateful that I stumbled upon this powder . It quickly and efficiently cleared my baby 's redness and sores and allowed us both to endure frequent diaper changes without tears . The zinc infused drying powder is GENIUS . I highly recommend Caldesene .
 Shortly after my son started sleeping through the night , he developed a horrible red , bumpy rash on his bottom that was so raw it made him cry in pain . We tried changing diaper brands , Aquaphor and Desitin for a week and it got worse . We also tried generic anti-fungal cream and leaving him without a diaper . Nothing worked for three weeks.I took him to his peditrician , who explained that it was a yeast rash , caused by extended contact of sensitive skin with a wet diaper during the night . Any diaper can cause this , not just those with Drymax or those for overnight use . Using a protective barrier before bedtime is the best way to prevent it.The doctor recommended Lotrimin Antifungal -LRB- AF -RRB- Cream three times a day -LRB- no other brand -RRB- . For other diaper changes , gently clean off the baby 's bottom and apply Caldasene on the raw spots -LRB- putting the powder on your hand first -RRB- , then cover the whole area with eitherBoudreaux 's Butt Paste , Diaper Rash Ointment , Tube 4 oz -LRB- 113 g -RRB- orBalmex Diaper Rash Cream with Aloe & Vitamin E , 4 oz.The pain subsided right away with this three-step treatment and within 48 hours , the horrible rash is gone . Truly amazing .
 This is the best powder on the market to keep females -LRB- babies to adult women -RRB- fresh & dry all day long !!
 I have been using this powder for many years on a daily basis and I would not ever use anything else ! It is the best thing I have ever come across . I first found it when my son was an infant and had sensitive skin . He is now 15years old and it is a staple in our household .
 Caldesene Protecting Powder is the BEST I have come across . My grandson has Hirschsprung Disease . This causes him to have runny stool and bad dipper rash . My daughter tried all kinds of powders to help him and nothing worked . I found Caldesene under my bathroom sink and figured we could at least try it on his rash . Within 2 days his rash was gone . Nothing else has ever worked . Great product !!!
 I purchased this a few weeks ago for monitoring in the bedroom during daytime naps or during the night so that I could watch and hear what was going on . This set up in a snap -LRB- mounting to a wall or sitting on a table -RRB- , and gets great reception in most parts of the house . As compare to the alternative in this price range -LRB- the Saftey 1st brand -RRB- , this worked perfect out of the box . The Saftey 1st one did not broadcast as well , and the montior had a permanent roll to it -LRB- despite playing with the V hold knob constantly -RRB- . Worth the investment for security and assurance . This is the brand to buy .
 We have three children and for some reason just got this monitor with our third . I wish I had it for all 3 ! This is our new gift to all new parents . It is especially helpful from 9mos and beyond so you can see if they are asleep or not . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought the Summer Infant Monitor for my daughter when she had my grandson . The sound and picture are very clear and it was easy to hook up . My older daughter is pregnant with my second grandson and I 'm ordering another for her . We 're very happy with this product !
 FIVE stars!This monitor has the BEST picture & BEST sound with the least interference from any monitor I have any had . You wo n't be disappointed .
 We have had this monitor for over a year , and have had good results . For the money , we have no complaints .
 We got this for our first daughter who is now 15 months . Her room is ADORABLE . We imitated the photo with her nursery design and have received nothing but compliments . The bedding is so cute , we have no problems with the quality . I bought it because I thought that this bedding set was unique in that it was feminine yet not PINK everywhere and had an interesting design . Very pleased with this selection . Got the lamp , drapes , wallpaper border , bedding set , picture and blanket . ** 2 years later - this set held up great ! My mom is actually using the quilt to make a twin size bed cover for my daughter 's bed and she said that it was the most indestructible piece she had ever had to take apart . So again - still 5 stars !
 I love beautiful excellent product , Very good product quality and the colors are super bright , what I liked most was the beautiful quilt .
 I ordered this set from another site because they had free shipping . The bedding arrived today and it is sooo much prettier than in the pictures . I LOVE it ! We have white furniture and the colors really pop next to it . It seems to be of good quality . Baby is n't here yet so I do not know how well it wears but I am inclined to think it will last . I ordered the mobile , fuzzy blanket , and car seat insert . They are all very cute and I am happy I got them . I also love that this set includes the diaper stacker and valance , both of which are adorable . I really think this is a spectacular set for the money ! Happy shopping !
 my daughter is now two - we got this set when she was born , and it 's still in perfect shape ! we love it !
 We bought this set two years ago for our daughter . We loved it then , and we still love it now . I bought the bedding set , the fuzzy blanket , and the drapes . It makes her room so girly and pretty . I pained the wall a light yellow , and it all looks great . Her favorite blanket that she sleeps with every night is the fuzzy blanket that goes with it . We love it .
 We bought this bedding set for our little girl when she was 18 months old and her new baby brother had to take over her gender-neutral nursery . I was so excited to get a really girly set for her . I chose this set based on the combination of pink , yellow and green and the fact that it offered so many accessories.I got the bedding set , plus the hamper , valances , and the 3 piece wall art set . They all coordinate perfectly and look wonderful . The comforter is stitched nicely and looks like an expensive Pottery Barn quilt . They 've all held up well for over 3 years now -LRB- she 's nearly 5 -RRB- . The only complaint I would give is that one of the frames in the wall art was slightly warped so it does n't sit exactly flush against the wall . Everything else has held up under brutal toddler wear just fine . I guess the one reviewer who complained of the poor quality got a lemon set for some reason . Mine has been fine.I would recommend this set strongly . They even sell toddler bedding to match so that when your baby is ready for a top sheet and blanket to go on her convertible crib/toddler bed , you do n't have to change her room decor !
 We were more than happy with the Tiger Lily crib bedding when we saw it in person . Great quality fabric , quality craftsmanship , and the colors are wonderful . We also painted the walls yellow , and the contrast looks fantastic . We 'll be back for more pieces in this collection for sure!This helped us create the perfect nursery for our daughter .
 I received this after registering for it on my shower and I absolutely LOVE IT !! I wanted a happy nursery for our new baby girl and it most certainly is . We painted the walls yellow which are a perfect contrast to the pink . It makes it seem like not too much pink . I love the tiger lily 's on the pattern as well ! I have three little girls and this is by far my favorite nursery yet !
 We purchased this seat cushion for our Svan high chair and I love the way it fits . We had the plastic chair prior to owning our Svan and the cushion was always sliding . My son is a very messy eater and this cushion comes off easily and I throw it right into the washer . It wears great and cleans nicely . I did have a problem with the first cushion I had in that it had a small tear in a seam , but it was promptly replaced by the manufacturer at their cost . It 's nice to see companies stand up for their products and care about their customers satisfaction .
 We love the Svan chair -LRB- see my review posted under its listing -RRB- , and we love this cushion ! I got the Sage color and it really looks much better in person -LRB- fortunately -RRB- . It fits the chair very snugly , feels soft and nice , and looks classy . Plus , I 've found it very easy to clean . So far , I 've just wiped it down , but it 's machine washable in case we ever have a messy incident . But the most important reviewer is my 7-month-old -- he loves it and smiles every time we strap him in . If you get the chair , spring for the cushion . You wo n't regret it .
 Stains and crusty food just comes right off ! Washes up great and does n't get lumpy . The SVAN chair cushions are available in many colors , but trust me ... You want the black color . Juice , tomato sauce , and other staining foods will not show up . Excellent quality item . Svan makes their cushions just as good as their highchairs !
 I just bought my 3rd Svan Highchair for my 3rd child with a Sage Cushion . I have had the other two chairs and cushions for 3 years and they look just as good now as the new one I brought home yesterday . My kids are messy and the cushions are fine in the washer and dryer . Great product !
 I love that the cushion is comfortable , easy to clean , and the color is wonderful , and my daughter loves to sit in it . Before we got the cushion she did n't like sitting in the chair at all now that 's her favorite seat .
 The cushion works perfectly as expected and cleans up well . I think it looks much better than the basic one that comes with the chair as a combination package .
 This cushion arrived as described , and importantly , as pictured - it is sometimes difficult to get a good idea of a subtle color like this from a single online picture , but this was a good quality one . The only complaint I might make is that the description did not make it clear that there is only one Svan model of high chair -LRB- Signet -RRB- and that this cushion fits . I was worried until it arrived that perhaps it was for another chair that I did n't know about , as my Svan chair did n't seem to have a model name .
 Easy to clean . Nice color . My baby seems to like the highchair and the cushion . Surprisingly goes well with the mahogany chair . Will probably try other colors too .
 I love the Svan chair ... and now that I have the cushion , my 6 mth old is as happy as can be . The cushion is quite thick and cushions her well . I have n't washed the cushion yet , but hopefully it will be easily washable .
 Great Svan high chair cushion . Easy to remove and wash . I recommend washing in cold with like colors and not washing it with towels in the same load . Otherwise towel `` pills '' stick to the fabric . Overall , a good quality material and good cushion for baby 's back and tush on the Svan high chair . I would buy this again .
 Seat cover arrived quickly and the Turquoise is a beautiful color . Easy to attach to the chair and easy to take off for machine washing . Looks great on the Svan high chair
 You really ca n't go wrong with this Svan chair and cushion . If you want high - quality and getting the bang for your buck - this is your chair . Our toddler daughters have been using the chair/cushion for the last 3 years . We wash the cushion periodically - just throw it in the washing machine and it looks as good as new .
 Fit well , works as expected , and is a perfect fit . It is a must have and saved my baby from hurting himself when he jumps back . Highly recommend .
 This cushion is a must have if you already have the Svan highchair . It makes the chair much more comfortable for the child . I would recommend getting two so you have a spare when you need to wash one . They are machine washable -LRB- which is awesome ! -RRB- and very easy to get on and off without having to remove the buckles from the highchair .
 I gave this 4 stars b/c it works for its intended use however , I prefer not to use a cushion b/c they get so dirty . My little one is learning to feed herself and is very ` busy'in her chair . The cushion constantly has food smeared on it . After I realized she was fine in the chair without it -LRB- it was in the wash during a feeding time -RRB- I decided not to put it back on . My personal preference .
 So glad we bought this to go with the Svan Hight Chair . It is easy to wipe clean and is washable .
 This was a gift for my grandson.My daughter and her husband say that the cushion is perfect for our grandson.Thanks !! S Rusk
 What more can I say , its a high chair cushion . This turquoise color is awesome ! It fits my Svan well and love it with the dark wood . Could be for a girl or boy too !
 Fits the fabulous Svan chair perfectly of course , and fun and cute without being cutesie . The pattern means food spills wo n't show up as obviously as on a solid color cushion.We have a poop blowout the first time baby was in the chair , and had stains on both cushions . I stain-treated the spots , washed and hoped for the best , and the cushions are like new , no trace of a stain . What every mother would wish for !
 This is a great cushion for the Svan high chair but the color is not a baby pink like shown in the picture or on the packaging . It is a beautiful warm coral pink .
 This cover fits perfectly over the svan toddler chair . It 's easy to put on and take off -- easy to spot clean . It fits snug on the chair and does n't slip around at all . A great purchase to go with the chair
 We 've loved this high-chair for our daughter , and are now getting a second for our baby boy . Works great as both a high-chair and a `` high chair '' for big kids . And looks beautiful -- tons of compliments . Easy to assemble and clean .
 Our 2-year old daughter loves this chair . She can climb into it herself -LRB- safely -RRB- and she sits right up to the table comfortably . She 'll actually sit through a meal now . We also purchased the seat cushions for her comfort . Assembly was very easy -LRB- I did n't even use the enclosed CD -RRB- ; it is a very well made product .
 This is a must for the Svan chair . It keeps my daughter snugly in . I love the colors they offer !!
 Cushion fits the chair nicely . Has velcro straps to keep it firmly in place . Even with wiggly bottoms like my son . Easy off easy on for easy cleaning ! Toss in washing machine when needed . Great item .
 I was looking for some inexpensive valances to finish my daughter 's nursery . These were perfect ; the fabric is soft with a nice feel and the gingham print is very nice . I was surprised because I expected `` the least of the least '' these are a solid product at an affordable price .
 We use them for our son 's farm themed nursery and they are great . Good price , good product that tie together the theme well .
 Pretty valance - may need something behind it as it is sort of thin , but perfect for little girls ' rooms
 I searched everywhere for simple , gender neutral valances for our new baby 's nursery . We had the Pottery Barn Peter Rabbit nursery bedding , but they had discontinued the matching valances . When I saw these on amazon , I was not sure because of the inexpensive price -LRB- valances on Pottery Barn Kids or Land of Nod are much more expensive -RRB- , but decided to give them a try . Turns out they match perfectly ! The material is a bit thinner that other valances I 've bought from Land of Nod/Pottery Barn Kids , but after ironing and hanging them , they look perfect . What a steal !
 We bought two valances and two panels for our baby boy 's nursery . For some reason we ordered the valances separate from one another . When we got them up we noticed that the colors between the two valances did not quite match . We had already discarded the packaging and we elected to contact Tadpoles directly to see if they might help with a replacement . I 'll admit I was n't too optimistic when I contacted the company by email . I was most pleasantly surprised when I received an email back asking us to send a photograph documenting the color discrepancy . Within a couple days they shipped a new valance . We are so pleased with the Tadpoles ' customer service and their reaction to our needs .
 Cute curtains . I bought them for a gender-neutral nursery . I love yellow and I love gingham , so thought these would be perfect . They are very cute , but I find the gingham does n't stand out as much as I might like in yellow . I bet the curtains would look even better with a bolder color .
 Got these for daughters nursery , was n't expecting much but they are very nice . I also got the matching crib skirts and they match perfectly . They were very wrinkly , as others have said , but once threw the wash and some ironing with STARCH and perfecto . Only problem is that I had to order 2 because of the size of our window , but that 's nothing to do with the valence .
 Looks true to the picture - subtle light green , not neon bright . Good value for the price . I would buy again .
 These are nice , inexpensive and good quality . The blue is a very classic baby blue . I also ordered the coordinating skirtTadpoles Classic Gingham Crib Skirt - Blueand sheetTadpoles Classic Gingham Fitted Sheets - Set/2 - Blueand several months later am still happy with all three .
 I bought two of these for my newborn . Each towel is huge and both are still going strong after being washed at least once per week each for the past 5 + months . They were extremely absorbent and soft initially . The reason I took one star off is that they seem a little less soft and absorbent than initially but just mildly so . not sure if it 's the detergent but I have only laundered with ivory snow or purex baby liquid . another plus , the gingham print has hardly faded at all which was a concern of mine prior to purchasing and receiving the towels.All in all a good buy , much better than the run of the mill pretty but not very absorbent baby towels .
 Cushy , soft , large enough for my tall toddler .
 Looks true to the picture - subtle light green , not neon bright . Good value for the price . I would buy again .
 These are nice , inexpensive and good quality . The blue is a very classic baby blue . I also ordered the coordinating skirtTadpoles Classic Gingham Crib Skirt - Blueand sheetTadpoles Classic Gingham Fitted Sheets - Set/2 - Blueand several months later am still happy with all three .
 I was looking for some inexpensive valances to finish my daughter 's nursery . These were perfect ; the fabric is soft with a nice feel and the gingham print is very nice . I was surprised because I expected `` the least of the least '' these are a solid product at an affordable price .
 We use them for our son 's farm themed nursery and they are great . Good price , good product that tie together the theme well .
 Pretty valance - may need something behind it as it is sort of thin , but perfect for little girls ' rooms
 I searched everywhere for simple , gender neutral valances for our new baby 's nursery . We had the Pottery Barn Peter Rabbit nursery bedding , but they had discontinued the matching valances . When I saw these on amazon , I was not sure because of the inexpensive price -LRB- valances on Pottery Barn Kids or Land of Nod are much more expensive -RRB- , but decided to give them a try . Turns out they match perfectly ! The material is a bit thinner that other valances I 've bought from Land of Nod/Pottery Barn Kids , but after ironing and hanging them , they look perfect . What a steal !
 We bought two valances and two panels for our baby boy 's nursery . For some reason we ordered the valances separate from one another . When we got them up we noticed that the colors between the two valances did not quite match . We had already discarded the packaging and we elected to contact Tadpoles directly to see if they might help with a replacement . I 'll admit I was n't too optimistic when I contacted the company by email . I was most pleasantly surprised when I received an email back asking us to send a photograph documenting the color discrepancy . Within a couple days they shipped a new valance . We are so pleased with the Tadpoles ' customer service and their reaction to our needs .
 Cute curtains . I bought them for a gender-neutral nursery . I love yellow and I love gingham , so thought these would be perfect . They are very cute , but I find the gingham does n't stand out as much as I might like in yellow . I bet the curtains would look even better with a bolder color .
 Got these for daughters nursery , was n't expecting much but they are very nice . I also got the matching crib skirts and they match perfectly . They were very wrinkly , as others have said , but once threw the wash and some ironing with STARCH and perfecto . Only problem is that I had to order 2 because of the size of our window , but that 's nothing to do with the valence .
 These place mats are the greatest , you have children that want to feed their selves but also you ca n't give them a plate of their own without them dropping them and making a mess . the mats work great because tables are not always as clean as you would like and you can just gather up all of your mess at the end of the meal and throw it away .
 I love these because they are light weight and I can keep them in my gigantic diaper bag without adding to the weight . Plus the whole pack is pretty small . They have 4 adhesive strips to adhere to the table and the end wraps around to protect baby from germs . Very useful . I just leave it for the restaurant to toss so you do n't have to bring it home in your bag .
 We used these when our son was a baby and now our daughter is big enough for the restaurant high chair , I am using them again . They stick firmly , are colorful for baby and more importantly , prevent bite size bits of food from touching the table surface where who knows what germs lurk .
 The dimensions for these basket liners are 11 '' x 17 '' x 7 '' and the decoration is across the ` short ' end or what would be the ` width ' of your basket . The decoration is a small version of the turtle , elephant , and monkey from the Zanzibar theme and is embroidered , not printed , onto the fabric just like the rest of the line . Because the ties you use to secure the edge of the liner around the basket are drawstrings I was able to use the liners in smaller baskets with just a little folding and gathering . The corner ties are only located on the front -LRB- short end/width -RRB- of the liners . The fabric part that goes inside the basket is quilted and is 65 % polyester 35 % cotton . It is the brown and cream check print just like the Zanzibar sheet set . The liners are machine washable . Apparently they will fit the `` Kids Line '' brand wicker baskets which come in white or pecan - sold separately in sets of three . I did n't buy these because I 've heard from several mothers that they have sharp edges and will scratch anything they come in contact with -- your furniture or even your baby ! Each liner package will only contain one basket liner . They are cute and compliment the rest of the Zanzibar line well .
 Super cute and good quality . I did not need the basket because I already had one I bought from walmart so I was glad this was sold as just the liner . Animals are really cute and the beige part matches the lines of the Kidsline Zanzibar crib sheet . Cute liner .
 These are very cute ! I bought 3 of these to go with the set of KidsLine baskets they fit into . Completes the look of my sons room . The only thing I did n't like was that you have to purchase each liner individually when the baskets come in a 3 pack .
 These spoons are awesome ! I have never had to throw them away . My older kids actually prefer to eat with them then the other spoons . GREAT buy !!
 This is a great product . I have purchased it several times ! I love the price ... When I travel I can just throw them away but I can also wash and keep these when it 's convenient for me . A must for traveling with babies !
 Nice and colorful spoons . On a trip we would use and clean them a few times or just toss them . Great product for the purpose .
 Great to keep in a diaper bag or in the car . Very handy and easy to use . Perfect for traveling .
 I 'm not sure who would buy these to just ` toss ' but these are the go to baby spoon in our house . They are a great price and we are n't all that upset if we lose one . Mostly , we use them while at home . They are easy to clean and my son is able to easily hold them on his own .
 Great spoons for my little one . Here 's the summary : Pros : - These spoons come in a 16 pack ; I do n't know about you , but somehow spoons in our house keep getting lost , kinda like the other sock in the laundry . It 's good to have a lot of these on hand . - Decent spoon scoop size - even with runny food , a fair amount still gets in the mouth . - Gender-neutral colors - These are recyclable once exhausted , although I have yet to deliberately throw one away . Accidentally thrown away , that 's a different story.Cons : - They can feel a bit flimsy at times , but these are meant to have a limited lifetime , so it was a stretch to even come up with this con.On a personal note , I like these as opposed to the fancier ones that are heat-indicators . I have those ones as well , but usually go by the `` finger-test '' or just mix it up and try some myself . ALso , when you lose one of these it hurts the wallet less than the heat-indicators , which are much more expensive per each spoon .
 These are fantastic ! Other spoons we received were too big for his small mouth . These are perfect ! Soft plastic and great for on-the-go feeding . We use at home and when out and due to price dont have to worry if one or two get lost . Highly recommend !
 We have been using these spoons since our daughter was about 8 months old and graduated from the plastic-tipped ones . I use them for her everyday spoons and just throw them in the dishwasher with everything else . I also take them to restaurants and places we travel . I take a plastic bag to bring the dirty ones back home , but as inexpensive as they are I do n't fret when one does n't make it back !
 These are the only spoons we 've used for feeding our son - they 're soft , which is great when he gets a spoon in the face from thrashing around , they 're just the right size , they 're comfortable to use , and they clean up very well .
 These spoons are great , I keep a few in a diaper bag , a few at grandmas - etc. . I give one to my son as I feed him . Its a great set .
 These spoons are the perfect size for first feeders . The bowl of the spoon is narrow and not too deep , so the food actually gets into my son 's mouth . These are really light too , unlike the spoons that have metal conponents . Do n't go with the more expensive spoons . These work the best , are cheap and are BPA free and recyclable !
 I bought these spoons for our first family vacation with a 9 month old . We were gone 5 days which included a 12 hour drive there and back . These spoons were great !! The size was perfect , they were sturdy and not flimsy or cheap like an adult disposable spoon . And the price was great to be able to feed him either in the car or at a restaurant and just throw away the spoon and not worry about washing/rinsing them and re-packing them . I will definitely purchase these for any future vacations and will even keep spares in my diaper bag in case I forget to pack his normal spoons .
 I bought these when we were out one day without any spoons and they never really made it into our every day use - until recently . My 12 month old is taking interest in spoon feeding and these have turned out to be a big hit . They are inexpensive , easy for her to hold , and nice and short . So far she 's doing a great job with them - with sticky foods that stick to the spoon anyway .
 These are great spoons for infants -- they are small , but that is perfect for little mouths , otherwiseyou have food all over their face!The Gerber baby spoons , which have been used for years and are great , have that soft lining . Once they getteeth , however , baby always wants to chew on the spongy part of those spoons ! Maybe it 's me , but I do n'tlike the chewed-on look ;-RRB- These are not tempting to chew on , which I really like : -RRB- Sturdy little spoons , can be used again and again !
 I bought these for vacation intending that they would be disposable , but I love them and I kept them all , they 're the best baby spoons we have .
 I worked at a daycare , and we had a bunch of different baby spoons , but I always dug around for these . I do n't like the ones with the soft end - eventually the babies would bite down on them , and it was tug of war to get them out of their mouth . They 're CHEAP , reusable , and the best !
 I bought these since my son has just turned four months old . I was surprised when some said they used them as disposable baby spoons . The plastic used to make them is pretty sturdy so I would definitely re-use them . And since it 's a 16-pack they will last me for a long while . Not to mention it 's a great deal : DNeedless to say , I would absolutely recommend this product to any parent .
 i have these for my diaper bag and sometimes i toss them , but sometimes i mix them up with the other spoons and put them in the dishwasher . they have never melted and are sturdy enough to reuse .
 Great spoons . So I 'm not quite sure why you would want to toss these . They are sturdy enough to reuse many times , but cheap enough that if you 're out and about and have no where to wash the spoon then just toss it . : - -RRB-
 These r absolutely great.they r easy for my daughter to put in her mouth when she tries to feed herself and r easy to clean and store
 I bought these for use on a camping trip and ended up reusing most of them despite my intent to use them as disposables . Now I keep a few extras in the car , diaper bag , etc. for when I inevitably forget a regular spoon.They 're the perfect size for little mouths and great to swap in when someone wants to just teethe on the spoon instead of eating . -LRB- My other spoons have metal handles . -RRB- Also , the handles are easier for ME to hold than the flat metal ones - the contours give me a better grip.We 're starting to try to get her to feed herself and I 'm offering her these and the toddler-sized take-and-toss spoons to use . So far ? Messy but fun . ; -RRB-
 I have this towel and it 's a nice quality for the price . It 's thick and absorbent , unlike most baby towels . I recommend this one .
 I 've tried quite a few different kinds of wipes , my son has had an allergic reaction to most of the ones that we 've tried -LRB- no huggies , or cheap brands of diapers for him . . -RRB- These wipes smell ok , and Pampers brand have been the best for him actually , and not too expensive either .
 This is a really great set for the money . It is very cute . I made up my son 's bed and then surprised him with it . He was soooo excited . He does ask where the tank fish are sometimes but he is ever happy to put his head on the Dory side of the pillow . My only complaint is that the flat sheet is fitted on the bottom . This would drive me crazy since I leave mine untucked when I sleep . My son does n't love sleeping under the covers but he gladly pulls up the quilt and snuggles right in .
 After a long , and expensive , search to find the perfect sippy cup , we are so happy to have found this one !!! It 's true , it does not leak ! Washes up great in the dishwasher . Just pop the valve on the lid , screw it on , and your done ! I dont have to worry about lining the lid up with the dots on the sides like some other cups we have tried . And best of all , I do not have to worry about leaks !!! I have shaken the cup violently , and not even a drop has come out ! My son does great with this cup too ! Cant say enough about these cups ! I am ordering more now to replace our old ones ! I would say , depending on the child , these would be great to start using around 10-12 months .
 We recently bought a pack of these and they are the best cups out there . When dropped , the rubber valves stay in place . They are very easy to drink from and have a small spout which is easier for little mouths . The cars designs are so cute . They almost look 3-D with cute race track back grounds . Lightening McQueen is pictured on both cups . Ca n't go wrong with these cups . Highly recommended . Easy to clean too .
 We switched from a soft spout nubby and my son took to this right away ! I am very happy that it A -RRB- does not leak , one bit and B -RRB- it is dish washer safe ! My son loves lightening and I got what I wanted out of a silly , double win : -RRB-
 Playtex sippy cups ; you ca n't go wrong . 95 % leak proof ; easy to wash , what 's not to love .
 I love playtex as always very colorfull and works great . Jacob always loves his sippy cups so more the better .
 All the other cups that my son was trying out ended up leaking or falling apart . These are great , simple , and effective . My only grip with them is the rubber piece on the underside of the top , we have managed to loose this piece on one of our other version of this cup -LRB- different exterior color and design -RRB- and has made the cup useless . Other than that I would recommend to anyone .
 These are my go to cups . They never spill . It 's great to be able to throw these in my purse or bag with the confidence of knowing they are spill proof . My 20 month old son has no problem drinking from these and loves the different themes .
 These are great cups . My toddler loves them and they appear to be a great quality . I do n't put them through the dishwasher becuase I am not sure if the print on the outside would come off . Easy to drink from but does n't spill easily .
 Great sippy cups . Do n't spill much . If they are shaken upside down , they will leak a little but overall - very little leaking considering that it 's carried upside down as often as it is . Also like that it 's insulated . And let 's face it , sippy cups have small parts ... that 's what prevents the leaks . These are fairly easy to clean , still require a little brush to get the nooks and crannies but a quick clean .
 I bought these for my 3 yr old son , who is very active . They have been dropped a few times with empty and filled . They have not broken or leaked . There is also an indicator on the cover to ensure you do n't over tighten . My son loves Cars so they have become his new favorites .
 Love these cups ; they really are spill proof . Also used these to replace the bottle and the little one just loves the car design .
 These are the best . They do not leak . They are much easier to screw down tight then the regular playtex sippy cups . This is key to prevent the kids from opening the cup and spilling . They are also easier to open - key when you are trying to unscrew the lid that you put on really tight after the kids greasy hands were all over it .
 My 22-month old toddler boy is a rambunctious little guy ! But he was still clinging onto his soft spouted sippy cups and bottles . Every time we went to the store , I let him pick out a new cup in the hopes of getting him onto more ` big boy ' cups . He picked out one of these car insulator cups at a store and to my surprise , he drank from it . And happily . So I bought another , this time with dinosaurs . And again , he loved it . So I bought some more from Amazon , and we are off of the soft Nuby sippy cups altogether now . We had tried every brand , every type of sippy cup , but these are -LRB- so far -RRB- his only acceptable alternative . I am pleased -- they wash up well and the insulation does keep drinks cool . Only negative comment is that the insulation portion takes up considerable room , so the liquid inside is less than it appears .
 The cups work great . Add a few cubes of ice and they stay cool for quite a while , even when left in a hot car . My son sometimes asks me to remove the valve so he can drink faster , even without the valve , they spill very little if accidentally tipped . All in all these are great cups .
 As soon as my daughter came off the bottle she took to these cups more than any other , so we 've used them always . When Playtex says `` break proof '' they were n't kidding . During the winter snowstorm that happened in October , at 10 at night we had to evacuate and sometime between our front door and the car door we lost a cup in the snow . 5 days later when the snow had melted we found the cup , and it had been run over by the plow truck . Other than a skid mark/scrape on the outside the cup was intact and 100 % functional ! She still uses it to this day ! I will ALWAYS buy these .
 So , I was looking for good reviews on sippy cups and came across these Cars Insulator sippy cups and they are great . I love them , they do not leak . My son likes to play around with sippy cups when he 's drinking from them and these are great for toddlers . Shipping was fast , price was a little high but so worth it . I would reccommend for parents .
 it does n't leak at all i used these cups to get him off bottle and my boy love taking it every were with because is lightning mcqueen
 I have tried every sippy cup there is i swear and this is the only one ive found that absolutely DOES NOT LEAK AT ALL , ive never had a drop come out of the lid of this cup , if youre reading these reviews then im assuming youre praying youll find one that doesnt leak everywhere , THIS IS THE ONE , I PROMISE !!!!
 My son moved up to these cups from the smaller cups with the rubber spout . He loves it and loves the cars charaters on it . It 's a good sized up for my 19 month old and it fits in all cup holders . He 's thrown it a bunch of times and no damage . The spout has an insert to use for smaller kids to make it spill free . It 's top rack dishwasher safe and I 've had no leaks from the lids with a lot of use .
 I have two rough and tough toddler boys . My older guy is three . It took three long years to find a good sippy cup . And this is the best one hands down . i ordered three sets and will order more .
 These are great for my two year old son . He has thrown them around the house so many times I have lost count . They also keep his juice with ice cold for at least an hour if not more . Great for a hot day at the park . I highly recommend .
 These are the sturdiest sippy cups my son has had so far . They work well and more importantly , wash well ! The design is inside the plastic so it does n't chip or fade . And of course most little boys LOVE Cars ! Great value .
 No leak @ all ! At first my son did not know how to sip it cuz if you only sip the tip , liquid is hard to flow but if you suck the whole tip then it 's flowing great ... i tried it that 's how I know cuz @ first my son is complaining he could n't get anything but as soon as he learned how it works . . it 's perfect !
 I bought these to upgrade the Playtex cups we have been using for 1 + years now . These cups never leak and as many times as they have been dropped , have never broken !
 my two year old son has special needs . he is rough on cups . he chews on them and throws them down roughly.we love this cup . easy to clean . and the lids are interchangeable with the toy story ones too . i ordered both sets and they are nice.it is vibrant and so pretty . it does n't leak and it shaped well for toddler grasping .
 My Son loves the cars and it does great job of making sure the contents do n't spill . I highly recommend it .
 These cups are leak proof as long as you close them properly . I use them everyday and I think I had them for over a year now . They look like new . They wash well -LRB- I was by hand -RRB- . I use a q-tip to wash inside the little plastic stopper and inside the spout .
 THIS GOES ALONG GREAT WITH THE JUNGLE/SAFARI THEME IN NURSERY . IT FIT THE CHANGING PAD WITH EASE AND HAD WHOLES IN THE SIDES TO PULL THE STRAPS THROUGH . I LOVE IT .
 Despite the warnings about the safety of walkers , if you live in a one story home with lots of hardwood floors , treat your baby to this great walker . My six-month old baby squeals when we put her in the Jeep walker . She holds the steering wheel tight and honks the horn like crazy -LRB- just like mommy -RRB- . She has already learned how to manuever the Jeep and runs to me across the room when I call her over . Her legs are getting so strong , and her coordination is improving every day . It 's a fun little treat for her , and a delight for us to watch . Highly recommended .
 I bought this walker for my 6 month old that is now 8 months and it 's been a life saver . He is a big baby so this walker is perfect . He has n't pulled any of the gadgets off ... yet . My husband said the assembly was easy but took a few minutes . Raising the Jeep to the different levels is easy but also took a few minutes . The only draw backs for us is it is a BIG jeep and it takes up a lot of room in my small kitchen -LRB- does n't roll on the rug -RRB- and I call it `` The Toe Crusher '' . Watch out when your little one -LRB- or not so little one -RRB- gets good at this . The space between the floor and the bottom of it is just perfect for toe and foot crushing . The pain is evil but I got used to dodging it . To see the happiness on my son 's face is priceless ! He lights up with excitement when he 's walking like a big boy !!! Mommy , Daddy , and baby love it !!!
 My mom bought this for my son and he loves it he is constantly pulling on the windsheild and it has n't come off and neither has the steering wheel we have had it since december and it still looks brandnew the seat is easy to take on/off to wash . The only problem i have had with it is my son is teething so he is drooling a lot and the buttons some times dont work but once they dry out there perfectly fine again lol
 We just got this last weekend , and my son loves it . He has n't figured out how to tear around in it yet , but he 's getting there . He chuckles and laughs when he takes a half step foreward and then another back . It was very easy for me to assemble by myself . I also like being able to set his sippy cup in it . It 's a riot watching him try to figure out how to drink from the sippy cup on the jeep . He has n't figured out that he needs to pick it up from the cup holder yet so I have to help him . He likes to honk the horn and look around in the jeep . It 's also a nice change from his entertainer saucer .
 We know that these walkers are not safe because children can fall down the basement steps in them and their physical development can be stunted , but if you keep it in a secure location -LRB- like everything else a baby needs -RRB- and you only use it in moderation -LRB- like everything else a baby uses -RRB- , it is fun . After a few months in her stationary saucer , she loved the freedom to follow me around . She has the Jeep stroller too so the steering wheel and car noise buttons are also a hit !
 My four month old son loves his new walker . I think my 21/2 year old loves even more . It 's a great product the problem I have is it is time consuming to have to take it apart to take it to grandma , babysitters , ect . It do n't fit in the trunk so I have to completly take it apart . Then put it back together everytime i take it with me . I just wish it could calapse or fold quick and easy . But I would still recomend it my son loves it .
 MY SON LOVES LOVES LOVES THIS WALKER , , , WE GOT THIS WALKER SINCE IT WAS SO CUTE AND TO GIVE ME MORE TIME TO DO THINGS WITHOUT HIM ON MY HIP , HE TOOLS AROUND QUICK HE IS IN THE 90 PERCENTILE AND MANUEVERS GREAT , WE KNEW WALKERS WOULD N'T WORK ON RUGS SO WE REMOVED THEM BEFORE HE WAS BORN IN PLAY ROOM ONLY , , , , WE HAVE HARD WOOD FLOORS AND IT WORKS FINE , HE LOVES THE STEERING WELL , WE EVEN TAKE IT OUTSIDE , BUT BECAREFUL ON HILLS IS MY ONLY COMPLAINT , THEY FLY AWAY ON YA , , , , , , , , , , BUY IT
 I have three children and one on the way , I have tried 3 different walkers by 3 different companies and it is always the same . They do n't move on carpet well . But when I got this one as a baby gift -LRB- 2 actually -RRB- I gave it a chance and my niece took it out for a `` test drive '' This one has worked well if not better than the others Ive tried . Not to mention cheaper than the ones Ive bought in the past . Any of the minor flaws can be fixed . My niece loves the sounds it makes and cried when we took her out of it !
 Parents beware ! Your child will be moving around as fast as you!Great 1st car ! The baby loves it ! It is the safest place to put this little guy and he goes from room to room !
 We have been jeep owners for 5 years or so . So of course when the baby came along we had to get him one of his own . I was n't even going to get a walker but my husband insisted !! I have to say I am very glad we got one . It keeps him very intertained !!! I can cook dinner or fold laundry and he is perfectly happy rolling around in his Jeep walker.And truely what is better than when you baby looks up at you all smiles and drool and is happy ? Nothing is better than that !! The only bad thing is that is does n't move on our carpet !! It just does n't sit up high enough , but that does n't seem to matter to the baby . He still loves it !! And it does work wonderful on our hardwood floors !!
 I got this jeep for my son when he was 4 months old about 5 months old he was able to fit in it . It was very easy to put together . It grows to 3 different levels and has juice holder , snack holder and the steering wheel with 3 different noises a horn , car starting and music , which are not to loud . My son really gets around good in it.I also talked to my son 's doctor and she said to have him in it as much as he would take.We even bought a second one to have at Grandma 's house.I know my son gives it 5 stars too !
 I absolutely reccommend the Jeep Liberty Renegade Walker !! I have a 3 month old son and let me tell you , he absolutely loves it !! He presses all the buttons and turns the wheel . Sometimes he even takes a step backward in it . I know that some people think that walkers are n't safe because of stairs ; but when you have a child that young the stairs should be off limits anyway . If you 're thinking about buying this item please do , your child will love it . You will too when you see his/her happy face .
 my mother in law bought this for my son around the time he turned 3 months old.he was able to sit with some assistance and hold his head up at that point and was starting to like sitting up to see more.we assembled this quickly and put him right in there . . at first he was not amused but as a week or so went by he became alot more interested.the sounds the steering wheel makes are adorable and it looks rugged and manly -LRB- well as much as a childrens toy can -RRB- like daddys jeep . he liked to press the buttons and click the steering wheel around . . only one problem . . he was too short to reach the floor and it wouldnt go down any further . the shortest height adjustment is for around 5 months -LRB- my guess -RRB- and it looks like on its highest our 3 year old could ride in it . . but if you have a little boy and are looking for some entertainment for him this would be a good choice . . it keep bryce entertained for about an hour or so at a time and its been 2 months now and hes still not over the sounds . . good toy !
 My husband and I fell in love with this walker from the moment we found out we were having a boy . It is really cute , easy to clean and small enough to take along . The only down fall is that the only toys on it are three buttons on the steering wheel that make noise when pressed . My son loves pressing the buttons and turning the wheel but with nothing else on there his attention is very short lived . It is great if after a few minutes you give him other toys as well to play with while he is in the jeep .
 We bought when our son was 5 months -LRB- he really did n't need it , but I thought it was too cute -RRB- . He 's learned to walk pretty good now at 6 months and really enjoys it . The steering wheel has three buttons - one plays music , one 's the horn , the other the ignition . Nathan grabs the wheel and turns it like he 's driving -LRB- it makes a clicking noise when turned -RRB- . The seat is easy to take out for washing and the plastic on the bottom is such that if it hits the wall or furniture it does n't leave marks.One warning - we took to Grammy 's and it does n't walk on carpet . It might work on recreation carpet such as Berber , but is obviously fine on hardwoods .
 I bought this walker for my son that just turned 6 months old . I got it delivered to my home could not find it any where but online . The delivery charge was not all that bad considering that you could not find it at any store . It was pretty easy to put together . He just loves the stearing wheel . It makes a clicking noise . I have hard wood floors and it rolls really well . And you can take the seat cover off and throw it in the washer . I really like this walker because it is like no other walker . It 's a jeep . Look no further .
 My Son loved this walker . Well Built very solid also Jeep Walker has a coolness factor too . good luck it is a great walker .
 This walker not only saved my husband and I quite a big deal of time , to get things done around the house , but our child really loved being in it , even before she could push it . Eventually she could push it and push it so well that she would even do 3 point turns , with the backing up and all . She wound up walking without it at 9 months , which is extremely early . I had nothing but good experiences with this walker . I recommend it to everyone . Shop around for it , you will find one and it will be worth it!Jen
 My son LOVED this Jeep so much that we ended up buying a pink on when his sister came along a year later . The only problem I see with it is that it is hard for them to do on the concrete in our driveway . He had a much easier time inside on the carpet and hardwood . Also , the little dust stuff that is on concrete damaged the wheels quite a bit , but he literally scooted the wheels right off the Jeep . We bought it in pink for our little girl because his was worn out , we saved it to show him when he gets older .
 When I took my than 6 month old twin sons to BRU to test drive the exersaucers they werent impressed . I was so shocked , I had thought that EVERY baby LOVED exersaucers ... We did purcahse thim doorway jumpers , but I was still so surprized about thier strong hatred towards exersaucers ! I tried to tell my best friend -LRB- had an 8 month old daughter -RRB- that they HATED them , and I figured walkers were the same so I placed one of them in her Daughters jeep walker and he LOVED it . I was so surprized and I kept telling her , `` but they hated them ... I cant ... '' but she said her daughter did too ! When I got home I imediatly went to the internet to find that walker!We have had it for about 4 months -LRB- they are 11 months old now and STILL using it -RRB- and its the best thing I have ever bought my kids -LRB- I have an 24 month old daughter too -RRB- . I even just ordered a second ! Its just soo nice and so , not overstimulating ! The exersaucers have SO many toys that they just must have been intimedated . This gives them free range of our kitchen , but we couldnt use it in our den -LRB- large area rug -RRB- until we removed the rubber grippers ... now they glide all over the place ! My daughter can also `` push '' them with the bar in the back , and when they get older it can turn into a walk-behind ! Its adorable looking AND fun ! Theres a cup holder -LRB- not on ANY exersacuer -RRB- which is great to keep a sippy or a bottle in . Theres also a snack cup for cheerios and such . I like the steering wheel , just like a car ! It makes noise , lights up but its only ONE toy ... much better for them ! If we want we can also place other toys there , but they are just as happy to sit in it with just the steering wheel . The seat is nice and comfortable , and easy to `` spot clean '' . I found that this toy was SUPER easy to assemble , almost NO assembly reqiured . Also very easy to adjust the hieght settings . They love their doorway jumper too , but its great to switch!I only keep them in either of them for 30 minutes tops , and it makes them sleep better at night ! I dont think that walkers are dangerous at all , its the PARENTS that are dangerous ! People dont want to buy them , they are `` hiring '' them as babysitters ! You cant just leave baby in them and than go outside ! You atleast have to be in the same room and be able to look back , and hear them ! I can still get cleaning done , its just I dont plan on it to babysit him . If you have a baby your home is most-likely child-proof anyway , so there shouldnt be any problems with babies falling downstairs!I love this walker , my sons loves it , and even my daughter loves it ! Its a great toy and perfect for those exersaucer haters !
 My son is 8 months old , and he still ca n't get this walker to move on our tile floors . He gets stuck in the grout and it is very frustrating for him . Also , the plastic `` windshield '' bar keeps falling off . We finally just threw it away . We 've moved the Jeep from our kitchen to our outdoor brick patio . He ca n't `` drive '' it there either , but it keeps him entertained and upright while we eat !
 We receievd this walker as a gift for our 6 month old son . He loves it , the second he gets in it he gets so excited . He has n't learen to go forward yet but is able to move backwards from room to room . It is durable , very cute and easy to assemble , BIG PLUS . We couldnt be happier with this walker .
 I just bought this for my son , who is just turning 4months old.He sits up pretty well now , and LOVES to be held in a standing position , so I thought I would try this . The seat is made well , so that it holds him in a sitting position very well . He holds the front of the seat with his hands while I push him around and he just loves it ; laughs out loud the whole time . He has loved it from the first time I put him in it . The other plus -LRB- per my husband -RRB- the front weels have a rubbery surface so it wo n't scratch wood flooring and we both think it is the cutest design . The only negative thing to say was that even on the lowest setting he still ca n't quite touch the ground and his is 24 '' tall . I imagine in month or two he will be touching the ground though.Best of luck , California Jeep Lover
 Our son already had one of the exersaucers and he really enjoys it . But for Christmas , he got one of these Jeep Walkers . He was 6 months old and we did n't know if a -RRB- he really needed another thing like the exersaucer or b -RRB- if he would be able to walk in it . But , we put it together -LRB- assembled very easily -RRB- and we put our son in it and he absolutely loved it . It may not be as `` entertaining '' as some of the exersaucers out there , but the idea that he was mobile really excited him . And he seems to be more interested in following me than toys . In no time he was pushing off and actually moving . When he does move it , he just laughs ... big fun!The base is wide so as to not tip over and it has pads on the bottom to keep from scuffing some floors . We have some hardwood , so that is nice . But it easily goes from the linoleum to hardwood to carpet -LRB- our carpet is short -RRB- . It has a steering wheel that plays music , honks a horn , and has a sound like an engine starting . It has a low windshield , roll bar on the back with an antenna -LRB- teether -RRB- . It also has a little tray and a cup holder . Cute ! We did take a few of the toy links and tied on his favorite rattle so he would n't lose them when he 's `` cruising '' . Our son still uses the exersaucer , but he seems to feel a sense of confidence when he 's able to move about . He 's not crawling or walking yet , so this walker is a big deal to him . Just the look on his face is fun!It adjusts to different heights depending on your child and how they grow . We like the colors and think it is a really neat walker . As with any type of walker , exersaucer or jumper , you will want to make sure your baby has good head control before they use these things . And , also take precautions in watching them so they do n't get themselves into trouble -LRB- stairs , hot stoves , etc -RRB- ... it 's a whole new world once baby becomes mobile .
 We purchased this walker when maya was just 7 months old and she liked it , but now she loves it ! She is 10 months old and chases us in it into the kitchen and living room in it . It 's helping her in her first stages of walking ... and the cup holders make for great Cheerio bins while she 's watching a Baby Einstein video with me ... great walker - and cute noises .
 I was not going to buy a walker , but my daughter -LRB- 8 mo -RRB- was getting bored with her ultrasaucer , so we bought this one . My only complaint is that it does not work well on carpet , but it is great on the hardwood floors . It is very sturdy , and has n't scuffed the floors at all .
 My son is 4 1/2 months and he loves this walker . His little feet still ca n't quite touch the floor at the lowest setting , but he sits upright in it and looks around and has the most fantastic time . For those with husbands or boyfriends who do n't particularly have an interest in walkers , take him shopping for one and watch his reaction to this walker !
 My mom bought this for my son who is 5 months old and he absolutely loves it !! He holds on to the steering wheel and pushes the buttons that make the sound of a car starting , honking , music . This is the greatest walker , he can sit in for a long time -LRB- 1 hr or more -RRB- and just laugh so loud .
 I love my walker and so does my daughter but if she ever sneezes or falls off balance she hits her head really hard on the steering wheel . We have just resorted to just putting a blanket around it she loves to `` drive '' .
 This little walker is so cute . My husband and I bought this walker for our son that just turned 5 months old . He cant stand flat footed just yet but he loves to sit in it and watch his baby einstein movies . We have the hard wood floors and the Jeep rolls really good . The only problem that I have had is that he sometimes bumps his head on the steering wheel , but that is just him . I ordered this online could not find this in any of the stores where I live . Fast and easy ordering I got this less than a week . Just so happened that I found another one just the other day at a resale shop and bought it for my mothers house . I do suggest for anyone to purchase this . Thank you AMAZON
 My husband and I are Jeep enthusiest so we choose this walker . We still have n't used it , our son is 5weeks old , but hope he loves it as much as us .
 I bought this one for my granddaughter she loves them , and they all come with names .
 I do n't know why everyone was worried about putting it together . It was really easy . My daughter loves this mobile , it buys me a few mintues of extra sleep in the morning . We first saw this mobile while my daugther was in the hospital , so we kinda got to test it before we bought it . She loved it when she was nine weeks old & she loves it now at 5 months old .
 My son loved this so much in the hospital that i ordered him one for home . In fact all the kids in the hospital loved this mobile , they said it was the most popular mobile .
 I have never wirtten a review before bit I could not resist writing one for this mobile . It is the BEST thing we have for our son ! When I wake for those middle of the night feedings he watches the birdies as he eats and when I lay him down to sleep the birdies stop his fussing and lull him to sleep . The baby music . . which I usually find so annoying ... is so soothing and sweet . BUY IT !
 I got this mobile when my daughter was 3 months old because I had not bought one when she was born . She needed some entertainment in her crib . It looked like she was bored . The mobile came in and she was mesmorized . I am so glad I bought this for her . It has really become a life saver .
 My baby LOVES this mobile . The first month she enjoyed the beautiful music , and now she loves the movement of the birds . The music this mobile plays is so beautiful that I will put it on while I 'm we are just hanging out in her room for her to enjoy . The mobile also keeps her happy in her crib when I have to do something around the house .
 My daughter has and uses this mobile . She loves it without question . When my niece was born I thought she would also benefit from this mobile . Alas I could n't find it at any retail stores . I found it on Amazon from BabyAge . The seller was efficient and the product was received in a very timely manner .
 You ca n't purchase a GREAT mobile for this price !!! My daughter -LRB- and I of course -RRB- absolutely love it . She can stay hours looking at him and laughing.I do n't know why the bad reviews , Thanks God I did n't read them before I buying it.Absolutely recommend it .
 This is a great product ... It is a little top heavy when set as a stand alone on the floor , but it can be lifted so it is out of reach of the little one . We never had any problems with it and my niece loved this when she was little . Now has a little brother who would equally enjoy this ... however ... we no longer have this as it has been 6 years since she was born . Does ANYONE have one of these mobiles they would be willing to sell ?? We can not find one ANYWHERE !! Please help ! Email at redsox_gal@hotmail.com!
 My daughter is 4 months old and loves this mobile and so do I. Not only is it cute but it can hold her attention for 15 minutes while I get myself together before I pick her up .
 This mobile has been wonderful , we purchased this mobile two months ago for our second daughter . We 've had several mobiles which have broken or that I was n't that happy with . After re-decorating my daughter 's room I went in search of a new mobile and found this one -LRB- it was n't even in the mobile section of the store -RRB- , I liked that it had a remote and that the box indicated it played a variety of soothing music and nature sounds . Wow have we been pleased . So many of the mobiles are just too cutesy for me and all of them seem to play the same boring music . This mobile seems very durable -LRB- we 've only had it two months -RRB- and the music is very calming . It rotates through about 5 different songs and incorporates birds chirping and other nature sounds while the mother bird , babies and butterflies spin around . I like that the birds change direction since that adds interest for the baby while they are falling asleep . We have n't needed to use the remote that often but it is a nice feature . I am very happy with the purchase and feel it was a good value for the money .
 The problem with the birds not spinning at first is easily fixed . We too had the same issue , and included with our mobile was a little slip of paper that told us how to fix it . All you have to do is turn the birdies until you hear a `` click '' ... it took all of 30 seconds and it worked great ! We too have a lifetime crib -LRB- it 's a sleigh crib -RRB- and we were able to attach the mobile to the side . Not my first choice , but that 's how it 's going to be with any mobile for our crib.We love this mobile ! The light is very dim and the music is soft and cute!Just remember ... most problems are easily fixed !
 I saw this mobile and had to buy it . I was thrilled that it had a remote -- my son would almost be asleep when the aquarium stopped and then his eyes would pop open when my hand reached out to turn it on again ! The birds are so cute , the light is dim and soothing and the music is really nice . My son loves it -- he always watches his birds when I put him in his crib . We also took this mobile to the hospital when my son had heart surgery . They let us put it on the crib in intensive care and he would just lay there and watch the birds . I recommend it to everyone ! The only problem I had was getting one of the birds to snap in so it would turn . Small problems that are easily fixed !
 I got this as a shower gift , it went together very easily and quickly ... I didnt have any trouble with the birds not flying or the motor being too loud . The only problem was we were missing a screw but I cant say for sure if we just lost it or didnt recieve it , luckily we had some laying around . The remote is nice and it almost puts me to sleep watching it ! It 's adorble!I also didnt find any trouble when I temporarily set it up as a desk top mobile ... I read it was top heavy but again , i found this not to be a problem .
 I bought this mobile b/c the bedding I bought did n't have one . I love it and so does my son . The music is soothing and adding the birds puts him right to sleep . I have never had to use the remote he is usually asleep by the second or third song but thought this was a great feature . The rotating birds are nice also he will lay in his crib and watch them while I fold and put away his clothes .
 This is the best mobile we have had by far ! My older kids are even entranced by it . Soothing sounds , adorable scenery and classic lullabies . We have a convertible crib and all we had to do was move it down a bit and it fit . There is also the option to use it on a dresser or nightstand . It is heavy so if you have a `` lighter '' crib it may not be for you . I would reccomend this to everyone .
 This mobile is the best mobile I have ever owned , and after three kids I have owned quite a few . The little birds are adorable and keep my baby entertained so I can shower , or do housework while she is happily cooing at the little birds . She has yet to get tired of this and we 've had it for three months now . Trust me , this is definately worth your money , you will not regret buying this great mobile !
 This is such a great mobile ! I love the music it plays , its so calming and relaxing to listen to while I feed the baby . And she loves to watch the birds `` fly '' around . Although we have n't had to use the remote , it is such a great idea and I love that I have the option of using it if I need it ! I only wish the mobile had a way of plugging into the wall-I 've gone through 2 or 3 sets of batteries and my baby is only 3 months old !
 This is such a beautiful mobile . Yes , it was a little tricky putting it together , but just read the directions first before doing anything and you will be fine ! My newborn daughter loves looking at this and it has been so entertaining to her that when she wakes up we can turn this on and she will lay there even longer !
 This is my second child , so I am no amateur at this , and I must say , this was the best purchase I made . My baby is 12 months old now and we still use it every night , since it can be removed from the crib and stand alone on the dresser . Quality is very good as well ... very soothing tunes .
 This mobile really helped get our baby to sleep in the first few months AND the music was pleasant enough not to drive my husband and I crazy . If she fussed when we put her down , the mobile soothed her and she was out in no time . Also , the remote was very handy - although if we had n't used the mobile in a day or so , the remote would n't work to activate it . We would have to turn it on at its base before the remote would work again . Very wierd - but it really was n't a problem for us . Overall , I would suggest this mobile to anyone . It 's very cute and it was a great aid to us .
 We love this mobile !! My daughter is now 13 months old and still loves it . We use it for naps , bedtime , and whenever she just needs a rest . No tears when we put her down at all . She has learned that when the mobile stops -LRB- if she 's still awake -RRB- it 's time to go to sleep . The remote is also very handy for turning it on/off without baby seeing you . Ok , it does take 4-D batteries but they last quite a long time . I am greatful to have this mobile and would recomend it to everyone . -LRB- Oh , when our power goes out it 's a great night light/thank god for batteries -RRB-
 After looking at every mobile in Babies R US I purchased two of these for my twin girls . I love this mobile and think it 's the cutest one I have ever seen ! My one daughter smiles every time she sees the mommy bluebird and it always calms her right down . The sunburst acts as a nightlight which is a nice feature when they are trying to go to sleep at night . The music is very soothing and pretty to hear . The other good thing is that this mobile can both soothe and entertain . I did n't want something too stimulating for when they were trying to go to sleep but it seems to help transition them into nighttime as well as entertain one baby -LRB- in the am -RRB- while I work with the other baby . It is tedious to put together . One of them I put together fine . The first one though , I did n't snap the birds in exactly at the right angle causing the birds to not work . My husband did manage to disassemble almost the entire thing and put it back together in working order . I would reccommend this mobile , however be aware that when snapping the bird piece on , you must snap it on exactly straight into the top or it wo n't work and you can not pull it back off . You only get one chance to do it right . Once that 's over though it is absolutely adorable !
 I bought this mobile for my second son , I absolutely love it it 's very entertaining even my 17 month old son likes it too . I had no problem putting it together and it works perfectly . I am really happy with it
 MI BEBE ESTA FELIZ CON ESTE MOVIL , SU LUZ ES TENUE Y AL PASAR LAS FIGURITAS LA BEBE SE QUEDA MUY ATENTA Y SE TRANQUILIZA , LO RECOMIENDO ES LA MEJOR SELECCION ! ... AL PASO DEL TIEMPO ME HE DADO CUENTA DE QUE ES UN DEVORADOR DE BATERIAS Y CASI NO LO USAMOS CREO QUE SERIA BUENO QUE SE PUDIERA CONECTAR A LA PARED
 When I first got this for my newborn son , I was n't sure eh would take to it . The first one -LRB- a different model -RRB- had to be wound up and ran out in less than a minute . This one has a convenient remote and runs much longer . Not only that , but the birds fly around and the music plays . My son loves it and now wants it on whenever he 's in the crib . The only down side is the mount . It does n't seem very strong and does n't fit very well on the crib frame , but I put a small piece of wood beteen the clamp it holds fine . Trust me , this mobile is awesome . It 's great if my wife or I need 5-15 minutes to get some chores done .
 Got this for my great-grandbaby who is not yet here but Mom and Dad fell in love with it -- it actually can go with so many of the themes that they could decorate the room with . As always , great quality by Fisher Price for a great price .
 I actually had the Tiny Love mobile with the animals that is so popular first , but I took it to my baby boy 's daycare for his crib there and wanted another mobile for his crib at home . I got this mobile because he has the bouncer and loves the little bird on it . Sure , he likes the Tiny Love mobile , but he is * gaga * over this thing ! He is so mesmorized by this mobile that I actually worry that he 'll get too excited ! I read other reviews about how hard it was to put together . I lucked out as I got it used and it was already assembled so I ca n't talk to that . I can say I 've been using it for two months and it 's still going strong . -LRB- And , baby is still loving it ! -RRB- Worst thing about it
 This mobile is absolutely adorable . Like one of the other reviewer 's it does n't work on our crib because we have a `` lifetime '' crib so I was disappointed but we were able to pass it on to my mom and my baby absolutely loves talking to her birdies ! She 'll play in her crib for a long time when the birdies are tweeting and spinning up above . We too had the problem of the birds not moving but it turned out to just be that they were n't screwed in tight enough . My mom called Fisher Price and the guy told her how to fix the problem which took all of 30 seconds . I just wish Fisher Price would take `` lifetime '' cribs into consideration when they make their crib toys . The Aquarium would n't fit either .
 I had read the reviews and was a bit worried about the set up but I had no problems with it at all . After the first trial , it worked perfectly . My DD has loved it from the day she learned to look at things . She is now 6mths old and still loves the mobile , it was well worth the money we spent .
 My sons ' LOVED this `` toy . '' It can hold their attention for nearly half an hour . It is so cute , and the songs are lovely . The remote is very useful . It is NOT hard to assemble ... trust me , I am no wiz , and it was a piece of cake . Out of all of the things we were given or bought for our two kiddos , this item is by far my favorite . Get this mobile !! You 'll love it , and your little one will too !
 My whole family LOVES this mobile !!! Our son is absolutely fascinated and calmed by it . I swear we have to ` go look at his birds ' every day . He just giggles and can not take his eyes off of it . Plus , with the remote , I can activate it again and he does n't even see me to know I am close . It has two volumes which is nice and you can decide if you want the music to play or not . I can not say enough about this mobile !!!
 I bought this for my grandson . I set up a small nursery in my spare room when I knew I would be watching him when mom when back to work . I knew he liked his mobile at home and found this one reasonably priced . I didnt have any trouble putting it together and he LOVES watching the birdies . I would definitely recommend this to anyone .
 I purchased this for my newborn grandson after the mobile my daughter bought broke . The baby loved it ! It put him so sleep everytime . I bought one for the baby bed I set up for when they visited also . I recommend this over the wind up kind .
 I bought a mahogany box the same as this 4 years ago for my first son and it was very useful to keep cards and other items from my son 's first year so I got this white one for my second son . It has been as useful and the foam for the hand print is great . You get enough to make a foot and hand print -LRB- then choose one for the front display and keep the other inside the top lift out tray -RRB- and it so easy to do - no mess .
 Wish it was scratch resistant and that the glass was thicker but it arrived as shown ;-RRB- Definitely deep enough to fit quite a few special baby items . We added an engraved plaque to ours .
 I received this just before my son was born . I really enjoy it . I have a photo of me holding him as a newborn on one side and his hand and foot print on the other side -LRB- will fit both with a newborn -RRB- . It has been the perfect spot to store keepsakes ... his first newborn hat , his coming home outfit , the candle from his baptism , etc. . My only complaint was that I found the mold a little tricky to work with at first . Definitely need two people - one to hold the baby and one to hold the mold .
 There was no photo of the ivory striped blanket , but I figured for $ 5 it would be nice enough . It is gorgeous , luxe , and the color is really beige not ivory . Very pleasantly surprised !
 There was no photo of the ivory striped blanket , but I figured for $ 5 it would be nice enough . It is gorgeous , luxe , and the color is really beige not ivory . Very pleasantly surprised !
 These coordinate with the bedding perfectly . The mother to be already had a set and had these made into pillows .
 The wall hangings matched the changing pad cover which added to the changing area design but I thought they were a little pricey .
 These wall hangings go great with the crib set that matches it , and make it really easy to add decorative touches to the room . We hung them three in a row tied in bows and hanging on a small nail .
 These match great . They add to the room . Cute with the stuffed animal holder .
 This is so cute and will look perfect on our baby girl 's wall once the nursery is finished -LRB- only 9 more weeks ! -RRB-
 Very cute hanging on the wall ! Looks great with the rest of the set . I recommend the entire set .
 I have n't had a chance to hang these up yet , but I 'll assume they 'll look just as cute as the picture . All coordinates to the bedding seemed reasonably priced . So I bought everything that matched . Before getting on Amazon , I could n't find any nursery stuff with dragonflies on it .
 I love these wall hangings . It adds a little extra to help bring the room together .
 I bought this chair -LRB- with a different cover -RRB- for my daughter who is now 4 1/2 . We happily used it for several years.Pros : Six height positions make a big difference . The lowest one is near the floor and she could climb in by herself at 12 months - great for the do-it-myself phase , and for communicating `` I 'm hungry '' . We even used it occasionally as an easy chair in the living room.It folds up very easily and quickly , and can be rolled on its casters in either the folded or open position.I never thought I 'd use the recline feature , but it 's great for a little baby - again , not as a feeding chair since a baby that young does n't need solids , but just as a way to sit with the family at the table.The tray is large , unlatches with one hand , and stays level while the seat reclines.The cover that I have is reversible and machine washable - no guarantees about the leatherette one shown here.Cons : It 's large enough for my 4 1/2 year old to sit in comfortably . See my customer photo above . I put pieces of 2-inch foam from the craft store under the cover to make it small enough for a baby , which did work well.The tray storage knobs on the back of the chair do not hold it very securely . We gave up using them . Half of the time the tray would crash to the floor after we thought it was hooked on.We later got a booster seat with a swing-away tray , and that was a nice feature this chair did not have ; with this chair , when you take off the tray , you always need someplace to put it down while you clean up the child.Overall I 'm quite happy with this chair and would buy it again .
 Oh how i wish i could change the number of stars !!! After 32 months of using these diapers , we have come to the conclusion that only size 4 work . My oldest baby just outgrew them and we stepped up to size 5 only to have the same problems that we did with size 1 , 2 , and 3 . THEY LEAK !!! there is NO ELASTIC to speak of and the quality is just not there . I am on a first name basis with some of the people at 7th gen now and it 's too bad because they seem like nice , well-meaning people but after you change the sheets , their clothes , your clothes , playmats , swings , carseats , bjorn , etc. . . 5 times a night -- and if the little baby is in a onsie , well then a bath is usually needed.the absolute worse part is the traumatized child who has to go through the wetness , the clean up , and the tears . and then there 's the other child who is waiting in the wings for all the drama to be over . `` breach in the britches '' is the term we 've coined to help them understand what 's going on so they are n't so upset.i LOVE the natural paper bag color and lack of fragrance . if they could get together with P&G ; and make a pampers cruiser with these elements , call them `` DUETS '' , they would be the ultimate diaper in history . until then , i will suffer through headaches from the bleach-whitened , fake perfume stink of pampers just so my children can sleep through a night or go out in public without catastrophic occurances.I 've emailed both companies and P&G ; claims they are trying to mask the odor of urine on paper . but when urine hits the pampers , it just intensifies the nasty perfume smell . the only good thing about it is you know when they go .7 th gen just does n't care I guess . they say they 've change manufactures but it just make sense that a diaper would have elastic in it ? they say it 's `` user error . '' ok . we 're done . and after finding black mold in the wipes , `` sometimes our formula is off , '' and having them not separate from one another , i could be finished with these as well.love their dishwashing liquid and laundry detergent but never again will i ever buy one of their diapers . And can you imagine how mortified a child would be in their training pants . It would train them very quickly if for no other reason than to avoid the humiliation . not a very loving approach .
 I originally bought these diapers because I thought they may be a bit less toxic for my child and the environment . I continue to buy them because they are THE MOST ABSORBENT diapers I have found . He has soaked through Pampers Swaddlers , Huggies , Tushies -LRB- the worst -RRB- , and most of his cloth diapers -LRB- except his Fuzzi Bunz - those are great -RRB- . I ca n't recommend this diaper enough !
 I concur with the other reviews . My baby started in newborn size and six months later is now 14 + lbs and wearing size mediums . They work beautifully and she has n't has a diaper rash yet . I alternate between Amazon and drugstore.com to get the best price . Stock up when they 're on sale and get the wipes too !
 These diapers are really great ! I love it that there 's no sweet powdery fragrance that you get with other leading brands . I highly recommend these !
 We used both Tushies and Seventh Generation Diapers with our newborn son . Although we really liked the concept behind them , the Tushies brand leaked and the tapes stuck to our son 's skin . With the Seventh Generation brand , we really liked the hook and loop -LRB- `` velcro '' -RRB- tabs for ease of access and the soft natural cover feels nice . Also , they just seem to fit better . We 'll be using Seventh Generation diapers from here on when it comes to diapering our son !
 These diapers are in my opinion by far the best diapers you can find on the market ... ask me - I have tried them all since we received LOTS of diapers from all sorts of brands as gifts when we had our baby . Both my baby and my friend 's newborn got a pretty bad diaper rashes with the conventional diapers but this disappeared as soon as we started to use these.They are not only the most environmentally friendly diapers that you can find -LRB- along with Tushies I guess ? -RRB- but they also work excellent . The new , improved version fits wonderfully - it stays on better than other diapers , is soft and nice against the skin and does not leak !! I used a scented Pampers diaper at an outing and I must say that it disgusted me a bit to put this strongly perfumed , chemical-filled thing on my baby . No wonder kids have allergies !
 got them because my mother-in-law was using the same brand for their 2-year old . we saw a marked difference between the huggies that the hospital was using & the seventh generation ones we have at home . at the hospital , baby would cry every time he peed or pooped . now that he 's using seventh generation diapers , he 's not as fussy & can last longer in soiled diapers because they 're super absorbent .
 I tried these diapers just because I wanted to do something environmentally friendlier than just the normal disposable diapers . They turned out to be really great - they do n't leak like other brands I 've tried . And with free shipping on Amazon , you ca n't beat the price .
 My son is now 16 month old and I have been using 7th generation diapers since he was one month old . I absolutely love them ! My son has never had a diaper rash ... ever ! He also has an intact penis and has never had any infections of any sort . I also used the seventh generation wipes , as well as california baby diaper area wash -LRB- leaves baby so fresh and clean , i swear by it -RRB- . My only concern is that 7th generation recently `` improved '' their diapers . I love that they are now slimmer and have stretchy elastic tabs but they do not have the same absorbancy . I never had a problem with leaks before . So rare that I never carried a back up pair of clothes . But now I have had a wake up call . Since we started using the `` improved '' diapers he leaks when he sleeps through the night and I am thinking about using something different at night . I am trying now to find a store that still has some of the old design so I can use them at night . I really dont want to change but I will if I have to . I have written to the company but have not received a response . I would give the old design 5 stars but the new ones are lacking .
 We love these diapers . We find them plenty absorbent , the right size , and easy fasteners . We soemtimes prefer Tushies , only because they do not have gel , but these are our favorites of the alternative diapers .
 Quality as usual good . . very goodBest thing is cost - Lowest anywhere when you take advantage of 10 $ off of 49 $ Its alcohol free . .
 these wipes are great . i have three children and have used the pampers , huggies , and house-brand wipes . the huggies are too thick and it seems you need more of them to get the job done . house-brand do n't smell as good and tend to be a bit rough . the pampers are thin , soft , and moist enough to get the job done-because they are thin , they can be maneuvered around in all the important places and folded / refolded for 100 % useage -LRB- unlike the huggies that once they are folded they become too thick to maneuver -RRB- . definitely not too dry as other reviewers have said . if you want something moister , go get a paper towel and wet it with water .
 The tubing works perfect as you would expect from Medela . However , I received it from the seller in a zip-lock bag , literally . No factory seal , no mention of Medela name anywhere . This came with a flyer advising me that if I open and use the product , -LRB- it being single-user only -RRB- , it 's not refundable . However , there was no way for me to be sure that noone used it . And , it basically came already open .
 I ordered the KidKraft Toy Caddy for my home daycare . I have never been disappointed with KidKraft products , and this caddy met my expectations . The assembly is so easy -LRB- I did n't even refer to the instructions -RRB- and all the pre-drilled holes line up perfectly . The screw heads are painted to match.Kids love to fill up boxes and bags with their toys , then carry them around to play . This is a great size for doing just that ! I did not purchase mine for that reason , though . I plan to secure the caddy to a toy shelf , then place our seedling plants inside to reduce the chance that one of the 6 toddler/preschooler explorers in my home will spill them!I will most definitely purchase more of these caddies for other materials in my learning environment !
 I Bought this caddy as a gift . I used it to stuff baby items in it.I also used paint markers to decorate it . It came out adorable ! Love this caddy ! Great quality !
 I recently purchased this caddy for my three and a half year old son to store toys in . It took me less than then ten minutes to assemble it -LRB- you will need a philips-head screw driver -RRB- and was not at all complicated to put together.Once assembled by son began enjoying it immediately . It provides ample storage but is not unweildy . Like everything I have ever purchased by KidKraft it is very well made and I feel confident that it will last for a long time . I intend to buy one or two more for myself to store things in and perheps to do what the previous reviewer suggested
 Regular adult soaps were leaving my skin much too dry , so I decided to try out baby soap . I bought a bar of this and loved it ! It 's very gentle on my skin and it has a wonderful fragrance ! I pair this with Johnson 's Baby Cream and I 'm super soft and baby fresh all day long !!
 I am expecting my first baby this fall . I bought this product 3 years ago for myself . I have very sensitve lips . Most lip balms give me a rash . Especially anything with SPF . I tried this product as a lip balm . I love it . It is long lasting and it hydrates so well . I have my husband hooked on it . My face sometimes peels and I just apply a little balm . One stick lasts so long . I bought 8 sticks 3 years ago and I still have 2 sticks left . -LRB- Of Course my husband and friends have relieved me of a few sticks too . -RRB- I plan to use soothign naturals for my baby .
 My girls skin would become extremely dry after every bath when they were newborns . This was so easy to apply to their faces because it is like a stick of deodorant , you do n't have to worry about something dripping into their eyes . It flows over babys skin so easily , you do n't have to press hard , it can cover an area quickly yet it is small enough to get small places . For their tiny ears I would rub my finger & thumb on the stick & then rub it onto their ears.I took this when we were getting their pictures taken and put it on their face , feet & hands since they were extremely dry . This did n't look oily or wet . Their skin was so dry that this did n't make it look 100 % not flakey but it helped a LOT.Now that my girls are 11 months old they have been teething & drooling a lot . One of my girls has a rash under her chin so after I dry her chin completely , I generously apply this and it makes a big difference . She also has some dry bumps on her cheeks and this helps with those too.If I were trying to use anything else on their faces it would just be too difficult and they would fight me . They are intrigued with this , I let them smell it and even if they do lick it I know it wont hurt them.I LOVE it ! We got 2 sticks when they were newborns , one for home & 1 for the diaper bag & they are both practically full , with TWINS !!
 This product is super great I first bought this in cvs drug store to try on my 5 month old girl she had very dry skin mostly on face she kept breaking out with baby lotion so i gave this a try I FELL IN LOVE WITH IT !!!!!!! To bad cvs did n't sell it any more it was a closeout product . So I searched on amazon thank god found it here It works great and it was so easy to apply well now my little one does n't have dry skin any more I tried it on my face it smoothed my face and didnt break me out which almost every thing does not this it hydrates and actually reduced my redness so now I buy this for myself I apply it over my olay face cream every night when I wake up in morning my face is soooooooooo smooth and hydrated try it you will love it ...
 this is the only way i can get any cream on my baby 's dry cheeks - she hates cream being rubbed on her face so i 'm very grateful for this product - and ... . it works : -RRB-
 Most folks will use this only for their children , but this is a wonderful product to use as part of your night time facial skin care regimen . This product is perfect to use underneath your eyes -LRB- prior to bedtime only , not to be used during the day because it does not contain sunscreen -RRB- . I am almost 48 years old and i 've been using this product for my eyes for years and i do not have any wrinkles underneath my eyes . I am not a scientist but i believe i can safely say this product has done wonders for me . but again , this is only a nite time regimen as it does not contain any sunscreen . It is a very hard product to find at the local pharmacy so i 'm happy that Amazon carries it .
 This is becoming more and more difficult to find , which is too bad because it works better than Cetaphil or Eucerin on my son 's eczema . We have even gotten rid of two outbreaks without the use of steroid prescriptions . I think it works so well because it is so thick - even when he rubs his cheeks on something it does n't all come off and his cheeks are still protected . It is also very easy to apply because of ` deoderant stick ' style applicator . This worked well for my first child during the winter when his cheeks would get chapped , which is why I decided to try it for my second child who has had a rash on his cheeks since he was born -LRB- now 7 months old -RRB- . Normally I would not have tried a brand that is not ` natural ' or hypoallergenic but since I had this on hand I gave it a go and am so glad I did ! It works better than olive oil , Lansinoh cream , Eucerin , Cetaphil , and Burt 's Bees lotion for us . It is so wonderful I do n't know why they do n't make it anymore ! Stock up !
 this stuff it great ! i use it for my son all the time . it does really well getting rid of pacifier/drool rash . the only bad part is i can only find this product online , you cant find it in the stores .
 I started using the Johnson 's soothing naturals soothe and protect balm with my first child when she was a newborn for chapped cheeks . I now have two children and still love it . I use it before or after they go out in the wind or snow . It soothes and smoothes their dry cheeks . I ca n't find it in stores anymore , so I order it online .
 When my son was a baby this product helped him with his eczema when other products did n't . The exzema did n't disappear right away , but it disappeared . I found that it worked well on heat rash and more . Now he 's a toodler and I still keep it on hand . Adults can try it also .
 This is wonderful as a lip moisturizer . I use it every night to keep my lipd moist as I sleep . Great product .
 Johnson 's Soothing Naturals Soothe and Protect Balm really helped my granddaughter 's red rashy cheeks . They are n't even a problem anymore .
 I got this as a gift as part of a gift pack when my son was born - I stuck it in a drawer and kinda forgot about it . My son has had mild-moderate eczema since he was born and we had tried using mild steroid creams on it but they were n't that effective and I do n't like putting steroids on my baby if I can help it . Then I found this stashed away in my drawer so I thought I would give it a try and it worked AWESOME !! Way better than steroid creams !! Plus it smells fantastic and is really easy to apply to my squirmy little boy -LRB- you do n't have to worry about rubbing it in ! -RRB- . Love , Love , Love it !!!
 My daughter said that she needed something for my granddaughter 's cheeks and she was glad when I found this product . She said that it worked very well and she was happy with the results . I will be buying more for her .
 I think this works better than any prescription cream I have had for my sons dry , patchy face . It smells great and is very easy to use . I searced all over in stores before I gave in and got it here . Highly recommended .
 I found this toddler body wash at a stores and then i could n't find it anymore . I love it smells great and it is moisturizing . I wish the bottle was bigger but understand that its made for small hands . This is by far my favorite toddler body wash
 wonderful scent very light would work well for younger and older kids boys and girls . have used it myself and does not conflict with any thing i added afterwards like lotion or perfume
 Very fast service . The cream was a little runny , but seems okay.Would do business again ... thanx so much .
 I love this diaper bag because its appearance is attractive and it 's big enough to carry everything I need for my baby . The main compartment is very roomy , and it contains a nice removable plastic pocket in which I store small toiletries . I find the mesh pocket on the outside -LRB- on the short side -RRB- very handy for storing my cellular phone . The attached changing pad was useful for a few months . In order to use it , I had to put the bag on the floor , but that did n't bother me . My son is six and a half months old , and I have n't had any problems with the bag 's durability .
 This diaper bag is sturdy , roomy , and functional . I do n't use the changing pad -LRB- would be better if it detatched -RRB- and instead use the disposable Huggies changing pads . My only problem is that this bag does n't fit very well in my stroller basket -LRB- and I have a full size stroller -RRB- , so I usually end up carrying it or hanging it over the stroller 's handles . Otherwise , it works just fine and my husband does n't mind carrying it around , either !
 It has been a wonderful diaper bag . We can keep our daughters shot record with us always in the leather zipper pouch in the front . I find the changing pad absolutely wonderful ! The little net pockets with the changing pad are perfect for holding the bags to dispose the diapers in . I do not find this bag too bulky ! I find that the hospital bag was a bit small and we passed it on to my mother-in-law to use with our daughter . I am not a fan of cutesie patterns , so the more neutral styling suited both my husband and I very well . We highly recommend this bag !
 I love this bag . The pockets are conveniently located and large enough to accomodate all the stuff we hike along with us . The side cell phone pocket is where we keep spare pacifiers tucked and the net pocket at the end is great for keeping bottles handy for speed-grabbing . The only thing I would change with this bag is that the inside bottle pockets are not large enough for the larger Playtex disposable bottles - they only fit standard bottles and some of them are a tight squeeze -RRB- . The bag does n't have childish prints so we do n't have to feel silly carrying it around .
 * Fits a lot of diapers * Looks amazing * It can fit other stuff besides diapers ** INCREDIBLE ! *** THIS IS THE DIAPER BAG TO BUY FOR ALL MOMS !!
 I received this diaper bag for my baby shower in November 2002 . I still use it to this day , and it looks as good as it did when I first got it . It holds a lot of stuff , and would hold more if I better utilized the front zippered pouch -LRB- which STILL holds the same Johnson & Johnson travel sized baby wash , cornstarch and lotion that I got as a shower gift and never used !! -RRB- The tan `` Eddie Bauer '' flap acts like a secret compartment , and I hide an extra , unmarked house and car key in there , which has come in VERY handy on SEVERAL occasions.I see this bag lasting a LONG time , even when it 's no longer used for `` diapers '' !!
 We got this bag for dad because it 's more masculine . It provides plenty of room for everything the baby needs . The price for the size and brand is n't bad either . I purchased a different bag for myself which was more expensive . I ended up returning it because it was smaller and less practical than the Eddie Bauer bag .
 l love this Diaper bag b/c it 's big alot of space ! and believe me every mom sure needs all that space ... a must have ! not tooheavy and l love the changing pad that comes attached to it . love it !
 I confess the real reason we got this bag is my significant other loves navy blue and Eddie Bauer . But I am so glad we did ! It has plenty of room for everything you need for an all day trip . The convenient bottle holder and outside pocket large enough to slip in a planner or print outs from a Dr. 's appointment is very convenient . I absolutely love the idea of a zip out changing pad . However , I only wish the pad were easier to get out one handed -LRB- some restrooms you just are n't clean enough to put the baby down to get out the pad -RRB- . I 'd recommend getting another smaller bag as well for short trips to the store as this one is quite large .
 I have owned and used this diaper bag for 3 1/2 years . Take it from someone who has experience with this bag . It is the most durable bag I have ever used . Do n't even bother with Walmart or K-mart cheapies . I received both brands from other people and they stink . The reason I give this bag 5 stars is because it has survived over 3 years of torture , like being thrown , pulled , kicked , and everything else a mom has to do to get out of a car or home . I am now using it with my second child and it is just as good as new . I also love the fact that it has the built in diaper changer , I have used that feature at least 500 times in a public bathroom , or in someone 's home . I have also used the plastic center compartment at least 500 times to store stinky diapers and other nasty things in . Overall it is just a great and durable bag .
 This diaper bag is a great deal . Very roomy , well-thought out design , and very durable . It is very large and great for overnight trips or for multiple little ones . -LRB- Or if you 're just neurotic , as many new moms are , and feel the need to take half the house with you every time you go out ! -RRB- We have used it many many times in the 8 months since our son was born and have n't had a problem to date.I 'm not sure what to make of some of the reviews I have read ... `` lopsided '' ??? well , i would n't say THAT , but it does n't take a physicist to conclude that if one side of the bag has a stuff on it -LRB- i.e. the fold-out changing pad and zippered pocket -RRB- and the other side does n't , well the side with the extras is going to weigh a little more . . If you pack you heavier stuff on the other side , maybe it will even out ! `` fell apart after 6 months '' ??? wow , my husband is like THE least gentle person I know , with exception to handling our baby boy , and he tosses this bag around like a sack of potatoes and we 've never had a problem with durability . I 'm not sure how rugged a diaper bag really needs to be . I mean , we do n't go mountain climbing with it or anything , but we definitely do n't treat it with kid gloves , either!and , I have to say , this is my favorite ... `` Hummer of diaper bags `` Are you kidding me ? Where in the description were you led to believe this bag is small ? Was it the word `` roomy '' that threw you off ? Come on , people ! If you want the Mini Cooper diaper bag , buy it , but do n't buy this one and then complain that it 's too big !!
 I looked everywhere for a nice , functional bag , but that did not look too girly so my husband could use it as well . I went to babies are us store and spent the whole day with my friend there , checking out different bags ... This one won ! A great bag , with lots of pockets , a bottle holder , water proof inside , a plastic envelope for dirty diapers with a velcro for easy fixing.Has plent pockets for easy access and enough space for your own things , without looking huge!My husband also loved it ! I found this bag to be of a good size for babies up to 1 year . Whoever said that this bag is small , definetely carries too much or need an extra backpack ! I have the bottom of my stroller for extra toys and my own water.This one should be for the baby 's needs , and it fits perfectly .
 My husband and I both agreed on this bag . It is stylish and not to `` baby '' looking . The features are great . The big pocket in the middle is a big plus ! It is great for holding dirty diapers and messy clothes , when you are on the run . The changing pad on the front comes in very handy when I am out at a store or at the mall . It holds a lot of stuff . I can pack 6 diapers , 2 spare outfits , wipes , a bottle , a water bottle , bottle liners , formula , 3-4 toys , a juice cup , my feed 'n go bowl with food and snacks . I am a working mom and I bring my baby with me on all of my errands and etc. . So this bag has been through it all . I have had it a total of 10 months and it still looks like new . Yesterday , my son 's bottle leaked everywhere and the directions say to have it professionally cleaned , but I put it in the washer on Handwash/Gentle Cycle and it looks great . I know of 2 other mom 's who have mupltiple children and they love this diaper bag as well . I would defintely recommend it to anyone .
 This bag is AWESOME ! It is very large -LRB- perfect for the weekend trip to Grandma 's ! -RRB- but it 's not heavy at all . -LRB- Which surprised me based on the other review -RRB- . I love that it does n't look all babyish . No cutesy cartoon characters , etc. . I like the double zipper flap top . . it 's very easy to open . This bag holds everything !! The best part is that the bag can be used more than for a `` diaper bag '' . It really does n't look like a diaper bag at all . It looks like a piece of carry on luggage ! The diaper change pad is a lot larger than I expected it to be too . A lot larger than any other 's that I 've seen in a diaper bag . I highly recommend this bag !
 This is a very stylish and attractive bag however it can become very overwhelming when trying to carry this bag and a baby . the bag is very big and the more you store inside the bag the heavier it can be . I also noticed that there is a backback -LRB- that you can carry on your back -RRB- in this same design . I do n't really use this bag because i have a diaper bag that is a back pack and it is so much more convenient . I suggest the eddie bauer diaper bag that is the back pack style , that way it frees you up to manuever better with your little one . this bag can be used moreso for traveling on longer trips , but for running errands i suggest a bag that is lest bulky . I am a first time mom and with a crying baby , i really do n't have time for a heavy bag weighing me down .
 The bag was of first quality , everything as promised and then some . Lots of pockets , roomy , and best of all , a roll out changing pad , perfect for those places that do n't have a changing table . I bought it as a gift for my son and daughter-in-law , and they could n't stop raving about it . Lots of quality and well worth the price .
 This diaper bag is a good buy . I have two toddlers and it fits six pampers each , baby wipes , lotsa snacks , change of clothes , toys , baby bottles or sippy cups , miniature baby products etc. . A whole days worth of stuff . I 'm the type of mom that likes to be prepared for any possible eventuality so with this bag I 'm free to toss in extras of anything I feel I might need for the children on a particular day . It is a very manageable size also even when stuffed . Everyone thinks I spent a fortune on it because it is attractive and looks very expensive . Normally you have to spend alot to get alot ... but not with this bag . The features I love are 1 -RRB- mesh pockets inside to hold small bottles of lotions and toys , etc. 2 -RRB- the bag has two seperate zippered compartments plus a large outside pocket to help keep you organized . 3 -RRB- velcro flap cell phone holder and zippered divided wallet outside ... so mom can leave cumbersome purse at home -LRB- anything extra you have to carry with two toddlers are cumbersome ! -RRB- plus it makes me feel very put together having my things organized and easily accessible 4 -RRB- mesh pocket on side of bag wich is adjustable so you can put a drink for yourself , or a sippy cup / bottle . 5 -RRB- no matter how much I stuff inside , it does n't get bulky and holds it well and for that matter 6 -RRB- very good craftsmanship , heavy duty zipper and canvas material . 7 -RRB- zippered plastic pouch that is attached to inside of bag ... I use it as a second line of defense to hold `` wet '' or messy snacks such as grapes and cookies ... that are already in ziplocs ... . I also use to hold baby wipes ... because the thick plastic keeps it from drying out and you do n't have to carry a diaper wipe case . Others can use it to hold messy clothes , diapers etc.This is a very sophisticated non-whimsical diaper bag ... . no pastel bunnies or elephants ... . a very good purchase and dad looks especially handsome carrying it : -RRB-
 This bag is very nice . The quality is great . Only down fall is that it is heavy .
 This diaper bag is the best thing for traveling . It is small enough to fit in tight places , yet large enough to carry everything you need for yourself and baby .
 We bought this bag to use for our daughter . This being my first baby , I thought I needed to carry everything in the world `` everywhere '' with me . This bag acomodated me very nicely . Even though it was ridiculously heavy , I was able to pack everything my baby could possibly need , plus probably 10 extra things . It was very stuffed , and as a result after using it for about a year , the top zipper broke . Even though I know I overstuffed it , I still do n't think the zipper should have broken . I have had many other types of bags -LRB- i , e backpacks , luggage bags -RRB- , that I continually overstuffed , and I did not have problems with zippers breaking . I am now pregnant with my second baby , and being an experienced mom , I will no longer try to carry `` everything in the world with me . '' I have chosen a smaller Columbia bag , that even if I do end up stuffing full , I am quite confident that it will not break on me . ~ Kim
 I just do n't like how bulky this bag is . And we never use the changing pad since it 's attached to the bag and hard to maneuver . Just something to consider as you select your bag !
 I purchased this bag for the everyday . I also received a smaller one as a gift . Hands down for everyday use this bag is too BIG . I use the smaller size for the everyday , buy this if you travel enough to warrant the purchase .
 We like this bag for our trips to Disneyland , as we have annual passes and go often . It allows us to carry all of the diapers , wipes , bottles , outfits , etc. that one needs for a long day with The Mouse . It also fits nicely in the roomy basket of our Eddie Bauer Stroller/travel system .
 I received this diaper bag as a shower gift . True , it is big and a little heavy , but there is enough room in it for everything ! Toys , diapers , lotions , creams , bottles , a change of clothing , and still room for a blanket or two ! My husband and I love it , it 's stylish yet not overly feminine so he does n't mind slinging it over his shoulder when he 's out with our daughter . We use it mostly for overnight trips ; for those of you who feel it 's too big or heavy , consider the name ; it 's not called the `` weekender '' for nothing ! And , for shorter trips we have a smaller bag we got from the hospital . It may be a bit of a hassel going back and forth between the two diaper bags , but all in all my husband and I are very happy with our Eddie Bauer Weekender Diaper Bag .
 This bag is great , especially for extended trips . We just took it on a road trip to SC , and it held everything my son needed for 3 days . It is a little too bulky for the short trip to the mall , but I also have the smaller version of this bag and love it as well . I especially love the fold out diaper changing station , and dirty clothes bag . I have even used them for my two year old . I looked at several other bags and always came back to this one , definitely worth every penny .
 I 'm so tired of all the cartoon character tacky diaper bags . Yes , you have a child , but that does n't mean you have to carry around a hiddeous diaper bag . I love this bag 's looks . I also love the zip down fold out changing pad . It 's so easy to go into the public bathroom & sit this bag at the end of the koala changing station thing , one handedly unzip & fold out the changing pad & lay your baby on it , protecting from those nasty bathroom germs.I will say it 's big & is n't compartmentalized inside so everything 's jumbled together , but I bouught the little one of these bags fro quick trips & save this one for trips to grandma 's / babysitter 's or weekend trips & use the littler version of this same bag for day trips .
 This is a great travel bag . My husband actually picked it out . The style is unisex , so dad does n't mind carrying it with him . Many compartments , roomy , very nice bag .
 We use this bag daily , we keep diapers on one side and my sons clothes on the other side , and lil food snacks in the middle plastic bag , so it hold a lot . Not only do you have all the room on the inside of the bag but it also has a lot of other lil pockets and zipper parts where you can put stuff in too . I always foget about the inside pocket and I have stuff in there and when I go to look for the stuff I can never find it b/c it is hard to see that pocket in there but hey just another place for me to put stuff in -LRB- lol -RRB- . We have had this bag for 2 yrs now and there is nothing wrong with it . We plan to use it when the baby I am pregnant with now comes so we will be using it for 2 kid then
 This bag is really great for twins , etc. . We have tried several other bags , and they were all too small to carry enough stuff for our twins .
 This bag has alot of room and compartments . I do n't find the built in changing bag useful , but the rest of the bag is well designed . It is nice looking and great for the older parent who does n't want to carry a cute , bright or bold diaper bag . Also a nice bag for the husband to carry .
 I let my husband pick this bag since it was more `` manly '' , but I love it as well ! -LRB- The navy and tan suede give it less of a cutesy look . -RRB- It 's roomy enough to fit everything you could possibly need , including extra clothes , food , toys , etc. . The side mesh pocket is perfect for fitting two large bottles , and the top zipper pocket works well for lotions , spoons , etc. . The inside of the bag contains a clear zipper pocket which divides the bag neatly into two sides , but can be removed . I do n't really use the attached diaper mat , but do n't find it at all cumbersome like some . The bag is lightweight and the material holds up extremely well . Ideal , especially if you have two kids sharing the bag !
 My husband loves this bag but I can not stand it . The fact that the changing pad is attached is very annoying and takes up alot of space at the store changing tables . I agree with the others about this being too bulky . It does come in handy when you are going to be out of the home all day but otherwise we use the diaper bag that we received from the hospital . I think there probably is a better bag out there , but it you are look for something that has alot of storage ... this would be the one for you .
 This diaper bag has been a lifesaver . The inner compartments are arranged logically and with plenty of room for all of baby 's necessities . The outside of this bag is classy enough that my husband has no reservations about carrying it , no frills or pastel colors . The best feature about this bag is without a doubt the attached changing pad . I am actually able to prepare the area to change my son 's diaper with only one hand ! The easy zippers and velcro that hold the changing pad in place also keep all of baby 's diapering needs right up front without getting into the main body of the bag . I would recommend this bag to any parent !
 I got this as a shower gift from my sister and I LOVE IT ! It is the highest quality I 've used ! I got another diaper bag made out of this plasticky stuff and it 's already ripped and dirty . This bag has a great fold out diaper changing pad . It 's also large enough to hold several cloth diapers . I use the inside storage pocket for MY stuff ! This bag is the greatest !!
 This diaper bag is an excellent choice . It is well made , easy to clean and VERY roomy . I am able to fit everything that my 3 month old daughter needs and more . I highly recommend this bag !
 This bag is a perfect size ... big enough to hold all the things you need , yet small enough to sit on the floor of the car between the front and back seats when you 've got a full vehicle . I was originally attracted to the look of the bag . It 's very discreet and perfect for a man who 's disinterested in carrying a traditional baby bag . I am able to store 5 diapers , wipes , two small bottles and 2 cans of formula . It can hold mulitple changes of clothes and even a small insulated bottle cooler bag . I especially LOVE the side mesh compartment to carry my own large water bottle . I find that I get really thirsty while nursing and this compartment comes in handy for toting my water around . The only drawbacks are that the bag does n't come w / an insulated section for keeping bottles or food cold AND the attached changing pad is awkward and impractical as it does n't detach for use . If Eddie Bauer included either of these features , the bag for would be a perfect 5 star purchase . But even w / its flaws , it 's a TERRIFIC bag .
 I bought this bag for our daughter because my husband and I travel a lot to see his family . It 's a carry-on when we fly and fits everything she 'll need for a week trip . Now that she 's older we pack her clothes in a suitcase with ours but all her foods fit , her toys , the bottle compartment inside is great to hold the bottles I do n't want her to know about and I love the fold-out changing pad ! It has saved us many times with no place to change her and it wipes off really clean with a wet one ! There 's a lot of space inside to hold any extra bottles I need to take with us and the zipper pouch holds any clothes that we had to change her out of without stinking up the whole bag . It is a little big for a quick trip anywhere and some strollers do n't fit it too easily but it is an excellent purchase !
 This is a great diaper bag . Has all the perfect pockets that you will need on the go . The material is study and easy to clean . Thanks for a great bag !!!
 my mommy & daddy received this as a shower gift to welcome me into their world . what a wonderful bag ! it holds all my neccessities like a bunch of diapers , wipes , a couple of changes of clothes . . just in case , a can of formula , liners . . you name it and you can fit it ! it 's also very modern looking so it does n't look like a `` diaper bag '' ... perfect for the dads !
 Item arrived in alotted amount of time and was in the price range loooking for .
 Mother and fathers to be/experienced parents this is your one pit stop for this bag . As a mother of a two and a half year old , and a one month old newborn I strongly recommend this bag . Its sturdiness is great , the dark color will hold up to any dirt or spills , the space inside is large enough to hold up pretty much anything you need for your little ones.The shoulder strap is comfortable and adjustable . Also it has extra compartments for your keys , cell phone , etc. . I have had used other bags in the past , and wished I would have had this one when my first child was going to daycare for his first year . Believe or not bags have mysterious ways of taking serious wear and tear.It is a large bag , and an attached diaper pad . I really like this bag overall with the exception of the attached diaper pad which may not be so practical once your child is potty trained . I still rated this bag five stars . If you do not mind the attached diaper pad go for it .
 I do like this bag , roomie , but as another memeber stated , the changing pad is nice when baby is smaller , but as baby got larger , became more of a hassle , ecspecially when trying to change on a changing station , but on the floor , it 's fine . I do not like the extra bottle holders inside , as another member stated , I , too , used the Avent bottles , therefore , they did not fit , so I usually carried bottles in another bag . The extra clear pouch that came with the bag proved to be very useful , I put extra spoons , diaper rash ointment , medicine , etc. in there.Durable material and easy to keep pretty clean !
 This is a great diaper bag . It fits lots of essentials . I have about 10 diapers , a package of wipes , a bottle of water , formula packets ,2 bottles , a receiving blanket , sleeper , 3 washcloths , a plastic bag , a bottle of infant 's tylenol , and pacifiers and they all fit well . It is also more stylish and contemporary than something with little elephants.My husband likes it too , and has no problem carrying it.The strap is nice and thick and makes it comfortable to carry.No real complaints about it .
 I received this bag because I registered for it . I will say that it fits EVERYTHING the baby needs for a day at the sitter 's . It has also been nice for weekend travel trips . However , it is NOT for everyday , going to the store or errands . It 's too big for that . I did register for this one and the mini bag that matches this -LRB- also an Eddie Bauer -RRB- and I really like that one . It 's not bulky and is perfect for an outing or for running errands . I am even able to fit my wallet , keys , and cell phone in the mini bag and I use it instead of a purse . Both bags are a nice neutral decor so my husband does n't mind taking it with him when he 's out with the baby .
 This bag has plenty of room and compartments for a trip out with baby . It 's also a comfortable fit to carry over the shoulder -LRB- I tried them all in the store and this one felt the best to me and hubby , and after using it I still feel that way -RRB- . We had also considered the back pack model , but felt this one had more room . I am pleased with having chosen this one over the backpack , because when out and about with baby in the stroller , I can put the diaper bag under the stroller in the storage basket or I can hang the strap over the stroller handles and leave room for other things in the basket . The back pack does n't have long enough straps that I could have done this.The only change I would recommend to the makers is to nix the attached diaper changing pad and opt for a detachable one . Depending on where I am changing my son , the attached pad is not so convenient . It 's not such a problem that I would want another bag though .
 Like other reviewers , my husband never minded carrying this bag for me ! I used it as my daily diaper bag until recently , my daughter is 11.5 months . I just recently bought a smaller bag for daily use . This bag is big and great for longer trips .
 I love this diaper bag ! It 's the perfect size . I have a toddler and a newborn , and this bag has plenty of space for diapers , clothes , snacks , toys , and even a blanket for each of my kids . It 's not bulky at all , and the strap has a cushion that makes it a comfortable bag to carry . I love it , I wish we could give more than 5 stars !
 THIS BAG WAS GIVEN TO ME AS A GIFT AND I WAS ABLE TO PUT LIKE 3 OUTFITS FOR THE BABY AND ALL HIS AMMENITIES IN THERE AND STILL HAVE SPACE . IT IS SUCH A GREAT BAG TO HAVE . IT HAS TONS OF SPACE . YOU WOULD ABSOLUTELY NOT BE DISAPPOINTED IN THIS BAG . IT IS A GREAT INVESTMENT .
 If you have a problem getting organized this bag will really help . I find that most bags are either to large , allowing parrents to carry a lot of stuff they do n't need , or to small -LRB- you need more than just one diaper -RRB- . It is the perfect size -LRB- not to big , not to small -RRB- with appropriate pockets for everything . My wife does not even carry a purse anymore , she just incorporated everything into this bag .
 The bag is great , but the fact that the changing pad is connected to the bag makes awkward and inconvenient . I recommend the bag , just know that you 'll want to bring along a separate changing pad -LRB- I saved the disposable pads my pediatrician used for weigh-ins and use those -RRB- .
 We purchased this bag for our third child and have been very pleased . Our daughter is 16 months now and by this time with our son 's we had been through three different bags . Not only does it have plenty of room and a changing pad but still looks new . Very durable bag with no tears after all of our packing and unpacking and everyday use . It is also not too feminine , which is a plus for dad . We would recommend this diaper bag to anyone .
 This bag is much better than the super-expensive one we initially started out using that really only fit one child 's stuff . We are able to put bottles , diapers , etc into it in a way that keeps our children 's items seperate . Although I have no additional room for my own things as some moms do , I am comfortable knowing I have everything we might need , and the logical setup allows me to reach in knowing exactly where I 'll locate something .
 I bought this bag in the smaller version which is good for quick errands and jogging however when were given this as a gift I found myself taking this more with me than the smaller bag . The compartments and its changing station helps especially if you dont want to use the pads provided in public restrooms . It is a huge bag but if you do not want to carry extra bags then this is worth definitely worth it
 We have mainly used this as travel bag with the baby . This was also a lifesaver when our son was very young and we needed to carry so much of his things . Now that he is getting bigger we have been using it more on all day trips that have required carrying food and sippy cups for him and it has really come been excellent for us . We definetly recommend this bag . Great durablity and space .
 I fell in love with this bag the first time I saw it . I was n't even pregnant , but was shopping for a friend who was pregnant . I felt so bad because rather than buy it for her , I bought it for myself . I used it as a doctor 's bag for all of my supplies . About six months later a friend of mine who is in medical school saw the bag and fell in love with it . When she found out she was pregnant , I went out immediately and bought it for her . When my husband and I started planning to get pregnant , I purchased this bag again for use as a diaper bag . I really like it because it is definitely a multi-purpose bag and guys are not afraid to carry it at all . Most guys would n't even know it was a diaper bag if they do n't see a baby . I love all of the pockets and you can put a ton of stuff in it . Excellent choice !!!
 I received this bag as a shower gift . I loved it ! High quality bag with many compartments . Long lasting and sturdy . Highly recommended .
 We got received this bag as a baby gift from my sister . It is great . Yes it is big , but it holds EVERYTHING ! I also have the smaller bag for short trips to babysitter or church but seems like I can never fit everything I want in it . So many little compartments to stash things.Worth every penny !
 I had bought the Graco `` french bear '' bag because I have the whole set , but it fell apart on me . I figured Eddie Bauer products are durable and top rated , so I bought this bag , and also the matching smaller bag that I use for his bottles and food . The bag is manly for my husband to carry and nice for me too . It holds such an abundance - it 's awesome ! Compartments outside and inside for organization . The changing mat is a great feature.I use this as my everyday diaper bag . I highly reccomend . You wo n't be dissapointed or want another bag after this one !
 I have purchased other bags and have found they do n't have enough room . I love this bag because I am able to carry everything in 1 bag ! -LRB- bottles , clothes , blankets , toys , diapers , wipes , snacks , etc. . -RRB-
 We have had this bag for our 16 month old . . it has been great . I would highly recommend it for infants `` on-the-go '' . It has a lot of storage . Very high quality . The attached changing pad feature is great for smaller babies though it becomes too short as child gets older . We are now switching to the smaller version since our daughter is eating table food -LRB- no lugging around so many jars and cans -RRB- . Again , I really think it is perfect for those of you who often spend a lot of the time away from the house , as you can store a whole day 's supply of nessecities in it .
 This bag is pretty well thought out , although the only feature I would change is the changing pad . It does not come off the bag making it impossible to change baby on it while out and about and using a changing station , as the bag and the baby will not all fit on the station together . Otherwise I like that it is durable and does not look like a traditional diaper bag . My husband does not mind carrying it .
 We registered for and received this bag without really comparing it to other bags . After 16 months of daily use it is still in great shape with no problems at all . We love all the compartments and the bottle holders also work well for sippy cups . The vinyl center section works great for storing snacks and food when eating out . The bag can be kinda bulky when entirely full , but with as much stuff as we have packed in there you have to expect some bulk .
 My husband picked out this diaper bag because it was n't to frilly . I like it because of all of its compartments and because it has a built it changing pad . I would definitely recommend it .
 I received this diaper bag as a shower gift and I was very excited to get it . I thought it would be great since it is large and does not `` look '' like a diaper bag . When I first started using it , I noticed that it was lop-sided . You have to wear the diaper bag backwards -LRB- with the side pocket out -RRB- otherwise it leans out and is difficult to carry . I also noticed that the velcro handle makes it difficult to get things out in a hurry -LRB- which is when you want to get things from the inside pockets -RRB- . Lastly , the strap shred after only 3 months . It is a nice diaper bag but not very durable or practical .
 Has a lot of pockets and zippers that 's for sure . It has worked well as an equipment bag as well .
 This is really a great bag . It has pockets every where so it 's easy to find small items . It also has a diaper changer .
 Given as a gift for a baby shower for nephew/neice-in-law for 2nd baby . My nephew likes the bag because it looks manly and not foo-foo .
 This is the best bag on the market . I have not only been able to pack for a day but , for a week in it .
 I am a new mom . I have a 1 1/2 month old baby boy and I have to say that this bag is so good . I first saw this bag when I was doing my baby registry and my husband came across this bag , it was initally for him beacuse I got the new louie vuitton any way , He loves this bag
 I love this bag got it for a shower gift . However the handle is starting to rip . I know that I will not be able to sew it as the material is to thick . I will have to get another one when the handle completely rips off . My husband does n't mind carrying this bag so we will get another one like this . THere is LOTS of room for all the baby items you will need to carry with you when you are away from home .
 I gave this as a baby shower present and the mom-to-be loved it ! She had chosen a different brand that was not of the quality I wanted to give her . She loved the size and weight of it and how well the bag organized baby 's travel things . I always have confidence in the fine quality of Eddie Bauer products . Shipping was fast and the bag arrived in perfect condition .
 This bag is wonderful for everyday use ! Especially for working moms ! I take this bag with us to the sitter everyday and just about everywhere else too . It has enough space to put his diapers , wipes , extra clothes , bibs , etc. ... I love it ! It 's so durable too . I 'm super rough on things and this thing has taken a beating and kept on ticking . There is also a matching smaller bag for quick trips or extra things for longer trips .
 I received this bag as a baby shower gift 3 and a half years ago when I was expecting my son . I am now expecting my second baby in the next few weeks and plan on using this bag again . It is very sturdy and has plenty of room for diapers , wipes , extra changes of clothes , toys ... I even carried a small can of formula with me for longer outings when he was a bit older ... anything you could possibly need . My husband loves it as well because it does n't look like a diaper bag at all . The only thing I do need to caution is that if you are around alot of other parents and their small children -LRB- like mommy and me classes , playgroups , ect -RRB- , I 've come to notice that it 's a VERY popular bag , so you have to disguish yours somehow or you 'll be routing through them all trying to find yours -LRB- not a good thing when you have a crying infant on your hands , however , that does speak volumes for the quality of this product ... It ca n't be beat ! -RRB- .
 This bag is big ! It has a built in attached changing pad that has been handy when I drove across country . Very conveniently placed pockets are where the fold out changing pad is for when changing the baby . I love it!It has a great zipper bad in the center made of plastic that can be used for anything including a dirty diaper . There is a lot of room in this bad . I found it to have a good rugged quality that I always expect from the name Eddie Bauer .
 I went to babies R Us to look at this bag before I put it on my registry . I wanted a bag that did NOT look like a diaper bag and this definately fits the bill ! The material it is made out of is easy to clean and durable . It 's not too big yet not too small - if you do n't pack it like your going on a two week vacation . I can fit 6-8 diapers , a box of soy milk , two changes of toddler clothing , travel toiletries -LRB- powder , shampoo , lotion , etc. -RRB- , a few small toys , snacks , a couple of board books , a sippy cup and my cell phone . It has an inner plastic zip pocket for wet items . The attached changing pad is great , however , it does n't fit on every baby changing station and it does n't always stay closed if you just velcro it shut . It has zippered sides but they 're not easy to zip shut with just one hand ... and let 's face it , that 's how you 're doing things with a baby in the other ! Also , my son is 2 now and he is starting to outgrow the changing pad -LRB- he 's too tall for it ! -RRB- I am happy with the bag overall and my husband says `` Dad 's wo n't feel jerky carrying it around ! ''
 This bag is our `` big '' diaper bag . We keep a smaller diaper bag for daily use - which my husband refuses to use because it is Tommy Hilfiger . He thinks this one is `` more masculine . '' Is that a selling point ? I guess it is to men . : -RRB- We recently took a five-day trip and this is the bag we used . I absolutely love the small , zippered pocket located above the tan flap with the logo on it . I used that to carry my money ... I know it 's not the safest place for it but that pocket blends in so well with the bag that my husband could n't find it at first.The flap pocket folds out and becomes the changing pad . Just above the changing pad are two mesh pockets . In those , I keep wipes and a diaper so that I do n't have to dig for them in the bag . I love that.The inside of the bag has two bottle holder straps and a wonderfully large , clear dirty clothes bag that attaches with velcro , making it easy to remove . The rear outside of the bag has a large , roomy open pocket that closes with a single velcro tab . There is also a good-size zippered pocket on the inside of the bag . Quite a bit of storage altogether !
 Are you looking for an outstanding diaper bag at a decent price ? The Eddie Bauer Weekender Diaper Bag is designed well ; it looks smart , and is easy on the wallet . It is extremely well thought-out , and wears well . The Accessory Pouch is more than enough , while the interior of the bag is roomy . When William was an infant , I carried 10 diapers , a box of wipes , an insulated bottle tote , board books , toys , and a change of clothes in this bag . As he aged , I replaced the tote with sippy cups , snacks , and other toys . Two years later , the bag still looks new . To be fair , I am a stay-at-home mom ; hence , I do not put my baby gear to the test as other parents . Nevertheless , I am active , and this bag has been carted around a lot.Favorite Feature : Removable Plastic PouchThe Removable Plastic Pouch is made of heavy-duty plastic , and is ample in size . Measuring 8 &#65533; x 14 &#65533; , the clear pouch fastens to the inside of the bag via Velcro . This very clever design allows for dirty diapers , wet clothes , or liquid items that might make a mess if spilled . I used this pouch almost daily , and I praise the designers for their insight into moms &#65533; world.Least Favorite Features : Foldout Changing PadInitially this feature worked well , because it is attached to the bag , so one does not need to go digging for it . Once it is unzipped , and unfolded it makes a nice cushion for a little persons bum . On the other hand , as my son grew , it became awkward to employ . This feature ended up adding bulk to the bag , which is no added bonus.Mesh Bottle HolderThis facet of the bag is designed for bottles that are small in diameter , such as what Evenflo offers . I used Avent bottles , which are much larger around , so this aspect was of no use for my bottles , but it sure came in handy for storing socks . I used a bottle tote since I expressed my milk , which needed to be chilled . As a result , I would not have used this holder to store bottles , even if it was large enough . I mention it as I think it is a flaw in the design.To summarize , the Eddie Bauer Weekender Diaper Bag provides a lot of features for the money . If I were shopping today for a diaper bag I would certainly take a chance on this one .
 I registered for and received this bag for our shower . I have since used it a lot . Its amazing how we can fill up every bit of space in a diaper bag , its extremely useful for short trips too . And its stylish without the mundane so called baby designs . The only flaw in this bag is its attached changing pad which is very inconvenient and too small .
 I registered for this diaper bag and thought I would use it as my primary diaper bag . However , the bag is quite bulky and heavy.On frequent trips to mall or wherever the stroller is needed , this bag quickly becomes a nusance because it does not fit in the `` storage compartment '' under our stroller -LRB- Graco Glider -RRB- . We either have to carry the heavy thing on our shoulders the entire shopping trip or somehow strap it over the stroller and hope & pray it does n't flip the stroller over if , by chance , we let go of the stroller for one second.I ended up purchasing a much smaller Eddie Bauer bag , made very similar to this one -LRB- same navy fabric and leather front -RRB- for every day use because it is much more convenient & easier to carry -LRB- and it fits VERY well under my stroller - another plus ! -RRB- . The diaper bag is an overall nice product that has a great amount of space but not feasible or recommended for everyday use . It is more of a bag that would be used for overnight trips or vacations -LRB- or a trip to grandma & grandpa 's for the weekend !! -RRB- .
 My Husband wanted a more masculine bag , so we registered for this one . Is he ever happy , it can carry everything he thinks he needs and then some for our little one . It 's also great for mom 's on the go in the business world as it matches the attire we are required to wear . This is the perfect , durable bag for anyone starting their family . No doubt it will still be around to use for child # 2 . A GOT TA HAVE IT !!!!
 He absolutely loves this one because it is n't so `` cutesy '' as the one that a relative bought for me . He likes the pull-out changing mat . It has enough room for everything that you need and is not nearly as heavy as our other diaper bag . It 's a great one : -RRB-
 My husband and i recently took a 2 week trip and this bag was great ! It fit everything we needed plus more . I liked the clear accessory bag that you could take out . That made it easy to store all of our child 's bath products etc. . I would reccommend this bag to anyone . . and my husband does n't mind carrying the bag around cause it does n't look like a diaper bag !
 We have this diaper bag in all black and love it ! We also have the smaller square version for quick run to the store needs . The weekender bag has lots of space for everything you need for a day of shopping or for a plane ride , etc. ! Highly recommend this bag to anyone !
 This was perfect for the first 6 months because as a new Mom I wanted to carry everything with me `` just in case . '' I really like the built-in changing pad . The double zipper opening is very easy to open with one hand . I have managed to convert to a smaller diaper bag now that I have so many diaper changes under my belt ! However , I still highly recommend this bag for as long as your little one is in diapers .
 I used this diaper bag four years ago when our daughter was born and I think that it is great . I loved the fold out changing pad , and the mesh pockets inside the changing pad compartment make diaper changes fast and convenient . I am now expecting my second and plan on using this bag again -LRB- yes it held up -RRB- . It is a larger bag , so I will probably purchase a smaller bag for everyday , but for longer outings this one ca n't be beat .
 i love this bag i also purchased the back pack to match . my son will be 2 in december and we still use these bags im surprise they didnt need to be replaced ! they are well worth the money
 This bag is very roomy . You can fit a ton of stuff in it plus it is very stylish . It is not to baby looking or clashy as most diaper bags are . I would n't recommend this bag for everyday use . A bit to big to lug around ! I have the Eddie Bauer mini bag for everyday use and that bag works perfect too . You can fit quite a bit in it for how small it is . These are the best diaper bags I have ever owned : -RRB-
 This is a perfect diaper bag for moms/dads . It 's a a bit too big for my taste , I guess cause my 2 week son is breastfed only and I do n't need to pack a bunch of bottles . I 'm sure I 'll definitely fill the bag when he gets a little older . But overall I love the bag
 This bag has a lot of room for everything you might need for you kiddo . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I 'm not a huge fan of rhe built in changing pad . It 's pretty bulky and once they 're not newborns anymore , they 're just too big to put on the pad at all . Other than that , it 's a great bag !
 WE REALLY LIKE THIS BAG ... I ESPECIALLY LOVE THE DIAPER CHANGING STAION ON THE FRONT . IT IS BIG ENOUGH TO HOLD EVERYTHING YOU NEED ; YET NOT OVERLY HUGE . IT IS VERY DURABLE AND EASY TO CLEAN . I HAVE FOUND IT TO BE A GREAT LITTLE BAG .
 Okay , the title says it all - these diapers just do n't leak for larger babies . I love them and use them exclusively for our child at night -LRB- he 's trained during the day -RRB- and have no problems whatsoever . They 're a snap to put on and just are wonderful to use . I ca n't recommend these enough - I 've tried so many brands and these definitely work the best . I have broken too many fingernails changing crib sheets from the results of cheap leaky diapers and so therefore , I highly recommend these diapers , and so do my nails !
 I 've had a few tattoos done and have tried a few different products over the years -LRB- Neosporin , Bacitracin , Tattoo Goo , various lotions -RRB- . Although tattoo artists all seem to have different recommendations on what to use , this is the product I keep coming back to . Heals great , no itching , smells good . 5 stars . If for some reason you have a little pain or redness/inflammation in your tattoo , I would recommend using Bacitracin for the first few days until pain & redness subsides , and then switching to A+D for the rest of the time while the tattoo is healing . Otherwise just gently hand wash you tat daily , let it air dry , and apply light layer of this stuff and you ca n't go wrong .
 This is the best diaper care product we have used . We tried some other fancy and expensive creams , but nothing worked as well as this . It absorbs well and makes a fine barrier against irritation , and heals irritated booties quickly . It also makes an excellent balm for very dry winter skin , and cracked skin at joints and folds . The best part is that because of its superior absorption , very little of it finds its way into our daughter 's sensitive and hard to clean areas , unlike the others we 've tried . An essential .
 This product is great especially for children with sensitive skin . The majority of products have zinc oxide . Zinc oxide is used to treat diaper rash - not to prevent it . Most items in the stores - have the zinc oxide . I made the mistake of buying a tube . All it did was cause my son to have a red sore bottom . I went back shopping at another store - discovered this product with no zinc oxide . Tried it on my son and never switched again . He has hardly had diaper rash and when he did - I used the A&D Ointment with the zinc oxide . It would clear it up quickly and easily . Then moved back to using this .
 I love this stuff . For a while I was seduced by other kinds of ointment and paste , but this is the only one for me . The stuff in the blue tube is very much a paste , and that is what it feels like when you are trying to wipe your kid 's behind.Stick with this ointment , it protects their soft skin from diaper rash -LRB- I am vigilant about changing the diaper right away , but if they poop while sleeping or are teething , then bad things happen no matter how fast you are -RRB- AND it wipes off easily.I only wish Amazon.com sold the 1-pound tub . It is a terrific value and perfect to have at your diaper changing station .
 This is what we have used when our kids -LRB- I have three , one still in diapers -RRB- have a little redness in the diaper area . It goes on clear and there is no mess . This usually does the trick , if it does n't , we go to Triple Paste . I highly recommend this to be on your changing table !
 Flawless transaction . I was not able to find the product in a number of stores , but found it on line within minutes and ordered it . Great communication , and item was delivered within the time frame I was given at the time of purchase .
 I Have more than 7 year using this A+D Diaper Rash cream for my Kids and if the best for the girls .
 A&D ; ointment is how old ? Older than Boudreaux 's Butt Paste by far . I have tried both . A&D ; -LRB- Original , orange package -RRB- will always be my favorite . My son does not have frequent diaper rashes , but when he does they can get pretty painful for him . I used A&D ; and it is always very gentle . The price is definitely over what it should be , but you are paying for quality . Balmex is decent as well . I have the huge jar of this , which is messy to stick your hands into but works the same as the tube form.I love it ! Better than the kind with Zinc , by far . Possibly I am not a fan of Zinc ?
 This is all you 'll need for diaper rash . I use a generous amount at just about every diaper change and my children stay happy and their skin is healthier . It has cod liver oil in it which is great for the skin and is a much better consistency than the run-of-the-mill white pastey creams . It 's a tad more expensive , but worth the extra cost.I 've never used anything else after trying this . The key is to use a generous amount and put it on a baby wipe , then use the wipe to rub it in . Your skin wo n't get messy and the cool wipe feels good to a baby 's skin.You can also use this for burns , scrapes and to moisten dry skin . A great baby product all the way around !
 Okay , the title says it all - these diapers just do n't leak for larger babies . I love them and use them exclusively for our child at night -LRB- he 's trained during the day -RRB- and have no problems whatsoever . They 're a snap to put on and just are wonderful to use . I ca n't recommend these enough - I 've tried so many brands and these definitely work the best . I have broken too many fingernails changing crib sheets from the results of cheap leaky diapers and so therefore , I highly recommend these diapers , and so do my nails !
 It &#8217; s a produce I use and I love it also the price . I will tell my friends . I will be ordering more soon .
 I had purchased this set for my great niece when she was born because her parents are OSU fans . Now she has a baby brother and he naturally had to have one of his own .
 We use this for our Maclaren twin techno and it fits perfectly inside - very well-made and it survived the airport baggage handlers . It has wheels so it 's easy drag behind you .
 my son loves them very much and we could not find anything wrong about it . Quality is great , no problem after many times in the dishwasher . They do not slip in the child 's hand and they are light and handy .
 This is a great utensil set for kids . The handles are colorful yet sturdy and the metal is not flimsy . I was searching and searching and loved this set , so I bought two !
 This was a gift for my grandson . The flatware set was colorful and easy to use . Highly recommend .
 This is children 's flatware , however , the knife has a serated edge . I bought it for my adult bag lunches , fits nicely into the lunchbag and it 's much better than plastic . Going green .
 This is a cute set for your kids . I cant really say much else lol . They havent rusted and I have had them for about a month . I like them . I dont know what the small spoon is for lol .
 We love the Summer Infant 3 piece Oral Care Set . The finger gum and tooth clean/massager was great from 10mos . to 12mos . While my little ones teeth were coming in , she did n't mind us cleansing her gums/teeth . At about 11mos . when she was really teething , she started using the gum massager the one with the bluehead . After turning 12mos . she loves to brush her own teeth . We have her start and then help her finish . All in all a great product . Easy for little hands to hold . Helps with teaching little ones to enjoy brushing . Product has held up well under normal intended use . 5 stars !
 My seven months old baby girl already has three teeth . She uses the brush the most ; she just loves to chew on it . We put the finger aditament on a rounded stick , and she can use it herself without the need of our finger . Both pieces seem to provide great relief to her gums . The corncob-like one , I think she finds a bit too hard .
 My baby loves this ! I was concerned because he can be quite stubborn and strong if he does not like something , but he loves it and oral care is now a breeze .
 I do this like set . The only thing that bothers me is not knowing whether it is BPA free or not . I liked that it came with the toothbrush , a tooth massager and a fingerbrush.There are a few other things that bother me though ... The tooth massager is almost like a stick and putting that in my babies mouth freaks me out . I 'm sure it 's definitely helping getting his teeth to come out of the gums but I 'm afraid of him choking on it or hurting it in his mouth . I of course hold it but babies love to grab . I really think it 's kind of dangerous.Also , I wish the finger brush did n't have bristles on it . One side just has the regular bumps and the other has bristles . Why do you need bristles on a finger brush ? The finger brushes is for cleaning gums and when they have teeth you go to the toothbrush . The bristles get in the way when I use the non-bristle side . It just seems this product was well intended but not fully thought out .
 To be honest , we have n't used the toothbrush yet , as our little guy has just started to get teeth ... but he loves the heck out of the gum stimulator -LRB- see uploaded pic -RRB- . He carries it around with him wherever he goes , and I 'm almost tempted to buy a second one just as a backup ! We recently tried the fingertip brush and he loves chewing on it so much that a -RRB- it 's hard to use it on his gums/teeth and b -RRB- it hurts your finger . So , if you have a chewer , you might not want to use the fingertip brush!Overall , this set offers a great bang for your buck , and I highly recommend it to anyone .
 I love this because it covers 3 separate stages of teething . first , there is the fingertooth brush for those first couple teeth , which is sturdier than previous ones I 've purchased . Then you have the gum soother , that my daughter just likes to chew on by herself . Then you have the toothbrush with the handle that makes it easy for her to hold by herself also . Great product !!
 The best part of the kit is the little gum/teeth rubber brush that you put on a finger . The rest is really so-so
 Seems to be a great set for baby 's first teeth . We 've mostly used the over-the-finger brush , but have moved on to the handled brush . I have to hold it close to the top , or else he 'll grab on and start waving it around . The teething handle is also great to gnaw on and can reach molars . Try dipping it in some food to make it more appealing . Helps with diminishing the gag reflex too !
 My son is going to be 18 months and he still loves his baby teeth brush . And the little gum `` lolly pop '' is EXCELENT !!!!! A lot better than the other kind of baby teething toys . I 'd STRONGLY recommed this product .
 I bought two packs for both of my baby daughters and they are easy to handle and simple . My older daughter loves the handle .
 I really like this set . My 6 month old likes chewing on the gum stimulator , and she let me use the finger toothbrush on her gums . She liked chewing on my finger while I `` brushed '' her teeth . I 'm extra cautious to make sure she does n't gag herself , but that has n't happened .
 This oral care set is my baby 's favorite toy . He always likes to chew them . Round grip on the bottom of brush fits perfectly on my baby 's hand . Highly recommended !
 My daughter was 10 months old when I got her this . I brought it after my friend , a mother of a 15 month old reccommeded it to me . My daughter loves the gum stimulator . It helps children when theyre teething so that it hurts them les . I reccomend it to whoever has teething children .
 The best thing i found about these toothbrushes are that they are not a straight long typical brush , because these bow out into an oval it makes it harder for a child to accidently swallow or push too far back into their mouths . i only really used the two brushes rather than the finger brush . finger brushes just dont cut it for me in teeth cleaning so i just gave that one for my daughter to chew on since its rubbery and she did enjoy chewing it , but i did n't really use it to clean her teeth . these ones i feel the most comfortable giving to her to walk around with to munch on .
 It 's so easy to clean my sons teeth now ! He used to cry when I cleaned his teeth with a wet washcloth , but when I use the finger toothbrush he smiles and loves to chew on it - same with the gum stimulator . They 've held up well to his teething .
 Product is fine , no complaints , but my toddler is not interested in using it at all . He is much more interested in using my electric toothbrush ...
 productos necesarios para la higiene bucal de los bebes , desde q les sale el primer diente
 a nice set but my 10 month old son still prefers my toothbrush ... But it is a nice evolving set and good for teething .
 This 6 Piece Oral Care Set is great for my 7 month old she is starting to stick stuff in her mouth and this is great for her . I can put the little rubber finger on my finger and she sticks my finder in her mouth and as she is chewing on my finger I am also cleaning her mouth all of the other tools are great for her when she gets alittle bigger there is also a teether that she just loves . And the best part of the whole Oral Car Set is that is comes with a stand to hold all of your items . Any parents would like this item as much as the child.I would purchase this for a friend as a gift for her new baby .
 We use the finger massager almost every day . The gum stimulator is a favorite chew toy for our granddaughter when she is teething . Would recommend this to all new parents .
 Okay , I 'll be honest , I did n't have much use for the mirror , and the brush head was a bit large for a baby 's mouth , but the teethers , both the water-filled one and the `` massager '' on a stick , were big hits with my daughter and are again now with my son . I toss the massager in the dishwasher to clean it , and the handle is link friendly if you want to clip it to a stroller or jumper to keep it off the ground .
 I bought several of these for my 7 month old . He likes it when I brush his little teeth with these and I think it helps him get used to the idea of brushing and dental care for the future . Super easy to use .
 How weird , the photo does n't show the fabric book holders ! This is a terrific hybrid ... toy shelf bins meet book case . Presto . Ultimate storage solution . We 've had one for months and are soon to buy another . No more books everywhere and more accessible for our toddler to get at in the fabric holders ... they 're spread out nice to we can see all the books lined up . Nicely made ... highly reccomend
 Your breast pump is amazing . I can express my milk quickly and painlessly and it has allowed me to breastfeed longer . My milk production has significantly increased .
 I bought an ISIS manual pump first , it was good but the neck was very fragile , and it broke after a few days . Later I bought this pump -LRB- with less than half of the ISIS price ! -RRB- and it has been working great since . It sucks well , it is quiet and has a great feature
 I bought this for an upcoming vacation and decided to give it a couple of test runs before the trip . So far it seems great . I pumped over 4 ounces in under 10 minutes and it was easy and painless -LRB- I should mention that I do have a fairly good supply in general though -RRB- . If it keeps working this well , then it might replace the bulky and messy electric Medela pump that cost 10 times as much . We 'll see ?
 I am so pleased with Easy Comfort , I absolutely love the fact that you can move the handle around when your hand begins to get tired . It is so easy to use and does n't hurt at all , which is a thing I was worried about . I highly recommend this pump . It is efficient , quiet and comfortable .
 A friend recommended this one to me . It took me a few minutes to get the hang of it but once I did , I really liked it . It is the only pump I use now . It extracts milk just as quickly as the electric pump -LRB- maybe even better -RRB- . My hand does n't get tired and I am not tied down - I can walk around and do other things .
 This pump is ideal . I was able to retrieve more milk with this pump than any other automatic or manual pump that I have tried . It is so much more convenient to use a manual pump , as you are not tied down to a chair by hoses . You can use this one with one hand while you 're walking around the house , unloading the dishwasher , or whatever . It 's small enough to fit in your diaper bag or purse if you are out . It 's adjustable so you can have a little or a lot of suction .
 I have owned many pumps during the last 6 years and 3 kids , and this is one of my absolute favorites . It has lasted , it is easy to use and easy to clean ! very handy for trips ! I love it !
 At only $ 19 for a manual pump versus $ 45 for the Avent , this Easy Comfort Manual Pump was a steal ! My Avent was such a pain to put together and I was forever putting in the valve upside down or it was falling into the milk . I thought I 'd give this one from The First Years a try . I 've been using it for 9 mos now whenever I need a quiet , portable pump -LRB- in the bathroom stalls , or in the car -RRB- and LOVE IT ! just make sure not to separate the handle from the blue rim or boil it and you ; re all set -LRB- it 's noted in the instructions -- that part does n't touch the milk any way -RRB- . I do boil the other parts to sterilize -- shields , bottle , and stuff . This First Years manual product is a great alternative to the more expensive Avent Isis which is a nightmare to assemble with the handle falling off on me all of the time , and the tiny plastic valve of Avent if not in correctly , not allowing and suction or falling into the milk . The First Years manual is a Great pump .
 I too was a user of the ISIS Avent breast pump and mine broke at the neck as well . I read the review on this pump and thought what the heck why not try it , it is only -LSB- $ $ -RSB- . Boy am I glad I did ... I think it is much easier to use !! I will recommend this breast pump to anyone ! As far as the women who wrote and said her hand hurt from the pump , if you make sure that you tighten the top as much as possible , once your milk lets down you can just hold it in and your milk will continue to flow . I also feel that it took less time for me to pump out 5 oz which for a working mom is a plus !
 This pump was mentioned to me by a neighbor . She too had breasfed exclusively with her first child and said the Easy Comfort by First Years was perfect for those times between feedings or when your away overnight -LRB- which does n't happen often -RRB- . I have n't had any problems , and highly recommend it .
 When I had my third child I bought the First Years manual breast pump and I have to say it 's been the best . It 's so easy to use and painless !
 I really like this pump . I had been using a manual Ameda pump for months and I really did n't like it . Before that , I used an Ameda electric pump -LRB- rented from the hospital -RRB- and that did n't work well for me either . My Ameda hand pump broke about 2 months before I planned to stop breastfeeding , so I did n't want to spend much on a new one . I wish I had bought this pump long ago ! It is easy to use and I find that it does a great job expressing milk quickly . The only drawback -LRB- which is why I gave it 4 stars -RRB- is that the blue collar on the pump handle is hard to tighten sufficiently enough onto the pump unit to prevent low suction problems . There is an arrow on the blue collar that is supposed to line up with an arrow on the pump unit , but no matter how hard I turn it , they never line up . But as long as I tighten it as hard as I can , it works great , even though the arrows are not aligned .
 I bought this pump and at first I had some trouble with it . but after learning how to disassemble the pump and fix it my self it is a great pump . the pump is very simple and quick to fix . The bottles are not standard size but you know that before you buy it . so I just transferred the milk to regular bottles . I think it is worth the money . It is better than the electric Gerber pump I have which is terrible .
 This pump works exactly like the Avent breast pump , except the neck did not crack on this one like it did on the Avent one . This one expresses the same amount of milk , and the handle even turns so that you can reposition it when your hand starts hurting . However , a few days after I used it , the suction was not as strong and I found out that the plastic suction cup that 's attached under the pump handle kept slipping off , so the suction action would decrease . But , I contacted The First Years and they are shipping me a new handle today ! Overall , I am very satisfied . What 's even better , I would have purchased this one before the Avent one because it 's half the cost !
 I bought this pump today because my pump-in-style advanced wo n't be here until next week and I have to go back to school thursday . I used it as soon as I got it home . I does the job , and for 19 $ you ca n't beat it . I looked all over for a low cost pump and it was hard to find ! If you only need to pump every once and awhile go ahead and get this one ... but if you are going to pump full time I would go with an electric .
 This product was convenient , and very simple to use . I would recommend to any new mother . Good price , good quality .
 This pump was the first I have ever bought and I bought it thinking that it was going to hurt because my mom gave me the impression that using the breast pump is the most painful thing but when I tried it ... there was no pain at all . This pump is very quiet and small enough so that you can just stick it in your baby bag when you go out . The only problem that I had with it was that I think mine was defective because when I first tried it I could n't get any suction at all . I could n't figure out what was wrong with it . So my husband had to take the whole thing apart ... turns out that the handle was n't assembled right .
 By far the best breast pump for the money with customer service that beats every other pump out there!This is my fourth child and I 've been through a lot of breast pumps -- Medela Mini Electric -LRB- painful ! -RRB- , Whisper Wear -LRB- useless -RRB- , Evenflo -LRB- even more useless -RRB- but this modest $ 20 pump out performed all of them . When a part broke after I had owned it for a couple of months , First Years sent an immediate replacement ! Because I needed to pump that day , I bought another pump -LRB- they were out of First Years pumps and so I had to purchase an Evenflo at $ 40 ! -RRB- that was totally worthless and all but kissed the postman when he delivered the part I needed from First Years . : -RRB- This pump is perfect for occasional use -LRB- I use it once , sometimes 2 times a day -RRB- , does not hurt ! , and the handle is truly ergonomic , unlike the Evenflo model which claims to be ergonomic but which cramped my hand almost immediately . I 've never had any operating problem with this pump , no parts falling off , no complications in assembly and the handle is a dream to use compared to other manual pumps.Yes , the storage containers do n't accept standard sized nipples , but I do n't use bottles anyway so it was n't an issue for me . For whatever reason , my son even at three months old , much preferred a sippy cup to a bottle.All in all , I have to say this is the best $ 20 I ever spent on any baby item , I 've gotten my money 's worth and their service is unbelievable . In this day and age you tend to expect the worst and this was just such a pleasant and amazing surprise ... they stand behind their product and make it easy to address any isses . That alone is worth it to me ! I do n't have time for hassles , products that do n't work and lackluster service . . I 'd much rather spend time with my kids .
 I like this pump a lot , so far it 's been worth the 20 dollars I spent on it , it 's easy to clean and carry around . I definetely recommend it .
 I 've been using this pump almost daily for over 2 months and I love it . I fill the pump in a matter of a few minutes , It does n't hurt the nipples or the hands and the handle easily maneuvers to a position that works for you . I have n't had any problems with it at all and if I did it 's cheap enough that I 'd just go out and buy a new one ... LOVE IT !!!
 This is a good pump to make an occasional bottle for your baby . I have tried the Isis , and this works in about the same way . It is very simple to use , and there is no pain involved because you control the suction with the handle . On the plus side , there are n't as many pieces to deal with as the Isis and it is very simple to put together . On the flip side , the first time I used it milk did get in the handle , causing suction to decrease but thanks to the previous reviews of this product on Amazon , I immediately knew how to correct the problem . As other reviewers have said , you simply open up the handle and dry the milk out . The second time I used this pump , I was careful not to tip the pump and did not have any problems with milk getting into the handle . I also want to add that the Isis bottles do not work interchangeably with this pump . You will need to transfer the milk into storage bags or bottles to store or to feed your baby.If you have to pump on a daily basis , you 'd be better off with an electric , but for occasional use , this one is great . It 's half the price of the Isis but works just as well . A great value for a very good product !
 I bought this pump for using at work and for taking on a vacation . It was extremely convenient , and I loved using it !! That 's why I was so disappointed when I started having some problems with the suction . Because of my previous success , I was n't ready to give up on it and called the First Years Parent Service for help . Their customer service was awesome and they talked me through a cleaning process which brought my suction back to life !! To save other moms -LRB- who might be having the same problem -RRB- a phone call , here 's what they told me . I took notes , so for anyone interested : - To check for milk in pumping mechanism/to clean the inside of the pump ; twist the blue rim to take off the top . Then flip it over and line the little blue hole up with the middle of the handle and pull the two pieces apart . Then I just took out the clear plastic part and handwashed the inside parts of the pump separately.-To put back together ; place the clear plastic part back into the blue part . They told me to rub my finger around the edges of the clear plastic to make sure there were no air bubbles -LRB- not doing this step was the reason I was having problems with the suction !! -RRB- To attach the two pieces , make the hook on the white handle , clip under the white `` push pin '' . In order to twist these two parts together , its important to flip it over again and line the little blue hole up with the middle of the handle , then twist a half way around so the little hole is furthest away from the handle . In attaching the handle to the rest of the pump , just line up the two arrows , then twist so that the arrow on the handle lines up with the line on the other part.I 'm still using this pump and its working great !! I would definitely recommend it for the on-the-go and busy moms !!
 This is the second manual pump I 've used . My other one is the avent isis . It is decent for twenty dollars , my isis has started to wear out a bit , the suction is n't quiet as strong after three months of use . I 've been using this for about a month.There have been some problems . One I lost suction after a while , fluid had gotten into the pump mechinism . So I took it apart and rinsed & dried it -LRB- it says to call them so they can tell you to put it back together it was a breeze to put back together if you ever had an isis breast pump -RRB- . Two it is hard to take the pump off of the clear top it may be in the instructions on how to do it but the trick is to put your thumb & middle finger on the blue part & twist . -LRB- Note
 I am very , very pleased with this pump . My hands never tire . I have been using this pump for almost two months . I recently returned to work and I still use it . It only takes 10-15 minutes to pump both breasts , about 7 to 8 ounces to start . It works well and is very easy to clean . All parts are washable . Very easy to put together . Simply put - a great pump . I love it . I had an Evenflo-HATED it ... it hurt and sucked hard . I am glad that I tried this pump . There are only 4 parts , even your baby could put this pump together . A little bit of info , you can wash the handle -LRB- if you get milk in it -RRB- , regardless of what the packaging says . Just take the pump apart and wash the blue cup and the plastic cup and dry thoroghly . Then re-assemble the pump handle . It 's that easy . Buy it . I got it from the Babies R ' Us Store in my city .
 I like this pump !! I used it for the first time last night and it felt comfortable . It did not make me feel uncomfortable or hurt while I was pumping . I would recommend it for anyone to use on a daily basis who has a good , flowing supply of milk . For the price it does a wonderful job .
 I bought this pump after my first , the Evenflo Electric , broke . I needed a new pump in a hurry , and I was n't concerned too much about the quality . Becuase the cost was so low , I was surprised at how well it has worked . There are few parts , and everything fits together well . I am usually able to pump about 2-3 oz per breast in the mornings , and I have gotten as much as 5 oz . The downside is that there are no nipples for the storage bottles , but it is easy enough to transfer the milk . This is just a great little pump , adn I am very happy with it .
 I found that this pump was very comfortable . The pump is little and quiet , no motor or cords to contend with . This allows me to use it descretly in bathroom stalls or when the family travels . .
 I bought this mobile before reading the reviews -LRB- which so far are leaning negative -RRB- and I 'm glad I did because I probably would n't have bought it otherwise.I saw other mobiles costing $ 40 and $ 50 , but did n't want to pay that much . This one is inexpensive yet is quite nice and well built.It 's true that the music volume is too loud , even on the low setting . But I fixed that in less than a minute by taping a piece of cardboard -LRB- which I cut from the packaging -RRB- over the speaker hole . This part is hidden , so you ca n't even see the cardboard.Somebody complained about the elephant -LRB- ? -RRB- switch on the mirror . Yeah , it 's a bit `` squishy , '' but it does work , and honestly I doubt toddlers will even use it . All it does is toggle the music from song to song.The one thing to be aware of is that this mobile ca n't be attached to a play yard . It will attach to virtually any crib though.I wanted to use this mobile for a play yard , and so I built a decent stand for it out of a $ 2 heavy duty -LRB- Bankers Box brand -RRB- magazine file . Just cut a round hole in it , attached the mobile , and tied the tube coming from the top of the mirror to the opposite end of the box with string in order to give it support -LRB- keep it up straight -RRB- . Then put a 5 lb weight in it . I set the box on a end table sitting next to the play yard . It works great !
 Our baby loves this mobile . It plays music for a long time , and we have never had to change the batteries in the 8 months we have been using it -LRB- unlike our first baby 's mobile , which needed new batteries monthly -RRB- . We like the feature that allows us to remove the arm , and toys , but keep the base attached to the crib so the baby can fall asleep to the music even after she has outgrown the mobile -LRB- pulls the toys off , etc -RRB- .
 I 'm yet to figure out what it is , but from 2 months old till now at 6 months old my son is just totally fascinated by this very simple crib mobile . So much so that even when you do n't turn it on he just lies there looking at it laughing and making those noises babies make when they are well entertained.This was definitely a GREAT !!! buy .
 We decided to purchase this even with the bad reviews because of the cost . It is great , no issues putting it together . the sound is fine . there is even a volume switch so you can turn it down a bit . the music plays for 15 mins and then turns off . Our daughter loves it . Perhaps they have updated the unit because the bad reviews about horrible speakers and no volume control seem to be solved .
 The mobile is great I only wish that there was a volume control . My daughter 's room is right across the hall and we can hear it even with the door closed . My daughter , who is 7 months , loves watching the different `` charms '' on it with the butterfly being her favorite ; she 's always looking at it . The mirror on it is also great . Once she finds her reflection , she starts making faces at it , then turns to find the butterfly . It is a great mobile to have .
 i would have to agree that i was very happy i did not read the bad reviews on this item before i purchased it.i read them shortly after placing my order . i found the one review very helpful in the fact that i also went ahead and placed a small piece of cardboard over the speaker to dull the sounds . it sounds very good that way and the bright colors are very nice and vivid on the mobile . i looked around everywhere to find a well priced item cuz i dont have a large budget with 2 small children at home and i was very glad to have come across this item.i recommend anyone who views this item to take the chance on purchasing it because with one small very convient fix it was the perfect mobile for our family and i think it could be used by just about anyone . i hope you find this information helpful
 One of the few toys that my baby is actually entertained by . i 'd tried several other mobiles this is the first one that 's actually caught his attention .
 My son is 6 months old and has been in love with this mobile since day 1 . I dont know what it is about these little guys on it , but they make him smile . My son can be half asleep and I will put him in his crib and he sees his `` buddies '' and will start smiling . The music is great , plays long enough and its at a good volume . Mind you , his crib is in our room and I can fall asleep with it on . He falls asleep to it every nap and I have had to change the batteries only once in 6 months .
 I had my matching mobile that went with my crib bedding set . But it was the one I had to turn and it would only play few seconds and stop and then my baby would start crying . This musical mobile is cool because it uses batteries and when you turn it on it goes on for about 15 minutes . It has 5 pleasant songs and my baby likes it a lot .
 i liked it very much and my baby too . she loved it looking on it when lieing in her bed .
 * colorful and easy to assemble * bright colors and turning objects * a fun mobile
 I purchased it a month ago and it still working great . In addition , the price was suitable for my budget . The mobile is rotatable and have 6-7 different music tunes with two sound volume levels . It 's just wonderful to have this mobile . Also , the shipping was fast .
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 This purchase met all my expectations . This was a great deal for the amount of money I spent ! Thank you !
 delighted , just what I was expecting , vessels are very cute , my friends loved him for his girls , thank you very much hope to buy soon bye greetings
 I like these cups , princess and different from what you will find in the stores . I love that all the playtex lids are interchangeable !
 These cups work great and my daughter likes them . I hate cleaning the extra valve , but it does its job and keeps the cup from leaking .
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 We bought the pink waistband for out daughter who has gas and stomach cramps and cries whenever she is bloated . As soon as we warm it up and put it on -LRB- fairly tight , but not too tight -RRB- she calms down . She sleeps much better with it on even though it 's no longer emitting heat.The only thing we might complain about is that my husband does not like the chamomile smell of the heating pad . But neither I nor our baby mind.BTW , we got it when she was a couple weeks old and she is four months now and we still use it.We would definitely recommend this to babies who have gas pain or are colicky .
 this product really helps to relieve baby 's belly pain . I really like this product and so does my little girl . .
 I never thought something would be able to provide the type of relief that a bath does for my daughter , but this product provides the same stimulative relief that the hot water from the bath does . Anyone who has a child with colic knows that the heat from a bath helps greatly to release that trapped air and they pass a tremendous amount of it and sometimes even have a bowel movement because the relief feels so great ! It 's nutz what heat stimulation therapy does for a baby 's colicy tummy . Buying this product has helped so much ! 20 seconds in the microwave and boom , it 's done ! If we have another child with colic , we 'll purchase this product again , 100 % for sure ! I would reccomend it to anyone ! My daughter was only 4 lbs when she came home , and this fit her very well since it has a velcro closure that connects one side with the other . I really wish I would of known of this product for our first daughter ... poor baby had to suffer for the 1st 3 months of her new tiny life . Anyone with a baby struggling with colic should definitly use this product for their little one ... and the price is just right , however there just is n't a price you can place on pain relief for your newborn !!!
 I purchased this for my daughter when she was pregnant with her first child . She said that it was the best gift she received . It works great . Her son had daily stomach problems and the happi tummi settled him right down and everyone got to sleep
 This product has saved my sanity !!!! I did research on colic and always kept seeing this product being suggested . I had tried something similar for my neck and knew it did wonders for tight muscles . I tell ya , we do n't go anywhere without this and would probably buy this as a gift for every future baby shower .
 I now have three VERY happy -LRB- happi ? -RRB- great-nieces and nephew who have each benefitted from this great uncle 's gift of a Happi Tummi . Their parents have been very appreciative and tell me their kids even want their Happi Tummi on for their naps , now , too . I highly recommend this simple and effective product .
 This works great for my 5 month old baby when he is gassy and fussy . My only complaints are that since it velcros in the back it is hard to secure it on tight when I am getting it on him myself , also it is really long and big for him so the velcro barely meets , and he is not a small boy . I ca n't imagine it fitting a newborn well .
 My son would cry every evening from about 4 to 9pm . The first time I used the Happi Tummi he imediatley relaxed and stopped ! Honestly he looked ` high ' he was so calm . . :-RRB- I would put it on him snug and cuddle him up against me to give that added pressure and comfort . Luckily he 's much better now , but happi tummi was a life saver !!
 I do n't know if this is just luck but my son who has terrible gas slept on his own for the first time last night with the happi tummi ! Before this he would wake up repeatedly from his gas pains and would only go back to sleep if on mine or my hubby 's chest . We did n't want to continue this for safety concerns so I trie happi tummi and I 'm praying this is it ! I think it just provides that extra comfort and hopefully he does n't figure out he 's not w mom or dad . He 's 7 weeks and gave me 4 and 5 hour stretches last night !
 When I read the description I thought it was worth a try so I ordered one for my newborn triplets to share . Needless to say , it only took two uses to realize I needed two more . After that , I told all my friends and family and they too have discovered the joy of this amazing product . It works IMMEDIATELY ! If you are expecting , know someone who is expecting or have infants ... . YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS !
 This seemed to offer a little relief to my granddaughter , but when you are dealing with a colicky baby its hard to tell . So I am up in the air on this one . Certainly didnt hurt or make her any unhappier . So since it is an inexpensive item overall I feel it is worth it . I continue to use it , but if you are looking for a miracle cure I dont think there is one .
 my son is now 9 months , but for the first 4 months he used this quite a lot and it helped to ease his colic tremendously ! I gave to a friend and she had same good reults . Just purchased another one to give my my sister in law who is expecting !
 I bought this with the Windi and feel that this is so helpful for my son 's gas . I just heat it up in the Microwave and put it on him . He even starts to calm down a lot when I start to put it on him . It works much better than the Windi for our uses . I think it is a great product for a gassy baby !
 Excellent product ! The warmth of the pouch once its heated and the light smell , not only helps relieve the stomach pain but it also soothes and relaxes the baby with the smell . I highly recommend it . Just make sure you test the pouch once you get it out of the microwave inside your arm , before you put it on the baby , some microwaves are very strong and 7 seconds or less may still make the pouch too warm for comfort.Great natural solution to the colic and gas problem of the baby !
 My son had colic and would scream for hours a day and stiffen up . We used the happi tummi when these spells would start and it helped calm him enough to where he would fall asleep . I wish I would have had one of these for my other 2 kids . . Happi Tummi Removable Waistband - Blue
 This is n't necessarily a cure for colic , but this product has certainly helped my little guy -LRB- and mommy -RRB- get through his colicky , fussy periods . I usually combine it with gas drops , pacifier , and then hold him close to me . Definitely one of my best baby product purchases !
 Smells wonderful . Relaxed mama . Was pretty useful in calming our little guy down for the most part . But it was not a cure-all . If your kiddo is already aggrevated , this will probably not help . Got ta get it wrapped on his belly before he reaches the point of mental breakdown . Using this with bouncing on a exercise seemed to help . Easy enough to use , but be very mindful of how long you microwave it for heat . Our fail-proof way was to take the herbal pack out of the fabric wrap , microwave for 15 seconds , put back in wrap and put on baby .
 This is one of the best gas relieving products on the market . I purchased this for my neice for her first child . She used it when he was fussy and gassy . The warmth provided comfort and the aromatherapy calmed him down . I buy it for every new mother I know .
 I was amazed at how well this product works . For about a month my son would get really bad gas and just scream for hours . You could just feel his super tight little tummy and imagine his pain . The gas drops did n't really do much after his tummy got to that point so I tried this tummy band . It was amazing how quickly he would relax and drift off to sleep . Other reviews mention the band leaving burns on the baby 's belly , I always put the band on over clothes and followed the heating instructions and not once had a burned baby belly . The only reason I did not give this product 5 stars is it is a little tricky to keep the band from riding up . I want it to just stay on the belly but it shifts easily and can be tricky to readjust . Otherwise I would recommend this product for babies suffering from gassy tummies . Plus it smells good too .
 We used the Happi Tummi on our daughter from 1 month old to 6 months old when she would get fussy from gas . I would keep a onesie on her and wrap this around her after placing it in the microwave for 25 seconds . I would then wrap a blanket around her and hold her . She would go from fussy to asleep in less than 4 minutes . I did n't worry about the item burning her like a heating pad and the warmth made her gas pain feel better . I loved this product so much I started buying it as a present for baby showers .
 It really works to calm down our colic-y baby . This , combined with the five steps in `` The Happiest Baby on the Block '' have saved our sanity .
 We love this product . I purchased it for my niece . She was having 2-3 hour long cholic fits at night but not anymore . Her crying sessions due to upset stomach are maybe 45 minutes long . I love the way it smells too . I took the recommendation and only warm 15 seconds and that 's definately long enough . My sister in law has been using it every night for two weeks and swears by it .
 Our baby has acid reflux and colic . So she ends up with a lot of gas issues . As you know , it is terrible to see your baby in pain . We use this along with gripe water and it is the magic combo . When the really bad episodes hit , the two of these usually work their magic within about 10 minutes . One other note , I often also will do the bicycle with her legs , this can help as well . We are so happy we finally have a solution that helps .
 Great for helping with tummy aches and other colic issues in babies and younger toddlers . The heat moves everything and the herbs help the sinuses also . Highly recommended !
 Our little boy would take 20-30 min . to burp & was n't happy during the process . He also would have gas & would cry for 2 hours every evening . Since we 've gotten the Happi Tummi , he is hardly ever fussy . He burps within a minute or two of putting it on . There even have been a few times it worked instantly . Definitely would recommend it !
 This wrap does n't cure gas but it always makes the baby more comfortable . Seeing my baby in pain is terrible so anything I can do to lessen that is worth it . I will be buying this as a gift for baby showers in the future .
 This really helps my daughter when she is having gas or constipation issues . Would have given 5 starts if the sent packs last longer . I recommend always sealing the pack in a plastic bag between uses
 I like the concept - like an herbal heating pad . I 'm not sure it helped but I know that I will use it again even if just for the heat .
 This worked wonderfully ! Saved us many times . Our infant would instantly stop crying when we would put it on . We love it . Would recommend this to any parent !!! We just passed ours on to our nephew and it works fantastic for him too .
 My husband and I are very pleased with the outcome of using Happi Tummi Colic and Gas Relief Waistband . It relieves our newborn stomach discomfort , calms her down and even helped her poop when we first started using it . I would recommend this product to everyone with a newborn - sooner or later you 'll need something to calm your baby 's upset tummy and this is one efficient way to do it .
 I 'm using it almost every night . My LO has painful gasses every night , I wrap it around her waist before she goes to bed and insert warm pouch when she is in pain . Helps her relax and fall back asleep .
 My third baby was SO gassy . With my first two , we used Mylicon Drops . This time it seemed we needed something more . I read all the reviews on line and the Happi Tummi Removable Waistband - Blue as well as the Hyland colic drops came high recommended.I was excited when they came in the mail and we were able to try them out . The Happi Tummi was easy to use and smelled good , too . I put it on over my baby 's onesie and then swaddled him . The Hyland 's Colic Tablets seemed to work well in combination with the Happi Tummi . Several nights it 's been the only way I can get my baby to sleep . It reminded me of the heat pads they used at the hospital with my first baby -LRB- they had special ones that would n't burn the baby -RRB- . I highly recommend these ! Just remember to take them out on time ! If you burn it even once you 'll need to get a new one ! We learned that the hard way ! my only recommendation would be that they include a spare pack :-RRB- .
 I BOUGHT this because my son Liam is so gassy and he cries all the time due to gas and stomach pain . It really helps because makes my son baby Liam much more able to handle the pain . The only problem is that the fabric its to warm and thick and if is a hot day , he sweats so bad , but stills ok , because it helps him to sleep due a colic and gas pain ...
 Just perfect for our baby . No more colics after heating ... 15 seconds can make a difference ! Life saver ... please try this before giving chemicals to your baby
 used it with my newborn and still using it at 3months . it did help ease gas when she was younger . she doesnt have much gas now but it helps her fart -LRB- she 'd either burp or fart -RRB- , so i put it on her after each feeding . my great grandmother also told me it 'll help shape her curves . -LRB- old wives tale -RRB- as with the herbal hot pack , i have n't used it . but i probably will if and when she gets really bad gas !
 Great Product ! Not sure if its actually the stuff inside that helped or just the warmth but this product worked great for my son ! I microwaved it for 20 seconds and put it on his tummy area but not directly on him - it was placed on top of his clothes and a blanket . the warmth might be too much after sometime so i never wanted it in direct contact - would rec this to anyone !
 When my baby is upset with bad gas , this really helps to calm her . I have used it many times during the night .
 This is a great product . I had 2 boys with colic and could n't have lived without this product . It seemed to help with the gas pains . I would highly recommend this to a friend and have bought this item for many friend 's baby showers .
 Happi Tummi = Happi Baby + MommyI simply insert the pouch into the Happi Tummi waistband and wrap around my baby 's tummy . It seems to calm my baby down when he has gas or an upset stomach . Just pop the pouch in the microwave for about 20 seconds and put over baby 's onesie or jammies .
 As soon as I got it in the mail we tried it out my son went from screaming to smiling in seconds . He has pediatric GERD so he has terrible stomach pains , this has been a Happi little miracle for him . He smiles whenever he sees me coming with HappiTummi in hand . I put it on him and wrap him up and he is sound asleep in no time , which is great improvement on the screaming and flailing around that he used to do . He loves it , so mommy loves it . It was a lifesaver when we recently switched his medicine and we went a couple of weeks before the new one took effect . I do n't think either of us would have gotten any sleep with out this wonderful product . We used it for every nap and every night . Now his GERD is more under control and the HappiTummi does n't get used as much but it has been a must have !
 I was apprehensive to try this product . My son was very fussy and gassy starting at about 3 weeks old . So I went ahead and thought I 'd try this out , hoping for the best . To my surprise this product worked . On several occasions it would calm baby down from a screaming fit and put him to sleep . On other occasions it would help alleviate his pain with the gas . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone needing some help . I also liked the fact that it was all natural ingredients .
 This is an awesome product . My teacher told me she used a heating pad for her baby and I read about this one in a baby magazine . It works !!! Winter is coming up , so I 'm giving this as a gift to all my friends that have babies .
 I tried this with my 1 month old baby and it worked 80 % of the times I used it , but I am a first time Mom and I really do n't know how to recognize the reasons why my baby is crying yet , so maybe that other 20 % that it did n't work was because she was crying for a different reason . I think is worth trying it . I think my baby likes to feel the warmth on her tummy and it also smells really nice after you heat it up , it helps her clear her sinuses too .
 This product is a must have for anyone with a newborn ! This would always help calm my baby down if she was fussy due to gas or upset tummy . Plus , it 's easy to use and small enough to travel with . Great product .
 I bought this in desperation and doubted it would help , but to my delight it worked . It is n't a miracle worker , but when all else failed it did calm our little one down and helped ease the gas pain . I would highly recommend for gassy kids . Our son is 7 months and we still use it when his tummy 's upset .
 While the scent is super strong , the warmth helps soothe my little boys tummy . Make sure you use it over clothes and to feel it to make sure it does n't get too hot .
 My baby cried from 10am-10pm everyday . We tried every wive 's tale out there . Here is the secret formula that helped us :1 -RRB- Happi Tummi -LRB- only heat it for 20 sec -RRB- 2 -RRB- Hyland 's Colic Tablets -LRB- very cheap and work WONDERS ! -RRB- 3 -RRB- Mylicon drops4 -RRB- Gripe Water5 -RRB- Fisher-Price Baby Wellness `` No More Crying '' CD -LRB- odd -- but it worked ! -RRB- Bless your heart if you are dealing with colic right now . It will be over soon and all will be MUCH better !
 I think this is a pretty good product . Its definitely worth a try with a gassy baby . We are using Dr. Browns bottles , Hylands colic tablets and this band to help with our son 's gas pains . The combination is helping most of the time . I just need to make a comment about the NICU nurse and mother of 4 who said that this product gave her baby a second degree burn , this would n't have happened if you placed the product over the baby 's onesie or sleeper . The picture on the box demonstrates how to put it on . I am also a former NICU nurse . Common sense helps a lot to prevent these things . This is probably why we need warning labels on almost every product ! Use common sense and you will probably find this product fairly helpful !
 We bought this because our 4 week old son cried all the time due to gas and stomach pain . Although it does n't cure the problem , it makes our son much more able to handle the pain . He still cries , but for a shorter amount of time and it helps him fall asleep . We have been using it for about 3 weeks and are very pleased with the results . Just a tip , only microwave for 15 seconds . This is plenty of time to make it warm enough for our son .
 With a combination of this , colic calm & switching his formula to Similac sensitive my son is a new baby !!! I really like this product but make sure not to overheat or it will burn a little and smell bad ... The only thing i dont like about the heating pouch is it only lasts for so long -LRB- at least the aramotherapy does -RRB-
 I ordered this out of desperation . I think that it has been helpful for our now 1 month old . I enjoy the scent , my husband says that it 's a bit strong for him . I microwave for 15 seconds , then wrap it on over her clothes , then swaddle her arms , and snuggle with her when she 's screaming with gas pains , and usually within 1-2 minutes -LRB- sometimes shorter -RRB- she is much calmer -LRB- and quiet -RRB- . I do n't use it a whole lot , only when everything else has n't worked , so to reserve it for when we really need it . I like it and would buy it again .
 I have a gassy 4 month old and an occasionally constipated 2 year old ... this is supposed to help with both and fits babies through toddlers , so I got one . I figure the price was great if I can use it for 2 kids ! First , I LOVE the smell of the herbal pack . And I like that this is a remedy that 's all-natural . My baby girl seems to enjoy it . I think the scent is calming and the pressure on the belly helps with gas and digestive issues . But what I 've found is that I can use it for much more than just my kids -- it 's a great warming pad for me ! Lower back , cramps , sore muscles , tension headache ...
 this is great if your baby has colic or is fussy this seems too do the trick . and the smell is nice and will even open your own sinus while holding your baby .
 When our son was a newborn he had a really tough time with gas . We hated to see him in pain , so we tried everything . His doctor recommended putting warm wash cloths on his tummy while he lay on his back for a few minutes to let the bubbles come together and then burping him . We had some success with that , and when we saw this it looked like a similar treatment with a little less trouble.It works pretty well . It usually helped calm him down . As a veteran of the Tummy Wars I would suggest this or the warm wash clothes , combined with Baby 's Bliss Gripe Water 4 oz . and Mylicon -LRB- it 's safe to use both -RRB- and comfort from you.It does get better ! Good luck !
 I bought this due to a recommendation from a friend . I think my daughter likes it only for the warmth . It really does seem to settle her in when she is crabby but I do n't think it `` cures '' gas . The smell is light and fresh and I usually do n't like any scent . We do n't use it often but for the price it was worth it during the chillier days when my daughter first came home and wanted to be snuggled up and warm !
 my infant has a very sensitive tummy and this works wonders i put it in the microwave and put it on him at night and he sleeps well with his little tummy warm .
 My 3 month old is a very gassy baby . He was struggling the other night and I wrapped this around his little tummy . He calmed down right away and about 10 minutes later was able to get some relief , finally.I had microwaved it for 20 seconds and tested it on my wrist to be sure it would n't be too warm over his belly -LRB- not directly on his skin of course -RRB- . Just the smell is calming and band stayed warm for so long ... I was constantly checking it to see if it was getting cool but finally took it off after a half hour ... and it was still warm.I give him gripe water whenever he seems to struggle with gas but that can be difficult if he 's half asleep so this band has really been a life saver.Happi Tummi waistband is worth every penny !
 My colicky baby calmed down instantly , does last to for long , but long enough to get medicine or calm him down .
 Lo mejor que haiga comrado , me parecio exelente para calmar los colicos de mi bebe . Y llego antes de lo ke me dijieron , . junto con los otros productos que compre ... . love it . the best
 I was willing to try anything to help my son with his gas/colic . This seemed to work for a short period of time but unsure if it was from the scent , placement of product or the heat . Any how it gave my son relief for 15-30 min when used approx 75 % of the time . It is worth a try .
 This helped my son calm down and relax enough to nap when he was tired instead of waking up from the painful gas bubbles he was having . I only used it for a few months .
 My infant son is content when he 's wearing this waistband . I have never had a problem with overheating/burns ; the lavender scent is calming for both parent and baby .
 My three month old is having some tummy aches after eating . He would burp well , but still have the tummy aches . I tried gas drops but they did n't seem to help . I tried the Happi Tummi and it has been the only thing that helps him . Within minutes of putting it on he clams down and is much happier . Love this product !
 My 3 month old has painful gas and this really soothes him . It smells really nice and calming . The warmth helps him relax and pass the gas without hurting . He usually calms down within 2 minutes and is asleep in 5 minutes . We love it ! The only thing to be aware of is that the packet of herbs that you heat up needs to be replaced after about 12 times you heat it because it looses its smell .
 We purchased the Happi Tummi to help with our sons ' gas attacks . It does n't cure his problem , but does help get through them.Also relaxes him when he is &#34; fussy &#34; .
 Ca n't ask for better when it 's FDA approved and you do n't have to give your gassy baby those gas drops that seem to make them scream louder until the gas passes . I am looking forward to trying this product out , along with swaddling the baby with the miracle blanket ... this waistband and a little light bouncing on the baby 's belly on my lap should do the trick on gassy days . It 's what will work best for me , you should do what I did and just keep magazine shopping and reading reviews until you find that perfect item that sounds just perfect for you .
 I liked the Happi Tummi concept ... the warmth and the pressure really helped my son 's colic -LRB- and helped to keep him warm during the cold winter months -RRB- The only disadvantage for me was that it was too big for my kiddo ... they need to make smaller ones for small babies and preemies .
 The Happi Tummi has really helped my granddaughter . She was having some gas , typical of lots of newborns , the soothing smell and warmth on her tummy helped her relax and fall asleep . I wish we had this when my kids were babies
 I was willing to try anything to make my baby happy . Sometimes it calms her and sometimes it does n't . It does calm the parent too though . I woul dbut it again because it helps get her to slepp . I still may have to hold her , but it does help .
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 I have never posted a review before , but after purchasing this product and finding a lack of reviews out there , I figured I need to put my 2 cents in , in an effort to help others trying to make a stroller decision . First of all , I did not purchase this product on Amazon , but actually bought it at a running store in the mall and have had it for about a month now.Assembly - easy took about 10 minutes maxRoad test - first tried it out on each of my 7 year old twins who weigh 54 and 56 lbs . They stated it was comfortable and I was actually able to push them while jogging NO PROBLEM.With baby - I have a 15 month old and he is the reason I bought this stroller . We first used it for a walk . The swivel wheel is AMAZING - turns on a dime . Love the adjustable seat and the multi-position canopy with vents which is great for protecting little ones from the sun.On outings - have taken this stroller EVERYWHERE !!! To the mall , for walks , at a theme park in Orlando . I have even used it to carry our luggage ! My baby has fallen asleep in it many times , so I am sure it is quite comfortable for him.Running with baby - On flat terrain and down hills this thing SAILS ! Up hills it is a bit of a workout , but how can pushing a 30 lb kid up a hill not be ? The longest run I have been on with him has been a 4 mile hill workout and he fell asleep during the run ! I lock the front wheel for my runs , but some people swear by running with it on swivel . Either way I think it is fine.Storage and folding - super easy to fold . I take off the back wheels in 2 sec and the whole thing fits in my trunk.Bottom line - this is a really good all around stroller for parents who want to run with their kid but do n't want to have 2 separate strollers to do so , as it makes a great ` everyday ' stroller as well . I highly recommend it , and to top it off it is cheaper than a BOB revolution and COMES with a water/key/cell phone tray unlike the BOB which you have to purchase separately . Ca n't say enough good things about this stroller - I am very happy with my purchase :-RRB- .
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 We bought this vanity to replace a less durable plastic vanity . The perfect aged girl for this vanity is 3-5 years . Our daughter is 6 and although she is using it -LRB- for play and as a table to do her schoolwork -RRB- she will probably outgrow it after the summer . Durable construction and nice decorative work . It was easy to put together too . I really like the chair because it is a real chair and not a bench . The built in jewelry boxes which are on the vanity are a great idea because they wo n't fall off ! Overall we are happy with our purchase !
 We bought this vanity for our 3 year old daughter , who loves to play with makeup . This is sooo cute and is something that she will play with for years . We looked at all the other `` play '' vanities and they all looked very cheap . It looks so cute in her room and the chair is to die for ! It is very easy to put together and she loves the musical box that is on top of the vanity . We also like it because she can use any play makeup sets with this vanity .
 This is the best quality product I have seen in a long time . The detail is beautiful and it was so easy to put together . The only flaw is that there is no detail on the back of the chair . So when the chair is placed neatly under the table the back of the chair is plain . Not a deal breaker , but it would have made this set the cutest on the planet .
 Anna is almost five and I did n't want her to miss the enchantment of pretending to be a little princess while she is young . Her parents tell me that she has great time with her make up table when her best friend comes to visit . Earlier , she kept telling me that she did n't have a make up table and I am sure she will use this table to do her homework , etc when she starts school . It is wonderful to be a young girl and have fun , and I am glad I bought it for her .
 I ordered this vanity set for my 4-yr old daughter and I am so impressed . It 's perfect for her size and she loves it . It is well constructed and was very easy to assemble . I would highly recommend this product for any princess ' castle .
 Got this for my little girl for Christmas . We did n't open the box until Christmas Eve to start putting it together and found on the back of the chair two places where the wood was chipped . At that point it was too late to return since this was a gift from Santa . This vanity is perfect for my 4 year old and at this point we are n't going to worry about returning it . I would recommend that you open the box immediately and check for any damage to the product .
 The quality is great and my granddaughter enjoys preparing her hair and &#34; make up &#34; as well as her dolls ' sitting at this vanity . And she loves the chair so much that she moves it around the house to sit in it .
 My 4-year-old daughter is finally into princess things . Before that , it was all Dora . I looked at other vanitys and although the plastic ones are flashy , they are also cheap and breakable . This vanity , however , is very sturdy ! The chair supports my weight at 211 lbs . Comes with 2 jewelry boxes , 1 sings , the other is just storage . The mirror is solid , and the design is simple.Assembly took 10 minutes !!! Easy as pie . All you need is a phillips-head for 8 bolts and that 's it . The legs for the table and chair simply twist into place , no screwing or bolting required . The chair is beautiful and comfortable.This is good ol' fashion fun here . Nothing flashy and fake . Something a child will appreciate and take care of for years to come , and the wood can be easily customized to fit the desires of the child . A + + + + +
 I bought it for my daughter 's 4th birthday and she loves it.It was easy to assemble and Amazon shipped it sooner than expected , arriving the day before her birthday.I do wish that the back of the backrest would have some form of art/drawing though .
 Super easy to put together . Looks great . Colors true to web -LRB- little brighter which is good -RRB- . Just what I was looking for to set up room . Like the music box . Goes well with bench purchased separately .
 If you are thinking about buying a plastic princess vanity , do n't ! I looked at many different vanities for our 3 year old daughter . I bought this one because the plastic vanities reviews claimed they were all very small . This one will last our daughter until at least 6 years old . In my opinion , this is the cutest and highest quality vanity out there . Construction is excellent , the decorations are spectacular , and it is simple to put together . She was so excited to sit in the chair and fill the jewerly boxes . The music box is an excellent touch , every little girl should have a music box . Not enough stars to express how satisfied I am with this purchase .
 After paying the initial amount , I admittedly was somewhat worried . After opening the box and assembling -LRB- about 10 minutes -RRB- , I was very impressed . The construction is solid , painting is very nicely done . The right side jewelry box is a music box , and when I say music box I mean the original music box , not some digital/electronic tinny sounding thing that requires batteries . Yes , you wind it . I love this , but not as much as my daughter she plays with this thing everyday . If you are looking for a memorable gift , this would be it .
 What a beautiful Vanity and Chair ! Very easy to put together and very durable . This is a Christmas gift for my daughter so she has not yet had a chance to play with it , but I know she will love it ! Very happy I purchased this ! Oh and the built in jewelry box is a huge plus ! The seller was also great ! Shipped the item fast without any problems ! Thanks !
 This vanity set is Sooooo much better than the plastic ones available elsewhere !! It was easy to assemble and very well constructed . The pillows for the chair are elegant with gold tassles . This set is over the top!This was a Christmas present . I opened it a little early just to sneak a peek . To my shock , the wrong item had been sent . I had gotten some sort of construction-themed table . I was in a panic , b/c my little princess was going to be pretty disappointed . This was after 9 pm . I sent a email to Amazon 's customer service before going to bed . When I checked my email the next morning , they already had a replacement heading my way . Christmas was saved , and my daughter could not be happier!This is a great product , and Amazon 's customer service could not have been better !!!!
 This product arrived with a slight crack in the seat back but after talking with the manufacturer they remedied this completely by sending me a new seatback without a problem withing 24 hours !!! The whole unit is very well made , exceptional quality and much cuter and sturdier in real life ! It is adorable . Any little girl would love this , my granddaughter loved it !
 First off , the Vanity arrived way sooner than was promised . This made my daughter 's birthday complete . She finds the storage space to be to her liking . The only complaint is that the tassles on the chair like to come undone when tied with a bow . About the only knot that will hold them is a square knot .
 The Princess Vanity is absolutely beautiful ! We bought this for our granddaughter and she loves it!The product is very well made , sturdy and an excellent value ! Very easy to put together too !
 I searched high and low for a vanity for my 3 1/2 year old daughter . She SCREAMED when she saw the vanity . She LOVED LOVED it . It is so sweet and the detailing is wonderful . I was most surprised with the quality . I 'm going to order more from the set . Really fit for a princess !
 When weaning my son off the pacifier , the taggies did the trick . I had noticed he liked tags in his plush toys , blankets , etc , and having a blanket with just tags is wonderful . He details every single tag and plays with them . It became his blankie ! Very portable , lightweight . Would recommend it to anyone .
 I purchased this for my 4 month old daughter at the time because she was always finding the tags on things . She sleeps with it every night still at 9 months old . The tabs are the perfect size for her to loop her little fingers through .
 My 7 month old really likes to rub the tags . I bought it after he went after all the tags on the rest of his toys . I would definitely recommend it to others .
 The person I gave this to and her baby adore it !
 Whenever we give my daughter a new toy , inevitably she turns it around and starts playing with the tag . This blanket is great for babies who prefer to play with the tags rather than the toys . We put it in her crib with her and playing with the tags calms her down so she can sleep . : - -RRB-
 Both of my children have these pillows -LRB- one a cat , the other a bear -RRB- , and they absolutely love them . There would be much trouble at bed time if they were to disappear . We even travel with them to maintain a sane bed-time .
 These were the only paci 's my son would use . Downside is after a while I could n't find them anywhere .
 I bought these pacifiers before my daughter was born , simply because I thought they were cute . These pacifiers stay in her mouth better than any others we ` ver tried and she loves them ! We 've tried other brands and she spits them out or ca n't hang on to them as well , but as soon as we give her one of these pacifiers , she calms down quickly . However , I would definitely make sure that you buy the `` knob '' kind . She does have difficulty hanging on to the nipple on the one that has the handle on the pacifier -LRB- the kind that is n't the `` knob '' pacifier -RRB- . We love these pacifiers !!!!!!
 We did not have any problems with this mat . All the suction cups work fine in our tub . In addition , this mat is very durable we have it for couple of years now and looks like new . My kids always like to have it on the bath when they are taking a bath .
 The product was exactly what we ordered . It ended up not being what my daughter wanted and I had to return it unfortuantely . But upon calling for this item to be returned I was pleansantly surprised at how easy they made it for me.Thank you very much and I will shop with you again ! Sharon
 ordered mobile to go with crib set , its beautiful , colors are light & perfect for a little girls crib .
 Unable to give 5 stars due to not using product myself . It was bought as a gift and while the parents love it I dont have anyway to judge durability or how it functions . But if they love it thats all I cared about .
 This was easy to put together , I did it myself in about 3 minutes and it was easy to attach to the crib . We are expecting our daughter in 4 days so we will see if she likes it .
 My daughter was doing her nursery in brown/pink/white without a theme . This mobile fit in perfectly . It had a cover for the steam leading from mobile to where it was attached on the bed which was very nice .
 I was having a difficult time trying to find any type of dragonfly themed items for the nursery . After I found the bedding on Amazon , the price seemed great for the matching mobile .
 The mobile is very cute , but we hate the musicbox . When we went to attach it to the crib , the muiscbox fell off the arm and landed in the crib . The song sounds horrible on it because it is way too high pitched . We took the musicbox off and just attached the mobile part to the arm and it looks great .
 Jojo 's green dragonfly mobile is a delight in the nursery -- it 's simple design of four polyester filled stars and a tiny ruffle is hardly worth the $ 45 total price tag -- but what can I say -- it 's for my first grandchild !
 I like this a lot . My daughter loves the song it plays . The only draw back is the way the mobile attaches . It is just a little hook . I do n't know how other ones work .
 This is a nice piece to the set , but it requires some assembly ... nothing too difficult , but if you do not like to put things together , the cost may be too high considering the work you have to put into it . I recommend it , along with the entire set .
 i bought this for a gift for someone who was surprised by the sex of their baby . room looks amazing for boy or girl .
 Love it !! It matches the bedding perfectly ! The baby is due December 6 , so we 'll get to test it then . The crib has wide upper rails , so it does n't attach like it 's designed . But , we 're able to get it on there anyway and it looks great . Definitely recommend this addition to the bedding set !
 Baby story is basically a kit to create your own book however you want to design it . I made one for my daughter last year and now plan to do the same for my son . I was very impressed with the quality of the book and how quickly the turn around was . It did cost quite a bit more with printing on both sides of the pages , an extra 10 pages and 3 additional copies for grandmothers . I made a copy for my daughter which she absolutely loves to have it read to her . I only wish I had made my own copy as she did rip out a page already ! Also I tried a lot of use of colored paper like in scrapbooking but found that the pages I left white and used stickers to decorate came out best -LRB- and a lot quicker too ! -RRB- . Great product but expect to have devote many hours to completing it -LRB- not right for everyone -RRB- .
 We bought this booster for our 3 year old daughter based on information in the Toddler Bargains book . I really like how easy it is to install and adjust , but am disappointed in the headrest.One of the points I was excited about with this seat was that it had side parts for a head rest when my daughter fell asleep in the car . However , in real-life I 've found that they do n't work . She starts off leaning on them as she doses off , but once she is asleep , her head lolls forward and rests on her chest and/or shoulder . I think they are not big enough or in a bad position . We have to recline her whole seat to almost a 45 degree angle to get her head to stay back and rest on the head rest.Also , the black `` cushion '' that goes behind the head is a tiny cushion that just attaches to itself through the strap with Velcro . It is easy to lose , easy to forget to install , and attracts hair . This could 've been designed much better.Overall a good seat - but do n't buy it over another booster just for the headrest option .
 I received this pack n ' play for a shower present this weekend and it is absolutely adorable set up . It is very colorful and the the toys are cute . It was very easy to set-up . I am not good at putting things together and it took me about 5 minutes total.The matress comes out so you can put it on the floor with the toys overhead . It is very multi-functional .
 The seller at Babies R Us recommended this playpen over others . I am glad I listened to him because unlike other playpens , this one has a built-in interactive light-up music panel that my daughter loves to look at . It is also very colorful and big , yet light enough to carry by myself . I also put it together within 5 minutes by myself without ever having to reference the instructions , so other mommies will like the ease and convenience of setting it up . My daughter loves the colors and dangling stuffed animals , especially the rabbit . She started smiling at the rabbit when she was 3 months old and singing to it , now she speaks to it . I believe the colors and features are responsible for her brain stimulation and advanced behavior . The only thing I wish was improved upon is the soundbox on the light-up button panel . Although I have it on the highest setting , once you close the back , it does not sound loud at all , I have a hard time listening to it especially when the a/c is on in the house or the TV is on , so I wish they could make the volume go up a little higher since I doubt my daughter can hear it . As other reviewers have said , the bassinette is a lot stronger and sturdier than other playpens ' bassinettes because it attaches to the bars with reinforcements , not cheap and flimsy velcro . The mattress is soft as well , I am very happy with this playpen , now I just need to buy a 2nd one for the other grandma !!
 I LOVE this playyard for the happy , bright colors and the arch . I also love the beautiful classical tunes it plays , HOWEVER , I wish it could have a setting to play for alittle longer to keep the baby entertained while I 'm able to get something done . It only plays each melody of your choice once so you have to sit around & keep pressing the buttons -LRB- four buttons for one short melody per button -RRB- to keep hearing the music . But overall , I do love this playyard and would recommend it .
 This is a great pack 'n' play . It 's easy to set-up and take any place . The bassinet is great - very sturdy and larger than another one that I have . The colors are bright and the music piece keeps our baby 's attention . My only problem is the piece for the top . Whenever I try to use it , the arms bow in and it does n't look very sturdy . I also have trouble using this piece and the mat on the ground . It just does n't seem very sturdy and I have tried everything.Other than that , I am glad that I bought this !!
 We bought this item for our 6 month old baby girl as she was starting to get quite active . It is sturdy , fun , and very secure . The additional music kept her amused and it is large enough that she had plenty of room to roam . She actually started pulling herself up in it a few months later . She loves th colours and sounds and I love the fact it is secure and safe.We plan on using this with our next baby due in a month.It is however a little difficult for moving around . in large spaces it wheels quite well but if you need to shrink it down you pretty much have to take it completely down as when you press one button in the frame seems to just go every which way . I had to move it from the living room to the bedroom a few times and I ended up just folding it completely down and taking a few trips with the base and toys etc. . Also getting all the equipment in the carry case is a little tight , with the extra toys its quite cramped , also there are a few pipes used for the bed area that do not really have a home anywhere , so when packing it up they are pretty loose and you have to watch they do n't fall out -LRB- a bag like a tent pole bag would solve this problem -RRB- . All in all when it is set up it is great , and for the price a lot better then others I saw , as for pack n ' play it is more a case of play , packup , poke and prod , squeeze a little , stuff this in here and that in there and then go .
 This playpen works really well . We wanted something simple - some of the pack and plays are so complicated it makes them less functional . This definitely is simple and easy to assemble . I do n't see the point of the toys on it , even with the basinette in , the baby can only look but not really play with them . We have her own toys we put in with her . We did n't really want this for the toys anyway though .
 Our daughter LOVES this playpin and so do we ! It 's extremely easy to set-up and take down . I love the colors , the stuffed animals are cute and entertain her . The bassinette is large and sturdy and gives her lots of room to move around . The mattress is soft and the pattern is bright and colorful . It 's also not heavy and easy to tote . My only two concerns are with the activity panel , each song is particularly short and even on it 's high setting the music is n't really loud enough . Our daughter is 15 weeks right now so I 'm sure once she 's older she 'll be able to interact with the panel better and wo n't need me to press the buttons.Over all we are 100 % satisfied with the purchase , it is safe , afforable , practical and cute ! I would highly recommend this playpen to everyone .
 My little girl loves this play space ! The colors and over head bar keep her amused for long enough that I can get dinner on or help with home work . The only thing that might make it better would be if the music in the push button play mat lasted longer than 2 minutes .
 I think for your money you get a great value for this playard . It comes with an interactive musical toy that no other playard comes with anything like this . It also comes with overhead bars that you can hang toys from and the baby can play with . The mattress seems very comfortable and I bought this playpen because the bassinet part looked more reinforced than the others . It has bars that snap in place and also has plastic parts that hang over the tops . The mat can also be used as a playmat on the floor with the overhead bars .
 My son loves the colors and ca n't get enough of the musical light thing that came with it . He is even playing with it when he is not in the playard . However , the toys on top are quite pointless . He ca n't reach them and they make it difficult to get him in and out . Otherwise , it is great . Easy to set up and clean .
 Pretty much the same as the other Graco playpens , really . The upside is that theoretically , you get a play-gym within this system by attaching the arch on the bassinet pad and using it on your floor . The downside is that there 's no changing station included with this one - and having an elevated changing pad is a bigger deal than I had anticipated , as it gets hard on your back to lean down into the bassinett for frequent diaper changing during the daytime .
 Great Product . Very satisfied and pleased . We bought this after doing some research and found this to be the best one for our situation . We have an infant that was born prematurely and spend the first 5 months of his life in the hospital . With the Baby Einstein product , we were able to test our baby 's eyesight and physical capabilities with all the bright colors and suspended play area on top . I recommend this product to anyone . Very Happy !!
 Graco Baby Einstein Discover and PlayThis play pen/crib is perfect for visitors or traveling . It was extremely easy to assemble and even easier to take apart . My baby slept comfortably in the bassinet portion and I would recommend this to others .
 After shopping around at the various baby stores and checking out all the competition I decided on this play yard for my grandchild as it was colorful , sturdy and easy to put together . The toys on the mobile are bright and delightful . Other portacribs only have funky toys on the mobiles and have too much in the way of diaper changing accessories that are nice but not necessary . The music it plays is great . The price is right too . I recommend this one .
 Easy to put together ! Our baby sleeps so well in the `` bassinet '' portion ! He 's not old enough to pay attention to the music and animal toys yet , but I 'm sure he 'll love those as well !
 I needed a Bassinet and Playpen for our second daughter . This was perfect . It can be both , is a nice good size but not huge . Very easy to assemble and transform . Bright colors . Love the caterpillar . East to maneuver and push when needed to move.No complaints here .
 Very colorful and easy to set up . A quilted fitted playard sheet to cover the mattress makes this a great place for baby to nap ! Cute toys . Folds and unfolds very easily . Very sturdy .
 This was a babyshower gift to one of my best friends . It is very functional and yet entertaining and stimulating . My best friends little one gets a lot of usage out of this because of all the components . All-in-all , turned out to be a very good purchase .
 Lovly lovly one ! You will find it 's even better than you looked it on-line . We like it very much !
 I just recently got this pack n play as a shower gift from the godmother of our little one . This pack n play has a great vibe to it ... the colors are absolutely fantastic . It 's easy to set up and has the most adorable toys . It is also easy to convert it into the gym . The only complaint I have is that I 'm 32 weeks and I had a heck of a time putting everything into the bag by myself .
 I just bought this at babiesRus store . Easy to setup . My baby loves the bright colors and music . I highly recommend this to anyone .
 This graaco baby einstein discover and play is amazing . I purchased it to use when our niece and nephew come to visit and they love it . The top piece can be put on the floor to play with also . Their mom says that they love ours more then hers . :-RRB- I would definetely reccommend . It is easy to assemble and I have n't had any problems with it !
 I put this together when I was still pregnant by myself . It was very easy to do . It is easy to put down and put back up . I love the detachable toys . It keeps our little guy busy.The reviews about babies not being able to stay in it long , DUH you are not supposed to keep babies in these for long periods of time ... they like to be held ! LOL
 Just ordered it for my grandson , I wanted to be prepared for his visits . Very nice , easy to assable , very sturdy , love the colors !!! . Easy to fold and move around . Happy with this purhcase .
 I got this as a gift on my baby shower & was so happy to receive it ! This playpen is so wonderful , very colorful & sooo easy to set it up . I 'm pretty sure our unborn child will be thrilled about it . I received great reviews on this gear also so do n't be dissapointed to grab one like it !!! awesome playpen !!!
 LOVE , LOVE , LOVE IT !!! This product really does grow with your child . The toys are great , the music is soothing , it 's easy to clean , I can put it together and pull it apart with ease -LRB- and I AM NOT a handy person -RRB- I would highly recommend this to everyone looking for a playard .
 I love this little playard ! I bought this for my first grandbaby . I 've searched and searched for the perfect one and I found it ! Just love it .
 Not only does my son love bringing the monkey with him to the potty , he sleeps with it too ! I have to turn it to demo mode at night , because he does n't sleep . I have memorized the board book that came with the monkey , it is a short little rhyming story , so it is easier for young children to remember as well . I have helped lots of kids learn to go potty in my years as both a mom and a child care provider , but my youngest son has been a true challenge . Though he still has a little to learn , this toy has made the work more fun and productive . My favorite part is when he sings the song ! I think I play with this thing as much as my son does : -RRB-
 Our son takes to this sometimes and other times not , but it is helpful reminding me to remind him to use the potty . It definitely reignited his interest in the potty in general . The only warning is that this toy takes LOTS of batteries . Do n't pull it out like I did and get the kid all excited about it unless you have batteries for both the potty and the monkey . This was not the solution , but it was a great tool .
 What a cute idea - monkey see - monkey do ! The monkey has an adorable voice , which is good - he talks a lot . He can be programmed for times so it can be better tailored to each child . My son loved flushing the potty and the book that came with it . I think this is a great idea , and have recommended it to friends .
 We are still working on potty training but the monkey is really cute and my little one cares him around and when he announces he needs to go potty she knows it is time !
 I originally bought this as a gag gift for my next - door neighbor . She was wearing Depends by the time the song came on . I also showed it to my son , proud papa of Viv , age 2 . I am ordering one for her for its real purpose and let 's hope it works . I will undo your WAY TOO SAFE packaging before gifting . Very frustrating ; and the toddler would have an accident while waiting the half hour it takes to set it up ! But Monkey , potty & books arrived in perfect condition . WARNING
 This product is very helpful when you want to train your kids for Potty Training . Me and My wife use this all the time and my son is learning to inform us that he wishes to use the potty .
 On my own I could not get my child to stay on the toilet for longer than a minute . The Potty Monkey really helped with this . We set up his toilet next to hers and he would encourage her to sit for long periods of time . We left him in the bathroom and when his alarm went of asking to go to the potty we would go into the bathroom . It was helpful and fun .
 I found this when I was looking online for potty dolls to use with my 2.5-yr-old son . The dolls that wet are expensive and I figured all he really needed was something to teach how to use the potty and definitely something more fun than a doll . He loves monkeys and I thought this was a really good deal for what you get . I was even more impressed when I got the product . Son loves the board book , the parent book has good info and the monkey is good quality and cuter in person.I actually never put batteries in the potty part because I did n't have a skinny enough screw driver to reach down into those little holes to get the batteries in that thing . I love how the monkey says all the different things and how he asks to go to the potty and the child is supposed to put him on the potty . My son loves when he sings `` Tinkle , tinkle and poo-poo , I feel better , how bout you ?! '' Too cute !
 Potty Monkey has been a great asset in the potty process , it is a very simple toy but seems to have helped our daughter at least grasp the concept of potty . It is also really cute !
 I have a child with special needs and the task of potty training is taking its toll . It has been too many years in diapers with too many rug doctor rentals and ruined mattresses that my sanity can not take much more . I have been looking for ANYTHING that might be a novel way to help , and found him on amazon after looking at potty watches that I was disappointed to see the watch got horrible ratings . The monkey came up on recommendations.First let me say , it worked right out of the box and my daughter wanted to sit on the potty right away ! WINNER ! She was delighted with her new potty friend.There is a kid book that comes with it , and it is super short , but super cute , and would work well with very young kids and/or kids with special needs . My daughter loves the mirror in the back of the book to show how proud she is of herself . There is a parent book that I guess is important for some people , but after 8 years of trying to train , I have become an expert on the many facets of potty training . No biggie . I am sure goodwill will be delighted to have it.It also includes the monkey and his own potty . The monkey has two timers that you choose by a switch on his battery pack imbedded inside and accessible by a velcro closure on his back . He has a cute kid voice and he can remind your child every 30 minutes or every 90 minutes that he needs to potty . If you do n't take him to sit on the potty when his timer goes off the monkey tells you he really needs to go . The monkey will tell you again two more times with increasing urgency . After the third time he tells you , ` Uh oh , I had an accident ' and reminds you to please try better next time . It is a friendly message and no big deal.If you DO take him to sit on his potty , he has several cute phrases and songs to keep your kid amused while learning potty skills . As long as he is sitting there he will continue to encourage and be cute . He comes with a little cloth diaper and a set of underwear . Honestly the underwear/diaper things are not any different , other than one has blue stars and one is plain white . Pull ups will probably be with us for many years to come , so I dont really harp on the underwear deal , but maybe in time.The monkey 's potty has a flush button that makes the flushing sound that your kid has to push on their own to make it flush . In other words , it is not automatic or related to removing the monkey from his throne.Now for the cons . They are minor and I would still buy this again and recommend it to friends.I wish the monkey had a wipe reminder , a flush reminder and hand washing reminder when you take him off the potty . We just add that to the ritual on our own . Once you take him off he does not really have that much to say until the next timer goes off reminding to go potty . Wiping , flushing and hand washing is something my typical child still has a hard time remembering , and I am hoping to get it done with my second child . It would have been nice to have this incorporated into the monkey routine.Besides that , I only have one big complaint about the monkey . I considered taking two stars off , but I was able to fix it , so I only took one star off.The monkey speaker and potty flush speaker are excessively LOUD . His voice resonates in a small bathroom and the flush is loud enough to be a little scary . To be fair , many toys have this problem now days . For kids with special needs it can be very intimidating if they have sensory issues . But I have dealt with it for many years and have learned how to handle the situation.The GOOD news is the solution is cheap and easy and works for the monkey and many other loud toys ... . Duct tape.Cut a couple squares and layer them on top of each other to cover the speaker on the potty and on the internal monkey speaker . You can get white duct tape if that matters to you , but it is not that noticeable . The potty 's speaker is on the underside and it took 3 squares layered on top of each other to get the desired sound level . The monkey 's speaker took a bit more effort because I had to dig it out of his stuffing underneath the battery pack . You have to wrap the tape a couple of times around the entire speaker encasement because just putting the tape on the front does not muffle the sound enough to be an acceptable level . I just wish the manufacture had given parents the choice of a softer sound like some other toys , but do n't let that stop you from getting a great tool to help with potty training.My last little complaint is getting to the switch to change the timer on the monkey or shut him off is a small annoyance . You have to pull out his battery pack from behind the velcro strip in the back each time . It 's a minor thing and just something to get used to.In the end , -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- I am glad I bought the monkey and I am looking forward to seeing the results . So far , so good .
 The potty monkey is a wonderful training tool and does a fantastic job teaching them to go regularly without a parent having to constantly remind them . By teaching the monkey , they are empowered . Great product !
 I bought this for my son who was being potty trained . He slept through the night with out accidents , but had them here and there . So I bought this toy , and it was the best investment I have ever made . The timer goes off , and the monkey says it has to go potty , and to take him to the potty . My son took that monkey to the potty with him every 30 minutes . And it really only took a week for my son to be fully potty trained . I tell everyone I know about this . I feel like I should work for the company because I have suggested it to tons of people . LOVE THIS !! My daughter is ten months , and when it comes time to potty train , she will be using the potty monkey like my son did .
 I have two children . My oldest did not need the potty monkey to potty train . My twenty month old son however just loves his monkey , and I am enjoying it as well . For me the monkey is a remiinder to take my son to the potty every thirty minutes or so . This is important for providing consistency , which is something I suck at . I take the potty monkey and his little potty with me on longer trips -LRB- more than an hour -RRB- so that I can remember to train my son . I am not expecting any type of miracle from the monkey , potty training can be difficult , and my son 's urologist has already warned me -LRB- twice -RRB- that due to a spinal cord issue my son has that potty training may be more frustrating that normal . So I am just thrilled to the moon that my baby enjoys having his monkey with him when he goes potty ... or tries to go potty . In fact , he insists on having his monkey when he is in the bathroom ...
 The monkey 's verbalizations can be annoying , but he has renewed our almost-two 's interest in her potty . She quotes his sayings and sings his song over and over.An older child might make use of the diaper and panties , but we 've just abandoned them as too much trouble . She 's quite happy with him `` as is '' . Some reviewers stated that keeping Monkey on his potty was difficult , but we have not had that experience . From the first time , she has had no trouble seating him and `` making the connection '' so her monkey `` recognizes '' he is on his potty .
 This is a fun educational toy that is needed by most every baby I 've met .
 I bought my 13 month old this for Christmas . Overall very satisfied.Cons
 Let me tell you , as a mother of a 3 year old stubborn boy , this product works ! I have purchased tons of products from he expensive to the ridiculous , out of desperation . I always had this product in the back of my mind . . boy I wish I had bought it first !! The Potty monkey gave my son the right words to use and gave him a friend that HE could help potty train ! The idea of the timer is genius because it alerts him as well as anyone within earshot to go to the bathroom . My son is 97 % potty trained and I am overjoyed ... I recommend this product to EVERYONE !
 My three year old daughter wanted nothing to do with the potty until we got the Potty Monkey . The very first day with the monkey she actually used the potty ! Very happy with the product .
 Got mine a gift . It 's a cute setup of monkey toys and books . It has a lot of helpful advice and tools for helping with kid 's bowel and bladder habits including toilet training -LRB- sometimes hard to do ! -RRB- Overall , would recommend to parents with young kids or as a gift to expecting parents . Only drawback I could see
 We think the potty monkey has been great helping teach potty training . However , I recommend placing something over the speaker for the potty to dampen the sound . If this speaker is placed near the ear , the volume is way louder than it should be and is a potential hazard for hearing damage . I recommend the toy but to dampen the speaker somehow . Hopefully the manufacturer will read this and fix this issue in the next round of manufacturing if they have not already .
 The Potty Monkey is AMAZING !! My little boy was so excited to get the monkey to the potty everytime he said `` I need to potty '' , really made the potty training much easier . After a while , the novelty of it wore off and he wasnt ' as excited to take the monkey , but he had already developed his own awareness of when he needed to go so the use of the Potty Monkey did exactly what we were looking for . I strongly recommend this to everyone ! Money well spent and it is n't expensive . We did approach trainig with the 3 day intense potty training method - which the Potty Monkey fit right in with the 30 minute timer . Nothing will make potty training a breeze , but boy did this little monkey make it easier for us . I had read some reviews complaining about the tail , we just kind of swirled it around to keep it out of the way , was n't really an issue . Hope this helps you and good luck with your adventure in potty training : -RRB-
 I was searching for a potty timer , and after reading reviews for Potty Monkey , decided to give it a try . My nearly 3 year old son loves monkeys . I love the concept and frankly , it is effective in teaching the basics . My son was n't quite ready to train when I first used it , but I 'll be using the monkey again in a couple of months once he has turned three . The voice on it and the laugh are both a little creepy . And yes , after a while of it whining at you about needing to go potty , it does get annoying . But , my son took the monkey to the potty nearly every time it prompted him to , which made it helpful for getting my son to the potty too . I 'll update my posting once we use it again . This time the Potty Monkey and my son will run around without underwear - it 's such a pain to get the potty monkey underwear off in time , and pretty much the same for my son ! BTW - the tail does get in the way , but we just push it up along his back so that his bum can make contact with the potty .
 This has turned out to be a great tool for potty training my daughter . She loves the monkey and of course we have to take it everywhere . Which also means I carry the monkey 's potty around in my purse ! But hey whatever works , right ! :-RRB- so far so good .
 Great mobile . Easy to attach to the crib . My son loves watching the animals move around and he loves the music it plays . Highly recommend .
 You must have these if your taking a toddler in the pool . They really do keep the poop inside the diaper , not the pool :--RRB- It gets a little runny but theres nothing you can do about that , being submerged in water will do that , but they work great if you catch the poop early enough .
 These Swim Pants are a great buy for my nephew because he likes to pee alot while swimming and we bought washable swim pants but then after awhile of using those and hanging them to dried or washing them . . we finally give in and tryed these and we love them !!
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 The board was exactly what was needed to set up the Angelcare monitoring system . Works perfectly ! Was delivered before the monitoring system and I ordered after ordering the monitor .
 It 's just a plain board , that you can definitely purchase at a local hardware store . I was expecting something a little different , considering it was $ 25.15 with shipping , maybe a logo or something fancy on it to make me feel that it was worth it . However , I cant complain too much because although it is annoying to see what it is , the company recommends to buy this board , and you ca n't take a chance when it comes to a baby , so I would have paid hundreds for this stupid brown board , and you should too .
 This is a plain board no frills and works with the BeBe monitor I purchased . I do not believe this is expensive . I would not use cardboard in it 's place , as I have seen on other reviews . It works and it was worth the money to me . I do not think you can put a price on peace-of-mind .
 I love this bag . Its easy to wipe down , I have even spilled milk inside it and clean up was quick . There are SEVERAL pockets . The wipe case does feels cheap but I did not even remember it coming with one when I ordered it . Has a nice padded strap , clips for the stroller , and a clip for your keys . It has everything I could have wanted , including tiny feet on the bottom to keep it from getting dirty when it gets set on the floor . I would recommend this to a first time mom . I have two kids and I wish I would have known about it with my first . I did not pay $ 119 for it but I think its worth it considering how many bags you will go through to find the right one .
 Great bag , totally worth the money . I figure I 'll be using it for quite a few years through a couple babies at least , so I might as well have something that lasts .
 I recieved the bag and have contacted the company a couple of weeks ago regarding an O-ring that was missing . The company `` Miss Fritzz '' responded that they would contact Fluerville for a replacement . I am still waiting for a response from Fluerville . I followed up with a second email to Miss Fritzz and sent an email to Fluerville myself but no further response from either company . I rate the bag 4 stars for the design just that the bottle holders are a bit small to accomodate the wider ones . As far as customer service no stars since they have not responded yet after a couple of weeks .
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 I thought i 'd be the first to rate it because i know i had a really hard time finding any reviews on it.Well let me start with how great it is . i was mostly looking at the Combi 's because i wanted a bigger stroller that folded like an umbrella stroller . the problem was that i had a hard time finding one that had a tray for my son and was n't $ 300 . I bought this stroller about a week ago and love it . it is the size of a standard stroller and has a tray the size of one as well , but folds like an umbrella stroller . Do n't let that fool you though , it 's a little bulky but it still does n't take up as much room as and regular standard stroller . My son is 28 months and fits in there with room.Now the only drawbacks is that the straps around the belly do n't get very tight . At it 's thightest my son can still climb out of the sraps . Also it does n't have a parent cup holder , not a big deal though you can buy one at Wal-mart for 5 bucks , i 'm also going to see if the Peg Perego cup holder will fit , being that they are just about the same stroller , minus the cup holder.I would recommend this stroller to any one who wants all the bells and whistles as the more expensive Peg Perego . But if you really want a parent cup holder and do n't mind paying $ 350 instead of $ 159 , then get the Peg Perego
 I do n't know what the complaints were about , concerning this item , but it worked perfect , for me ! The instructions & hardware were all included & the full-size bed fit perfect . These 2 rails saved me from having to buy another bedroom set & will last my son for years to come ! Great Buy !!
 These rails worked perfectly and were about $ 40 cheaper here than on the company website . Yes you will need a boxspring or to nail additional boards horizontally to have the mattress fit , but I 'm not sure what people were expecting ? I was angry at having to buy them at all because the conversion crib we bought for our daughter in 2007 came with everything and 3 years later my sons bed did n't so we had to buy these , but that is what it is . They fit great and the whole conversion from day bed to full size bed took about 45 minutes .
 I have n't even opened this package yet , but I purchased it in advance for when my little one eventually needs the railings to extend his crib .
 I have n't used these yet because my son is still an infant , but wanted to make sure I had them for the bed conversion . They did ship in a very timely manner and appear to arrive intact and as ordered .
 We have not used the rails yet , it will be awhile , for now they are basement bound . This item arrived undamaged , no scratches or marks on the finish . Hardware was nicely bagged up and taped to inside of box . The two rails `` match '' each other -LRB- in that there is not some major variation in the color of finish -RRB- . I will update further if there are any major issues .
 Boy your kids really grow fast ! now it 's time to get a full size bed and if you purchased the 4 in 1 crib this is a great purchase .
 i recieved this in perfect condition , no dents , scratches , etc. my son is not able to use this yet but wanted it because i 'm afraid it will be harder to find later when he 's older . the color matches his color bed frame perfectly .
 Got it in good time at a great price . It is just what I ordered so the seller did its job . Thanks ! Only thing -- and this is solely about the maker -- conversion kit does not come with an across slat so if planning to use bed for adults , you 'll need to add/create that part for yourself in order to make sure their weight does n't cause the mattress to slip off the rails . Otherwise , the railings match the headboard and footboard perfectly and look great .
 We bought these rails to convert our Emily crib -LRB- Espresso -RRB- to a full bed . They work great . The conversion process was fairly painless . The full bed looks good . We are happy with it .
 Perfect size and color for crib . Ordered now in case discontinued , but will be perfect once baby gets bigger and need toddler bed .
 These were purchased to go with our crib . Ordered now in case not available at later date . Once used will update review . They appear solid .
 One of the bolts was just a touch difficult to get in place , but once that was done , the transformation of the crib into a beautiful bed was complete . Honestly , our son 's bed is now nicer than our own bed , no joke . The only reason I did not give 5 starts was the difficulty of putting the one bolt in place , which I read that some other people had similar difficulty .
 The rails worked just as we had expected . We never expected just to use a mattress , who does that anyway ? We bought an inexpensive box spring and mattress and have n't had any problems . -LRB- no need for wood slats -RRB-
 A perfect match to our daughter 's bed . Very good quality product . The wood is sturdy and made well . We were lucky and able to get the cherry wood which is what her bed originally is .
 If you liked your DaVinci Crib -LRB- and I loved mine -RRB- you 'll like these bedrails that turn it into a full size bed . They are sturdy and the mattress sits right down onto the rails with no metal in sight . It is also easy to assemble . My husband changed my son 's toddler bed into this full sized bed in less than twenty minutes . A very good product overall and the value is n't bad considering you 'd pay more than this to buy a whole new bed .
 DaVinci Full/Twin Size Conversion Rail Kit - CherryI bought one for each of the matching cribs I bought . Both are still in their boxes . babies are still too small.Should be a great set up .
 We have n't actually used this yet , but purchased it for my daughter 's crib along with purchasing the crib . Like the crib itself , the kit looks sturdy and well-made . It comes with all the necessary attachments .
 These rails are still back in their original wrapping/box since we bought them . Hey , baby is n't ready for her full size bed as yet . I did inspect them and found the quality the same as DaVinci Emily Convertible Baby Crib which we really liked . Color matches perfectly with the crib and construction is solid although the wood finish scratches easily as other reviewers indicated .
 Have n't used these yet , but we love the crib , and love the fact that our newborn will have the same bed for most of her life ; -RRB-
 DaVinci cribs are nice wood cribs that convert to a full -LRB- or twin -RRB- bed . But to convert , you need the Conversion Rail Kit . We converted our Emily crib , the full bed is a nice piece of furniture for our child . We had no need for the toddler bed / crib anymore . The full bed does n't look like a manipulated former crib . The Conversion Rail Kit seems like it 's an original part of the full bed . So this Conversion Kit is a ` must have ' item if you own one of the DaVinci convertible cribs and want to get the max mileage out of it , especially when you have matching dressers .
 We decided to convert the Da Vinci Kalani from a crib to a full sized bed and ordered the rails -LRB- white kit -RRB- from Amazon.Rails were delivered within two days and looks great . In some ways , I expected more for the price rather than two wooden side bars and bolts . I knew that the kit would come with no slats but it would have been nice if Kalani -LRB- MDB -RRB- had designed the crib so that it could accommodate a mid beam and include that with the the kit.Fixing the rails is relatively straightforward . Requires a bit of dis-assembly but 30 mins or so and I had the crib converted to the full size bed frame . My wife and I read to our son before he goes to bed so it was imperative that we get some slats or a box spring to support our weight.First stop was the local Ikea store to see if I could get slats for the frame but unfortunately all the full sized slats require a beam in the middle so it was a no go . I decided to get a little creative and went to Home depot and got 8 1x3 '' boards and had them cut it down to the exact width -LRB- 52 1/4 '' -RRB- . This leaves a 1/4 '' gap to the side rails . Next , I ordered ~ 10 yards of 1 '' white nylon ribbon from Amazon and used a staple gun to staple the wooden slats at 9 '' intervals on both sides . The idea was this will keep the slats from sliding outwards on the frame . For the first and last slats , I nailed in plastic spacers to prevent the slats/nylon ribbon from compressing towards the center . The whole assembly is now quite taut and hopefully work well . Total cost for the slats + nylon assembly ~ $ 40 . I have added a couple of images .
 It took about 45 mins to transform the toddler bed to a ` big girl bed ' . Everything fit together perfectly . You do need a full box spring and matress . The box spring is what rests on the rails and supports the mattress.My only complaint is not with the rails , but with the total design of the bed . When it was a crib and then a toddler bed the parts linked up in different places . Now as a full bed these places are exposed and show some wear .
 If you use a box spring with the full size mattress you do not need to worry about having any support or adding any additional support for the bed which is what I read as an issue in other reviews . I did not give it 5 stars because the bolts that came with the conversion crib rails were actually the wrong size and it actually took my husband a little extra time to realize that the some of the bolts used in the crib assembly -LRB- thankfully we save these -RRB- were able to work . I do n't know if this is how it is supposed to be or if ours was a fluke . The instructions are very very vague . Otherwise I am very happy with how our crib/toddler bed converted to a full . YOu really ca n't tell that it was once her crib !
 These rails turned the bed into a full size bed ... but as others mentioned , you still need a support system . First we thought that a box spring would be sufficient , but it was n't . The whole set -LRB- box and mattress -RRB- fell to the floor while my son was in bed ... I just ordered a metal support system from -LSB- ... -RSB- . Hopefully it will do the trick . I really like the full bed and I want it to work out ... Here 's the link for the support system . Hopefully it will help somebody ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We ordered one kit to convert my daughter 's crib into a full-size bed . It 's easy to assemble and it looks good . You do need a spring box or some sort of slatted bed base to support a mattress . After stacking a spring box and a mattress , the bed is higher than what I 'd prefer but we can live with that .
 We purchased the Kalani convertible crib when our son was born in 2008 and it was great as a crib , great as a toddler bed but he was ready for a big bed already so we ordered these and they are perfect ! They look wonderful and were easy to convert . We bought my son a new mattress and full size box spring and they fit perfectly . I guess if you are n't planning to use a box spring you might need something else to go across to hold the mattress but we had no problem with that . LOVE IT !!!
 We really like the color -- light Navy color.It is 100 % cotton as we expected.fit the crib set pretty well .
 Excellent deal , quality bedding at a very good price . I am very pleased withmy purchase .
 I bought it for my unborn baby boy , so far it perfectly fits the crib and the quality seems good for the price -LRB- $ 22 -RRB- . the thread is 100 , so do n't expect it to be very soft , but it is 100 % cotton .
 The plus of this set is that the bumper is very plush and the height is also good on that and the minor minus is also the bumper , the corners of the bumper do not exactly fit to the corners of the crib for us to tie the threads . The quilt and the crib skirt are also good and durable .
 i purchased this for my 10 month old son , i love it . good price for a 3 piece set .
 This is a great price for an all cotton crib set -- except for the fillings of bumpers . I guess no bumpers are made of cotton fillings . The quilt is soft , I have n't washed them yet .
 I bought this on sale price of $ 25 and I 'm very happy with the product . The crib bumper is tall and thick enough so that my active baby will not knock her head in her crib . The quality of the comforter is OK . I just do n't like the ruffle . The fabric quality is OK , it 's not soft for baby but for the price I 'd say it 's still a good buy .
 This is the third bathtub I have purchased for my now 7 month old son and every time I use it , I declare my love for it . It is spacious , comfortable -LRB- when you use the infant mat in the tub -RRB- I love that I can rinse him with clean water from the shower head which is gentle and he loves the spray , I love how easy it is to wash his hair ! If he 's fussy , I turn on the spa jet and he literally kicks back and is happy to let me bathe him ! A big difference from the baby who I could almost swear was trying to drown himself in the old bathtub by flipping over and struggling with me trying to wash him ! I love that I do n't have to fill up my entire bathtub to fill his tub , I love that it wo n't mildew and that I can wash the infant sling when needed . I totally reccommend this bathtub !
 We love this bath tub and shower . It makes it so easy with the shower feature . It 's great for getting her head wet with out getting water in her face . I love the temperature feature which lets you know how hot the water is and what temp it should be at . The only thing that could be better is the shower spray handle is a little uncomfertable to use . Other than that we love it !
 This little bath tub is amazing . It has various stages for newborn to toddler . My niece did n't fuss at all while receiving her baths in this tub . The shower provides perfect pampering without bombarding the child with alot of water . Would strongly recommend . It can be sat on a countertop to provide the parents with level washing .
 I love this bath tub it is probably the best thing that I have bought for my son . I love the sling I can take it to the hotels , when I visit my family , and if I do n't feel like bringing out the tub . My husband loved giving my son his first bath . It was so easy for him to bath him with the little shower . I take the jet and use it in my bath for me . Haha ! I do n't regret pruchasing this item at all .
 THIS SPA/BATH TUB IS GREAT ! IT WORKS WONDERFULLY ! BABIES LOVE IT AND CAN BE BATHED EASILY IN IT !
 I read a zillion negative reviews about this tub on Amazon and Babies R Us . . for this reason I did not put it on my registry . However , I ended up getting one anyway and I must say I love it ! The shower head and jets work great , and the tub itself is a perfect size . The sling that comes with it is pretty worthless , but we did n't start using this with our daughter until she was 6 months and sitting up on her own - so we never even used the sling . She just sits right in the tub while we bath her . Mom , Dad and Baby like the spa : -RRB-
 I bought this as a gift for a friend and she loves it ! The attached soap compartment is something every new mother needs !
 I got this for our new son -LRB- we have two others -RRB- . I liked the colors and the little toy feature . He loves it . He is very comfortable in the sling . I read that some people felt the raised area in the tub is uncomfortable , but I find that readjusting the sling to your child 's weight or sitting the baby up a little higher in the sling works perfectly to remedy that . My baby looks forward to bath time . Glad I made this buy .
 We have used this since the birth of our baby and have never had a big problem with it . The sling for a newborn worked well for us , the only thing I did n't like was the second stage , where you remove the clips for the bottom of the sling and just let it sit in the water . It seems like they could have designed this better . I never had a problem with the `` bump , '' as when I started using the second stage I would put baby 's bottom behind the bump where it should be and shifted the headrest up a but . Once baby could sit up I had no problems at all . My child is now 15 months and still fits in the tub . The toys that come with the tub are also very nice . Our favorites are the pelican and the starfish .
 This tub makes it so easy to bathe my infant . When she was a new born the sling came in handy . The tub has a `` bump '' that many people complain about . I like this bump because it makes a little seat for baby . I feel my daughter is safe and I do n't have to worry about having slippery hands .
 perfect bathtub for our new born son . being a 1st time mommy i was scared of bathing him . but this helped me & helped me not being scared that he would fall into the water deeply where the water would be in his ears . so this was definitely the best bathtub for my son until about 6mths old
 I got this for my first daughter and have now used it for my second also and will be using it for my third . I only use it till the baby can sit up in the bath tub at about 7 months or so . The only thing I did n't like about the sling part was when I put the baby in it , the seat part made a red mark on their backs . I fixed that by just putting a cloth diaper or hand towel on the seat part . All in all , a very good bath tub .
 This bath tub is good . But somehow my baby never liked sitting in the bath tub for taking bath . May be some babies do n't like taking bath . . : o -RRB-
 I love that bathtub and my baby really enjoy it . she is yet 19 month old and still sit in it and play.its easy to bath the baby or a toddler .
 Good design , easy to use for new mothers of newborns as the sling gives the baby support and mom less anxiety . Still useful as baby gets sturdier and mom gets more confident . Comfortable and well balanced with thoughtful little extras .
 I do n't understand some of these negative reviews , my daughter is now 4 months old and has used this tub since she was a newborn , the hammock and the tub itself is great . The smaller end with pillow provides great support for the baby
 This is a wonderful tub -- if you follow the instructions for the hammock . I 've used it for two kids now . I am so tired of people giving things bad reviews when they are using the product wrong . The hammock part is for an infant up to 10 pounds . If your child is crying because of the `` bump '' and you ca n't get the hammock to tighten any further , then it is probably because the child is too big and needs to go onto stage two where the baby uses the hammock as a head rest , but sits on the incline of the tub . I actually put a picture of this position in the customer photos of the product . All of these reviews where the babies are bigger and still using a hammock is unsafe . Please read the directions before you use a product .
 I really like this tub . I first bought the Summer Infant bath with the spray , and while I still really miss the spray , this tub is MUCH MUCH better and makes bath time less stressful . I bought it after my son was a newborn , so I did n't get to use the sling feaure . Right now he is using the sling as a back rest and sits up in the seat . WOW that makes all the difference ! He can sit upright and I can bathe him much better than before . I can use both hands , too . The toys that come with it are a great little addition , it helps with washing hair and getting baby clean . -LRB- but the toy that attaches to the side is kinda useless ! -RRB- The drawbacks are that it does n't look like it will truly hold a toddler but we will see . It 's hard to wash the back of it b/c of it 's shape , but that is minor . Also , the plug does n't drain the water at all , you have to hold it up to get it out . Other than that , it 's a great tub that does n't take up much space . And it really does look cute . I would reccommend this over what I used to have b/c you can sit the baby up . that makes so much of a difference ! It 's a little too expensive but pretty well worth it .
 This is ideal for very small babies , not bigger babies -LRB- 3-4 months plus -RRB- becauise it gets a bit uncomfortable for them . There is a bump in the middle that is the problem , but its also a sign that you need to change th position of your baby in THIS tub and start thinking about washing in the regular tub .
 I was n't sure if I wanted this bath tub after reading some of the reviews , but I got it as a shower gift.I am so happy that I did ! My son was not a small baby at birth , so we did n't have issues with his size . He lies on the hammock and does n't float at all . It 's nice cause I have my hands free to wash him while he lies in it . He 's 3 months old now.I put in in our bathtub and sit on the side of the tub while I wash him . That way , I can open the drain on the baby 's tub when it 's time to get out . To keep him warm I keep a washcloth on his chest while I bathe him . He loves his bath !! When he 's bigger , I 'll probably just wash him in our kitchen sink , but for now , this bath rocks !
 We have used this tub since our son was a newborn - I checked reviews for quite a few brands and although this one was mixed , I decided to go for it . It is still working well for us at 5 months ! Points I would note : - The sling works very well to keep a newborn -LRB- ours was 8.5 pounds -RRB- in the water but secure . I did n't worry about him sliding around at all . - Once my son grew a bit -LRB- by 12 weeks or so -RRB- , to deal with the `` bump '' problem -LRB- of it hitting his back -RRB- , I improvised by turning the sling around so the head was by the wider part of the tub . It just takes some minor adjustment of the straps . - Recently -LRB- at 18 weeks -RRB- I have loosened the straps for the bottom side so my son is essentially sitting in the wide part of the tub -LRB- kept from sliding forward by the bump -RRB- but reclining on the sling . This is great because it still keeps his head out of the water . Later I think we 'll be able to ditch the sling entirely , but I have been grateful for the innovation ! - The toys are fine but not that great -- we just use generic bath toys like rubber duckies . - For those concerned about the cold air , we found that as with any bath , warming up the air in the bathroom a bit helps quite a bit , as does putting warm wet washcloths on the baby 's tummy.Overall , I wo n't give the tub five stars because it takes so much finagling and the toys are n't that great , but we have really liked it generally . And one last point -- our baby really seems to love his baths in it too ! I would recommend .
 All good . My baby loves it . But if I remember correctly , the product description says that it comes with a baby-toy that can measure the water tempretuare , but there was n't anything like that in the package .
 I really like this little bath tub . Its perfect for a new born all the way up until your baby can fully sit on his or her own . I had put the tub by the kitchen sink until he was old enough to play with toys . . then i put the tub in the big bathtub with the water running through it . He loves it !! Although my son is sitting on his own pretty good . . i 'm still nervous to put him in the big bath tub . The attachment on the side is a good idea too !! It works great for washing out the shampoo on his hair and it never gets lost !
 I love this tub ! I bought it before my daughter was born and have used it ever since she was 1 month old . The hammock worked great at supporting her full body , then once she passed the 10 pound mark -LRB- as recommended -RRB- we removed that completely and placed her in the small end . The recline on that end is great for infants who ca n't hold their head up , and the hump in the bottom of the tub keeps them from sliding down . We kept her in the small end even when she could sit up by herself because she would slide around in the larger end when she would move . The recline is also a great benefit , as you can lay your child back to rinse out their hair . Our daughter is now 16 months old and is able to sit in the large end - she still slides around a bit when she splashes as there is quite a bit of room , so I switch her back & forth between ends to ensure she feels stable , although the sliding has never phased her ! I will agree with other reviewers that there is no `` toy with a thermometer for testing the water temp '' , it 's simply a gadget that attaches to the tub and holds the other 2 toys . ** Overall , it 's a great tub for anyone who likes products with multiple stages -LRB- 3-in-1 , etc -RRB- that grow with your baby ! **
 We have had this for three months . Our daughter is smaller , and was just 10 pounds at 2 months old but she is LONG . She loves this tub . The `` bump '' has never given us any issues.This is the best hammock tub I have ever used or seen . No need for sponges that get moldy or gross quickly.We gave our daughter her first baths in this tub , back when we were supposed to only `` sponge bath '' because the hammock kept her belly and cord dry . She loves lying in the water and hanging her feet over the edges of the hammock . Bathtime is one of her favorite times.The sprinkler and cup are nice and we use them with each bath , and I love how they attach to the hook and tether , so that when we drain the rub and lean it up against the wall or stash it in the closet , the cups are attached and we do n't have to worry about them.She is n't sitting up entirely on her own yet so we have n't used the tub without the sling . But just for the three months we have used it , it was well worth the investment . We initially used it on the kitchen counter , but after about two weeks we started sitting it inside our bathtub . It 's a nice product ! the mesh sling dries quickly between baths , unlike a sponge.UPDATE
 I like this bathtub because I did n't have to worry about my baby sliding into the water without me holding her up when she was really little . The sling did a great job of making bathing simple when she was small . My only complaint is that there is little room around the sling to get your hand in to get some water on a facecloth or in a cup . Once my daughter was old enough to sit up we went right to a bath seat and did not use the deeper part of this tub .
 I got this tub because I liked the idea of a sling for the small newborns . I was very impressed when I was able to put him in the sling and he could lay there very comfortably . The support of the sling allows babies back side to stay warm in the water , but he is not going to slip down in it . It is also much easier to use than trying to bathe a slippery newborn while holding them.Now that he is about 3 months old , the bump in the middle of the tub was hitting his back . So we have taken the sling down on one end . He sits in the seat portion with the head rest of the sling and loves that he can splash and play . I recommend this swing for anyone who does n't have 4 hands to hold and wash a baby !
 I ordered this for my 4 lb Preemie boy and it was a wise decision seeing him grow . It grows from very small babies to older ones . The fabric and plastic is good quality and comes equipped with a few toys too . I would certainly recommend it to Parents shopping for a bath tub .
 I love this tub , and my daughter too !!! Great Price , beautiful and very comfortable.Absolutely recommend it .
 The net that comes with the tub was just what we first-time parents needed to feel secure about bathing our baby . That 's the big reason why we purchased this tub . Now that baby 's almost four months old we have been using the tub without the net for a while . So now I wish there was a `` stickier '' flooring on the tub as baby is slipping around in it more than he cares to . I add a mat of non-slip material to the seat when we bathe him and it seems to help.M ...
 This tub is great . Buy it . It makes bath time much easier . The hammock allows for just the right amount of water for newborns and infants baby .
 The pillow is a little overstuffed to keep my new son 's head steady . I wish the pillow alone was removable .
 When my son Hayden was born we thought this tub would be perfect for him ! It was pretty fair priced and looked like a good bathtub.When he got home from the hospital we rested but days later he got a bath ... HE HATED THIS TUB!His foot would get caught and he would scream.I thought any tub could have done that but again we gave him a bath and he was okay with it that time but we are still very cautious about this tub .
 This is a very good product , quality is good and the price is great . Good baby shower gift , great colors and additional products suggested when you purchase , go great too !
 My LO Ben loves taking a bath in Fisher price tub . The hammock keeps the baby comfortably in the water without his whole body being totally submerged . Creates a wonderful bath time experience . Ben is 3 months and we just lowered the hammock and moved him to the second stage . He now loves that he has plenty of room to splash !
 We received this as a baby shower gift . I had not intended on purchasing a baby tub like this and was uncertain about it after reading poor reviews for it . I was concerned about the hard plastic on his back.We started using the tub from week 1 . We put him in the sling and he did n't seem to fit right in it . The pillow seemed to be up a bit too high and I realized why people are so concerned about the hard plastic . If I had put his head in the pillow , his back would have been right on the lip of hard plastic . So , we moved him down a little so his butt sank deeper into the water and his head was below the pillow . He was a happy baby and enjoyed his bath . We put him in the sling up until about 2 months old when he was around 13 lbs and just under 25 inches long -LRB- he is over the 90th percentile for both height & weight -RRB- . We removed the sling and sat him up in the back of the tub . He gave a little cry at first , but calmed down fairly quickly . We realized that you need to leave the sling in , but remove the bottom attachments so that the sling sits on the bottom of the tub and the pillow is behind his head . The sling will also hold some water to keep his back a little warmer than the cold plastic of the tub -LRB- the reason he cried at first -RRB- . Overall , I am very happy with this tub . I am so glad we got it as a gift as I would not have purchased it myself . It has worked out great so far and I see us continuing to use this tub for the next few months . Baby boy loves his baths , so we get a lot of use out of it !
 My husband and I use this almost every night on our first little baby boy who is now 6 weeks . It is so nice to have because we do n't have to fill up an entire tub to bathe him and we can just set it on the counter where we do n't have to bend over or kneel . He absolutely loves bath time and I 'm so glad we have this ! My only complaint is the the headrest is just weird . I wish it were sewn onto the net or something so it would n't flop around and occasionally slip over baby 's head .
 We 've used this tub since our son 's umbilical cord fell off . He really likes it . It provides cushioned support . He is 2 months old , so we still use the sling/hammock . The toys are nice for scooping water over him . It 's easy to drain and comfortable for us to use .
 I have been using this tub since my baby was born . Great for when they need to be washed but are too young to be submerged due to the cord . Then as she grew bigger and could have a bath she was very secure in the sling and very warm . She does n't cry and is happy to hang out . I feel very relaxed bathing her . She is now 6 weeks and it still works great .
 The tub is really nice and easy to use . I used it for my baby starting 10 days old and we really found it comfortable . He also likes to lie on his tummy on this one . The only problem is if the tub doesnot dry properly in the sun , it will get fungus all over . Should be careful about that .
 The bath is good . We have used this for my daughter from when she was a newborn and she is now almost 1 year old . The cloth sling for infants seems useless , we tried to use it one time then took it off and never used it again . She did not care about the toys for the first 6 months but she likes playing with them now . The drain plug on the bottom has leaked from the first day that we used it . It is not a big leak so we always just put a towel down on the kitchen counter before we use it and then have to wipe up the excess water when we are done . If I had to buy another one I would probably look for something without a drain plug to avoid this because you can easily pick it up to dump out the water .
 This was a gift , so I have n't used it . It is very cute and looks just as it appears in the picture . It seems sturdy , and I like the idea of it being adaptable to different ages . I think the net part at the top will be great for helping you bathe a newborn .
 I started using this tub rightafter my son was born and using it till now -LRB- he is almost 11 months -RRB- - We used the craddle cloth till he was 5 months old and once he started sitting alone , i just make him sit in the tub and bathe him . I used this both in my sink and in the tub.I just love this tub and would highly recommend this to anyone .
 My daughter is now 13 months old and I still give her a bath in this tub . I got it for a baby shower gift so I was able to use it from birth . I never used this in the sink , just in the tub , so I 've never had any problems with it . I like the bump that is in the tub , because when they ca n't sit up on their own it helps prop them up . I do n't agree with the comment about the baby being out of the water too much and gets cold . I never had that problem with my daughter , I just kept wiping her with warm water . I love this seat and highly recommend it .
 We purchased this tub after reading other reviews . Mostly for the hammock . Our twin boys are now 4 months and love this tub !! The hammock makes them feel secure and allows us to have both hands free while bathing them . No more of trying to hold a slippery , wet baby with one hand and wash them with the other.The other great thing is that the tub can adjust as the boys grow.I would definitely recommend this tub !
 We got this tub as a baby shower gift and could n't be happier . Our baby is 11 months old and we still use it . She loves to play with the little cups that comes with the tub . The net was a very convenient way to bathe her until her umbilical cord came off .
 When my third child was born , we got this tub . It has been the best yet for us . From infant stage to now 6 months old , my daughter has fit snugly . As an infant , the sling is perfect because you ca n't immerse the baby while the stump is still attached . We used the tub on the counter by the bathroom sink , which worked very well while she was in the hammock stage . Once her stump fell off , and she was able to control her head well , we lowered the bottom half of the hammock into the tub and let baby 's bottom rest in the nook that is created between the hump and the top part of the tub . A perfect angle for baby to rest comfortably while getting a bath . This is the position in which we currently use our tub . Now , however , we bathe her in the Aquarium tub instide the bathtub so we do n't have to worry about where the water lands . Finally , once baby is old enough to sit without support , we 'll remove the sling altogether and let her sit in the wide end of the tub to play during bath time . No doubt our daughter will enjoy this final transition in the short weeks ahead .
 My son started getting real baths when he was 1 week and a half old . First we started in a regular baby tub . He screamed and wiggled around , it was impossible for me to bathe him on my own as it took 2 hands to hold and support him . So we bought the Aquarium Bath Center and Landon would still scream and wiggle but I did n't have to hold him because the hammock held him wonderfully . I could actually just let him lay there with out even holding him -LRB- with a very close hand of course -RRB- so it made baths time quick and painless . We did not have a problem with the bump , because if you read the intstructions , the baby is only suppoused to use the hammock until 10 lbs and then after that you are suppoused to unhook the bottom ends and have the rest their little bottom ends on the bump . Yes , the hammock gets stinky after a couple baths , But all you have to do is throw it in with the regular laundry and you are set !
 I love this tub , except for the bump . I was very nervous the first time I gave my newborn daughter a bath , but the hammock makes bathing her a breeze . She is now 12 weeks and the bump is starting to press on her back , making her uncomfortable . I put wash cloths over it to act as a cushion , but I do n't know how much longer that will work.If it were n't for the bump , I would give five stars .
 I got this for my son when he was about 4-6 weeks old and he loves to be in it . We had another tub from my daughter but he did not like to be in that one so we tried this one . He loves the little toy that is hooked onto it and he likes the little cups that come with it . He is now 7 months old and still use it!The only thing about this tub is that when he is sitting in the incline part of this tub because he cant sit unsupported yet , his back seems to rub up against it even if we have the sling halfway on it still hurts his back.Other than that it keeps him happy when he is in it . I am glad that we got this for him . I highly reccomend this to anyone !
 I was given this bathtub for a baby shower gift , and I loved it . The sling worked great for the first couple months until my daughter was too heavy for it , and by then she was ready to move to the reclining slope . Later when she was able to sit unsupported on her own , I could turn her around to the larger side . She is now 10 months old , and although I am still using this tub -LRB- it 's been so convenient and easy on my back when place in our shower stall -RRB- , it 's not really deep enough and she wants to climb out of it now that she 's discovered she can do that . She does n't seem ready to be in the regular bathtub just yet , so I 'm now looking for something bigger and deeper that would be a good transition tub .
 I purchased this tub for my daughter before she was born . The idea of the hammock is ingenious and allows infants to be bathed without actually submerging them in water . Once my daughter 's umbilical cord fell off , I was able to continue using the hammock while filling the tub with more water - she loves it . Whenever she becomes cranky and irritable , I get a bath going for her and she instantly calms down.The accessories / toys are also . They allow me to rinse her body and hair and offer a nice distraction . The toys also allow my son to assist with rinsing during bath time and he also uses them to rinse when he washes his hair .
 Loved this bath center . I wish when I had my son 3 years ago , he would have had something this cute ! I saw this at another store for $ 13 more than what I paid . Found a great deal on line with the free shipping . The item itself was a great baby shower gift . Just added in some baby bath soap and towels .
 Am using this tub for my son from his 2nd week ... Its working just fine so far . He is now in his 7th week and he loves to take bath . Not sure how he will enjoy it after he becomes big . Till now , am putting him in the hammock . As many reviews said , it hurts his back ` cs of the bumper and I keep a soft towel and I wish its not that way !
 We loved this tub for our daughter in the beginning ... but she is now 4 months and 13 lbs and too large to fit in the sling and is very uncomfortable sitting because of the hump . She is a very active baby and tends to kick and arch her back so much she slips right down and hits the hump . The sling also stinks up a storm . I have rinsed it each time we have used it and wrung out the water to the best of my ability . We have washed it in the washing machine every other week since opening it ... and it smells , smells , smells . No matter what I do I can not get rid of the stench . Really nice sling , but really stinky ... and you sure do n't want to give your baby a bath in a stinky tub .
 I really liked this tub , I received it as a baby shower gift . It is great for newborns because only their back is in the water -LRB- so their umbilical stump and new circumsision do not get wet ! -RRB- . When the baby gets a little bigger , you can unclip the bottom part of the hammock so it becomes more like a pillow for the baby 's head while they recline in the tub . The hump in the middle comes in handy because it makes it so the baby ca n't slip and lay down completely in the tub.When the baby gets even bigger , remove the sling completely and they can sit in the bigger end.My son loves to splash , so the floor around the tub always got wet.The little toys are nice because they can be used to rinse off the baby.It also has a stopper so if you are using it in the actual bathtub , you can just pull the plug instead of dumping the tub out!My son is now 10 months old , and we finally had to trade in the tub for a bath seat in the real bathtub because he finally outgrew it . But I loved it the whole time we used it !! I 'm going to add some photos of my son from when he was younger under customer photos , feel free to take a look : -RRB-
 I got this tub when our son was born in May 2006 , and I am still using it . He was a tiny baby , so the sling feature was perfect for giving him a bath . He was comfortable , and I could position the tub over the kitchen sink without worrying that he would fall off or drown . The skid preventers at the bottom worked well on my granite counters , and the soft padding was great for my arms . I had to move the tub to the bathroom when he turned 9 months -- too much splashing , and so , too much water on the counters -- and that is working well too . I put this tub in the adult tub and use the detachable shower head to give him a bath . He loves the shower , so it 's working well . Overall , I 'd say it 's a good investment , though the toys that came along seem a little pointless .
 I love this tub ! My girls were preemie babies and the sling was perfect for quite a long time -LRB- do n't forget to rewet the sling before the second baby ... it gets chilly ! -RRB- The girls STILL use this bath at 8 months . We 're about to transition to the tub , but they will miss this bath . They sit up and hold onto the little toy holder . It keeps them quite entertained while I wash them up .
 I thought this was great in the beginning . The sling was really helpful to me . Being a new mother I was afraid of letting my infant too far in the water and this gave me a sense of security . My daughter is now three months old . She is at that stage where she needs to sit it the shallow end . I like that it has a chair like feature and then the open play area on the end . She 's not ready to sit up by herself , but the chair end does n't put her far enough down into the water ... . Overall I would still recommend this as does move through the stages of your child growth , does n't leak , and has toys included . It is much better than the first two that I tried
 I dreaded giving my daughter her first non-sponge bath since babies are so slippery when wet , but I used this and it was a breeze . The hammock is great . The first time , I did notice that my daughter 's back was resting on the bump and although she was n't acting like it was uncomfortable , it did n't look right , so I tightened the hammock and it 's not a problem any more . I use the tub in our bathtub , after using it , I dump the water , rinse it thoroughly , and leave the tub upside down to dry . No smelly hammock yet . This is definitely on my baby shower gift list from now on .
 We love this bath tub . My baby is 12 months and we still use it everyday !! It 's a good return on the money . I love that he can sit while I give him a bath , he loves splashing in the water and I do n't have to worry about him slipping in the big tub . Also you save a lot of water , since you 're not filling the big tub every day.The only issue I had is that I had a big baby so when he was a newborn I could n't use the hammock how is supposed to be used , my baby 's back would be laying on the plastic bump , which I did n't liked . Since we already paid for this , we gave it a try , we just secured the hammock from one side and lay our baby in a seating position , and it worked.I was very happy with this buy since I did n't have to paid for a newborn tub and then a bigger tub .
 I love the fisher price products and this one is another great investment . It grows with your baby which is always a nice investment . Great for infants to toddlers .
 Our daughter has used this tub since her first day home at 4 pounds and the tub has made bathing her very easy even that small ! Now that she is bigger , -LRB- 5 months old , 11 pounds -RRB- she still uses the sling and we love that the pillow moves up to cushion her head and the plastic divider below supports her tushie . I suggest always drying out the tub/sling after each bath by squeezing out excess water from the pillow and turning tub over to air dry . We have never had any problem with mildew -LRB- like some users -RRB- because we always dry out the tub between baths .
 I like this tub because it is roomy and allows me to put a foam pad in for his comfort . The bar in the middle is useless and you only use the sling for the first month . The cup for washing his hair is great and the attached fish is fun for him to chew on .
 I have seen this in the stores and all over online but with free shipping and a discount price I bought it from Amazon . I have n't had the chance to use it so I do n't know about the bump everyone talks about but I 'm sure it will get the job done and last for a long time .
 I buy a lot of stuff from Amazon . This bath tub is a good purchase but as soon as I bought it the price reduced on Amazon . This had been a constant problem on Amazon and I think somebody should do something about it . I think I should get a refund :--RRB- . . Thanks , Shobhna
 My son is four weeks old and he loves to be in this tub . I like the sling which keeps him secure , it drains really nice and overall I highly recommend this product . The only future issue I see is the size of it . My baby is not big but he is long -LRB- 23 inches at birth -RRB- and his feet are already getting to the end of the sling , so I am not sure how much longer we will be able to use that .
 I have used this tub from the time my grandchild was first born through to her first birthday , so far . It is absolutely excellent in growing with your child . It took me awhile to understand what it already said in the instructions - not to put too much water in when they are little . If you do , the baby easily slips . But there is still enough water to play .
 I have a six month old that loves bath time . He loves watching mommy fill up his tub , waiting with excitment ! My child only used the sling for about a month . He was a big 9lb baby and the enjoyment of the recline position for him was more fun anyways . He was able to kick and allow his feet to float while laying comfortly in a full tub of warm water . I love the option to allow him to play in the reservoir end . It has tought him to sit up and learn to be playful in the water . He reaches for the toys and has a great time playing , mommy even enjoys having the water scoop that comes with it . When it comes time to wash , he lays back easily so that the water runs down the back of his head and out of his eyes . I highly recommend this bath to any mother expecting . The transition to sling , to recline , to sit up , has this bath a 2 thumbs up for me !
 I love this bath for newborns ! We used to have a regular infant bath with no `` sling '' and my son just slid around everywhere . Now with our daughter we just set her in the sling and she stays put . She loves baths and now we love giving them to her ! Ca n't say enough about how easy this makes bathtime ! A must have !
 This tub is just the best ! I have a 3-week old , and we 've used it every other day since he 's been home , and he fussed for the first two times , but now he loves it ! The little pillow head rest/support is useless right now , and is actually a nuisance -LRB- we tuck it under the hammock -RRB- but maybe when he gets bigger , it 'll come in handy . This is my second child , but they 're 8 years apart - I wish they had this 8 years ago ! With my first , I had to give her first baths -LRB- until her umbilical cord fell off -RRB- on her changing table - but with this tub , the hammock is great ! The baby is not submerged under water , and the hammock is soft so it cradles and conforms to the baby , unlike all the other `` hard '' tubs out there . A comfy baby is a happy baby - a happy baby is a happy parent ! = -RRB-
 I thought i could use this tub from the very beginning with my son , but even though it came with a hammock insert , i was unable to manage the baby , the water , and the soap all at once with this . I dont think i could have done that with any other tub either though ... i ended up using the kitchen or bathroom sink.But once my child was able to hold himself up a bit , this tub was very nice . I fill it with water using the bathtub in my bathroom , then transfer it over to the counter , with the drain of the baby tub over the sink . I then sit my baby in it , wash him up ... and when he is all done , i release the drain , so the water drains into the sink . I then use a watering pot to rinse him off with non soapy water . It a wonderful tub and he enjoys playing with the kittle toys it comes with . The seat inside the tub is perfect for him to recline in .
 Very cute tub . I knew this was the one I wanted from the beginning . It has some toys that my daughter plays with now . They obviously dont pplay with them till around 6 months though . The net thing is nice , but hard to get to the water to clean them . I saw someone wrote it stinks , but all you do is make sure its all rinsed out after the bath , simple . Three positions for baby which are nice , but I 'm at 6 months and am going to have to get a bigger tub soon . Cute though .
 This item was great up until our son was 5 months old . Then it became really confining and uncomfortable for him . We ended up getting the Primo Baby tub for the later years . It 's huge and really does keep the baby in place . Plus , there is room for our son to splash around in it .
 arrived on time and the bath was more than I expected , I like many colors , material and especially everywhere indicating the precautions to be taken with the baby
 Nice tub for newborns , holds baby safely above the water until cord falls off and baby can get abdomen wet
 The tub is great . . our baby loves it . He is 5 month old and he is tall and fits well into this . . we are very happy with the purchase .
 The product is really excellent , we use it daily and is very usefull , it has the perfect accesories for the baby and for the bath
 I got this tub as a baby shower gift . It 's a great tub . I started bathing my son in this tub when he was 3 months old . He 's now 7 months and we still use it . It 's great for transitioning . The hammock is great for small infants and you can remove the hammock as the baby grows , the hammock also has a little pillow atached for comfort . The tub also has a piece of material on the bottom of it that keeps the baby from slipping . The bottom design of this tub is very effective because the incline is just right so the baby can lean back without slipping and there 's an indentation that prevents the baby from sliding.Assembly was extremely easy . The tub also came with some cute , but simple plastic toys . I would highty reccommend this product ... and remember never leave your child unattended in the tub .
 I got this as a gift and every time we use it , our son enjoys bath time ! I love the support for his head and how it cradles him ! He will be fussy and the second I put him in his bathtub he 's calm , content and smiling ! He does n't like testing out of it ! I love how it works for newborns to toddlers !!
 great producti feel its not tall enough and its impossible to put the whole body of the baby into the bathtub
 This tub is very good for babies . The netting makes it easy when the child is very small . They are safe and you know they will not go under . It is a wonderful tool . Often times , we have baby accessories that we never use and just sit in the way . Not this one ! We use it for each bath . It is also good for when the baby is older as the netting is removable .
 I put the baby bath in our actual tub and run the faucet the whole time she in - she loves the sound of the water . The sling allows for me to have the baby bath overflow and still be safe .
 We have been using this tub with our daughter for the last couple of months , and it really helps with bath time . The `` hammock '' is adjustable so that the heavier the child gets , the tighter you can pull it , to raise the level of the child in the water . Granted it works well for using it in a kitchen sink type setting , because of the colder climate , we have moved into our masterbath tub to keep her warmer . So glad I purchased this , and look forward to using it again with our second child , whenever that day comes .
 This was a gift for my son -LRB- 3rd child -RRB- . He loves it , it gives great support for a squirmy baby , and I LOVE the pillow head rest . The middle of the tub is raised for them to sit on in a reclined position , it works best when you release the foot end of the mesh hammock . It comes with 2 scoops , perfect for rinsing baby 's hair and chest and a soft plastic arched connector to attach the scoops to -LRB- or teethers and such -RRB- for baby to play with . Also good for attaching the scoops if you air your tub out standing up . My son is pretty big -LRB- 15 lbs at 2 months -RRB- so I do n't think he 'll be able to use it for very long . The only flat part of the tub for sitting up and bathing is very small . There are n't very many pics posted of babies sitting up in the tub , probably for that very reason . That would be my only complaint -LRB- -1 star -RRB- , but he 's got siblings , so as soon as he sits up he 'll be bathing in the `` big '' tub with them anyway .
 I just got this tub and our 2 month old loves it ! Whenever he 's crabby at night I just fill this up and he stops crying as soon as he lays in it . He looks so comfy and he could just fall asleep in it . He does n't slip around either so I do n't have to worry so much . The only problem I have is that when it drains the soap builds up on the sling part , but I just spray it off with the faucet sprayer and wash it after every few baths .
 After trying 2 other tubs that were HORRIBLE , we tried this one . Our daughter is 5 1/2 months old , and can sit up fairly well . She 's about 18 pounds and very long , so having enough space for her legs was an issue . We found that the other tubs we tried were n't long enough , nor were they very comfortable . She ended up with red marks all over her legs and back from other tubs , but this one was wonderful ! There 's enough room for her to sit up and splash and play , and there 's still room to grow . And it does NOT leak like the Safety 1st 4-in-1 bath station , which we also have . I can not rate the newborn/infant side of the tub , since she 's already outgrown that stage , but the older baby side is definitely the best I 've seen so far .
 I saw this tub while I was pregnant with my second baby and could n't decide If I should buy it because I already had a tub from my first baby , but boy am I happy I did . I love this tub . I like that you can use it for various stages of growth . The hammock is my favorite part and the main reason I bought it . She just lays right there comfy as can be and you have both hands free to wash her . My old tub was horrible . The baby would just keep sliding down , so you would have to hold him with one hand and try to wash him with the other . Very difficult to do with a newborn who needs lots of support . I have n't had any problems with red marks or a bar in the middle of her back like the other review suggested . I would definately buy this again .
 I love this bathtub ! The hammock made it really easy for our newborn . Now that he 's 4 month old , we 're using it only attached to one side . He does n't slip and I ca n't wait until he can sit in the wider end of the tub and can enjoy the little `` cups '' and splash . I liked the tub so much I gave it already as a Shower Gift.One con , the bump , because it 's not placed very great in the tub , so that he sits very high , which makes washing the hair a bit harder . If he lies down , the bump sticks in his back , but it 's manageable . Tub on the wider end is bigger than other tubs though , which is a plus .
 We had a first years tub for our two older sons , but when Fisher Price came out with the Aquarium tub , we just had to get it . It cost $ 30 , which is more than the other tubs , but well worth the money . This tub can go from birth to 2 yrs old . A good stretch of time for baby growing into different stages of life . Love the fish design and the hammock . The attached cups are good too for rinsing the soap off or just letting your baby play and have some fun . It is not a compact tub , but smaller than some of the other huge 4 in 1 tubs . Overall another great product made by Fisher Price .
 How anybody could not love this tub is beyond me . My daughter is 6 months old and we just got it . We have been using the Safety 1st 4-in-one Bath Station and hated it . It 's sling does n't actually hold your baby . You still only have one hand to wash your baby while you hold her up with the other . Even though my daughter is able to sit up , I did lay her in the hammock just to compare . The Aquarium Bath Tub 's hammock securely holds your baby and frees both of your hands to wash her . When your child is able to sit up , there is plenty of room for her to be comfortable . Oh , and it is VERY EASY to clean !
 I used the sling for a tiny bit , but found that the seat holds the baby in place quite well . When he could sit up on his own , I just let him sit in the bottom portion of the tub , where he could splash and play . We did n't really use the toys , but the tub itself is perfect . Later we got a tub from IKEA , which he loved until we let him go free in the big tub , but we loved this one while we used it . We had a cheaper tub for the first month or so , and he was constantly sliding down the seat into the water , and freaking out . As soon as we got this , he loved taking a bath .
 This is the perfect bath for your little one . My daughter is about 3 months old and has been using this since she was 2 weeks . The netting is very sturdy . I have not had one problem with this product . My daughter loves bath time and this product lets me be hands on with her .
 The removable insert is great for the newborn but I 'm finding with using it in the bathtub it is difficult to drain the water out without having to lift the entire tub . Maybe drain should be on the side or inset just a little .
 We bought this bath when we had our daughter 4 years ago ... it was so incredibly handy and versatile and made baby bath time so much easier that I have consistently given it to every single person that I know that has invited me to their baby shower .
 This product is handy because it makes it very easy to wash a newborn . The hammock places them in the water without submerging them . I really like the attachable toys - we use them to wash his hair , scooping up water and pouring it over . It keeps the bathwater contained , just in case there are any accidents , you wo n't have to wash the whole bathtub , just this product . The hammock is removable , and so can be washed as well . The hammock has a nice pillow on it where the baby can rest his head.It 's also a very cute product , and I do n't mind having it in the bathroom . We keep ours in the tub in our guest bathroom , where no one else bathes.That said , my child , now three months old , hates baths . He starts to scream like a tortured POW when we put him in this tub . I do n't know why that is . We did notice that without the hammock stretched taut , but in the position they recommend for infants over 10 lbs , there is a bump . He sits with his legs around the bump - I wonder if it is putting pressure against his sensitive bits down there . I think he would enjoy it more if he could lie down instead , but the bump seems to prevent that . Other reviewers mention it and I see the problem now . I think I will give this 4 stars because if the bump had been designed to be removable or configurable , it would have solved this problem for me and other users.I do n't know if the bath-hating would be a problem with all bath centers . He is n't immensely thrilled with going into the big bath with mom , or into the shower with me . No matter what I do , my kid is hydrophobic . So I am not holding that agains the Fisher Price Bath Center . It looked like it would be a fun place to bathe to ME .
 We love this product fits right on sink . We loved ours so much we ordered one for Grandma . Worth the price as it grows with baby and can be used in tub later when child is a toddler .
 So Verry Good Product From Fisher Price , I Love It.So Verry Good Product From Fisher Price , I Love It .
 Este preciosa ba & ntilde ; era le quedo perfecta a mi chamo se ba & ntilde ; a de maravilla muy f&aacute;cil y practica de usar sobre todo muy linda y bonita . Gracias saludos !!!!!!
 Estoy contento con mi compra.Es un producto nuevo de buena calidad y de una marca prestigiosa.Saludos y gracias
 hi , this is to mention that the product was in perfect condition , fully satisfied with the article , very useful , best regards
 muy buen producto , cumple con mis expectativas y requerimientos , producto llego a tiempo y en excelentes condiciones por parte del vendedor , se los recomiendo para futuras compras .
 Like the head cushion ... lots of room in tub , however tub itself is very big and takes up a lot of space .
 The item arrive as had been specified and in the time that was suppose to arrive at the moment of the purchase
 I started using this tub as soon as my son 's umbilical cord fell off . The sling worked perfectly to lay him deep enough in the water to be warm , but not be totally submerged . I realize what other reviewers are referring to when they talk about a `` bump '' , however my baby has never seemed to feel discomfort from it . He loves his baths and is perfectly content to hang out in the sling as long as the water is warm . He is now three months old and I still put him in the sling , although I will probably transition him out of it soon . I use this tub inside my bathtub so to drain it I just turn it over and dump the water , I do n't mess with the plug . This tub does come with several toys , but I have n't used them yet . Overall this tub serves its purpose and keeps my baby safe and cozy while he 's in the bath .
 I got this as a baby shower gift and I love it . It is easy to use especially with the little sling when my little one was a new born .
 I love this bath . It was awesome for when my son 's umbilical cord had n't fell off . It has grown with him every step of the way . The bath toys and extras are great to .
 Our little one loves her bath . Others have mentioned the hammock being a problem after a couple of months -- you need to remove the hammock part when they get bigger , that is just for newborns . We removed the hammock when she was about 8 weeks old . She ca n't sit up on her own yet , but we can sit her up with her little butt on the seat part -LRB- that 's the `` weird bump '' people keep mentioning . It 's a seat . -RRB- to wash her , then if to rinse or if she gets cold I can sit her in the main part of the tub . This is a perfectly good tub , our 3 month old loves it and we 've had no problems with it so far .
 I love this tub . Our little boy is a `` water baby '' and loves bath time . The sling comes in handy for the newborn stage , but after that I took it out . The little `` seat '' in the middle is great for giving him a little indepedance in the tub without me having to hold him up . -LRB- Always keep a hand on baby though ! I just mean I do n't have to restrict his movement because he is not slipping under the water -RRB- . The only thing that would improve this would be a `` hot '' sensor as some other tubs have .
 Great product that met the needs of my baby until he was ready for the big tub ! Adjustable and grows with baby .
 For a newborn is a great bath center . The hammock it has works perfectly until the baby is 3 month old . My baby is 10 month old and we still use it -LRB- without the hammock -RRB- and she loves it
 Product got to the house very fast , and in condition that was advertised . We have a newborn and this really works great for her .
 Yea . It 's a good tub . Nothing special about it except that it matches the jungle theme for his room -LRB- not that he cares -RRB- . I like how its like a hammock and it seems very comfy .
 We bought this for our first son , we had no idea about tubs so we bought the `` prettiest '' one , but oh boy it has been great ! My son is now 8 months and we still use it everyday . He loves his baths . It is very confortable , the toys that came with it are great . Great buy .
 My son loves this tub and it has grown with him all along the way . The sling was great to start with and the hump has been great as he 's learning to sit up . He loves the thing that hooks to the side so much so that we take it in the car with us ... a great chew for him . My only complaint is that the orage rinsing cup has little pointy things all along the edge . Why would anyone do this ? My son loves to grab and explore everyhing and I 'm always afraid that he 's going to poke himself in the eye or scratch himself with the points on the cup . Just a very bad design on this cup .
 As a rule baby tubs are rather bulky and cumbersome . In the beginning I washed him on our bed with waterproof pads underneath and all was okay . As he aged and we moved to a house with glass doors in the tub , the handling of the tub became a bit tricky . If your baby has long legs once he/she gets older and can sit up , the bigger kid side will not comfortably hold them . The best most comfortable use imo was from newborn until pre sitting up . But again that 's only if your baby has long legs . Got ta love the hammock style support for newborns though . A lifesaver for new parents who are n't yet too comfortable handling the baby . Enables you to support the neck , body etc and have the safety net underneath .
 This is the most fabulous baby bathtub ever ! I have 4 children and with each child tried another tub . Just never found the right one . Then I saw this and fell in love . So wonderful for infants ! Even though they do outgrow it fairly quickly , around 16 months for us , I got every dime out of it and passed it on to someone else who loved it as well . If you 're looking for a baby tub , this is the one !!!
 I am happy with this product . We bought it before our daughter was born , and never realied that it had the hammock in it for newborns so we never used that part . Now that she is older , she sits in it just fine so bathtime is never an issue . I wish the backrest was a little taller for more support.I like this bathtub and am glad that I have it .
 it 's relly easy for new parents to give a bath to their babies because of the hammoc and requieres to wash and dry it really good after each use to avooid fungus and stains
 Our son recently turned 4 months and we have been using this tub from the beginning . We have only used the sling part of it but have been quite pleased . In fact I do n't even fill the tub with water . I just put our baby in the sling , bathe him and use the green toy cup to rinse him off . We put it on our large bathroom counter so he can look into the mirror and he laughs the whole time during bath time . The bump in the middle of the tub has recently started to rub on his back since he 's obviously getting bigger . I just make sure the sling is tightened the tighest so his back does n't touch the bump . We 'll soon begin using the top part of the tub since he 's about to outgrow the sling and is almost able to sit up on his own . Also our son has been perfectly average on height and weight so I can see where a taller and/or larger baby might not be as comfortable . Hope this works as well for you as it has for us .
 I have used this baby tub since my daughters belly button fell off . The net is very easy to use and it is very easy while washing the baby . I only quit using the net when my daughter started to roll . Now se sits up and has plenty of room to splash . I also like the elevated seat so that way she is not slipping and sliding all over the tub . My daughter also loves the toys that come with it .
 El producto lleg&oacute; a tiempo , sin contratiempos , sin problemas el producto de muy buena calidad . La atenci&oacute;n del vendedor muy buena
 My daughter is a month old and loves this tub !! The sling provides great support and the bath toys are a lot of fun also .
 I really enjoy this tub for my preemie . The best feature would have to be the sling . Since my baby is tiny he fits perfect and does not slip or slide .
 We love the system . We keep looking at others to see if we find one that we like better and it just is n't out there . I have already given it to someone as a baby gift since we loved ours so much.I have read reviews on this product , and honestly ... most of the complaints would n't be complaints if people would have read the instructions on how to use it past using the netting . I thought the little hump in the middle was a little strange , then I found out what it was for and I love the idea -LRB- it helps keep them from slipping down into the water when they are small but big enough to sit up . -RRB- I guess that you would n't think that a bathtub would require you to read the instructions , but with with the cool ... but different ... features , you need to.My one actual complaint is that one of the scoops has a `` scalloped '' type edge . I have n't gotten even close to hurting the baby with it -LRB- not sure if you can -RRB- , but I would like it better if it was smooth . I guess I need to go back through the instructions myself and see if there is a use for this :D Since this is just an accessory and not an important part of the system , this is n't too much of a concern.I would definatly recommend this to anybody who has a baby or is getting ready to have one . Just take a few minutes before you use it the first time to familiarize yourself with it and do that each time you need to take your baby to the `` next step '' of this system .
 I got this for my baby girl and both she and I love it !!! She does n't slip and it is really comfortable for her . She really enjoys bathtime . And , if you follow the way the hammock should be used for the size of your baby ... you will really enjoy it . I wanted this prior to my baby being born , but I read some of the reviews and I did n't buy it for her . After the first month of her using another tub , and having trouble with the product , I decided to buy this Aquarium tub that I wanted in the first place . Caution
 Love this for my newborn he loves being in the hammock it supports his head so nice and he looks so comfortable in it .
 I bought this tub for my friend for her new born baby and she really liked it . It was a good price and way cheaper than what Target wanted . Good buy .
 its all i looked and more , the desing and the performance is great , my son love it
 we got this bathtub for our little one due in May . . so we have not tried it . . the one thing i do not like is underneath the pad there is a molded seat in the actual bathtub & i got this one b/c i thought it did not have that . we had that in the tub we had for our 1st child & it just rubbed the wrong way since it is designed to go between their legs . but we 'll try it .
 The first baby monitor I bought shocked me when I heard a baby crying while mine was sleeping . After discovering the pains of monitors running on similar frequencies and feeling like a voyeur without wanting to be , I searched long and hard for a monitor that would n't broadcast or receive to others around me.This monitor is GREAT . No background noise , static , or any of that nonsense . Most importantly
 We bought this monitor just before moving into a two story house . I loved that I never got out of range ; I can walk down the street to check the mail , I can be in the garden , I can even go next door and I do n't lose the signal.We appreciate the fact that if the signal is lost or the battery is low , it beeps so we know that we are alerted and can re-establish the signal . No false sense of security here ! I also like that there are two receivers so if you have one off of the charger and you run down the battery , you can always grab the other one . Or you can have one and your spouse can have the other -- good back up system . Great for travel !
 It seems like all the baby monitors had mixed reviews including this one , but my wife and I definitely wanted digital because we live in a townhouse with several neighbors near by . These were some of the more reasonably-priced digitals . We 've been using them for over 4 months now and it 's been great . Background noise is hardly noticeable and there 's rarely ever any static . We have 2 cordless phones and a wireless router that run on the same frequency as the monitors and there 's no interference . Volume adjustment is great . Receivers light up red and beep if they lose communication with the transmitter so you know that the monitor is working . That communication loss does n't happen very often and usually only for a few seconds -LRB- turn off and back on -RRB- . We have 2 floors and a basement and have taken it outside over 50 feet away and it works fine . Beeps when battery is low too . Receivers are light-weight and can attach to your belt . They 're durable too . I dropped the receiver on tile floor twice now and it still works fine . The only drawback is the battery life . We only get about 3-4 hours out of a receiver . It 's not much of an inconvenience though because the monitor can sit in the charger at night and still works fine -LRB- plus there 's 2 receivers -RRB- . We are planning on getting a second set of these or the vibe model for my parents-in-law for when they watch our daughter or other grandkids .
 This monitor works really well for us . Got it to replace the Evenflo whisper 900 mhz unit because the static literally kept us awake at night . So far , we have n't had any issues with static on this unit , and it did n't cost an exorbitant amount of money -LRB- like the DECT models -RRB- .
 We had a Secure Sounds 2.4 GHz Digital Monitor by Summer Infant . It was horrible . Only had 3 volume settings , and it always cut out . A friend the Graco , we tried it , and bought it immediately . Plus it has 2 parent units . this is the baby monitor you should get !
 While I ca n't compare it to other monitors out there , as I lucked-into choosing it for my first child , I have used it constantly for almost 2 years now and am about to use it for our 2nd child , so I do know this monitor . When he was a newborn , I liked how I could easily hear every breath the baby was taking with no background noise - it brought peace of mind . As he grew bigger , I moved the base further away from him , so now I only hear if he cries or calls out . We have all the typical wireless internet and devices , but only once -LRB- just last month -RRB- have I EVER had a problem with static or interference noises . We had just moved , so I assumed something happened to the monitor in the move . I had finally decided to replace it -LRB- with the same monitor -RRB- when I got on here to look at others ' reviews . I had NEVER before needed to use the channel button , so I forgot it even had one ! But I pushed it once , and all my problems were instantly solved ! No more popping or static . I also know the range on these monitors is FANTASTIC ! Our last home was on 4 acres , and we had a pool about halfway back the property from the house , and the monitor picked up just fine at the pool.The only con I can think of is that our rechargeable batteries did n't last very long -LRB- probably because we kept them on the chargers too long -RRB- . But ours stay plugged in all the time , anyway , so it has n't been a big inconvenience for us . We could order replacement batteries if it mattered .
 We 've had this monitor for 2 years and have never had any issues . We 've moved 3 times over that period , from suburbs to the city , 2 story and single story , and the monitor has worked well in every home . Right now it 's placed in my son 's room , which is upstairs on the back side of the house and we keep one receiver downstairs in the kitchen . If there is no noise coming from his room , you ca n't even tell it 's on it 's so quiet . Not sure if it really reaches 2000 ft , but we can take it across the street to the neighbors house and it still works . Our house is about 2700 sq. ft. so I think that 's still a pretty good range . We can work in any part of the house , garage , out in the yard , etc. while he naps . Off the charger , it lasts about 3 hours - I do n't really have a need for it to last longer than that .
 This is a great monitor - reaches out to my yard , throughout my house , etc. . My only complaint is that after a year , the batteries no longer hold a charge . Otherwise a great product - I actually bought another one with a single parent unit to bring on vacation despite the battery problem with my original set .
 I got this because it 's supposed to have a 2000 ft range . I think maybe it does with no walls , wind , obstructions , noise etc. between the base and the monitor . It does work most of the time though and honestly every single monitor I 've ever owned has been the same in that area . This one has really good features : ** 100 % Digital technology . -LRB- -LRB- Not as clear as they claim , BUT I have never picked up anyone else 's phone conversations or other baby moniters . Yes this has happened to me in the past . FREAKY . -RRB- -RRB- ** Up to a 2000-foot range . -LRB- -LRB- See above -RRB- -RRB- ** Rechargeable batteries . -LRB- -LRB- VERY HANDY !! -RRB- -RRB- ** Docking stations to recharge parent units . -LRB- -LRB- If you can remember to put them back , this is useful ! -RRB- -RRB- ** Parent unit finder . -LRB- -LRB- Only works if unit turned on & has battery power -RRB- -RRB- ** Out-of-range alarm . -LRB- -LRB- VERY USEFUL -RRB- -RRB- ** Child unit battery back-up for peace of mind . -LRB- -LRB- LOVE the fact that they run on reg batteries and also can be recharged ! -RRB- -RRB- ** Soundlights for visual connection to baby . -LRB- -LRB- REALLY like this -RRB- -RRB- ** Two parent units so you can monitor baby from two locations . -LRB- -LRB- We use BOTH units all the time -RRB- -RRB-
 Edited Review -- Would now drop rating to 3 stars . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Sometimes we are experiencing significant static and interference and loss of connection problems . We live in a residential neighborhood in the suburbs . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Range is ok . Connects with no problem two stories down with the baby on 2nd floor and the monitor in the basement . But when I try to go outside , the connection is unstable . -LRB- 3 -RRB- You can hear pretty much everything happening in the nursery . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The belt clips on the parent units are practically useless . They are not large enough to stay on a belt oe waistband with any normal amount of movement and the lip at the end of the clip digs into your side if you have the unit on your waistband .
 Very quiet monitor without the static . Also very lightweight and easy to carry around .
 I never write reviews , but this product deserves one . Our previous monitor -LRB- Fisher Price -RRB- had a lot of interference . There were times when I did n't hear my baby cryig due to the static . When my husband suggested trying a different one , I was very skeptical -- thought all monitors would have the same static . This Graco monitor has wonderful reception -LRB- baby 's room on a different floor from where one receiver is -RRB- . I wish we had gotten this earlier instead of putting up with the white noise !!!
 I have both wireless phones and wireless network . This monitor has not interfered with either . The range is adequate for our use , I can take the monitor to the garage and out to the mailbox and get good reception . Its sound is clear and I have not experienced any static . The only reason I do n't give 5 stars is that on occasion the receiver looses connection to the base and beeps at you for a few seconds while it tries to find the base again . The receivers are compact and easy to carry . We get good use out of this monitor .
 We bought this monitor after having our third child and moving to a new neighborhood . Our old monitor worked well but picked up our neighbors ' monitors and conversations . The design is excellent , very small and portable , and it drops into a charging cradle like a cordless phone , so nothing to plug in . Since two parent units -LRB- and chargers -RRB- are included , we leave one upstairs and one downstairs - a great convenience eliminating the need to tote one unit back and forth . Even though our house is chock full of cordless phones and has a wireless computer network , we have virtually no static or interference of any kind , and the monitor picks up every sound with great clarity . It has a few minor drawbacks , though . Light sleepers will find that the lowest volume setting is not low enough in comparison to other monitors , making the baby 's every move sound very loud in the middle of the night . The battery time , while acceptable , could be better -LRB- and is noticeably less than our prior monitor -RRB- . Also , the LED lights are bright and may keep some people awake at night -LRB- and may contribute to battery drain when off the charging cradle -RRB- . All in all , though , this is a great monitor and I recommend it highly .
 I have two children and am always on the lookout for the best baby monitor around . We bought the Baby Call Nursery Monitor -LRB- 27 Channels -RRB- by Sony and thought that we were going to be very happy with it after having read such glowing reviews ... wrong . Seeing as how we live in such a close-knit community , this monitor was picking up EVERY noise possible and making VERY loud humming noises in the middle of the night that made us jump out of our skin . So , I took a chance on the iMonitor by Graco . I can not even begin to tell you happy I am with it . No interception at all and while the monior indicator light is a bit bright , I will take that any day in place of radio interference . Yes , it is more on the expensive side , but worth the buy .
 After reading a few of the reviews on this site ; we wanted to make sure there was not any confusion with your imonitor ? baby monitor . As the instruction manual states ; please remember to open your parent units -LRB- behind the belt clip -RRB- and plug in the battery pack before usage . The units are shipped without the battery attached ; to prolong your battery usage . Thank you . Here at Graco , we appreciate your loyal support as a customer . Please check out wwww.gracobaby.com for more information . -LRB- By the way - in order to post this comment , we had to select a rating . We put 5 stars ; given the product performance . This is not intended to sku any reviews . -RRB-
 We got these to add in addition to our video baby monitor . . The video monitor is great because we can see our baby , but has too much static to use the audio function at night . . The Graco iMonitor works great for our situation . . No static . . All we hear is the baby at night . . We love the fact that the baby unit has backup batteries and the fact that the parent unit sits like a cordless phone to recharge . Simply turn on the parent unit and they chose the best channel for the least ammount of static . . Works great every single time ! Wish I could find the single parent unit as we do n't really need 2 parent units , but it comes in handy when one is being charged . . Very happy with this purchase
 We bought a regular monitor for our first child three years ago and we loved it at the time , but now we have a new house and a heat pump between us and the kid 's rooms so we get a lot of interference . The new iMonitor gives us crystal clear reception and a huge 2000 ft range which lets me mow the lawn while I watch for the lights to flicker . One piece of advice
 We purchased this after our Fisher-Price Sounds and Lights monitor drove us past the point of sanity.We 've had this monitor a couple of weeks and so far we love it !! We have found it to be very quiet , yet we can hear the slightest noise our daughter makes.One of these reviews says the lowest setting is a bit loud and might bother light sleepers . I have not found that to be the case personally , especially after the last monitor we had , where the static was awful . Also , I find the green lights to be soft enough to not bother my sleep either.We have wireless internet , 2 cell phones , and cordless phones , and have seen no problems with this monitor system .
 We tried numerous monitors -LRB- 3 to be exact -RRB- for our 4 month old daughter . There was so much interference and backround noise that it was unbearable ! Fisher Price Lights and Sound was the worst ! We live in a rancher -LRB- all 1 floor -RRB- but many rooms . The nursery is across the house . It was VERY important that my husband and I could hear our angel . The iMonitor was quite pricey , but the BEST decision we ever made ! You can hear EVERYTHING , very clearly . THere is no backround noise , or interference . They are also very portable . We HIGHLY recommend it and rest assured it is an investment you will not regret !
 I was very worried about * any * baby monitor in our high-tech home . Many reviews of other monitors raised red flags about interference with wireless networks and cordless phones . So for reference , scattered around our two-story home are a cordless digital phone system , an Apple Airport Extreme Base Station , and two Apple Airport Express Base Stations connecting a wireless network of several machines . Initially when we set up the system we did n't experience any problems , but after a week or so , both receivers would randomly beep as if they were `` out of range . '' Luckily , the first attempted solution was the last -- we simply rearranged the position of the monitors with the cordless phones ' and Voila ! , problem solved . Battery life is acceptable , as I 've left the receiver -LRB- s -RRB- off the charger for at least two hours before being beeped at . The iMonitor is very sensitive ; we have an iPod set up in her room more than 8 feet away from the monitor and even on the receiver 's lowest setting , we can hear the low-volume music . Last but not least , if you 're debating between the `` 2 Receiver '' and the `` 1 Receiver '' models , only go with the latter if you do n't have a lot of square footage in a one-story home . Having a child taxes your memory enough without having to remember yet another thing -- and you will inevitably forget to bring receiver with you , leave it downstairs when you 're upstairs and vice versa .
 VERY IMPORTANT NOTE
 I have literally tried a dozen monitors in our house ... we have two small children and therefore need two monitors . I 've tried multiple brands and styles and none of them would work well around the monitor that we already have ... until I found this one ! It is totally clear with NO static or interference at all . We have cordless phones , wireless network , another baby monitor , and live in a closely packed neighborhood ... still NO static or interference.The rechargeable batteries with the docking bases are a great feature as well as the battery back-up for the nursery unit . You have to remember to CONNECT the rechargeable battery packs in the battery compartment of the parent units before you charge them and do the initial set up . The directions do n't mention that in the set-up section . -LRB- It is in a separate section -RRB- This was well worth the money !
 No probs with this picking up neighbors or interfering with our existing FP 900 Mhz monitor for our 2 1/2 year old . We had to trash a Safety First cheaper one and invest in this , but it 's worth it and we really like it . It 's clear , and we also like that it comes with two receivers . Much easier , even in our smaller home .
 I am very , very pleased with this product . I 'm using it in a one-bedroom apartment so the distance is n't far , but it enables me -LRB- and the other caregivers -RRB- to hear my mother-in-law when she gets up during the night . This is very important since she is 102 ! It 's very quiet - almost no hissing . Sensitive but not too sensitive . Easy to set up . Nice styling . All in all , a top-rate product .
 After having a terrible time with Fisher Price Private Connection Monitor-which I do not recommend . We decided to pay a bit more to get this monitor and we do not regret that decision . We are extremely happy with the digital monitor . It is very clear and not as much static as the Fisher Price Private Connection Monitor . It is definately A + + + + + you will have no regrets with this monitor .
 The sound quality of the Graco imonitor sound is great.We have had no interference with our wireless network or cordless phone.I was initially reluctant to buy the imonitor because of the cost , but after reading reviews of the products out there -LRB- Sony , Fisher Price , etc. -RRB- and agonizing a bit , I chose the imonitor . Now I 'm glad I did -- I 'm totally satisfied with the purchase .
 We bought this monitor for our new baby . We already have a 900 Mhz monitor from the First Years that we use for our two year old . I wanted a monitor that would not interfere with the other one we have . This monitor has been great . I have the receivers from both monitors next to each other and there is no interference ... yea ! The only complaint I have is that the directions were not clear that you have to open up the parent receivers and plug in the rechargeble batteries . Thank goodness for the reviews on this site that alerted me to the problem , so I was able to make them work when not on the base :-RRB- I would definitely recommend this monitor .
 We struggled with 2 different monitors before we got the imonitor by graco . The first 2 we tried had so much static and interference that they were useless . I ca n't explain how delighted my wife and I were to hook up this monitor and hear nothing but the sounds of our baby . It was better than Christmas morning when we were kids !!! We have wireless internet , cell phones , cordless phones , basically if its electronic we got it . Despite all the potential for interfence the Graco delivers chrystal clear sound with absolutely no interference . A must buy for any parent .
 We purchased this when our daughter was born in October 2010 . we keep the base and both receivers on 24/7 , and have since she was born . We have one parent unit on the nightstand and one parent unit in the kitchen , both sit in their cradle charging in order to stay constantly on . We are able to take the kitchen unit outside with us when needed and the battery seems to last at least a few hours at minimum , we rarely ever get the battery low warning.The best part about this product is ZERO static and great range . We have lots of wireless devices in the house and there is absolutely zero static coming through the receivers , crystal clear.The units can vibrate if you want , they have a visual -LRB- LED -RRB- warning system and obviously audio . Not much to it , but it does what it is supposed to , and it does it well.No issues here after almost a year .
 I 've read several of the negative reviews for this product and it sounds as if those customers are talking about a completely different monitor . We 've had this monitor for nearly a year and have n't had a single issue ; it has worked beautifully since day 1 . We can take the parent units all over the house -LRB- upstairs or down -RRB- and even outside and have never had an issue with range . The sound quality is wonderful as well . Never any static or interference and I can hear every sound my little boy makes . One feature I love about the monitor is that you can turn on the parent unit while in the docking station and it will continue to receive a charge . We leave one of the parent units on the bedside table , turn it on at night while in the docking station , and never have to worry about it going dead on us . I have friends who have purchased different monitors and been dissatisfied , but I would buy the Graco again in a heartbeat ! Love it !
 We live within about a mile of a giant AM radio tower . Every electronic device in the neighborhood picks up the signals from this monstrosity including seemingly things like toasters ... except these monitors . They are our 3rd different set that we have tried in order to find one that did n't simply play the local AM station instead of our baby 's voice.The battery life when they are off the charger is pretty short , but extra points since you have two of them . No more carrying the monitor up and downstairs each day and night.I 'd highly recommend these if you 're tired of listening to your neighbors or the local radio station on your monitors .
 I have had the imonitor for 19 months now and i have only three complaints . the battery life is awful . after having it for so long it only gets worse . in fact sometimes even after it has been turned off and in the cradle all day , i f i take it out it will last 20 minutes if i am lucky . The other complaint is that the range is not nearly as good as it claims to be . the further outside you get the more it beeps and gets static.The third issue i have is that when my phone rings , the monitor loses connection . it reconnects as soon as i hang up tho , but it beeps on and on until i do . but then our phones are n't very good , so that could be the problem . That being said , it is otherwise i great product . if you keep it in the cradle or directly plug the monitor in , you will have no problems . it will beep from time to time if it loses connection , but what monitor doesnt ? And you can plug it in outside too and just keep checking on it . I mean you dont want to be TOO far from baby anyway!SO all in all still better than most monitors after this amount of time and i feel still worth it .
 First of all this monitor picks up everything ! Several times I 've walked into our room and wondered who 's talking on the monitor only to realize its the TV in the room next to our son 's a good 20ft away -LRB- yes our walls are thin but come on -RRB- . Or even the cat walking around . Secondly this monitor has almost NO static whatsoever . We also have the original `` Angelcare Movement sensor with nursery monitor '' which has great features but constant static . Bought the Graco for use in our 2year olds room when the new baby comes and was pleasantly surprised . There 's no interferance between the two even when hooked up in the same room . The graco does fine with unpluged cell phones -LRB- which cause extreme static on the other one -RRB- and other electronics . It also has a good range so far , we used it at Grandma 's in her old victorian house -LRB- the type that once had a separate kitchen house that 's now been attached -RRB- . Hooked the monitor up upstairs in one end of the house and then took the handheld unit out to the kitchen house and it worked perfectly , still no static . The only problem we 've had is an occasional -LRB- 3 times in a month -RRB- drop in signal which could be the frequency or location ... it picks it back up again in a few seconds but you get the beeping alert . And of course I wish it had the motion sensor of the Angelcare . Then it would be perfect .
 This is the best baby monitor out there !! Ok , well short of spending an arm and a leg , this is a fabulous monitor . It 's digital , so it wo n't get interference from any other cordless phone frequencies or other electronics . The parent units are small and have a belt clip . It 's so convient and sensible that they recharge themselves on the base . Definitely the best all-around monitor out there .
 We have went through 5 monitoring systems in 2 years and the iMonitor is the best by far . We have a two story condo/townhome with a detached garage . And the base is set up in the room furthest away from the garage out back and it still gets a crystal clear signal , when other systems would n't even do very well down stairs inside the house . Not to mention hearing neighbors , cell phone calls , and sometimes what seemed to be Poltergeist . LOL . But this monitor is like being IN the room , i can hear her breath . Plus this monitor is obviously really good , because i have never felt so strongly about a product to write a review ... so ... take it for what it 's worth .
 This product works wonderfully , especially for its price point . Having two monitors is a real convenience ; equally convenient is the monitors being wireless and rechargeable.Reception is generally excellent , but very occasionally the units can lose contact with the base , which results in an annoying loud beeping -LRB- which in itself is good b/c you know they are n't receiving signal -RRB- . We have no problem with over-loudness reported by earlier reviewer -LRB- which almost caused me not to buy it -- glad we did n't -RRB- .
 I looked at many different products for monitoring the noises on the inside of my barn from my house . I am extremely pleased with this monitor . I keep one upstairs and one downstairs . My barn is approximately 400 feet from my house . The monitors go through the barn door the multiple doors and walls with clarity . If I turn the volume all the way up my family complains . I have to turn it down on low . We can still hear the horses chewing hay , buckets banging and even the cat meowing . When I 'm in the barn working , I can even call to one of my children to come out and finish a chore they forgot to do . The monitors come with chargers and back up batteries . It gives me piece of mind should something go wrong . I have a smoke detector installed in the barn and now I will hear it if it ever goes off .
 These monitors are wonderful ! We live in a house made of concrete and were very concerned about finding a monitor that would work with our thick walls . We have no problems with these monitors reaching clearly throughout any room in our 4-level home . They are perfectly clear with no static . The re-chargable batteries are a great feature , too ! We have n't had to replace them yet -LRB- have had monitors for 4 months -RRB- . These monitors are definitely worth the money !
 Just purchased this monitor at the babies r us store . I bought two units because I have a 2 yr old and an infant . We labeled each monitor on the front . They are clear as a bell and no static or other breakthroughs . I have had 3 monitors in the last 2 years . The angle care monitor - we could hear our neighbors , and the security 900 has so much static its annoying . This imonitor is well worth the money and it really is crystal clear . It takes some time to get used to the clear sounds of your child without the static , but oh so nice ...
 We had gone through 2 other monitors before getting this one . They were horrible - we could hear neighbor 's conversations and phone calls . And the static was unbearable . With this new monitor everything is crystal clear and SILENT . My husband and I find that we have to check to make sure it 's on because there is NO NOISE!The rechargable battery is a plus - do n't have to go out and buy extras . And the monitor itself has a 1000 ft. range.We recommend this model to everyone and anyone who wants a nice , quiet monitor that will allow you to hear only your baby !!
 We just had our first child and bought this monitor cause the 900 mhz fischer price monitor had very poor reception and a lot of static . . This monitor is everything you would want in a monitor . Cristal clear reception , You can hear baby perfectly !! The unit has rechargeable batteries which is a big plus for me . All in all I highly recommend this monitor . It will be what you were expecting !!!
 Our old Sony NTM-900 monitor -LRB- which had two receivers -RRB- finally died after a few years of excellent service . There area n't all that many models with AC adapters -LRB- not just chargers -RRB- and dual receivers . We first tried the cheapo analog Graco because that 's what my wife saw at Target ; that did n't cut it . We next tried the Secure Sounds monitor because it was a little cheaper than the iMonitor , but that was a total disaster , and we returned it . Obviously , the range of any transmitter/receiver system will depend a lot on local conditions ; I 'm sure very few will get anything close to 2000 feet -- but what other monitor does ? For us , the Secure Sounds worked only at about 20 ' of separation , we certainly have no trouble getting more than ten times that with the iMonitor.For us , this monitor works extremely well , and we have a bevy of cordless phones and WiFi and cell phones and wireless thermometers and so on and so forth -LRB- and so do all of our neighbors -RRB- . Despite this , the iMonitor delivers a clear signal , no static or hiss at all -LRB- well , unless the baby is hissing -RRB- . But some caveats
 This is the second monitor that we tried . The first one was given to us as a present from our good friends who had the same one . Both their household and ours has a lot of computer equipment and wireless products that can interfere with a monitor . The first one was not digital and even though they had no problems with it at their house -LRB- which we were even there to witness -RRB- in our house is was just static and more static.This monitor is simply fantastic . Yes , it is expensive . What would you expect for something that for the past 6 weeks has worked so well . It is crystal clear to the point that we can hear Josh change positions.I would recommend this to anyone and everyone .
 I love this monitor . It is nice to have the dual set and not have to replace the batteries all of the time since it has chargers . I have not had any problems picking up my neighbor 's phone/monitor conversations like I have with other products in the past . Great buy .
 Great clarity , I can hear my son breathing !! The two handsets are very useful , I am very happy with this monitor , no complaints .
 I LOVE these monitors ! I had registered for the Fisher Price Sound and Lights monitors ; however , when I tried them out they were horrible . I live in a large neighborhood of townhouses and the static was enough to drive me crazy . Long story short , on my third try with the baby monitors , I thought I would go for it and spend the money and boy am I glad I did . The sound quality awesome ! They pick up even the softest noise and there is no feedback or static . I even learned another trick of the trade ... Put the transmitter unit UNDER the crib , that way it 's out of the way and not taking up space on the dresser . Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money .
 This arrived in perfect condition , which I then gave as a baby shower gift . Mom was bery happy .
 After having so many problems with static and lack of coverage with my old baby monitors , I decided to try the Graco Digital Deluxe iMonitor Baby Monitor . I love it ! I has been better than I could have hoped for . Although I choose not to use the beep mode , I do like the room monitor mode . The only draw back to this unit is the short battery life . However , the product does have an electrical power supply which makes up for it .
 This works wonderfully for us . We can keep one parent unit in the kitchen and one in the bedroom so we can always hear the baby . It 's also nice that I can talk to my husband in the kitchen while I 'm feeding the baby in the nursery in case I need something . We have a wireless network in our house and we have had no interference .
 We are very pleased with this monitor - and yes I believe a monitor is a must-have baby product - you will know right away when your baby cries if you put them down for a nap or down for the night and want to be another room . The sound quality is good with this device - and we have wireless internet and live in a densely populated neighborhood . Also , I was pleasantly suprised by the small size of both the sound monitor and the receivers . The receiver in my kitchen takes up very little counter space , and the monitor is small enough to keep on a window sill . I appreciate another 's reviewer suggestion to get the monitor with 2 receivers -LRB- not one -RRB- if you live in a 2-story house . I was going to buy the single receiver model , but I am glad we did n't , as I can keep one receiver upstairs in our bedroom and the other downstairs in our kitchen . I have often taken one of the receivers outside to do some work in our backyard while our little one naps - and have been able to get work done all the while being able to respond to our baby quickly when he cries . Overall , great product .
 We have had this for about a year and we love it . Like any rechargable item , the batteries do n't last as long anymore but that can be expected.We brought this on an extended family vacation and stayed in cottages which were spread out . We went from our cottage with the monitor to my parent 's cottage which was about a football field away and in the woods . We were surprised that it worked even though it would only work by the front window of thier cottage . It worked is the point.We live in a good size , two-story house and ca n't complain about it ever not working . There are times when it looses signal and beeps but it usually reconnects pretty quickly.If you are looking for a constant perfect connection with your sleeping baby you better sit within five feet of him/her and do n't move . If you are looking for the best monitor on the market -LRB- all of which have known limitations -RRB- then this is it .
 We can hear our daughter all over the house with this monitor , she comes in crystal clear . No outside noise . Recommend highly .
 This is a great monitor . I can hear my son loud and clear . I can use my cell phone and have no interuption on the monitor it 's a great product .
 This is the BEST monitor . I sometimes forget it 's there . I have experienced ZERO interference . Not so with my last monitor . It is SUPER sensitive , last night while my husband was in the nursery changing the baby , I came flying down the hall because I could here my son using his crayon on the foot stool in her room . My husband was amazed that I could here that on the other end of the house . I could also , still here my daughter when I went next door to drop my son off at the neighbors -LRB- just for a second ... I 'm not crazy ! -RRB- The best part though , is that you can turn it WAY down so you do n't have to hear every single little sound . -LRB- like dogs barking on the next street -RRB- We all sleep so much better now.This monitor is worth EVERY penny and more .
 We received a Fisher-Price Sounds 'n Lights monitor as baby shower gift . It was awful , every family on our street must have the same monitor . There was always static and noise on that monitor . Not on the iMonitor.Very little static , the batteries last 3 or 4 hours , two monitors means one upstairs and one downstairs . I love that I can grab it off the base and wander around with the monitor .
 After going through 4 different monitors , my husband and I both love this one and have returned or `` regifted '' the others . We can bring it outside without any interference -LRB- which we got with other monitors -RRB- The sound is very clear , in fact we have turned down the monitor we use in the bedroom . Other reviews mentioned that the on/off switch was easy to accidentally bump , but we have not noticed that . I also have not had any issues with malfunctioning and we use it everyday , all night long . Finally the monitor battle in our house has come to an end !
 we live in an apartment and tried basic monitors and had interference from the neighbors monitors but couldnt pick up what was going on in our house . since getting the digital ones we have n't had any problems . The Graco ones are just as efficient as the fancy ones and are half the price . I recommend these for people who have problems with the basic monitors .
 I bought this when my baby started sleeping in her own room . The reception is excellent and I have never had a problem with interference . Since my place is small I ca n't comment on the range , all I can say is that it has never been a problem for me . Both the nursery and the parent units are small and light and can travel easily . My only complaint is the battery life . The charge on the receiver does n't last the entire night . I use one unit for the first part and turn on the second when the first one dies . This can be overcome by leaving the receiver in the charger while it 's on at night . Other than that it 's an excellent unit and I recommend it .
 Old analog monitors picked up the local radio station signal 24/7 . Graco Digital Deluxe iMonitor Baby Monitor is quiet with no radio pickup ... Now , I hear only the sounds in the room made by my disabled wife .
 We really love this monitor . Especially since it has two parent units , we too leave one upstairs in our room for at night and one downstairs for her naps during the day . We have not had any problems with static and we do have satellite TV , wireless internet , several cordless phones , etc. . The sound is very clear , however , as other reviewer have pointed out , the lowest setting is still pretty loud , but it is always clear . We rarely use the parent units off of their charging base as they are easy heard without having to be right next to you . The few times we have used them off of the base the battery lasted about 3-4 hours . Overall we are very happy with this product .
 This monitor is so crystal clear you can hear a radio or tv playing in your childs room through it like your standing in front of of it.The reception is clear and the range is very long . I can go accross to my neighbor about 800 feet witout any issues.The battery lasts about 4 hours and then you need to place it on the craddle . People seem to find this bad , but I do n't . You get two units . Keep one in the craddle and carry one . Then swap them out.I ca n't see being away from your baby more than four hours.When you sleep put the unit in the craddle next to your bed.The channels are settable to avoid any other monitors in the area.There are no problems with interference from wifi , cell phones , microwave ovens , cordless phones , or alarm systems .
 This was the second infant monitor we got and have LOVED it . Things you will love
 There is no need for another long review . Do n't waste your money on any of the cheapies . Pay a little more and enjoy the crystal clear sound and the ease of rechargeable batteries.Notes
 After lots of searching , we discovered this monitor and have been using it for our first child . It picks up the sounds in our baby 's bedroom very well and does not pick up noise from elsewhere -LRB- e.g. through another frequency -RRB- . The lights do not bother us at all -LRB- let 's face it , we 're so tired that our eyes shut the minute we lie down in bed -RRB- . There are lots of fancier monitors out there but for its purpose , to know when our little one is in need , it works great .
 These monitors are really good monitors , but I thought the range would be a little bit longer since they are digital . We live in the suburbs of Phoenix , and I can go down 2 houses before it starts to beep out of range . A feature that I love is that the receivers as well as the monitor all have interchangable plugs . I just keep all three plugs plugged in different parts of the house , and I can move the monitor from the room she naps in to the room she sleeps in with no effort at all . The battery back up also works very well . The battery life on the receivers seems to be really long . If I charge it to full charge it will last around 4-5 hours . It also beeps when the battery is going to die , so you never just have blank air ... you always have a connection to your baby . I have had less expensive monitors in the past , and you do get what you pay for . I do reccomend these monitors , worth every cent !
 We bought this to be our travel monitor but I may switch it to be the home one . I 'm amazed at how light these monitors are ! We have yet to use the auto feature where it plays music or a pre-recorded message when baby wakes , but the lightness and small size of these monitors alone won me over.I 'm only giving 4 stars now b/c we have n't used all the features .
 We bought it at about $ 29 , and it does exactly what we expected to do , at least for the money payed . Good sound ; parent unit battery will last for about 3-4 hours ; works over large distances -LRB- tested at 12 meters -RRB- . The only downside I can find is that it highly interfere with some mobile networks -LRB- Example
 we bought this monitor because our fisher price sight and sound monitor had way too much static . this monitor works great !! hardly any static at all and i can hear every little movement my little one makes.we havent used the feature that plays music or your voice , but im giving this monitor five stars anyway because it has worked so well for us so far .
 We bought a number of items from the Sage Jungle product line and we have been very happy with it . It is durable fabric , and a bright and cheery design .
 We got this as a spare sheet to go with the other Tiddliwinks Jungle bedding . It is very cute . My son loves to look at the animals and point to them . It keeps him entertained in bed !!
 I bought this for my baby 's jungle themed room . The animals are cute and are in the right color . I thought the sheet itself would be white , but it 's an eggshell , off white type of color . I would have preferred the sheet to be white .
 it is what it is . not incredibly soft . in fact not soft at all . but functional . fits the crib well . it 's a good backup sheet .
 Love the colorful lids and containers - fun for kids and nice to look at . They are easy to mix and match . Bought them to store snacks for my kids . The size is not too big and not too small - just right ! They stack neatly in the fridge and stores nicely . At less than $ 1 per set , I do n't have to worry about losing them . Perfect for our hectic household !
 Maybe it 's just because my son 's not eating huge amounts of food , but these bowls seem quite large to me . I guess they 're meant for slightly older toddlers . However , they 're great cuz they 're sturdy enough to reuse but cheap enough to throw out . Just be careful to not put hot food in them , put them in the microwave , dishwasher , or fridge . They are plastic after all and will melt or leak chemicals into your precious little baby 's food .
 Only thing I would have liked to do is pick my own colors that should be a option we should have . The bowls are a good size as well .
 These bowls are good quality , I wash them in the top rack of the dishwasher often with no problem and the lids stay on well . And they are BPA free .
 I love the size of these bowls ! They are great to put snacks in and toss in the diaper bag . They are quality plastic and last a long time . I am buying more because over time you loose a few here and a few there . Great to have on hand if you have toddlers .
 For both price and effectiveness these containers are by far the best I 've found . The Gerber lids have popped off in my diaper bag but these do n't even when thrown in haphazardly . I have put pureed baby food , cheerio type snacks and fully packed meals and they have never failed me.The color combinations vary but the orange , green and yellow look great interchanged with each other.Well worth it !
 I make my own baby food and use these to store the food . I use these bowls in the freezer and microwave . None of them have warped nor discolored with use . The are durable . The lids snap close tightly and come off with a little effort . I bought about 4 packs of these .
 They are great for my toddler 's snacks , lunches , and even sometimes for my own lunch.I 've put them in the dishwasher and the food comes off easily , unlike a lot of plastics that leave residue behind . I 've never microwaved them so I ca n't speak to how well they hold up there.They do n't leak , they are durable , and cheap so if you leave one somewhere - no biggie . A great deal .
 Good size storage bowls only disappointment was got a mix n match colors for bowls and lids !!! Easy to clean ...
 I absolutely love these bowls . I have all different snacks/food in them for my son . I throw them in my diaper bag , purse , the car . Top rack of dishwasher is where I wash them and they are fine . Never have warped.The lids snap on tightly and I have never had one pop off . I highly recommend .
 We love these bowls . They are a great size for cereal for a toddler . They wash and wear well too . They seal tight so are good for traveling with snacks as well !
 I made my own baby food in ice cube trays . I use these bowls when I take them out to defrost for mealtime . The lids seal well too for easy take along .
 This stroller is light , easy for travelling . Everything is so easy to adjust . Pros
 This was really what we were looking for . Very compact and light . A good height for both my wife and I , and our son seems to really like it .
 I 've had my Savvy EX now for a day and the most exciting thing to report is that it fits in my Mini Cooper . Turns on a dime and weighs less than 12 pounds . Super excited .
 I love these spoons . I love the shape -LRB- its got a wide end so its easier for little hands to grip -RRB- , and it has a rubber backing to make holding easier too . My daughter loves them too . She loves the colors & the image of the animal on the spoon/fork . My biggest complaint is that the words/picture come off waaaaay too easily with normal washing , and the fork isnt really good for piercing any food .
 these are my favorite forks and spoons . the set is expensive , but the best toddler dishwear we have and holds up really well . in fact , after months of use still looks brand new . I like that the plate and bowl are heavy/sturdy - not like most thin and light weight toddler dishes . Quality has a price . Add these to your baby registry ! And makes a great gift !
 great set bought it for a baby shower and my friend loved it looks very sturdy , easy clean up .
 I 've tried a lot of the various mealtime bowls and plates for my toddler . I really like this bowl as it does n't move around much and is very sturdy and it is also big enough to use for soup or cereal w/milk . My only complaint , which goes true for most of the brands , is that you are not supposed to put it in the microwave . Other than that , it is so far the best bowl I 've tried for the baby .
 I bought it to bring breastmilk to a nicu in order to feed my son . It keep milk very cold . Easy to carry and handle .
 We ended up buying two of these , one for me to use for my pumped milk at work , and one for my husband to keep milk at the bedside -LRB- since I work nights -RRB- . In the future , the cooler will probly work well for drinks on a picnic .
 I make homemade food for my baby because he have eczema and it helps me keep track if he breaks out on anything . It takes 5-6 hours to get to Vegas from where I live and these bags are life savers . I got one from my baby shower and ordered the second one since it 's small . It fits 4 mini Glad -LRB- 4 oz containers -RRB- in one bag.Leaving home with frozen food in this bag , after 6 hours , the food was still frozen . I then put them in the fridge right away when I get to the hotel . It works way better than a cooler with ice . Two Playtex drop-ins 4oz bottles can fit . Not sure about 8oz with a regular size cap.I would give this five star if it was at least an inch longer length and width ... or even combine two into one bigger bag with ice packed in the middle as a divider ... but I guess they were just thinking freezer space to store these too.Love them and would recommend them to friends and families
 it did it job . it kept the bottles and food cold . but i wish it was a little deaper . other than that i really liked it .
 I recently went back to work and it has been a life saver for storing my pumped milk . Especially , if you use the Lansinoh milk storage bags , you can get alot more milk in the freezer bag than the two 8 ounce bottles or three 4 ounce bottles . I highly recommend it . : -RRB-
 We tried several different systel Bottle Holders , this is hands down the best . Just throw it in the freeze and poof , next morning its ready to go . Stays cold all day long , we bought a couple and my friends saw them and bought the spares off me . hands down the best one out there .
 We have three different brands of these . We have found the Playtex to be the most durable , the easiest to use , and the best size . Although you do need to put the whole thing in the freezer , that means you can just grab it and go . As our son got older , we were able to bring one bottle and a bit of food , either in the diaper bag or just in this bag . And it keeps everything cold for hours . One downside
 My daughter has been formula fed from birth , at this point she 's over a year old and we 've used these bottle coolers every day since she was born . For everything from a trip in the car , to long overseas flights . It actually does live up to it 's 12 hour promise . We kept 4 of her bottle ice cold when we flew overseas when she was 6 weeks old and did n't have to deal with the hassle of mixing powder on the plane as a result . Very convenient , I recommend buying two of them for two reasons
 This is a great product . Yes you do have to put the whole thing in the freezer but it 's not that big -LRB- fits 2 bottles or sippys depending on the size -RRB- and I do have a small freezer . It does state this on the package . In comparison with other products that claim to do the same thing , this lasts FAR longer ! That is the compromise for putting the whole thing in the freezer , so it is totally worth it . It is more efficient than using a cooler bag with ice pack for sure . I use it during the day and at night toss it in the freezer so it 's always ready when I need it . I 've used this with both of my kids and it 's around 3 years old and still working fantastically ! Also the strap can be clipped around the diaper bag or stroller so no need to find room in the bag for it.I chose this because most other totes only keep items cool for a few hours . I wanted something that would last if we were out for the day and this is THE product for that ! Love it !! I think this is a must have for any mom .
 I purchased this to keep my sons liquid medications cool when we are flying to visit my parents in AZ. . I did n't want a freezer bag with separate freezer pieces because I needed to get through security as smoothly as possible.It worked amazingly well , kept the medications cool for the entire trip -LRB- 7 hours -RRB- and would have for much longer . It also works great for just when we go out in the evening and want to make sure we have his evening dose with us when we go out.I can imagine how great it would be to have with you if you needed to use it for bottled milk . When we do n't need it for my son anymore I will definitely be keeping it for the next kiddo .
 We purchased this to preserve baby food and milk during short drives and day trips into the city . We love the fact that we do not have purchase separate ice packs . The whole bag goes inside your freezer . You just take it out when your ready and the contents inside remain cool . We ca n't attest that it remains cool for 12hrs like the packaging states , but we 've carried it around in the city for a good 8hrs and the contents are still cold . Only draw back is that if you have two baby bottles , there is no room for other things . Otherwise , it 's a good product .
 I am a working nursing mom and pump a few times a day . I commute an hour between my office and home each day and use this cooler to transfer my milk . It works great and can even fit a couple days worth of milk storage bags at a time . Nice to just throw in freezer and not have to think about individual ice packs , etc. . Love it !!
 This cooler bag does keep your milk much longer than others . I do n't mind putting the whole bag in the freezer since that is how it keeps the milk colder and longer than other cooler bags . I only wished that the bag was a little bit bigger . It 'll fit 2 wide neck bottles but it 's a snug fit .
 I bought this cooler when my son -LRB- now 3.5 yrs old -RRB- was born so that I could pump more discretely at work without having to store breastmilk in office fridge and freak out the entire -LRB- mostly male -RRB- office . I would freeze the cooler overnight and , just to be safe , would keep it in the freezer at the office until I needed to fill it up . Even sitting at room temp for 6 + hours , it kept milk cold until I could get it home and in freezer . I love the fact that the ice packs are built in to the cooler . Washes out easily too . Now that my son is in pre-K , we use this cooler as his lunch box . Getting ready to buy a second one for Baby # 2 !
 I pump twice at work , in medela 5 oz bottles . I needed something to keep my milk cool on the way home from work . Especially on days when I have to run errands after work in 106 weather . This works perfectly ! I leave this chilling in my freezer when not in use . It conveniently fits in the door shelf of the freezer so it barely takes up any room . Then I bring it with me to work and put it in the freezer part of the fridge there . I am able to put all four 5oz bottles into this pack . I make sure the lids are firmly on then I place three standing up right and I place the fourth one on top of the three on its side and it zips up with barely any room to spare.I have also used it for one bottle at a time when we went to a birthday party outside in 100 degree weather . I was there for about 3 hours and it kept the bottle of milk cool the entire time . I have n't used it longer than 3 hours so far even though it says it keeps milk cool for 12 hours.I used this also to put my frozen milk bags in for daycare . I just hand them the bag and they put it in their freezer with milk in it . Easy to store , easy to keep all my milk for my baby together and then whatever is n't used can come home with me in this bag and not spoil . It is a great bag .
 We used 2 of these packs for the first 3 years w / our daughter -LRB- and then son as well ! -RRB- and LOVED THEM . We could not live w / out them ! They go EVERYwhere w / us ! I 'm actually on here right now to order new ones , b/c ours have finally met their shelf life and need to be replaced -LRB- again , we used them almost continuously for 3 years and they were a lifesaver ! -RRB- I HIGHLY recommend them ! There is nothing that compares !
 One of my favorite baby gear items . Also a gift I commonly give at baby showers.We just keep this permanently in our freezer . Everytime we head out somewhere , we take it out and toss 1 or 2 bottles in there . I 've heard it works up to 12 hours . I have never been out that long but I have been out for 6 hours and when I unpacked the bag at home , the milk was still cold . As cold as when I first took it out of the fridge that morning.Now we are in the habit of always tossing it back in the freezer when we get home so it 's always cold and ready to go . It makes last-minute rushing out of the home much less worrisome when you 're trying to figure out how to transport milk .
 I 'm a pumping , working mom so I have to transport my milk to and from sitters and work etc.The whole thing goes in the freezer . I see this as a plus , since other containers have a gel pack that freezes in a funky shape and takes up space where milk could go . this stays cold all day long and the frozen parts are sewn in , therefore they keep their shape and do n't take up space where milk could go . It 's not that big -LRB- it fits in the door of my freezer and in the small freezer in my dorm style fridge at work -RRB- . I can fit four 4 oz bottles , 4 of the blue ring/lid/liners from the Playtex Drop-Ins System - Breast Milk Storage Kit -LRB- with 4 oz liners -RRB- or two 9 oz gerber bottles . Have n't tried sippy cups yet . I also store milk in frozen 4 oz liners in sets of three in a ziploc bag and have fit that and a bottle in here , without the milk defrosting.It 's sleek , no one at work knows what I have in it unless they know from me telling them . It fits nicely over your shoulder and travels well.The only part I do n't like is that the front pouch is sort of useless . You would have to store something flat in there and I 'm not sure what that would be . I do n't really use that part . I would have liked a stretch mesh area there that I could put a bottle or something in .
 I used this with breastmilk storage . I have other ice packs , but I just was n't confident in their ability to keep things at the right temperature . I could fit 8 oz Dr. Browns in this -LRB- I had two glass bottles -RRB- and 4 oz plastic versions . Everything was kept quite cold.I never had an issue with putting the entire thing in the freezer . I do n't think it takes up any more room than a large ice pack .
 This is a fantastic bottle holder . I used it all through the year of breast feeding . It really keeps the bottles cold . I bought this one to give as a gift , because I liked it so much .
 I bought a used one at a consignment store and so I only paid a few dollars for this - that 's all it 's really worth . I wanted this SO badly when I was pregnant , but as a mother I do n't see the practicality of it yet . When we go out , it 's rare that I take two bottles with , I 'm either taking 1 bottle or 3-4 ... However , as she 's getting to the stage where she 's eating solids , I can see where this may come in handy ... It does hold the cold really well ... better than any of the other things I use -LRB- we use the free ones we got from the hospital with ice packs in them - they take up extra space & we use a termo-insulated lunch tote for daycare -RRB- ; however , it 's heavier as well . The strap comes off , so you can throw this in your diaper bag instead of carrying it on your shoulder , which is nice . If you 're looking for something to only hold two bottles or like 3-4 jars of baby food , this is a great product , especially if you 'll be gone for a while .
 I loved it so much I ordered another one . I did not feel confident about the one for just one bottle because it only has an ice pack at the botton and do n't feel it really keeps things cool even if it might . Yet , the two bottled one has ice packs all around and keeps everything definitely cool . I get worried since I have to take milk products with me like yogurt and cottage cheese . I feel confident my baby wo n't get sick from any food going bad . I wish it was a tiny bit wider to put the Dannon plain yogurt cup inside . I have to settle with yoplait thin bottles or put it in a plastic container which I do n't like to do . It keeps fruits and meat also perfect and drinks cold . It is light to carry anywhere and discrete . I like it better than ice packs separately . The ice packs do n't give me as much confidence as this those . I do n't use it for breast milk since I barely have any , but my baby wo n't drink milk so I have to have alternative milk related products . I love it . Best buy I have made from Amazon .
 I really love the Playtex Fridge to go bottle holder . It holds two bottles and any other little items you might need . It 's great , it keep everything cold inside .
 I bought the fridge-to-go bottle holder to transport breast milk on a recent 12 hour trip . The holder states on the packaging that items should stay cold up to 12 hours so that is why I purchased it . I followed the instructions and put it in the freezer a week prior to using it and I kept it out of the sun and heat . It did keep the milk cold for most of the trip ; however , I was not confident in the milk from hours ten to twelve so I poured it out just in case the temperature was not cold enough . I did not want to risk getting my son sick if the milk was bad . Overall , I think the product was good but I would not rely on it for twelve hours .
 good idea but why cant you remove the ice packs ? the ice packs are completely unremoveable . if this was not the case i would buy this nice looking bottle holder there are two flat hard plastic ice packs . well made sturdy looking . will it ever need to be washed ? well i do n't think it will work .
 I have n't needed to use it yet , as my baby is n't here yet -LRB- 8 weeks to go !! -RRB- but it appears to be good quality . A little on the small side , not much extra room for anything other than the bottles , but it should serve its purpose .
 I bought this to store breast milk while at work . I have a long 12 hour shift and it keeps the milk cold enough until I get home to freeze it . Would buy again !
 I bought this to put my daughters bottles in when were out and it kept her milk nice and cold ! I love this and would recommend for moms out there who does n't want the hassle to leave early when your out and about because your baby needs milk . Fast shipping too ! Love it !
 These little bags are amazing . When my daughter was first born , my wife would use these to keep breast milk cold on the go . I know that seems odd , but my wife 's job has her traveling a lot . There were times when she would make trans-pacific flights and takes two of these along . One would be used to store breast milk that was pumped on the plane in one direction . Then put the bags in the freezer at the hotel room on the other end . One would then be filled with the breast milk bags from the first flight and placed into her checked bag . The second held breast milk bags from pumping sessions on the return flight . Amazingly , even after 14 + hours in the checked bag , the milk was still as cold or colder than it would typically be in the fridge . -LRB- note
 For anyone looking to use this for expressed milk - it holds 3 of those 5 ounce Medela or Ameda bottles perfectly . The dimensions are approximately 8 &#34; by 6 &#34; and 2 1/2 &#34; thick .
 I keep this cooler in our room overnight so running downstairs to get ready-to-feed formula from the fridge during the night is not necessary . I store the 32oz RTF bottle in here and the zipper is hard to close . I wish Playtex made two sizes . I also notice after 6 hours , the bottle is not as cool . Its a good product , not great .
 Fits two of my daughters classic or natural avent bottles without a problem and keeps them cold for hrs . Just what I was looking for and with no seperate ice packs to deal with just keep it in freezer till time to use . Nifty item for anything needing to stay cold also has extra pocket inside and on outside which is nice to
 I breastfeed exclusively and I always had such a hard time leaving the house with a bottle of breast milk along with the capability of making another bottle . I would put the bottle in a large cup with lid filled with ice . Then I would put my breast pump in a large zip lock bag with ice so I could keep using it and carry a spare bottle to fill . Each of those items were prone to spilling so I could n't even put them in the diaper bag . When you go on long drives pumping is the only efficient way to feed a baby . Making a stop to feed is so time consuming , but I can pump while my husband or mother is driving and I can sit in the back seat and feed the bottle while someone is driving . This Playtex case is the perfect solution . I can fit twoCLASSIC GLASS NURSER EVENFLO Size
 It definitely keeps milk cooler longer than any other bag but it really can not hold more that 2 bottles . I had to go buy the Dr. Browns slimmer bottles -LRB- was using the wide neck ones before -RRB- so that I could store them in the cooler . There really is n't room for much else after the 2 bottles but it works for me needs.No need to insert gel packs . Just stick the sucker in the freezer and pull it out when you need it .
 I love this thing and recommend it to every mom I know . I bought this for air travel , I was going cross country with 20 oz of breastmilk and when I got to my destination , it was still ice cold . I also used this when I went back to work on shipyard construction sites . I pumped where I could and did not have access to a fridge and this kept my milk cold all day . It 's a great bag , I just wish the cell phone pouch was bigger .
 This bag is great ! Used it with tommy tippee -LRB- wide -RRB- bottles and regular playtex bottles . Fits both sizes but if you want to store 2 bottles , def use the standard size . I liked that you just stick it in the freezer , you do n't have to stuff any ice packs in it . I looked at several types and read tons of reviews because i was worried about the bottles staying cold long enough . This bag def delivers on all promises . My only complaint
 I just returned to work and am pumping 3 times a day . This cooler actually cools the milk down . It stays cold all day , I was amazed to get home and find everything perfectly chilled . I put the bottles in the front compartment and the empty bags in the front zipper pack until I use them , then I put them in the cold pack . Plenty of room for two 6 oz bottles and the bags of pumped milk.It does take up a little space in the freezer , but not so much that I 'm bothered by it , it 's a small trade for how cold it keeps things.Overall
 I love this ! Keeps my breastmilk cold for over 10 hours while I 'm at work and commuting . Definitely a must-have .
 This is the best product . I stressed for months trying to figure out how I was going to keep my sons milk from going bad on long car rides or trips . I refused to continue to buy formula when my son no longer needed it and I was not going to go out of my way to buy small amounts of milk from a convenience store when it is needed . I saw this product and I figured I would give it a try . I am so happy I did ! I use tommy tippee bottles and they are wide and short and I wondered if two would even fit at one time , but they did ! The only reason I gave 4 stars out of five is because after several weeks of using this I found that it does n't stay cold the full 12 hours like it says . On average it will keep cold for about 7 or 8 hours , but I also left it in the hot car while out doing stuff and come back to grab a bottle hours later and they 're still freezing cold ! Definitely worth the money !
 This bag is wonderful ... I have to pump at work and I am able to store the milk all day without any worries of spoiling . It also provides privacy and protection for the storage bags . I am able to put up to 6 5-6oz storage bags in the bag without feeling like it 's being stuffed .
 This cooler kept our bottles cold for longer than any other cooler , and it 's very convenient to be able to just pull it out of the freezer and go . The disadvantage for me is that it does not fit the Dr. Brown 's bottles with the nipples attached . Instead , I have to put a travel cap on the bottle and attach the vent system and collar/nipple before feeding my daughter . This limits its usefulness in my opinion . However , I think that it will work well for storing breastmilk after pumping at work .
 What a fast shipment -LRB- y -RRB- I 'm going to use it starting from tomorrow I 'm so excited : -RRB- Finally we will get red of ice briks
 This cooler has freezer bags on both sides and room in the middle for several insulin pens , bottles , a doz syringes and alcohol pads . It will stay cold for 8 + hours . Size is fairly compact and low profile , a guy can carry one and not feel like it 's a purse .
 I 've had this cooler for about 6 months.I use it very often . Initially I was using the AVENT bottles , and they fit perfectly , however had to switch to Dr.Brown 's bottles the big 8oz ones and I was surprised that 2 of them fit into this cooler well . I wish it was longer so it would fit 1 more bottle , and was a little less bulky in front . I leave it in the freezer until I have to use it , shove the bottles in and go , bottles stay cold for long 6 to 8 hours.Product is well made and durable .
 awesome !!! i love the fact that it opens into a portable bed for baby . the only thing i wished is that the pockets were labeled somehow . i am going to get mine embroidered . a little costly but worth every penny since our family goes on vacations and stays in hotels a lot !
 We purchased one of these bags when our baby was 3 months old in preparation for our first vacation as a family ! This bag is WONDERFUL ! Here are the amazing things we discovered firsthand about the NAP SAC :1 . It counts as a diaper bag carry-on for airline flights so it does n't count against your carry-on allowance for bags ! 2 . You can fit an entire week 's worth of newborn baby clothes and supplies in the bags zippered compartments ! 3 . When you open the bag to turn it into a `` nap sac '' bassinet , all of the zippered compartments holding all the clothing/supplies support the structure and make for better walls when the baby rolls around ! 4 . Easy to clean !!! 5 . Lightweight even when PACKED solid with everything you need for baby ! 6 . Perfect for use as a snuggle nest/co-sleeper ! 7 . Works great when you are staying as a guest in homes/hotels without cribs available ! Just put this on the floor next to your bed and baby sleeps very happily inside ! 8 . Padded shoulder strap is curved so it does n't dig into your shoulder while carrying it!We just LOVE this diaper bag ! It is one of the most innovative baby items on the market and it is worth the price ... every penny ! We paid $ 75 for ours and have used it so many times ... it looks like a normal diaper bag and you can use it as one for day-to-day use . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!
 This bag is so awesome . I wish I had it with my first born ! It 's really lighter weight than you 'd expect . And I can see taking it to church and laying the baby on the pew or even on the floor in it . I think other mom 's will be really envious of it ! :-RRB- Ca n't wait until the baby gets here to use it .
 We bought this for our vacation -LRB- flight -RRB- for our newborn . We use it everyday now ! Everywhere we go , people comment about it . It 's not pretty but so practical ! It 's awesome ! Just be sure to make sure the handle is locked when setting up into stroller . I did n't lock it and it fell into car seat mode . Luckily my son slept through it ! I felt horrible , it was in front of the security at the airport . You do have to put it through the security machine . I think it 's the greatest invention ! Definitely worth every penny .
 We brought our son around the world with the Sit 'n' Stroll , once when he was 6 months old and again when he was 2 years old . I do n't think we could have done it without the product.It was wonderful using it as a booster seat at restaruants and worked well in cars and taxis . We only experienced three problems :1 -RRB- It is occasionally difficult to collapse it into the closed position , but if you roll it forward a little bit first to line up the wheels that helps .2 -RRB- It does n't fit in all airplane seats or down all aisles . When it does n't fit down the aisle we carry it overhead . On some planes you can raise the armrests to make it fit in a narrow seat .3 -RRB- We have had numerous loud arguments with flight attendants who do n't want us bringing it on-board . Telling them he has flown around the world on it while pointing out the FAA approval on the sticker usually quells the argument.The width of the aisle and the seat on a plane is a function of the airline , not model of airplane . On a really bad airline like Alitalia , US Air , Delta , American , Northwest , or Lufthansa things are likely to be more cramped.On very good airlines like Singapore , Cathay Pacific , Qantas , Emirates , Malaysian , and Qatar you are less likely to have an argument with the staff and more likely to find the seat fitting.I 've seen reviews on here complaining about the flimsiness of the handle . This is actually intentional , it is the way the Sit 'n' Stroll steers . At first we thought our handle would break off , but once we realized it was meant to feel that way we dropped our concern .
 I definitely found the Sit N Stroll to be a great travel system . The wheels slide in and out easily for stroller to car seat changes and my daughter was able to stay buckled in and asleep during the transition from taxi to airport . The only thing I do n't love is that the seat ca n't be attached to your car more permanently as we plan to use it as our second car seat . To secure the seat into the car lap belt -LRB- or using the included latch strap -RRB- my daughter has to be in it and the 5 point restraint secured and then the lap belt/latch strap go over her chest . It would be nice if it could attach a differnt way if you are using it more often .
 Not at lot to add to the other reviews , except that traveling in Europe I 've had a hard to impossible time convincing flight attendants on European airlines to let me use it . Apparently , their regulations do n't match FAA ones in that it 's not allowable to use a carseat where the belt goes OVER the child like this one does . Only allowed are ones -LRB- like most standard carseats -RRB- , where the belt secures to the body of the seat itself.Even so , when I was traveling alone , switching planes in Chicago and London , with a 13 month old , it was indispensible .
 We have used the Sit N Stroll system on two trips and found it well worth the investment . The ability to act as a stroller as you enter the airport , switch to a seat on the airplane , back to a stroller at luggage claim and into a car seat in the rental car was everything we asked for.There will always be issues . Multifunction devices never have the quality that an individual car seat , stroller , etc. would have but we are willing to look past that for this very practical device.You may have issues with an airline employee about the seat on the plane but stick to your guns . You 'll usually get it on the plane . It is technically bigger than the seats on the regional jets and DC-9 we have taken it on but made it work . In the rear-facing mode on smaller planes the seat in front of the Sit and Stroll will not be able to recline.If you travel with an infant or very young child this is well worth it . Keep perspective on the fact that it is a multipurpose device and you 'll be OK .
 We got this seat for air travel with our two-year-old . Carrying a car seat , a stroller and carry-on luggage was just too much on our travels to Europe with tight connections . We are happy with the performance of the seat . The only problem we have is that flight attendants constantly question the allowability of the seat . We have been told that the seat does not satisfy regulations on several Lufthansa and Scandinavian flights - despite the `` FAA approved '' sticker on the seat , but were able to use it anyway after some arguing . This and the fact that you have to strap the seat belt over the seat is the only reason I do not give this product five stars .
 There are four parts to this review
 We bought our first sit 'n stroll about 4 years ago . Used it for both boys growing up , now my third is here and I broke it . It was my own fault because I wanted to push it beyond its limits and broke one of the caster wheels with too much weight . Now I 'm shopping around for a new one.This stroller works great in both directions forward facing and rear facing . I 've been everywhere with it too , cars , planes , trains , boats , buses , restaurants , stadiums , etc. . I Never have to wake a baby to go into the store . I never have to unbuckle the toddler I just un-seatbelt and go.The parts of europe We travelled too are not very child friendly , so having a child seat I could quickly fold up for going on a taxi , subway , bus , boat , etc was more than a conveniece , it was a god send . Especially the stairs , lots and lots of stairs in Europe , not so many elevators.But just collapse the handlebar -LRB- or not -RRB- and grab the handle in the front and the handle in the back and up you both go.I do enjoy the looks and expressions when other parents see the sit ` nstroll in action folding/unfolding . - Matt FosterSystems EngineerPhoenix Arizona
 I bought this for a 20 hour trip from Alaska to Mexico . It was very helpful!Pros : Easy to change to car seat to stroller and vice versa .5 point harness , it is almost impossible for my son -LRB- 2 year -RRB- to unclip it.Fabric is easy to clean.Cons : It does not fit in the airplane aisle , I had to carry the seat and my daughter -LRB- 1 year -RRB- . The fabric made my daughter sweat.Difficult to strap in.It 's kinda ugly .
 We like that it is easy to use , has a smooth ride around the airport , you can steer stroller with one hand and it seems like a comfy ride for baby . Although it felt secure in airplane seat , it will not fit down the aisle on a smaller plane . -LRB- ie JetBlue , Song -RRB- Not such a big deal , just lift and carry . We did not use it as a car seat in the rental car , we chose to use the Graco car seat provided by rental company . Overall , we are happy with the purchase -
 I was looking for something I can use on our trip to Las Vegas with our infant , and I found a review on this item `` Lilly Gold Sit 'n Stroll 5-in-1 Combination Car Seat/Stroller '' , so I ordered it and the product is FABULOUS . 5 in one is just awesome ; Car seat , plane seat , stroller , easy to control , etc , etc , can not be compared with any other I have seen so far . While in Las Vegas , a lady Bus driver at McCarran International Airport car rentals , said and I quote `` I have been working here for thirty years and have never seen something like this , it 's Fantastic '' . The folding needs a little practice but overall it is awesome especially with the removable sun shade . Very good for vacations and travelers . One thing does it all . The retractable handle make it ideal for space saving like in elevators , etc. . It can be used as front facing or rear facing and came with all the straps to do that . Everywhere we went people were starring at us like never before.Good buy !!! Lol !! Lilly Gold Sit 'n Stroll 5-in-1 Combination Car Seat/Stroller
 I have used this stroller with various clients over the last 6 years and we have traveled all over Europe with it . One review said she could n't fit it in the airplane but it will fit ! The secret is to ask for a belt extension as soon as you walk into the plane because not all belts will be long enough . Put the arms rests up if possible . On some of the smaller planes it is a snug fit and the person in front of you is not going to be able to recline if you have it rear facing . If front facing , the child can kick the seat in front so you have to be a bit on guard!Yes , it is not a smooth stroll down bumpy european sidewalks but the kids do n't seem to mind . It does seem to fit kids up to 3 or around 30 lbs unless very tall for their age . It has worked well with infants with the infant insert.Not really a pro or con but there is a certain `` touch '' you learn to use to get it to fold up quickly ! I have managed to do this with the child in it but once the child has some weight , I let dad do it ! I have used this in New York City and even with the uneven sidewalks managed to push the stroller and drag a roller bag behind . I usually bring a mess bag to hang over the handle as underneath is pretty small . You notice a wiggle in the handle and that is natural , it is meant for you to be able to steer with one hand when needed.Despite being used in these conditions , have never had a wheel break . My only real con was the older version that did not come with an optional shade screen and we had to adapt to portable versions . But the new ones have it where the option snaps right into it.The one user is correct , when rear facing , the front seat can be moved back to keep it more level or use the towel rolled up under the seat to make it more comfortable . I find this to be true with a lot of car seats ... All in all , for the traveler who does n't want to lug around a seat and a stroller , this works great . It also is great in the airport if your child has their own seat . Do check to see where the FAA sticker is because there are still flight attendants who have never seen one and question whether it is `` legal '' . All in all , it gets 4 out 5 stars from me ! -LRB- I seldom find anything perfect enough for 5 stars ! -RRB- The Traveling Nannywww.thetravelingnanny
 WE bought this seat to take with us on a domestic trip . We did not have a car at our destination and I was n't sure how else we could get around the city and still have our daughter be safe . While this is not the best car seat in the world , nor the best stroller , it 's great at doing both jobs fairly well . We can jump in a cab or airport shuttle bus and buckle our daughter in and then arrive somewhere else and take the car seat with us as a stroller . I 'm not sure how else you can travel safely with a child and still get around once you are at your destination . I 'm going to purchase an additional one for my son as we now have two children who require car seats . If you want your child to be safe and you still want to be able to get around at your destination , this is the way to go .
 We purchased this since we like to travel . Our first trip was a great success ! This car seat was very easy to travel with , especially with all of the opening and closing of the stroller getting on/off the airplane , into & out of the Hertz courtesy shuttle , going through airport security , etc. . It literally takes 3 seconds to push/pull the handle bar and the wheel open/close mechanism . The wheels stroll and turn very smoothly and the whole system is not very heavy & cumbersome.The not-so-convenient steps with using this may apply to all strollers ... such as finding the child-seat restraint hooks on the cars -LRB- especially the one behind the seat -RRB- . Also , the belt that goes over our child 's lap when she is in the seat needs to be loosened and moved each time we put her in and out of the seat . But this may apply to all child seat designs anyway.Altogether , this is certainly a valuable purchase for those who like to travel . We HIGHLY recommend it .
 I have purchased this car seat for my son when he was 8 months and we were about to travel to Europe for the third time . It made our life easier because we did not need to bring with us stroller and car seat . However , it is not the best stroller you can have mainly we you wan to walk a lot . My son really enjoyed being in it and everybody was curious about the 2 in one function . Yes you can also use it attached to a regular chain at lunch time but it is a little bit unstable . The only problem is that you do need help when you want to change function having the baby sitting in . If you plan to travel a lot without your car , it is a must and really changes your life .
 I was very nervous about buying this given all the negative comments I 'd read but for lack of a better option I bought one and used this on a recent trip -LRB- by plane and car -RRB- with my infant son and it was a lifesaver . I 'm a small person -- weight and height -- and I was able to change it from stroller to car seat with very little effort . I could also get it in and out of the various cars we used as well . It is not the easiest thing to get in and out of the car , but really , how easy is it to get a regular car seat in and out of a car ? This is actually more convenient in some ways because the seat belt goes across the child so you do n't have to worry about attaching it around anything , which is very helpful when you 're doing a rear-facing installation . Plus , the stroller is easy to maneuver and despite the slightly rickety feeling of the stroller handle , it 's really quite sturdy . I would recommend getting the sunshade for this if it does n't come with the sit n stroll -LRB- mine did -RRB- since it not only protects the baby from the sun but also any rain or other inclement weather.As for using it on the airplane , I held the baby on my lap so I did n't have to worry about getting the seat on and off the airplane and putting it in an airplane seat . However , I did check it at the gate and if you are going to do that , * definitely * get the travel bag . It was raining when we got home and the bag kept our car seat dry as it was brought up to the jetway . Plus , the bag protects the car seat from whatever else is in the airplane cargo hold . Also , you can still put the bag around the Sit N Stroll if you have the sunshade attached , which is great.Overall , this was really , really helpful and I highly recommend it for people traveling with their children .
 This seat is absolutely awesome ! My best friend bought one and it 's pretty easy to switch from car seat to stroller . One thing I did notice is that the stroller bar that comes out from the back of the seat only goes so far . So this is only ideal for those 5 ' 4 '' and under . Taller folks may have a tough time pushing this stroller around .
 We have had our sit-n-stroll for almost 4 years . It is best used as a travel stroller , due to the use of the shoulder harness , however I have it works great with sleeping babies . My son would fall asleep in the car seat , and I could take stroller and all in the house and not wake him . Overall a great investment for anyone who travels more than once a year .
 We had the very first version of this carseat/stroller combo in 1998 and it was the best thing we ever bought -LRB- next to the Arm 's Reach Co-Sleeper -RRB- . I have always been the Mom who has everything new and state of the art and this was one of those HAD TO HAVE items ! This easychair on wheels was used this for 2 children and it was a GODSEND when we travelled and was still in very good shape when we gave it to a friend . It easilly converted and made life very easy in and out of the car , mall , cabs , airplanes etc.To the naysayers ... This is difficult to convert when the child weighs 35-40lbs but at that point you should change over to the booster . It is a bit large to roll down an aisle in an airplane but you ask for help ... that is what the attendants are there for . Despite the small glitches . I recommend this seat 150 % . I loved it and so will you!My sister is expecting in January and guess what she 's getting at the shower ... ONE OF THESE AWESOME CARSEATS !!!!!!!!!!!
 We lived abroad with my first born and we used our sit n stroll for three or four international flights a year !! The kid was comfy and as I was traveling alone with my son most of the time , I found it to be very managable with the sit n stroll and my backpack . Moved back to the states and had baby number 2 -- used it often as a loaner stroller to the grandparents -- when they had the kids in tow -- and I still used it for flights here -- all in all a wonderful investment-Tips
 We bought this product back in 2005 and used it during an international trip through several airports . It worked as advertised in all the jumbo jets , and elicited generally positive reactions from other passengers and flight crew ; however it could not pass through the aisles of an Embraer commuter plane that we had to take on a short leg of our journey . In order to secure it correctly on the airline seat , you may have to get a seatbelt extender from the flight attendant.Having this car seat/stroller is great if you are travelling with small kids ; they sleep comfortably in it and makes for more efficient transfer between gates . I share the observation that others made regarding its inability to take bumps ... for that reason it is not a good choice beyond travel and maybe use within a shopping mall . As a car seat it was OK , it just takes some getting used to . We never used it in a rear-facing configuration , so I can not rebut comments made by other users as regards their problems in that mode .
 I just returned from a solo trip with my one-year old . I have made several solo air trips w / my son in the past , but this was the first time I had this stroller . It made my trip so much easier and significantly less stressful . It was a breeze getting through security . The seat worked well in various taxis , rental cars , and relative cars . I had no problem converting it back and forth from a car-seat to a stroller -LRB- many many times -RRB- . It worked well on the plane . I was able to wheel it right onto the plane with my son belted in . I had no problem lifting it , retracting the wheels and popping it into the seat . The stroller was easy to maneuver and I was able to push it easily with one hand through the airport . I was also able to use it as a booster chair for meals . Numerous people stopped me to ask me where I got it -LRB- including 2 flight attendants -RRB- . I could not possibly be more happy with this product . I bought it specifically for travelling -LRB- because we travel frequently -RRB- , and this is worth every single penny .
 I bought the sit n stroll carseat/stroller conversion product , which is FAA certified for using on airplanes.The one thing I will say is that I did not realize the airlines will allow a 2 year old on the plane , in their own seat -LRB- once your child turns 2 they HAVE to have their own seat per FAA rules , fyi -RRB- , with OR without a carseat . I was thinking that a car seat was mandatory on a plane just like it would be in the car but this is not the case.I wish I 'd known that before I bought it because it 's a good product but VERY pricey . If you do n't need the seat on the plane and you prefer to just check your own carseat as baggage , then you do n't really need this product . Keep in mind however , your child does have to be seated during takeoff and landing and for smaller kids who want to move around , this seat might be a good idea for keeping them strapped in.I will say this , though - this is GREAT if you are traveling somewhere where you will be using the subway system to get from the airport to your hotel or something like that . Places such as New York or large European cities , where you do n't plan on using a car , but only the trains . It is bulky though to carry around - it folds up but an umbrella stroller is much lighter , obviously.Another thing I wish I 'd known BEFORE I made my plane reservation , about this seat - it can ONLY be used in a window seat -LRB- I 'd already reserved aisle and middle and had to try and switch on the plane -RRB- . So if you plan on using this , MAKE SURE you reserve a window seat for this chair . Those are FAA rules as well.So ... it 's a good buy but , in hindsight , one I might not have made simply because I 'd be just as happy checking my carseat and just having my 2 year old sit directly in the plane seat , since that is legal.I 'd recommend mostly if you are going to be using subways and such OR if your child might have trouble sitting in the seat without a harnessed carseat . Otherwise just check your current carseat as baggage , place your child in the seat next to you and then bring an umbrella stroller if you 're doing a lot of walking .
 We recently purchased this for our 11 month old as we do a lot of travelling and found it a hassle to cart around a carseat and a stroller every time . It is a fantastic alternative -- very comfortable , strolls easily , converts easily once you get the hang of it , and very convenient . We do , however , have two complaints
 My wife and I have had this babyseat since just before our second child was born . She is now two and a half years old , and we still use this has her primary carseat and stroller.We also travel a lot , usually making long international flights , and I ca n't tell you how nice it is to have one seat that we can use in our car , then use it in the taxi on the way to the airport , and then use it on the airplane , and then in the rental car when we get out on the other side . It is FAA certified , so it can act as the childs primary seat in airplanes . Just make sure you do n't get the bulkhead row because you will need to raise the armrests to get it to fit in . Also , make sure you do n't remove the FAA sticker , because some flight attendants get worried when they see it for the first time.My only complaints are that it feels a little bit weak , but like I said we have been using it for 2 + years with zero problems . Also , it is a little bit cumbersome to get in and out of the car so do n't plan on using it as a stroller every single day.All it all , a great product ! You will get so many `` ooohhs and ahhhhs '' when people see you using it . ----------- Originally wrote the post above for this model when it was owned by `` Safeline '' . We have now had this unit for 8 years and use it with latest child who is now three years old . Still works great . We take it on the plane every time we travel . Just needs some WD40 on the tracks periodically .
 I have traveled with my son at least once a month for the past couple of years -LRB- most of the time w/o my spouse -RRB- , and I can honestly say that I could not have managed without my Sit-n-Stroll ! I am able to easily maneuver this stroller with one hand while pulling my wheeled luggage along with the other and hauling a humongous bag full of kid essentials , an emergency change of clothes , & a laptop on my back -LRB- and that 's just to get to the check-in counter ! -RRB- . As others pointed out , there is a bit of a learning curve to using the S-n-S , but you get the hang of it quickly enough once you 've used it a few times . I have absolutely no problems converting it from car seat to stroller and back , and I have hereditary RA in my wrists ! It 's also true that the mesh storage bag is tiny and that it has no cup holders , but none of that matters in the long run b/c whatever drawbacks this device has are readily eclipsed by its complete usefulness.Bottom line
 Every time I go out , I get a comment on this conversion stroller . `` Is that a carseat ? '' `` Where did you get it ? '' `` I need one . `` I bought this specifically for a trip I was taking alone with my infant ; and it has since been on 3 additional trips and pretty much replaced my conventional stroller and carseat.The pros : It 's a carseat , and one of the easiest carseats I 've ever used . I 've only used it forward facing.It 's a stroller ; and perfectly functional as a stroller . No it 's not the biggest , baddest , smoothest thing out there ; but that 's kind of the point . It 's a space saver so you do n't have to carry a separate stroller . And if you 're just going somewhere for half an hour ; do you really want to spend 15 minutes putting the stroller together and putting it away?It 's a booster seat . I do n't even have to take my baby out of his chair . I can just slide the booster seat into the booth . Perfect fit 99 % of the time.Traveling at airports . I simply would not have been able to deal with the airport on my own without this device . It is FAA approved for use in the airplane ; or you can use it as a stroller and gate check it like a conventional stroller if you are lap sitting.The cons : The conversion process can be painful . I 'll admit that learning to use this device left my arms black and blue for about 2 weeks . Even with that drawback ; it was entirely worth it.The stroller handle is pretty short . If you are a taller person -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' and up -RRB- the stroller may hurt your back after a while . An extension would be awesome.No storage/drinker holder . The built in storage beneath the seat is minimal . You can purchase a separate bag for this stroller , but it does n't really work . I am a sucker for drink holders/bottle holders ; so not having one is a bit of a nuisance.All in all , if you are reading this ; it is worth your money .
 This is the best stroller . I bought it after my daughter outgrew the infant carseat but I wish I had it all along . I recommend this stroller to any parent who is on the go . It is so convenient it is unbelievable . It is more than worth the money . If you purchase it , I guarantee you will enjoy it !!!
 I used this stroller/carseat on trips from the time my son was 3 months until he was 3 1/2 years old and LOVED it ! I would recommend this to anyone who travels with a small child . It is so handy to have when you are moving through airports . I loved not having to bring a stroller and a car seat on a trip . The seat was comfortable for my son and I also purchased the sunshade which came in handy when he was napping . This is not a car seat to use for every day , but it is invaluable for traveling . Definitely worth the price .
 My wife and I bought one of these almost two years ago . We first used it on a very long trip by air and by train . We 've used it on subways , in restaurants , in cars and vans , and just to take the kids for an afternoon stroll . We 've used it with my son and daughter from ages one to three ; at four years old -LRB- and 36 pounds -RRB- our son is too large to find it comfortable , but it 's still just right for our two-year old daughter -LRB- 25 lbs -RRB- . It 's been one of the most useful things we 've bought for getting our kids from here to there.The Sit N Stroll works as a car seat and a stroller . With the shove of one handle the wheels pop out and lock in place or collapse back into the stroller . I manage to do this fairly easily with our daughter -LRB- 25 pounds -RRB- strapped in . It 's too heavy for my wife to do with our daughter in the seat , but she finds it very easy to set up or collapse when it 's empty.This seat fits into a standard coach airline seat . It straps securely into every car we 've put it in , though not always without some effort . It restrains the child with a five-point harness that is n't easily opened by anyone under two -LRB- our daughter suddenly got very good at opening it a few months ago -RRB- . A seat belt -LRB- with or without shoulder harness -RRB- fits easily over the front to hold the seat in place , and there 's a strap at the top of it that clips to a small bracket that seems to be standard just for that purpose in most cars and trucks built in the last five years.This seat does n't have as much storage as I 'd like ; we always have to carry an extra bag with us . It also has smaller and harder wheels than do most dedicated strollers , giving it perhaps a less comfortable ride on rough surfaces and definitely making it harder to wheel it over some obstacles . It 's much more comfortable for my wife to push than for me , because I have to bend over slightly to reach the handle ; at 6 ' 3 '' it gives me a back ache to push this with both hands for very long . I can stand straight when I push it one-handed , though , and it 's pretty easy to do that.None of those problems is serious . I love pulling up to a restaurant , popping the seat with our daughter out of the car , popping out the wheels , pushing it into the restaurant , and collapsing it back down and putting it on a chair . It 's all so easy and it keeps our daughter under control the whole time . This thing was a lifesaver on our last long trip . The kids like it and seem to find it comfortable . With some more storage and a longer handle , I 'd give it five stars .
 Okay , I never do this but I had to review this after taking it on a trip to Mexcio with my 6.5 month old daughter.We got the sit and stroll for traveling since thew infant / kohlcraft combo seemed too small for our 26.75 '' 18 lb daughter.I traveled solo by car to Sacramento -LRB- 6 hours -RRB- , spent four days running around , in and out of different cars , restaurants , parks , walking trails , department stores etc , then took two huge wheeled suitcases and flew to LAX and then to Mexico to meet my husband-all with the sit and stroll in tow.I needed no help getting in and out of the hotels/cabs/planes because the `` one handed steering '' is just that.I checked it at the gate each time and put her in the bjorn for everything else.She seemed to be as comfortable as the regular car seat and stroller we use.It was perfect , no extra space needed for a stroller , no gross high chairs at restaurants -LRB- and if she was alseep , I just put the handle down and nestled the stroller under the table -RRB- . Also the toy bag that comes with is my permanent toy bag now-basic , mesh handled thing that hangs off the bars.I also covered it really simply with some pretty lightweight fabric for warm weather.Here are the down sides to the sit and stroll : Not the prettiest contraption ... -LRB- sorry , ... vanity . . -RRB- Annoying to install , but not as difficult as some have said-put a rolled up blanket or towel underneath to stabilize or use the seat back in front of it -LRB- rear facing -RRB- to brace it.On the heavy side to convert alone , but doable.I had lots of bruises on my arm from the bar on the back -LRB- I converted it alone for most of the trip , but I did it successfully every time without a whole lot of effort-squeeze and push down or squeeze and pull up -RRB- . Sunshade needs to be longer , I used a rayshade extender to supplement.Wheels are n't cushy at ALL , so any traveling on unsmooth surfaces is not pleasant for you or baby-loud and rattling and bumpy-but for airports and hotels and malls and a day by the pool at the beach it is just fine-cobblestone streets are not so fun though.that is it !
 First of all , I must say this is not meant to be a consistant carseat or a consistant stroller . It is no where near as uitlitarian or comfortable as a conventional stroller or carseat.That being said , for travel purposes , from someone who has travelled with her 5 year old all over the globe , this invention has been a lifesaver . It has saved us time beyond compare.My first flight with my daughter , we had a regular infant car seat - you still need to carry it over your head through the isles on an aircraft . It was an international flight , and we had to run with a carseat - with an infant in it -LRB- NO FUN !!! -RRB- to then wait for the stroller to come through customs , and still miss our connecting flight.We learned . Our next flight , all we had was our carry on luggage , diaper bag and the carseat/stroller . We took her out of the seat as we disboarded the plane and used it to carry our carry ons , and I used a kangaroo to carry her . SO MUCH EASIER , and quicker . Now we do n't have to wait for the stroller to come off the plane , or the carseat for that matter . We also do n't have to worry about requiring a carseat at our final destination.I have had a few flight attendants , who are not familiar with the carseat , question the `` allowability '' of the seat on the plane . Make sure you keep a copy of the manual in the basket of the stroller to show them it is FAA approved . I have also had a situation of the stroller collapsing while we were using it once , but it could also be that we did not snap it correctly . Fortunately , it will not harm the child , even if it does collapse , because only the wheels come up.I am overall pleased with the product . I have owned mine for 4 years , and everywhere I go I always get people asking where they can get one . The concept alone is sheer genius !
 I rarely write reviews but had to for this one . This stroller is absolutely fantastic for travel . I love it . I have traveled with my now 2.5 year old at least 8 times with it . I ditto everything in Rebecca 's review . Most of the complaints I feel are user error or extreme fussiness . I would n't want to travel with my child any other way . It 's so nice not having to deal with both a stroller and a carseat . To me , it 's not a big deal to pick it up and carry it 20 feet down the airplane aisle . Sometimes I let my child out and have him walk so I do n't have such a load . Really , it 's not that much effort to take a minute to take him out and another minute to strap him in again once we get seated . My child now weights about 32 pounds and I have no trouble collapsing or opening the stroller with him it . I 'm not very strong either . It takes a little getting using to , but practice before going on a trip . When he 's been asleep upon landing , I 've carried him off the plane in it , opened it , collapsed it again for the car ride , installed it , carried him into the house , and he 's actually slept in it all night , without ever waking up . My only complaint about it is that the latch function should be improved and that 's why I give it 4 stars . They should design a new version where the latch strap goes through the body of the seat somehow rather than over it , because it is a real pain having to install it every time . But for the other conveniences it 's not that big of a deal for a week or so . What I do is just loosen the strap enough to get the seat out and leave the strap hooked . It 's certainly not perfect but it 's better than anything else , and the benefits for travel outway the negatives . It 's not a behemoth either as suggested by another reviewer .
 We just took our first trip with this . It is a must-buy for any parent who travels regularly . We used to take our stroller AND carseat on every trip - and carry both through the airport - talk about cumbersome ! But , we want our daughter strapped into a car seat in-flight , as well as be able to use our stroller for all the walking through airports . Now , we have one piece that does both ! I found it to be easy to strap into airplanes or cars . The stroller pushes and steers well , despite a handle that does not extend high enough in my opinion . I will say that it 's NOT easy to convert to a stroller from a car seat or vice versa with the child IN the seat . Our daughter is 27lbs and it 's way too heavy and awkward to do that . Also , while my daughter does n't seem to mind , I noticed that the seat does not have a lot of padding and it does not breathe - my daughter gets very sweaty when she 's in it for a long time . Other than that , I 'm satisfied with it and am so glad we got it . Makes things SO much easier ! Anything that cuts down on the amount of stuff you need to travel with is a good thing , in my book !
 This seat was the best purchase I have made for my son . We travelled to Hawaii and were dreading having to lug a carseat and sroller through the airport . I found this online and WOW am I glad I did . The stroller practically steers itself . There have been some complaints about the handle being flimsy , but it wiggles so you can steer it with one hand . I got a lot of jealous looks from other parents who were checking their strollers when I locked the wheels up and carried my son on the plane . It did not fit down the aisle -LRB- 767 on Hawaiian -RRB- , but no big deal . I have also read someone 's review about it being for shorter people . I am 6 ' 1 '' and my husband is 6 ' 4 '' . Neither one of us had a problem pusing it . THe handle has 3 different levels , maybe they just did n't keep the handle release pushed until it was fully extended . I was n't completely thrilled with the strap placement in the carseat , but that is a small price to pay for the convenience . My son fell asleep in it and never even flinched when I took the seat out of the car and engaged the wheels . As long as you hear the click , the wheels are locked . The complaints I have read seem to be more from user error than product . THe only thing I would change would be the anchor system in the car . In a nutshell , I would give an absolute YES for travel , a no for every day use .
 Not sure how many air miles we have put on this , but MANY ! Yes , its a bit clumsy , but the fact that you can stroll to the gate AND she can sit in it during the flight is soooo worth it ! The flight attendants do not see many of these , so its great that there is an `` FAA approved '' sticker on it . Make sure you show that to them so they do n't make do gate check ...
 I like this product , it 's nice to keep the baby in the seat as you go from the car to the restaraunt/airport/whatever , although it does take some strength to lift up the seat and extend the wheels with the baby in it . Baby is also very low to the ground when in stroller mode but I never cared . It 's a good combo . And I think it 's the only combo.On planes , It * does not * fit through the aisle in coach class , you have to lift the seat over all those other seats , with the baby in it -LRB- whew -RRB- . If baby has his own seat you do n't have to use it rear facing , the flight attendants will ask you to face it forward no matter what the baby 's age.There is also no storage space , really , as in traditional strollers . However for sheer convenience , I do recommend this product !
 This seat is really a safety must ! After traveling with our infant son we found that riding in cabs or between airports on the shuttle without him in a restraint was just too great of a risk . Now that the seat has the latch system it is easier to use and we have had no problems . It is definitely not for everyday -LRB- in your regular car -RRB- use but is a must for safe travel . We highly recommend it - easy to understand and use !
 The sit 'n stroll has been one of the best purchases we made for simplifying travel with our child . First purchased about a year ago when our daughter was about 13 months we have since used it on 3 trips , a total of 6 flights . The wheel folding mechanism sometimes sticks and has to be jiggled , but overall the product works as it is supposed to , and although the handle feels flimsy , it has held up . On our last flight , we had to ask for seatbelt extenders from the flight attendant , it was no problem . I have traveled with and without the sit 'n stroll with children , and for me , it 's worth every penny , especially when just my daughter and I traveled together . No struggling with a stroller and a car seat . Less is more , you know ? I feel an overwhelming sense of gratitude to the makers of this stroller when we sail past the families struggling with all the accoutrement of traveling with children . Accoutrement!It 's been handy as an extra car seat at home . Our actual car seat is so big that when we have car traveled with friends who also have children in car seats , this has fit where the other car seat was just too wide.Could be improved . The `` storage space '' is laughable.When going through the security line at airports , this does have to be inspected through the x-ray scanner .
 My wife and I brought the sit and stroll a while back and have used it on a number of occassions . It 's an excellent idea and very functional . I have no problem converting it from a seat to a stroller and back again with our daughter in it , although my wife struggles with it a little bit.For vacations , the sit and stroll is a godsend , I like the fact that it will fit with both car seat belts and has an attatched latch system -LRB- the latter of which I think is much more secure -RRB- There are some drawbacks , these being :1 -RRB- The handle seems rather flimsy ,2 -RRB- The stroller does n't like being pushed off deep curbs . The front wheels seem to jam underneath it and it requires you to lift the unit forward with your foot before you can proceed ,3 -RRB- Our child is of a size where she is between rear-facing and forward facing . We can not put her forward facing right now because she is too small and the belt is at her throat -LRB- when it should be across her chest -RRB- , but rear facing , her legs are scrunched up against the rear of the car seat . There is no way I can install it with her in it at this size which makes putting her in the seat difficult . This will cease to be a problem when she is bigger and forward facing , but it is a problem now .4 -RRB- I have no idea how you install this rear facing in an aircraft , there just is n't enough room between seats -LRB- certainly in economy class -RRB- . Most airlines insist the seat is forward facing anyway and we have settled for latching the aircraft seat belt through the mechanism on the back of the unit .5 -RRB- I wish the guides that the car/airplane belts ran through were raised a little higher on the seat , when a belt is in place it runs very tight across my daughters legs or chest , restricting her movement significantly.These are n't major gripes though . In all , we have been very satisfied with the seat . I would recommend it , it makes travelling with a little one significantly easier
 My husband & I bought this for our 17-month-old for a trip to Mexico . We did n't end up using it as a car seat much since we went straight to a resort and did n't leave the whole time . It still came in handy b/c at this resort you had to go everywhere on a van or tram so it was nice to have the stroller feature and be able to collapse it so he could ride in the van . Also we can use it until he is 40 lbs which at the rate he is going will be quite some time from now.It is true that the stroller is n't as sturdy as our Graco one at home but if you 're not off-roading with it then it 's fine . Perfect for airports . I can see where the handle would be too short for tall people but I 'm 5 ' 5 '' and it works well for me . It is fairly easy to convert it from stroller to car seat & back again , but the process does leave some bruises the way a previous reviewer said . Sometimes you have to shake it a few times to get the wheels to pop out.All in all it was the perfect travel solution for us but I would n't use it as a full-time stroller .
 Our baby is 13 months old and needed his own seat on the plane . We wanted to travel as light as possible and got himt he Sit 'n Stroll and it turned out great . On Continental the stroller just went directly to our seat without a problem . Just make sure to practice collapsing the seat since it can get a bit tricky . Since the stroller is close to the ground know that the ride wo n't be super smooth but my baby was still able to fall asleep while he rode in it . We used this in cars , planes and restaurants - great purchase ! Happy travels .
 Triple Play Products are a joke of a company . They have no customer support , for example I needed to get a handle for my sit n stroll , it took 3 weeks of me calling nonstop for them to get aggravated enough to send me one . They also left a voice mail saying I was swearing and harassing them . First I never swear when talking to any kind of customer service even if it is a voice mail every time you call for three weeks straight . Second if by harassment they mean the first ten days that I called I was nice and the last 11 days I called I told them that their customer service is nonexistent and a joke and that the company had no business ethics what so ever , then guilty as charged . I also got in touch with Strolex the actual maker of the sit n stroll and tried to get parts thru them they gave me the Triple Play Products phone number . When I explained my problem with Triple Play to Strolex they did n't seem to be shocked , and even said other people have had the same problem with them . The product is great you can get one at -LSB- ... -RSB- with the mesh bag and the sun cover and shipping . Great product I just hope you never have to replace parts , and if you do need to get parts plan on waiting 3 weeks for a response , and to be called a harassing customer because Triple Play Products has no clue what business ethics are .
 I got this stroller before my son was born for strictly travel reasons . We have family in three states so we knew we would have to fly often . I started using it as a car seat when my son out grew his graco infant seat . We ended up taking a three week trip to England and Ireland and boy did this seat pull its weight ! It is not as tough looking as the bigger strollers but this chair made it up and down flights of stairs and escalators in England in the Underground . I thought for sure it would not survive one more trek across cobble stones but it did . It was great being able to use this chair as a car seat and a stroller so we did not have to pack an extra item . It also gets a lot of compliments both here and abroad from other parents . The only negative thing I have seen so far is some airplane seats are not wide enough to fit the chair . Make sure you find out what your flying on ahead of time so you know if you have to check it at the gate.This seat was a great investment , I plan on using it as a car seat until my son out grows it and needs a booster !
 I do love the sit n stroll . We used this when our son was 6 months old and at 16 months and it was a dream . You just have to be use to taking the child out of the seat before you collapse it into a car seat . We only used this for the airport and car rentals . We already had a stroller at our destination which makes things a lot easier . So using the Sit n Stroll for the Airport , Flight car seat and Rental Car Seat is the optimal way for us in having this a success . We have used other solutions such as the CARE seat belt which is also awesome , but our son is still to small not to use the 5 point harness.We hope this helps other parents .
 I saw the sit n stroll when I was on vacation and thought to myself what a great idea . I did some research before buying . It was everything I hoped for . It worked great on the airplane , in the rental car , and in the restaurants . I traveled alone with my child . I had no problems lowering the wheels or raising the wheels . I would reccomend this item to anyone who plans to travel by plane . Get the tote bag .
 We brought our baby home in this over 7 months ago and have been using it every single days since . We love it and it really has paid for itself . You ca n't be weak though ... it is slightly hard to convert if you 're not strong ... but then again , I was able to convert it with no trouble just a few weeks after my c-sec . We also get so many compliments on the stroller where ever we go . It 's ultra convenient when he falls asleep during the car ride because we do n't have to wake him up to `` move '' him to a stroller .
 We 've only used this on small commuter flights with two by two seat configurations -LRB- like CRJ-700 -RRB- and it has worked well . It works easily rear facing with the seat belt or forward facing with a belt extension -LRB- which you have to ask the flight attendant for -RRB- . I assume it would work well on big planes . It also fits through the X-Ray machines easily -LRB- face down -RRB- and the two mechanisms to retract the wheels and handle are intuitive and quick . The only thing to keep in mind is that its pretty big and when you carry it onto the plane -LRB- small plane -RRB- you have to hold it up over the seats . If you are first on the flight , that 's easy ... if the plane is full you have to be careful not to bonk passengers on the head . Its not very heavy so carrying it up the steps is n't hard -LRB- again , small planes -RRB- . If you are traveling alone though and you have to carry your child , you will will to get some help from crew ... which was n't an issue for us .
 As a grandmother and great aunt I have not personally used this stroller but have heard from those who have one that it is terrific for traveling with young ones . While in Europe , my daughter was asked about where to get one more than once . My niece loves it and it was recommended to her by someone who has one.I very much appreciated that I found a company that would ship it to Hawaii for at NO cost .
 After reading some of the reviews for this product , I was a little wary of purchasing it . Anyway , I decided to give it a try as I could not find anything else like it . At the time of travelling , my daughter was 6 months old and about 18lbs and we were travelling to Las Vegas . We needed something that we could use as a carseat and a stroller without having to mess around with both items . This was the perfect product . We travelled down to the airport with her in the carseat and within a few seconds of arriving at the airport it was a stroller . She sat on my lap on the plane so we just put the carseat where the strollers go when you get on the plane . I definately recommend this product to everybody who is travelling with a young child . There are just two negative things about this product and they are :1 . The handle can feel a bit flimsy when you are pushing it around2 . It can be difficult to transform it from carseat to stroller with your child inside.Overall , I love this product and my daughter liked to be in it also .
 I love this car seat stroller . It goes from car to airplane in no time flat . Great if you travel with small children with just one adult . Also great if running errands and your child falls asleep , no need to wake them up to get in and out of the car . However , the older they get and the more they weigh the harder it is to get the whole thing in and out with them in it . I still love this product .
 My husband and I received this stroller/carseat from my parents when I was pregnant . I did not think it was sensible to use for a newborn and waited until my son grew out of his Graco carseat . He was 5 months and 20 pounds . For the past 4 months , we have used this for everyday use , trips , and airplane rides . It did fit on Mesa airlines/AKA AmericaWest Express . I though it would n't fit when I tried to plop it in vertically , it seemed to big , you just have to slide it in horizontally . It has been a great stroller and the only problem for me is I am not the strongest person . My son is almost nine months and getting heavier , so each week it gets harder and harder . It was also hard in the beginning but eventually I got the hang of it and did build the muscle needed . Also , being so short -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- , I had to figure out my own way of opening it up with my son in it . My arms were not long enough to spread wide and reach the lowered bar to get the wheels down.I do recommend it though . It is definitely convenient for traveling .
 We bought this stroller little more than two years ago and used it twice , once for travelling to Japan/Korea , and to Orlando Florida . It made travelling on a airplane so much easier not having to carry both carseat and stroller . Our daughter was about 14 months old when we travelled from San Francisco to Korea then to Japan , Japan back to Korea then to San Francisco . Our daughter was quite happy during the flights and slept with ease . And since the stroller is on a smaller side , using it on trains and buses were very easy too . We went all over Tokyo with this stroller and my daughter was perfectly happy enjoying her ride . When we were in Korea , all the moms we ran into came up and asked where we got the stroller . The stroller looks very unique and very comfy for the kids since the seat is like a mini sofa chair . This trip alone made this stroller a great purchase . When we went to Orlando Florida , our daughter was 2 1/2 years old . She still fit comfortably during our flights . She was about 39 inches tall , and about 30 pounds at the time . We 're definitely keeping this stroller around for our next kid to enjoy many more long distance travels .
 I bougth this specially for a trip abroad , it works great ! Now I use it as a second car seat , so I have this seat in MY car . Really it worth every penny it cost , so far , it seems very sturdy , it 's compact , changes very wel from seat to stroller -LRB- although you need help to do it if your child it 's seated on it -RRB- . I recomend it completely ! for me it has been a great purchase ! , very convenient in the airport , fits esasyly on the airplane seats , convert to stroller withouth the need to take the baby off it . My son is a very big 15 month old baby , and he fits very confortably on the stroller.This seat is very conveniento to travel , take taxis , go sigthseen -LRB- on pavel roads and streets , it wont run on grass or dirt -RRB- , even to use on your car as every day seat and stroller . With the straps that it has , I even use it as a dine seat at restaurants ! for me , it has been a very good investment ! I 'm very happy with it !
 I originally purchased this item solely because my wife and I were going to be traveling abroad . It lived up to its expectations imensely ! We are so satified with the product that we recommend it to anyone who is thinking about it . There are some disadvantages , such as taking it out of the car and then trying to open it as it is sometimes difficult while the child is still seated in the seat . -LRB- not recommended to do , by the way ... -RRB- But as I mentioned before , being able to put it in the airplane seat and have our son sit comfortably was great . He enjoyed every minute of being in the seat . The seat doubled up as a booster chair for dinner and that was great as well . Wish it came with a strap for securing the seat to the chair . The handle is flexible and collapses easily . The small storage area below the seat helps with stowing diapers and wipes for the baby . As mentioned , I highly recommend this product to any parent or caregiver planning on taking any flights or traveling as this product was very convenient .
 My husband and I bought this for our 12mth old for a family trip . It saved us time and space . We absolutely recommend the Car Seat/Stroller to anyone who does n't want to carry a car seat and stroller . It is still comfortable for our daughter who is 20 months now .
 This is really good for traveling . The instructions show it going from carseat to stroller with the child in it and I will say that 's really hard to do . Also the latch that keeps it in the stroller position is a bit difficult . We 've had it collapse a couple of times .
 Going from lugging around a heavy infant carrier to the convenience of pulling this out of the car and pushing down a lever to bring out the wheels has been a glorious transition.It 's not the best carseat out there , and is a tad inconvenient in some areas , but the ease of converting it to a stroller and taking my little girl into stores with it , far outweigh the other annoyances.One thing I will say - when the carseat is in the rear-facing position , it does tilt forward a bit for my liking . When my girl falls asleep her head is usually hanging forward because of the forward slant.The seatbelt has to go over the top of the seat , so you have to reattach everything every time you put your baby into it and that can get a little annoying.The stroller part is great though . And it 's SO EASY to adjust the tightness of the straps.Despite the small wheels , it 's actually a very smooth ride on concrete and bumpy parking lots . Much smoother then any shopping cart with her carseat in it , ever was - lol.I got this as a gift from my mom and did n't think I 'd like it , but I really love it now .
 I travelled with my 14-month old on my own with the Sit 'n' Stroll and it worked beautifully . I was able to push the stroller with one hand while trailing a roller bag behind me with the other . It worked out beautifully on the smooth floors of the airports , but at our destination , I kept it in the car while using an inexpensive umbrella stroller for walking . The wheels are n't really up to handling rough or uneven surfaces and it 's not convenient taking it in and out of the car constantly.When not travelling , it has come in handy as a second seat to put in a rental car or carpooling to destinations in a friend 's car.With the baby in the stroller , it was a bit too heavy for me to convert , but I was able to with a little help . Your mileage may vary according to your strength . Until I got the hang of it , I got a few scraped knuckles converting from stroller to seat.There are some build issues that keep me from giving it 5 stars . First , the plastic cover over the base cracked within the first week using it . It 's cosmetic - the seat is still structually sound , but it 's annoying and cheap , not to mention leaving a sharp edge . Also , the conversion is difficult to do smoothly , as my scraped knuckles will attest , if you do n't have the brute strength to lift the stroller easily . Finally , with the wheels stowed away , the base of the seat is rather slippery and the flap covering the wheels , well ... flap.Most of these issues are n't a problem if you have the strength to heft the stroller with baby strapped in . Then again , the whole point of this stroller -LRB- for me at least -RRB- was to make it easy for a woman on her own to travel easily with the baby . In any case , despite the few issues I had with the Sit 'n' Stroll I still highly recommend it for anyone travelling with a baby . It 's the best solution out there !
 I had originally purchase one of these great seats for a trip with our then 1.5 year old , about a year ago . I intended to use it for air travel and a short term 5 point stroller . -LRB- I was expecting at the time and was going to be buying a tandem stroller soon . -RRB- It has turned into her everyday carseat and stroller . We love this thing.Although the first month or so I did have brusies on my arm from converting it , I have since gotten the hang of it and is no longer a problem . It is much lighter then her other convertable seat . So much so I was still able at 39 weeks pregnant to convert it with her in it -LRB- daughter was about 26lbs at the time -RRB- ! It just makes travel much easier . As our second child is quickly out growing the infant carrier , I have even contacted the company to see if there is anyway of attaching 2 of these for use as a double stroller . They replied with they are working on it and hope to have something out in the next year or so.As not to go on and on , all I have to say is if you want to make getting around with baby simpler , whether around town or the world , buy one of these seats . It will be the best investment you make in baby gear . I just wish I had bought mine sooner .
 Everything you need in one ! Takes a little getting use to and hard to use in bad weather , but other than that it works great . Although if you 're tall it might be a bit of a reach to the stroller handle bars . I 'm 5 ' 6 '' and it works for me !
 We have used this carseat/stroller for all airplane trips for the past 2 years . It is wonderful and we get a lot of questions from other traveler 's with children -LRB- while they carry their car-seat and push a stroller -RRB- . It takes a little bit to learn how to use it , but once you learn ... it 's a cinch . I can still lift it with my 34lb son in it and retract the wheels.We did attempt to have Grandma use it as the carseat in her car . But , since you have to `` install '' it each time -- it 's just too much for her . But , for trips it really is indispensable .
 The stroller is a little flimsy for everyday use , and the whole thing is kinda heavy -LRB- especially with the baby in it -RRB- . It is not hard to transfer from stroller to car seat and back , but you need to have a little upper body strength if the baby is still in it . I use it as our regular carseat , but not our regular stroller . We only use the stroller option in airports.As for using it for flying , I would n't do without it . It is FAA approved , fits in all airplane seats that I 've tried -LRB- coach -RRB- , and it goes easily through the security checks . It is worth the cost just for this . I really like this product if you are a frequent flyer ; however , it is kind of a money-waster if you do n't .
 I must say that this is a really good car seat/stroller . We needed it for a long trip from Europe to Oklahoma . It made it sooo much easier . Then when we got to the states it was great for the ride from the airport then the other cars we had to use . As we were waiting for our other car seats when began to love it even more . We were able to go from car to mall , church , movie , store what ever with ease . The only thing we did n't like was that it did n't have an umbrella or something to protect for shade and it is n't suitable for rough areas like gravel or large brick areas . It tends to move funny around those kinds of areas other than that it has been great .
 I choose this pattern after days and hours of searching for the `` perfect '' bedset for my baby boy 's ocean/sea nursery . I kept coming back to this pattern , so I finally broke down and ordered it . While I thought it was very cute from the pictures online , I was even more excited to receive it ! It is everything I wanted and more . The quilt is beautiful and gives the look of `` water '' with soft texture on the whales . I love the yellow and blue colors together . I 'm so excited to put the nursery together and await my little boy , coming in Feb. . Great buy !
 We love the whaley whale bedding . The quilting done on it is so interesting . You ca n't really tell this in the picture , but the soft fabric is sewn so it looks like there are waves running through the water background . My daughter really likes the feel of the bumper.The one problem we found was that the ties on the bottom and top of the bumper do not hold it onto our crib very well . I had to snip the bottom ties and hand sew them onto the top between the existing tie lines in order to make it fit our crib better . Even with this tiny alteration , I would buy this product again in a heartbeat . It 's extremely cute , and I think it works well for babies of any gender .
 This is too expensive for a ordenary crib set , I would n't pay anything more than may be $ 80 at the most . My wife has to have it , so here it is . Not the best of the quality control , string hanging from all over the place . Again Over priced
 I have wanted this bag since a friend of mine had one . There are so many compartents and so much space . I love the fact that it can turn into a bookbag . I love bookbag especially mini bookbags . I will hold on to it until I have all my kids . Thanks amazon . No one else had it , especially in this color . Amazon is the best ; they have rare items that I think of .
 This is one of the best moisturizers I have found . I admit , I was worried about putting oil on my face , but it soaks right in and feels great . I do live in the arid great basin , so I do n't know if it would soak in as well in a humid conditions . I also have sensitive skin . Most moisturizers work for a couple weeks then cause breakouts or reddening . Suki pure nourishing has not caused any problems . Finally , it has a subtle , pleasant fragrance that not linger.Suki makes great products and the ones I have tried have been worth the money .
 I stumbled upon Suki about four years ago and fell in love . At first I was a little sticker shocked by the number of products I would need at $ 25 - $ 75 a pop . Now I have a nice rotation of cleanser , toner , intensive brightening cream , pure facial moisture -LRB- BEST !!!! -RRB- , eye cream and a balancing serum . I find I go through the brightening cream and pure facial moisture the fastest which makes sense because my skin craves them!The pure facial moisture is the first oil I have used on my face that soaked right in and provided instant relief to dry skin . I use it after being outside on a cold winters day and right after the gym and sauna and feel refreshed and non-oily on both occasions . The fine lines which started in my late 20 's are now gone from my forehead , brow , eyes and mouth at age 35 . I am often told I look `` so young '' and I think suki since 31 has definitely been a factor . In full disclosure I do not wear makeup on a daily basis , so I am not often cleaning away products or pulling on my face . On the occasions that I wear mascara , eyeliner and foundation the moisture rich cleansing lotion works great as a cold/hot cream.I recommend visiting the suki website and getting your skin type `` prescription '' . I found that the products really are specific to different skin types by trial and error , but switching to my `` prescription has been the best combination for my skin . There will be many products that they recommend but not all are required right away . I would start with a cleanser , toner , pure facial moisture -LRB- night oil -RRB- and a day cream and no other synthetic products . If you ca n't afford this many products get the day moisture and oil and use a toner you have at home -LRB- without alcohol -RRB- . Then expand as you also fall in love with the feeling and nourishment of the natural vegan suki products . I especially appreciate the vegan minimal processed ingredients . I often think as I am using them , `` I could eat this and not call poison control or drink charcoal ! '' Which is awesome since it is being soaked up by your skin and into your blood stream!I hope you give suki a try as it is a great company that is trying to champion the use of real products with minimal processing . I do n't work or represent Suki in any way ; I am just a very happy customer . I am a research scientist in oncology and with cancer rates on constant rise I personally try to reduce contact with as many processed chemicals as possible . Environment is the largest factor in cancer . Not to say I do n't eat at MickeyD 's every once in awhile or love a good cheeto . I just try to keep down the high chemical and processed contents in everyday products and your face and hair products are used every day.Ok - my rating obviously is 5 out of 5 .
 I 've loved using essential oil treatments since my 30 's but the company that I really liked was bought out -LRB- Natus -RRB- . This is the best thing I 've found since . You use a very small amount 1-2 drops for most people , remember to apply while skin is still moist . It helps tah essential oils to absorb in and spreads it the way it should . Great product . My skin looks about 10 -15 years younger when I use this .
 So far its ok but i dont notice any difference as yet , we 'll keep using and make more comments later on . .
 This is a great product for keeping your skin ultra-moisturized . I started using it during the blistery cold winter months to keep my skin soft and supple . After I wash and tone my face , I put a few drops in my hands , rub them together , and smooth it on my face . I finish with my regular moisturizer . This product smells wonderful - I love to deeply inhale the aromas as I apply it to my face.I 'm really impressed with this company . I love their mission , their commitment to using natural ingredients , and their packaging is great , too !
 I love this serum ! It works well with Suki 's complexion brightening cream and her velvet facial moisture . I trend to have drier skin so I mix one drop of the serum with my moisturizer during the day and generally use just the serum and the eye tissue repair at night . It keeps my skin looking great ! It really helps balance the skin whether you have dry skin or not . My skin absorbs it up without hesitation . Recommended !
 I started using the Suki skincare line for acne prone/oily skin about a month ago . IMPRESSED does not even begin to describe how I feel about this line . All of the products , including the pure facial moisture have a nice , light fragrance . At first , I thought the facial moisture would be too heavy for my skin , but it goes on really light . While I 've had one or two pimples pop up , just one dab of the cleansing clay at night clears them up instantly . My face has n't looked this good in years . This line is not cheap , but I highly recommend it .
 By far the most favorite skincare product I own and have ever tried . I received a sample of this which is how I heard about it . The morning after I put it on , my skin was just glowing . I immediately went out and bought it and have been using it for months . I LOVE it . I thought it would be odd since it 's an oil , but it blends right in right away . I wear it under make-up almost daily and my skin never feels oily .
 I have a 3 1/2 year old and I 'm expecting a new baby , so I decided to get a sit-n-stand stroller . A friend of mine has one , but it 's ridiculously hard to push and turn . I decided that one of my big must-have 's for this stroller would be ease of turning and this stroller seems to do the job . My second child has n't been born yet , but I tried pushing this stroller around my carpeted living room with my toddler both in back and up front and it is still incredibly easy to turn and push , even on the carpet , so I have high hopes for when I have both kids on it.With my toddler sitting on the back , the basket is hard to get to , but it 's not like I would n't stop to take anything out of the basket anyway , so it 's simple to ask my toddler to get up so I can access the basket . The seat for the toddler has about 8 inches or so to slide back and forth and if you slide the seat forward the basket is easily accessible . Additionally , you can slide the seat forward while the baby is reclines and it allows the toddler to sit without being hunched forward , though his footstep is then directly underneath him -LRB- not a problem unless your child is trying to get on/off the stroller while it is in motion -RRB- . There are various positions for the baby to be in with the front seat being either upright or reclines and the footrest being either down or pointed out front -LRB- elevated -RRB- . The sun canopy can be moved to numerous positions to cover both baby and toddler when the sun is overhead , or you can move it to the front or back to completely cover the baby -LRB- if sleeping -RRB- or even the toddler.The food tray for the front seat has 2 cupholders , which is nice since you can have a drink for the baby within easy reach and a drink for the toddler that they can grab on the go while they 're running around . Additionally , mine came with a `` parent organizer '' which is a stretchy neoprene cloth that stretches over the handlebar . It includes two slots for drinks and a longer pocket -LRB- around 10 '' long -RRB- to put various items in and the other side -LRB- facing the toddler -RRB- has a smallish zippered pocket and a super long pocket -LRB- probably about 18 '' -RRB- to put various items in . There 's plenty of room there for snacks , drinks , toys , wallet , keys , iPod , etc. all within 2 inches of where your hands are when you 're pushing the stroller.Everything is super easy to assemble and take apart . It is super stylish and I ca n't even fathom anything that I would want in a sit-n-stand stroller that this stroller does n't have , not to mention several things they DO have that I never would have thought of . They have truly made a lightweight , durable product with everything a parent could ask for ! I was a little nervous paying $ 250 for this , but now that I have it I consider it a bargain ! Buy this stroller , you wo n't regret it !!
 I spent a lot of time researching the different sit and stand strollers , we have a boy on the way and a 3 year old girl ... I knew right away when we found out we were expecting that our daughter -LRB- even though she says she likes the idea of a brother -RRB- we knew that she would have a hard time not being involved or not being able to use all of ` his ' things ... so even though she has n't used in a stroller in over a year she would immediatley want to use one when she saw him using one . This is the perfect solution . The stroller is very lightweight , yet very sturdy and easy to maneuver with one hand . We had an expensive travel system with our first and it did not handle or feel as secure as this one . It fits our Chicco KeyFit 30 infant car seat perfectly and does not feel top heavy . I ca n't wait for our lil guy so that I can use this stroller !
 I have a newborn and 3 1/2 year old . Little did I know I would need a stroller to accomodate both girls . Not only is the Joovy ultralight lighter -LRB- good for me , I am a weakling -RRB- than other strollers that have a sit/stand feature for the older child , the color choices are awesome ! The red stroller I purchased came with the cool essentials parent organizer and a reversible seat cover for the front . I use the organizer to hold my wallet , keys , cell phone , water for me and my 3 year old and small bag of snacks . I have not used the seat cover since the baby will be in the carrier until she is 6 months . I have been using the stroller for a month and my 3 year old loves it . She always asks if we can use the new stroller . She is small for her age , so even with the front seat reclined as far back as it goes -LRB- there are only 2 settings , no full recline , for the front seat -RRB- to accomodate the baby carrier , Isabella has enough seat room but a larger child may have to sit more forward and not have enough sitting space or lean forward which would be uncomfortable after a time . She also enjoys the option of sitting or standing and the padded handles are comfortable for her to hold onto in either position . Be sure to read the instructions if you are concerned about the rear seat sliding . There are snaps to hold it securely in place . One of the most beneficial features of this stroller is the extra large canopy . Both girls can be completely protected from the hot Texas sun . The stroller is easy to maneuver , fits down all kinds of store aisles and tight places and handles asphalt and concrete smoothly . If you have trouble turning be sure your front wheels are not locked so they will swivel freely . I have not used it `` off road '' like at a fair , trade show or other indoor/outdoor event so I am not sure how it wheels on dirt/grass . I hope to try it out at Canton Trade Days soon . My husband has pushed the stroller a couple of times and he agrees that it maneuvers better than he originally thought it would due to the weight of both girls . As far as the storage underneath , it is small but functions fine with a small diaper bag or your older child 's belongings . You can access it from the back of the stroller when the older child is out of the way , have the older child pull out your stuff or pull out the stretchy sides to retrieve contents . I happen to have a good-sized diaper bag that I use for long day trips that can be snapped onto the stroller handle . I have also placed a bag under the baby carrier in the front seat with the foot rest locked in the upright position to keep the bag from accidently falling out when I run out of room underneath or in the parent organizer . Obviously this will not work when the baby is no longer in the carrier , but for now it 's another storage place . The stroller fits fine in the back of our RAV-4 -LRB- the 2004 smaller RAV -RRB- and as long as I remove the canopy and carrier attachment I can stand the stroller upright -LRB- be sure rear wheels are locked -RRB- and hold it in place with a strap I have or lay it down and still fit small additional items . This means a little more time getting the stroller in and out of the vehicle , but it is worth it . Great looking stroller , easy for me to use , easy to put together -LRB- I had to put the wheels on -RRB- and fun for my older child !
 I wanted to make sure that this stroller was compatible with the infant car seat that we had . I did a little research and went to www.joovy.com . There is a car seat compatibility list that you can click on after you select the model you want . Then I came back to order it from Amazon.com since it was eligible for free shipping . I 've been using it for a few weeks now and I 'm very satisfied with the way it works with our infant car seat and my 2 yr old loves riding on the bench .
 I just received this stroller in the Sunset color ... love it ! Smooth ride & great canopy . I felt that the front seat is a little shallow for my 3 1/2 year old . -LRB- the new baby is due any day -RRB- It can work , but she was n't super comfortable . I also like the height of the handle bar , it 's not low like so many strollers . It folds up and opens up like a breeze & as I have no storage space right now it fits under the baby 's crib ! I definitely recommend this to any mom and dad .
 I am so thrilled with our new stylish and chic double stroller ! It 's in super high demand and it did take a while to track one down in the sage color , but we finally have it and I could n't be happier with our purchase . We used the Iglesina Zippy stroller -LRB- lightweight and super easy to fold -RRB- for our first child and was holding off on getting a double when our second bundle of joy arrived , but it does come in handy for our 4 1/2 year old daughter when she gets tired at the mall and especially at Disneyland!I love : the sage colorstyling -LRB- very cool for a double & not bulky -RRB- ease of folding it upsmooth maneuverability , andthe fact that it 's so lightweight as the `` ultralight '' name suggests.The only feature I would add -LRB- to any stroller -RRB- are sturdy hooks durable enough to hang a diaper bag.All in all - A stylish stroller for savvy moms !
 I have a 5 , 3 and 6 week old and have been really happy with this stroller . It maneuvers well , my 3 year old really enjoys it and overall we are really happy . I had a double before this and I wish this had been available 3 years ago . I 've only had it a couple weeks so I hope it continues to work as it has already .
 This stroller is a great alternative to a double stroller . I like that I can use my older , non joovy infant carseat with it . The jumper seat is easy for my 2.5 year old boy to get in and out of by himself so i do n't have to lift him up to get him in the seat . I recommend this stroller to anyone who has a two year old and is pregnant .
 This stroller was my salvation over the past few months . I have a 14 month old and a 26 month old and they fight constantly in the side by side models and the tandem models are so big and cumbersome . I have fallen in love with the Joovy and now I never leave home without it . The stroller is so light weight and easy to use , I use it now in place of the MacLaren when I just have one of my children with me . I read a review here that said it does n't hold up well on all terrain or plane trips . I could n't disagree with you more . I took the kids all over the mountains of Gatlinburg , Tennessee without one problem . Our Joovy has also racked up some frequent flyer miles and is still in as good a shape as the day we got it .
 I love this stroller ! I have had it for 2 months and It is the best stroller I have had ! I am a mother of 2 , my first being 2.5 yrs old and my youngest 2 months . I take this stoller for fast paced walks and to the mall . It moves great and my oldest loves riding in it ! I thought he would n't want to ride in the back but , he loves it ! Its easy to fold and put away and it is light weight ! The only thing is that you have to take the car seat adapter and the shade off to put in the back of the trunk . I have an 06 Jetta and it has a very large trunk but , I still need to take both off . It 's actually very easy to put on and take off so I still rate it 5 stars ! If you are a mother of two this is a great product ! PLUS it looks great !
 Exceptional product . Chose this over the Joovy Caboose based on other reviewers and SO glad I did . I 'm petite and was able to carry it folded up with one arm . We bought this for our trip to Oahu for our 4 and 1.5 yrs old . The canopy completely protects them from the sun regardless of which directions . And when the kids are not sitting in it , we piled our stuff on it .
 I researched for HOURS trying to find the perfect stroller . I have a single jogger and hate big bulky strollers . I wanted one that moved very easily . I was a little nervous to get this one because I 'd sworn I 'd never get a sit and stand -LRB- as all the ones I 've tried I have hated -RRB- . I have been so happy with this stroller . It 's not 100 % perfect , but there is not a stroller out there that has everything I want.As far as handling , it moves very easy . It is n't a jogger so it does n't do as well if you are on sideways slanting hills or rocks or something , but I am fine with that . It turns on a dime and is great in stores or zoos or places where you have to do more than go straight . You can steer it with one hand.Some complained that you had to lay the stroller down to fold it , but if you simply read the instructions they tell you how to fold the stroller without laying it down . Just lock the wheels and pull the front up to you . Easy.As far as a car seat in the front fully-reclined seat making it hard for the second child , it does not bother my child at all . She loves her seat that she can stand or sit or kneel . She feels like such a big girl . It is also nice to not have to get her out and put her in when at the zoo or like places.It fits great inside my car . Folds pretty flat ! I read some comments that you need to take off the car seat extender or the tray to fold it , that is not true . If you need it to be shorter to fit inside your car you can remove those , but it is not mandatory , nor is it difficult . Fits in my Nissan Maxima trunk just fine.One cool thing is you can lock the front wheels if you want . I guess it would make it safer to jog with , although if you want a stroller mostly for jogging I would recommend a jogger over this one.I may have missed some things , but I would recommend this stroller to anyone . It is great . Definitely happy with my purchase .
 I 've had this stroller just over one month . I have an 18 month old and a 3 ! / 2 year old . My 6 year old even fits in the back when he rides occasionally . My 3 1/2 year old is very big for her age -LRB- 95 % height & weight -RRB- , but she fits perfectly . It 's easy to maneuver and lightweight enough to easily get in and out of my minivan.I bought this for some upcoming trips this summer , figuring if my older children get tired , they could sit for awhile and we would n't have to rent theme park strollers . We 've been using it since it arrived to get used to it & I ca n't say enough good things about it . I love the fun color options , hard to pick just one .
 This stroller was easy to set up and even easier to use . Very light-weight , but sturdy . Beautiful color that compliments all kinds of baby blankets and accessories .
 The Joovy ultralight is everything I imagined it would be . It 's convenient and light , compared to other strollers . My 2 year old loves it and it works well with my Chicco carseat for my newborn . The only inconvenience is that my 2 year old has to bend forward a little when he 's sitting because of the carseat . Nevertheless , we 're looking forward to using it when we travel and as they get older .
 i just sold my phil and ted 's so i could get this stroller and i am so happy i did !!! the phil and ted 's was a very cool stroller but did n't suit our day to day needs . i fell like i only used it on walks and such b/c it was kind of a pain for everyday use . i just got the caboose in the other day and i love it ! it is so light and very easy to steer . my 2 1/2 year old loves to sit on the back :-RRB- she feels like a big girl ! my 7 month old also like it too . she fits very comfortably in the front and i love that there is a snack tray ! the stroller also folds up very nicely . it is a bit long with the sun shade and snack tray but i just take them off and put them back on when i need them . i also love the parent organizer ! it 's perfect ! i love this stroller and only wish i had gotten it to begin with !
 Very versatile . My 2.5 year old can choose to sit in the seat , sit on the back seat platform , or stand . My 3 month old 's car seat -LRB- snugride -RRB- fits beautifully in the front or back - see pictures other reviewer posted . We 've had this for about 4 weeks now and errands are no longer dreaded . Fits nicely in the back of my small 4 door car -LRB- as long as the canopy and car seat holder are unattached -RRB- and even leaves a little room for groceries . Easy to fold and unfold . Initially wondered how it would hold up but so far seems to be strong and light . My toddler thinks it 's cool to stand and will take the initiative to sit down when tired .
 We have a 3 year old and a new baby in a car seat . Overall very happy with product . We notice our older kiddo likes to sit forward facing on the back seat and put his feet in the basket below . Little worried the basket is going to fall apart after some use as it seems a little loose on stitching . Other than that , its easy to tear down and put back together . Very happy overall
 This stroller is perfect for anyone who has an infant and a toddler . My daughter is 3 and she likes to walk when we are out , but there are times when she wants to sit or when it just isnt safe for her to do it . With this stroller - she jumps right on for the ride through the parking lot , or sits when she has had enough walking . Also - I still had my Graco infant seat from my daughter , so I was able to use it for my newborn because this stroller will hold just about any carseat out there - safely I must add . It makes turns well and is easy to fold up and pick up - it is a bit long with the carseat attatchment on it , but I havent had a problem with it - it is easy to remove and put back on and at 6 months - baby can sit in stroller seat . I constantly get comments and questions about this stroller when I am out . So pleased with this stroller !!!!
 I am very pleased with the joovy sit and stand . The wheels are great . We have a 2yr old and a 3yr old . They will both sit or stand . I chose this one over other brands because it looked like it was better quality . It is . We are very pleased and feel it is worth the extra money . The parent organizer is included with this particular model . It is easy to collapse and is also compact . The kids like it .
 This works wonderfully . I 've used it for about 4 1/2 months now . It steers like a dream and is n't much bigger in wheelbase than my single stroller/carseat combo . The basket underneath is n't very big , but that is minor compared to ease of use , smooth ride , and alternative larger size of other double and tandem strollers . It fits in the back of a Jeep Liberty just as well as a single stroller , and will fit better once the infant seat bar comes off . The ULTRALIGHT is definitely the better model .
 This stroller is the perfect alternative to those massive double strollers . My infant rides in the Graco car seat in the front while my strong-willed and independent 3-year old chooses whether she wants to walk or , when she gets tired/out of control , to sit or stand in the back . This sit/stand stroller gives preschoolers the extra control and freedom that they crave . It does n't matter that she ca n't lie back and nap in the back seat ... she would n't nap in a stroller anyway.I had been interested in the original Joovy Caboose before our 2nd child was born and I remember wishing that it came a little lighter . The Ultralight was just what I had hoped for . Though the car seat attachment makes it a little long when folded , it 's size and weight are very reasonable . It is small enough that I do n't feel weird using it even when I only have one child with me . It handles well in stores with tight aisles and on bumpy sidewalks . I carry a fairly small diaper bag , so I do n't have any trouble sliding it into the basket by stretching the elastic on the sides . The parent organizer , which comes with the Ultralight , is very functional . I 'm very happy with this stoller .
 I purchased this stroller before a vacation last month and love it ! It took me about 5 or 6 minutes to put it together out of the box . The front seatbelt is easy to adjust . I love the parent organizer that came with it too ! The one I got has two cup holders -LRB- the one I purchased for my sister only had one cup holder -RRB- and works great ! My older daughters love to ride in the back . It is so much lighter than the usual double stroller . I was so happy to get rid of the old stroller ! The only problem I 've had is that my daughter 's sippy cups are the tall ones and the cup holder in the fron tray is n't very deep , so if you hit a significant bump , the cup falls out a lot . I have n't noticed that the storage basket is too small , it 's perfect for us . The foot rest in the front is a bit small , but has n't been a problem . The material is really easy to clean and it seems really durable .
 I love this stroller ! I spent a lot of time researching all my options , I have a 1 year old and a 4 year old . My 4 year old is so happy with it too ! The stroller folds up and down easily , is pretty lightweight compared to the other sit-n-stand strollers , and I love all the pockets in the parent organizer . It moves and turns so smoothly too ! My opinion is do n't buy the Baby Trend or the regular Caboose - this one is the best of the three ! Great stroller overall , my only complaint is that the bench itself does not seem to stay in place very well . My child 's feet also slip off the platform when she is sitting on the bench , I 'd like to see a lip on the outer part of the platform , not just the inside . Great buy though , I am very happy !
 I bought this to replace our DuoGlider and am extremely pleased . Our double stroller before when folded up would not fit in our Pilot , when the 3rd row seat was up . This stroller when folded fits great even with the 3rd row . My 3 year old loves that he can stand or sit . In my opinion it was worth every penny !!
 We Love this stroller ! We have a 1 yr . old and a 4 1/2 yr old . We use the BOB double stroller for big walks outside and purchased the Joovy for the airport . It is easy to fold up and put through security and a great option for our daughter when she is tired of walking . A great airport , city , mall , drs. office etc. stroller!Joyce in MN
 I absolutely love the Joovy Caboose . It is so lightweight compared to the other strollers I have had in the past I feel like I am merely tossing it into the back of my car ! My 3 year old loves to jump on and off and my 20 month old is very comfortable in the front . I also love that it comes with the organizer with drink holders . This one has it all !
 I needed a double stroller of some type for my 2 month old and my 3 1/2 year old . The traditional double stroller seemed excessive and not to mention bulky for me so I looked at the sit and stand strollers . Hands down , the Joovy Ultralight was the winner . It is very light , folds down flat , and has a mommy organizer . I know people are put off by the small basket-lack of storage - but when weighing the pros and cons I decided this was worth the sacrifice !
 My girls are 20 months apart and my 2 year old sometimes likes to walk and other times likes to ride in the stroller so I thought this would work well and it has . I love it . It folds incredibly easy and small -LRB- smaller than my Graco Metrolite single -RRB- . It also is smaller than most sit and stands which was something I was looking for ... it easily fits in the trunk with room to spare -LRB- including in our Prius -RRB- . It 's also shorter than most Sit and Stands which is a major plus since most sit and stands are the same length as twins , this one is only a few inches longer than our single making it very easy to manuver in stores . The parent organizer is extremely helpful as it gives you a place to set your keys , wallet , drink , whatever . I like that the child can be buckled into the back seat . The stoller is very easy to use and lightweight . An all around great buy !
 This is , hands down , the best double stroller for two kids that are different ages . Mine are 1 and almost 3 . I have owned and then sold Peg Perego 60/40 , Babytrend ... name it , I 've had it and hated it.The kids love this . I love this . I have it in Greenie and it is GORGEOUS , it is solid and light at the same time , I can not say enough good things . It turns on a dime , fits through anything , and is literally only a few inches bigger than my Peg single.Ignore any negatives , such as the basket being hard to get to , etc. . There is not one negative on this stroller . It comes with the carseat adapter and I think it would accomodate any seat.My oldest has not problem sitting in back with the carseat in , by the way . Slide the bench up and they are just fine.Don ' t even think about shopping reviews anymore , this is the one . I wish I could turn back time and not spend all the money on all the crappy heavy strollers I have been lugging around , so hopefully this review will save you the trouble .
 I took my Joovy Ultralight to Disney World in November 2009 . I 've been using it for two years now . It is perfect for Disney , especially since I can spot the bright orange easily . I have a 6-year-old and a 4-year-old . I removed the front tray so that my younger daughter can get in and out for the rides on her own -LRB- a must for Disney -RRB- otherwise she was constantly stepping on the seat to get out . Since she needed storage for her drinks and snacks , etc. . I attached two Sunshine Kids Side Rider baskets , one on each side of her seat -LRB- attached to the outside arms -RRB- ... perfect solution for an older child . I wrote to Joovy asking them to make cup attachments accessories like they did for the Ergo ... . fingers crossed.I love my Joovy and I plant to use it for my mext Disney trip since it 's a lot of walking for young children and renting their double stroller for my stay would have cost $ 300.00 . The only problem is having to take it on the buses back to the resort but it folds up nicely . NOTE
 My son was 2 when my daughter was born and at a stage where he did not like riding in strollers . We had a Graco travel system when he was born and it was so heavy we hardly used it . So , I was in the market for a double stroller that # 1 was light weight , # 2 had a universal infant seat attachment so I did n't have to buy a new car seat , # 3 my son would actually sit in without screaming to get out , and # 4 that would enable me to take 2 small children out alone with the least amount of stress as possible . When I came across sit n stands they seemed to fit the bill . After pouring over all the reviews I decided to spend a little more and get the Joovy Caboose and I 'm so glad I did.The only time I had an issue with my Joovy was when we took it to Disneyland and at the end of a long day my son was ready to go to sleep and I had no place to put him -LRB- the infant car seat was in the front -RRB- . We ended up renting another stroller which was fine because I had family with me to push it . The next time we went to Disneyland I brought along the Baby Bjorn carrier to put the baby in so he could use the front seat to relax in if he needed to , but we found that it was too small for him -LRB- he was 2 1/2 and average height -RRB- . His feet dangled over the foot rest and the seat did n't recline enough for him to get comfortable . Still , I 'd much rather deal with renting a stroller on the few occasions we go to theme parks rather than always lugging around a heavy double stroller with 2 full seatsPros : - It is light , maneuvers great , folds easy , and is easy to get in and out of the car-My son LOVES riding on the back bench . When the front seat is reclined -LRB- or we when were using the infant car seat adapter -RRB- he has to lean forward a bit and it looks uncomfortable but it has never bothered him-I love that I have the option of strapping him in the back seat when I 'm alone and need him to remain seated but also letting him hop on and off freely at other times . No more breaking my back trying getting him in and out of a stroller at the zoo.-My Graco snugride infant seat fit perfectly-The canopy and parent tray are fabulous-Colors and fabrics are high qualityCons : - The front seat is a little small and the foot rest is narrow.-Front seat does n't recline back very far for naps-Basket underneath is not easily accessible with a child on the back-My son will sometimes drag his feet while sitting on the back bench but when I tell him to stop he listens -LRB- especially if I tell him he 'll have to get off -RRB- Disneyland trips alone were not enough to convince me to buy another stroller but that coupled with the fact that we live in an area with steep hills and walk our dogs every night is why I recently gave in and purchased a double jogging stroller . The Joovy gets to be a little front heavy when going up and down hills and there is no safety strap if I tripped or fell and it got away from me . I plan to use the jogging stroller for evening walks or all day walking intensive activities , and the Joovy for shorter trips to the mall etc. . I figure I still spent less than the cost of most high end strollers and will now have 2 that meet ALL of our needs .
 I have a 2 1/2 year old and an 8 month old and I 've fought the idea of getting a double stroller because they are so BIG but I finally broke down . I did a lot of research on all the sit n stand type strollers and narrowed it down to the Joovy and Baby trend . Bought both to do a side by side comparison with my kids . No comparison . Most noticeable difference - The Baby Trend is SO much longer . It 's like navigating a limo , and when you fold it up it 's quite large . Space is already tight in the back of the SUV . You might as well get one of the big double tandem strollers . The Joovy is not much longer than a single stroller folded and in use , with plenty of room for both kids . Second big difference is the sun shade . The one on the Baby Trend is a joke -LRB- we live in the desert and need a good sunshade -RRB- . Joovy sun shade protects BOTH kids.The only negatives with the Joovy are that the storage basket is difficult to get to with both kids in it - it 's quite small . And my toddler tends to hit the brake with his foot . Does n't realize yet what it does , but I 'm sure it 's only a matter of time.Overall , it 's well made , easy to assemble and maneuver , looks cool and takes an infant seat in case we decide to have another baby . It 's more expensive than the Baby Trend but totally worth it . I am VERY happy with my decision .
 I have a 4 yr old and 3 mo old . This is my favorite stroller so far , and I have had many
 My kids are 4 and 2 . Joovy ultralight is the perfect product for a trip to the mall , the aquarium , etc. . Footprint of a single , folds like a single , fits easily into the trunk of a sedean , and maneuvers around tight corners like a single . I paid the extra $ for the lightweight version , and it is worth it for me for the extra convenience . And it comes with the parent organizer , so you do n't have to buy that separately . Unless you want a stroller in which the kids can sleep -LRB- the kids ca n't sleep in the joovy -RRB- this is the only double that you 'll need .
 Pros : lightweightsmooth rollaccommodates 3 year old and newborn -LRB- using Graco snug-ride infant seat -RRB- canopy protects both kids from bright sunparent organizer - drinks do n't topple over , zippered pocket for cell phone , miscellanyeasy assembly , including carseat adapterbench seat slides to access basketCons : Small basket , holds a purse or SMALL diaper bag , but not your shopping bags at the mallbench seat does not lock into place -LRB- minor detail , does n't affect usability -RRB- Requires two hands to fold and unfold ... slightly awkwardWe test drove multiple double strollers , and finally settled on the Joovy . I literally stopped Moms and Dads at the zoo and other places to ask how they liked their double strollers , and the Joovy received consistent praises.No double stroller is going to be perfect , and as a parent you have to decide what features matter most to you . If the big storage basket and multiple cup holders are what you need most , this is not the stroller for you . -LRB- Though the 2 cup holders in the parent organizer are good , the snack tray 's cup holder does not seem stable -RRB- . If you are looking for maneuverability and something that will work as your kids get older and outgrow huge diaper bags , but still occasionally need to rest from walking , this stroller is practically perfect.My 33 lb , 38 inch tall 3 year old loves the big kid seat . She also still fits in the front seat when the baby is not with us . The baby does n't really have an opinion , but he does fall asleep on strolls , and between the canopy on his infant carrier and the canopy on the stroller , his eyes are protected from the sun.It fits fine in the back of our Toyota Highlander.I am pleased with our choice overall . ***** I took this with is to Disney World last summer -LRB- June 2010 -RRB- , and it was AWESOME for my 4 1/2 year old and almost 2 year old , except for the limited storage capacity . Next time I will buy the rain cover to go over it .
 We bought this stroller b/c our 4 1/2 year old -LRB- who is tall for her age -RRB- still loved to ride in her stroller . She is now 5 and 47 pounds and still loves it , sitting or standing . She has never been bothered by leaning forward when the infant carrier is in place though I can see how some children would find this annoying . She loves how she can sit under the canopy when it sunny or raining and does n't mind hunching down a bit . I appreciate the ease of this stroller as well as the sage color I chose . I purchased the babytrend infant carseat-carrier and it matches perfectly -LRB- great Consumer Report rating too -RRB- . The only problem I have with the stroller is that her feet often slip off the footrest . There is a lip on the footrest for the back of her heels and it would be nice if it continued around to the front . This easy fix would prevent this problem . I find that I 'm not the only mom complaining of this , based on reviews here . It would also be nice if the stroller could stand up when folded . I have a small , one-child stroller that stands on it 's four wheels and it 's so nice when moving it for whatever reason or storing it when not in use . You have to lie this stroller down , and because it 's long makes it more annoying . I 'd love if you could just fold it up and let go of it while you take stuff out of the car or whatever . That would be a nice design change . Anything to make a mom 's life easier . My 8 year old , tall son , has also sat in it on occasion , although he 's way too large for it . He 's 76 pounds which exceeds the weight limit of course , but it has n't broken , thank goodness ! We have a large SUV so the size has never been a problem . Overall , it 's been a great stroller ad I 'm very happy to have it !
 As a mom of three and having owned a wide variety of strollers over the years I love the way this stroller looks and rolls out of the box . To me , this is such a lightweight , easy to fold , unfold and load into the trunk item . It rolls so smoothly and turns on a dime . The parent holder looks so cool and CAN be WASHED !! My three year old son fit well on the back seat and the smile he had on his face when I pointed out the handles so he could stand securely on the back told me he 'll actually stay on this in the mall . My six year old , 43 pound daughter rode on the back with no weight in the front seat and the stroller felt sturdy and not at all like tipping back . Out of the box this beats any of the Peg Perego or Graco strollers we 've owned in the past . I 'll update this review after I 've used it with the new baby on the front and put some miles on this wonderful stroller ! 12/20/2008 After using this stroller for over a year and a half I still love it . My now just turned five year old loves to sit or stand on the back and I almost never have to fight to get him to stay on it . Practically , my older child has to sit a little hunched forward when the baby 's sleeping and it 's reclined all of the way back , but he can stand with no problem . Also , it 's a little hard to get my diaper bag in the attached storage area , but that 's just me being picky . The parent storage is wonderful and I 'm so glad I have the zippered area for keys and can put my phone and drink and other stuff safely tucked away . Airline boarding passes fit perfectly ! 1 1/2 years later it still pushes effortlessly and is perfect rounding clothes racks a the mall and navigating at restaurants . I love my stroller and still recommend it to people that ask about it .
 My children are 2 1/2 years apart , so we assumed that our older daughter would walk once our younger one was born , and the baby would ride in our stroller . After an entire summer of carrying the baby and letting my oldest sit in the stroller when she tired of walking , I decided to give my back a break this year and invest in a double stroller . With my now four-year-old , a side-by-side was n't a good option , because she 's big and also likes to hop in and out often . We bought the Sit-N-Stand because they sold it locally at Target , but I had to return it because it was like pushing a train . I 'm not a big person , and a 30 pound , long , clunky stroller plus sixty pounds of kids was just too much for me . I returned it . I had tried a friend 's Joovy , but now I knew that lighter weight and easier steering were critical when you 're pushing two kids . The Caboose Ultralight fits the bill . It turns easily and tightly , and the distance between the front and back wheels is shorter than on the Sit-N-Stand , so it does n't feel like a train . It 's also ten pounds lighter -LRB- whew ! -RRB- . Both my kids like it just fine , and the sun canopy actually covers them both -LRB- others did n't -RRB- . If you 're looking for a tandem but worried about paying the extra hundred bucks over the Sit-N-Stand -LRB- or even the extra $ 70 over the regular Joovy -RRB- , I would say it 's worth it . Sure , it looks similar to the other two , but it is just so much easier to use . Plus -- let 's face it -- the design and color are just so much cooler than the Sit-N-Stand . Go for it . I was glad I did .
 I 've been using this stroller for about a week now with a 1 yr old and a 4 yr old . It is VERY lightweight , I compared it in the store with the regular model and to me it is definitely worth spending the extra on the Ultralight model . It is very sturdy too and the ball bearing wheels make it so smooth to push . The sun shade covers both the front and back passenger really well . It was simple to put together out of the box , simply snap on the wheels and tray and you 're off . I was carrying around an Evenflo Take Me Too double stroller and a Maclaren Quest before this and this one stroller now replaces them both . I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because it is still a little big , i guess it has to be to carry two kids . It folds up very flat but is still rather long - lying down it takes the width of my trunk in my minivan . Nice thing about it being so flat is that I can stand it up in the trunk though which takes up a lot less room . I definitely recommend it .
 Forgive the dramatic title for this review , but really , this stroller is fantastic . I have a 1-year-old and a 5-year-old and it 's the best thing that happened to me this summer . We had a Peg Perego which we loved , but the tiny platform on the back required the 5-year-old to do awkward contortions in order to hang on . We 've been using the Joovy for about two months now , and so far , so good . It was a cinch to put together -LRB- I did it myself in about 10 minutes -RRB- , and it really is incredibly lightweight for a double stroller . As previous reviewers have mentioned , its one disadvantage is its length . We do not have minivans , but the Joovy fits in the back of both of our Subarus . In the Impreza hatchback , it takes up the entire back . If you remove the front snack tray as well as the sun shade , you can buy yourself a bit more space . But because this stroller makes getting around so easy , I do not begrudge the space it requires . It folds up flat , and easily . The roller-blade technology used for the wheels does make for a smooth ride -LRB- and push -RRB- . The stroller navigates bumpy Philadelphia sidewalks easily -LRB- the seat belt for the child sitting in the back works well to keep him from sliding off when the bumps are big or unexpected -RRB- . I have noticed that the stroller veers a bit like a car with tires that need to be re-aligned when my 46-pound 5-year-old is on the back . I think that the stroller is just straining a bit carrying 70 pounds of kids . When the 1-year-old is in the stroller by himself , it 's not a problem . Moreover , the 5-year-old is tall for his age , but he still fits nicely on the back , sitting or standing . He ducks a bit when the sun shade goes down over his part of the stroller , but he 's yet to complain as I think he 's just happy to be riding . Finally , as one of the posters said , the Parent Organizer that comes packaged free with this stroller is great -- it holds water bottles , keys , wallets . Everywhere I go , at least one person stops me to ask me about the stroller . That 's no reason to buy something , but it certainly reminds me why I did .
 I needed a stroller for my 2 1/2 year old and 10 month old . I was using my Peg P3 with the baby while my oldest walked , but this only really worked when doing a short errand or when my husband came along and carried him when he got tired . It was time for a double stroller ! This stroller was easy to assemble . I was pleased with the orange color . The real test was whether my son would sit or stand on the back . The minute I pulled it out , he sat on it and I could n't get him off . He rode on it inside the house for a long while . He was wary about standing on it , but I 'm sure that in time he 'll be more comfortable . I 've used it twice so far at malls and he 's stayed on it , which is great . My 10 month old has no complaints either . She seems very content . The stroller is definately easy to push , easy to open and close . It fits in the trunk of my small 4 door sedan -LRB- although it uses up almost all of the room -RRB- . The parent organizer is awesome . I was even able to put a Starbucks frappuccino grande in the cup holder ! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because I think they should have designed the front seat to recline further down -LRB- maybe 3 options instead of 2 -RRB- so that the baby could sleep more comfortably . Yes , it might be a problem for the 2nd child to sit , but they could stand or just walk along side the stroller . Also , there might be times that us parents might only have the younger child with us . Otherwise , this is a great stroller for those parents looking for an alternative to the side by side or long tandems .
 We have a three and a half year old and a five month old . We love this stroller ! Our older child loves to stand and hang on like a big girl but can sit when she gets tired . It works great with our infant carrier in front as well . Joovy 's customer service is great - we called them about a problem we were having and they immediately shipped us a whole new stroller which is working great . Once we received the new one all we had to do was put it in the box provided and drop it off - they paid for the return shipping .
 This stroller has been great for my almost 3 year old and infant . I travel quite a bit alone with the 2 kids , so I bought this stroller to help me around in the airport . My older daughter loves riding on the back and actually rides longer than she would in an umbrella stroller . This really helps with my stress level while we are traveling in crowded airports.My only complaint is that to collapse the stroller you really need both hands free , which for me is not possible with my younger child . I modified mine so that I could collapse it with one hand . I zip-tied a dowel to both of the collapsing triggers . -LRB- The dowel spans just under the parent organizer . -RRB- So now all I have to do is pull on the dowel in the center with one hand and the stroller will collapse.The storage under the stroller has not been an issue for me as I usually pack light and do n't carry a full diaper bag when we are out and about . I used to only use an umbrella stroller for everything , so had even less storage before I bought this stroller .
 This is the best stroller I own -LRB- which is really a shining review - I think I own 10 strollers -RRB- . It is very lightweight , amazingly manuverable , and folds easily . I was afraid my two very large children would n't fit , I have a 44 '' tall 3 year old who weighs 48 pounds . But , both she and her sister fit great , no problems with the balance of the weight either . The back bench seat is great - I know someone wrote they could n't figure out how to attach it , but it 's really very simple . Other strollers of this type have lower weight limits , and would n't work for me . I really ca n't say enough about this stroller . I even use it when I just have just one of my girls with me . This is the stroller you are looking for , it 's absolutley worth every extra penny .
 I got this stroller for my 3 year old and newborn and LOVE it . Some of the previous reviewers commented that when the infant carrier is in the seat , it is impossible for the older child to sit in the back without leaning . That is not true - first , pick an infant seat that is small , some are much longer than others and hold the same size baby ; second , do not recline the front seat all the way , it is not necessary ; third , the back seat slides forward and back , slide it back and the footrest will be exposed . I have no problem at all getting my 3 year old sitting up straight with my Combi Connection infant seat in the front , it is one of the shortest seats out there.Second , I have seen a lot of reviews about it being hard to fold or bulky with the infant attachment and canopy on . I do not find that to be true and have never had to remove either one . We fold our stroller and hop on the tram at an amusement park all the time , no problem . It also fits totally assembled in the back of our Jeep Liberty and Jetta Wagon with plenty of room to spare.SOOO glad I got this !
 I 'm a huge fan of the Joovy Caboose Ultralight . I have always had light strollers -LRB- the first was the Graco Metrolight -RRB- and was leary of a double-stroller due to the size and weight . Since I have a 2-year old who does n't always like to walk I was left without a choice and had to purchase the double when my second child arrived . I searched in every baby store around for the perfect double-stroller and this is by far the winner . While not as light as my MetroLight it is certainly managable - if folds easily and I can lift it into my car -LRB- a Saturn VUE -RRB- without straining my back . With the infant seat adapter the stroller is a bit long when folded , but does lay down in the trunk space . The Parent Organizer is awesome ... lots of room for storage and I Love that it has a zippered compartment . Only two small factors that make this less than perfect
 We looked into many strollers and wanted to buy the Joovy for our youngest children , a 4 month old & 4 year old . I talked to parents who had the Joovy & said it was a little hard to steer . So , we bought the Ultralight , and we LOVE it . It 's super easy to drive , even with a 35 pound preschooler sitting or standing on the back . The wheels are so nice . The stroller was super easy to assemble - my 4 year old & I put it together in minutes , with no tools . The big canopy is great for keeping the sun off of BOTH kids - and the color makes it stand out in a crowd -LRB- or stroller parking area at the zoo -RRB- . It 's really not much larger than a standard stroller , so it 's not difficult to steer through crowded places - and it 's just as nice on a walk . Another bonus of the Joovy - it works with many brands of infant car seats.It 's a little bit pricier than the standard Joovy , but it comes with the Parent Organizer included -LRB- the original Joovy does n't -RRB- and that 's $ 25 extra if you want to buy it . So it 's really not a bad price if you factor in the Parent Organizer & the awesome wheels .
 I normally do n't review things online but I wanted to share my positive experience with this stroller . I have a 4 year old and 8 month old and have been trying to find a stroller that works for those ages . I tried the Peg Aria twin and I just do n't think it was meant for two kids so varied in age/size . It was hard to push even over the tiniest cracks in the sidewalk.The Ultralight , however , steers well , works well indoors or out and is perfect for my older child . He loved the fact that he can sit or stand in it like a `` big boy . '' The only thing is that I have n't used it with the car seat in the front and I do n't think I will . It 's just a great stroller for the park or mall!Also , the parent organizer and oversized shade are handy .
 I have had this stroller for 2 weeks now . There are some great parts to it and some not so great , but I still think it 's a wonderful stroller.I have a 6 wk old and a 2-1/2 year old . The toddler is tall for his age , I 'm also a tall mother . The stroller handle is tall enough for me to push comfortably . The ride is smooth , it folds and fits into my car trunk easily -- I drive a sedan . It is a little hard to push over bumps -LRB- like if the sidewalk is raised -RRB- My son loves riding where he can stand , sit or get off . Although , I have had problems with him jumping off while I 'm pushing , or while he 's sitting , putting his feet on the ground . The jump seat does slide around a little which is annoying . Also , when the front seat is reclined -LRB- which it needs to be to put the car seat in -RRB- my son has to lean forward if he 's sitting in the seat . Does n't seem comfortable at all to me . The basket is a little small under and a little hard to get to , but not horribly so.The parent organizer is great . fits bottles of water or sippy cups -LRB- without handles -RRB- in fine and has a place to put money , keys and a cell phone . It is a little heavy still , but not much more than the other single strollers , and is less awkward than a double.The visor is a little stiff to use , but ok . Does cover nicely.I would recommend this to anyone with a toddler and infant for trips to the zoo , park , etc. where the older child will want to get down frequently .
 If you buy the Joovy Ultralight , do n't buy the Parent Organiser separately . The Ultralight model comes with the Organiser .
 i really love this stroller . it is at a very reasonable cost and so good . easy to use and set up/break down . amazingly light and compact for a double and to push/maneuver but feels very solid and secure and wellmade . fits in my honda civic trunk fine including canopy altho not much room for other large items -LRB- like going to wholesale club -RRB- although i can still go to grocery store and fit everything . great for age difference between my 2 kids -LRB- infant and toddler , used from 6mo/3 .5 yrs to 18mo/4 .5 yr so far -RRB- . straps easy to use and very secure . canopy is the best coverage and very flexible to adjust coverage where needed . looks so good , it should cost 2x what it does ; i get many queries about it when i go out with it . my kids are small/thin and i could see where larger kids might feel squashed but my older one loves it -LRB- 32lb , 40in -RRB- , she loves to take a ride on her little seat and to hop on and off when she feels like it . no naps really possible in the stroller for either child i think . but still worth every penny and more
 Perfect lightweight stroller for carting around a toddler and an infant , or one or the other . Kind of long when folded up , which means it takes up most of my trunk space , but the light weight and maneuverability are definitely worth it . May not be the best stand-on for more raucous kids , as there is n't much keeping the tot on the standing portion besides their own willingness to stand there .
 This is a Dad review ... Two daughters Newborn/3yr old.So far so good . It has done everything we need.Fits our Graco Safe Seat.With the canopy and car seat carrier attachment off it fits in my 2003 325xi , a trunk that struggles with golf bags . Canopy and car seat carrier attachment come off quickly with locking buttons , no tools needed .3 yr loves to sit or stand . When she sits with the car seat in we must slide the platform seat all the way back which puts it over the footrest , so her feet just hand in the air . We have to be careful , she likes to put her feet on the wheels or lock them up , but I do n't see and danger there as long as she has shoes on . Just scuffed up shoes.Light enough for my wife who back is not 100 % . For short distances I can control it with one hand with two kids in it.Fits though doors . No problem shopping , it handles moving around the racks .
 I bought this stroller for a trip to Disney World with my 3 and 5 year old girls and it worked out really well . Here are the main selling points for me . It 's light weight . The color choices are plentiful -LRB- I got the sage -RRB- . It seemed to have the highest weight limits of all the stroller and a halfs . Here are the negatives . The front tray does n't come off easily so we just left it off for the trip -LRB- there 's no hinge on one side so the tray can swing down and the kid can hop right in -RRB- . If you have a bigger kid it would be a pain lifting her in and out of the front seat all the time . Front to back it 's pretty short , which is good for maneuverability , but that makes the back seat a little tight . I 'd imaging some of the other stroller and a halfs are a little roomier but I 'm not sure . I broke the locking lever on the canopy on the second day . I pushed it all the way down to the locked position then forgot and when I tried to close the canopy and it made it lever bend the wrong way . So the hinge is messed up now . It still basically works but I definitely ca n't lock it anymore . The storage area underneath is small . I had a hard time getting the canopy off although getting it back on was easy . This can be important because the canopy sticks way up when you fold the stroller , so you might need to remove it before you put the stroller in your trunk . Another obvious negative is price - it 's very expensive . Overall I 'm happy with my purchase and would buy this product again .
 1 . The ultra light version of the Joovy is so worth the extra cost ... do n't think about it , just get this one .2 . Great great stroller after having a couple of crummy ones -LRB- and one good one , but that was big and bulky -RRB- . Have used it for about 1.5 years and VERY happy that we bought it . Wish we had bought it sooner .3 . This is one of those purchases where I was initially thinking `` wow that 's expensive ! Is it going to be worth the premium cost ? '' Contrary to my normal self , I relented and not only bought the Joovy , but this ultralight version . The answer is yes , a thousand times yes , it 's worth it . So easy to fold , throw in the back of the car , and go.Highly recommended .
 I have a 2 year old and 3 month old . I 've had this stroller for 3 months . I think it 's very compact , can squeeze into any tight door . It turns and maneuvers very well . It 's smaller than most single strollers and is very light . My 2 year old is not a sit down type , so this stroller works well . She can get in and out as she pleases . If you have a more laid back toddler that likes to sit and relax , then this is not the stroller for you . I really like the parent organizer . Things fit really snug and is convenient to retrieve . The only complaint that I have is the two handed folding . Even with that , it just takes a tiny bit more work to fold it .
 I got this to replace my Graco Duoglider . I have an almost 2 year old who sits up front and a 3.5 year old who sits or stands on the back . I have found it to be light and the kids like it . It is easy to steer and push . It folds quite small and easy to open/fold and transport.The only things I do n't like are , that you need to put the brake on both back wheels , it would be much better to have one brake . Also with folding you have to lift either side therefore needing two hands . The basket underneath would be easier to use if the back of it was also elasticated -LRB- the sides are -RRB- . I often have my 5 year old ride on the back aswell as my 3.5 year old . They squish up together to sit on the seat . It is still easy to push like this as the weight is on the back . It feels very sturdy and safe , the children are certainly putting it to the test as they are all always climbing in and out .
 I absolutely love my Joovy . We 've had it for 9 months now and I have almost zero complaints.Pros-Lightweight-Fitted in the trunk of my Toyota Camry and now in the rear of my Toyota Sequoia even with the 3rd row in use.-My daughter loves that she can sit or stand in the back or even hog the front seat . I am able to fit the baby carrier in the front or the back.-Comes with the Parent Organizer.Cons-Now that my little one does n't need his baby carrier anymore , my only complaint is that the 5 point harness in the front is really tight . I think it 's because my child is just abnormally large , but it 's not a biggie . I just use the lap belts by themselves , and it works just fine.Also , to those who complain that there is n't any storage . Just getThe Mommy Hook Stroller Hanger - Black , problem solved !
 I have had my Joovy Caboose Ultralight for almost a month and love it . It is light weight and easy to fold and unfold . I have a 3 year old and a newborn , this stroller fit my needs perfect because my 3 year old does n't like to always ride in a stroller , yet she gets tired of walking . The `` stand '' part of the stroller is perfect for her , she can even sit down on the little bench if she wants too . The only problem I 've encountered so far is that when using with an infant seat the older child does not have a lot of room to sit . However , that seems to bother me more than my 3 year old . I have a Peg Perego infant seat and it 's fabulous that the Joovy Caboose compatible with that seat . I wish there was more storage , but I new before buying that storage was limited and made adjustments . I bought the J.J. Kole diaper bag system that hangs on the handle -LRB- works fabulous -RRB- . I also bought the parent tray for the Joovy Caboose and that holds everything I need at arms length ... bottled water , keys , bottle , pacifier , phone ... I am very satisfied with the stroller and would advise anyone looking at double strollers to consider this . Especially if you have a toddler like mine who does n't want to just sit in a stroller all the time .
 When you look at the price you think ... yikes , I do n't want to spend that much ! At least that is what I thought . However , after having it awhile now , it is SOOO worth the money . I recently bought a Graco duoglider but my toddler did not like it . Now she loves standing or sitting on the back and she feels like a big girl . I really like how easy it is to put the baby in the stroller and how easy it is to move around . It is , in my opinion , a pretty light double stroller . The only downside is the storage area is not that big . I can fit a small diaper bag and maybe one other small item . If you have a backpack diaper bag for your kids , then you 'll have a good amount of space for your purchases . I also like how it comes with the parent organizer and I did n't have to purchase that separately . Lastly , this stroller DOES fit into the trunk of smaller cars -LRB- I have a Honda Civic -RRB- and then you still have some room for groceries -LRB- this was another huge selling point for me -RRB- . Overall , I would recommend this stroller to anyone who has a toddler that does not like to sit in a seat and a baby ! Again , definitely worth the money .
 I like that the bench seat slides forward so our toddler can still sit with the infant car seat up front . Turns without any interruption and nicely fits through the clothes racks when shopping . It 's also lighter then our single stroller ! Folds up well enough to fit in our Matrix and still have room for groceries . Love the fact they shipped to Guam for a decent price . Everyone asks where I got `` the awesome stroller '' . We absolutely love love it .
 Bought this about a month ago for my 3 month old and 3 year old , and so far , very happy with it . I have a Graco sungride infant seat that fits nicely and my older child can sit or stand , so I can keep her within reach too . Easy to open and close , easy to maneuver , just wish it was a little lighter . It does take up a lot of trunk space and I have a regular size SUV , so for those with compact cars , check out the measurements before buying . Great for walking around the mall or paved roads , not very good on grass or rough terrain . The basket is very small and does n't hold much , but I did n't buy this for the basket .
 My 2 boys are 6 months and 3 years old . The baby sits in the front and the 3 year old in the back . Compared to other tandem strollers this one is very light and compact . Also it is extremely easy to maneuver in large crowds . While I was preganant with the 2nd child I spent about 6 months going to stores and reviewing all the tandem strollers out there and found this to be the best for my boys . Most were too wide or too long . This stroller is almost as compact as a single stroller . My 3 year old loves it because he can get in and out of it very easily . He likes to walk , but when he gets a little tired , he hops right on without a problem . I also love the fact that it is very easy to fold away or open up . It 's not like other compact tandems that force you to remove one seat/part of the stroller and fold it separately , before you pack away the main stroller .
 I love this stroller!It has been great for both my now 11 month old and my 4 year old . I have owned several different strollers and it is my favorite by far.PROS : ~ Maneuvers like a dream ! I can easily steer it in and around stores and through doorways with both kids on it without feeling like I am pushing a loaded wheelbarrow up a hill . Even with one hand . It does great on nearly all surfaces , although I probably would n't take it through the wilderness . ~ Folds flat . It folds really easily as well . It is a little long when the canopy is attached but it is quick and easy to remove if you need to fit the stroller into a smaller trunk . ~ Lightweight . No kidding , it is even lighter than my Eddie Bauer single stroller . ~ Sun canopy is very large . It has , by far , the best canopy on any stroller I have seen and used . And it really makes a difference in temperature for baby ! I live in Georgia and in the summer months it is HOT , but my daughter is always much cooler and more comfortable than the rest of us when she is under the canopy -LRB- I swear it is a 10 degree difference -RRB- . ~ Sturdy and reliable . I have had it for just shy of a year and the fabric still looks like new ! It still performs just like new too and I can assure you ... it gets used a lot . This stroller gets used nearly daily , so that is a lot of opening , closing , rolling , and tossing into the trunk with no visible signs of wear or tear.CONS : ~ The front seat only has 2 recline positions . It is not a big deal for the older baby , in my opinion , but a younger baby would need to be in the car seat carrier longer than they might in other strollers . ~ When the car seat attachment is used it does detract from the amount of room the rear seated child has . But even so , my son never complained and still enjoyed riding in the stroller ... we just had to push the seat all the way forward . ~ The basket is not as large as others ... but to me that is a VERY minor con.Overall I would recommend this stroller in a heartbeat to anyone interested in a sit and stand . It is simply wonderful and worth every cent ! = - -RRB-
 This is a great stroller . My 3 year old loves it because she does n't feel strapped in and I can keep a much closer eye on her without her just running about . Would recommend it for anyone with a 2 kids that are still in stoller 's . Love it !
 I love my new Joovy Caboose ! I bought a used Jeep double stroller when I was pregnant with my second child . Since my kids would be less than two years apart I knew I 'd need something to hold both of them . The double stroller was a pain to use . It was heavy , bulky , large , and very difficult to steer . I never used it because I just could n't . Finally I decided a sit-and stand type stroller would be great , especially since my older child was 2 1/2 at this point . I used my new Joovy the day I got it and have probably used it every day since . It 's light -LRB- I bought the ultralight -RRB- and very easy to steer . It 's much easier to get in and out of my vehicle than the double stroller -LRB- I would always have to have my husband do it -RRB- . Both of my kids love the stroller and are very comfortable in it . One of my best purchases in a loooong time .
 LOVE the color , Love how small it is . We are military stationed in England and things are smaller here , so it works perfect ! I love how my daughter can sit or stand , the bench on the back is bigger then i thought it was going to be . it is So Light !! It comes with a list of carseats that fit it , so there 's no need to worry it will accommodate graco , chicco , peg preggo , etc. .
 We have five children from nine years down to one . We purchased this product because of it 's ease of use and ultralight weight . Any one of our children can ride in the rear seat making it an enjoyable experience where ever we go . The front seat allows our one year old to sit high , making him feel like he is always part of the group . The basket has been great at holding anything we need . I especially loved the hidden feature on the upper part of the bar . The wide black band that goes across the top is actually storage compartment with two drink holders , a zipper compartment for small things like hotel keys or cell phones , and the center of the band can hold a wallet that is well tucked and hidden . I was pleasantly surprised by this stroller . Strangers have approached me asking and I tell them great things . We ordered the `` Sunset . '' My only worry is that we wo n't be able to keep it clean , although , cookie messes have wiped right off so far .
 As a mom of three , I 've used plenty of strollers . The Joovy Ultralight is by far the best one I 've ever used ! I 've had the Graco Travel System -LRB- with the Metrolite single stroller -RRB- as well as the Graco DuoGlider -LRB- big , bulky monster of a double -RRB- . My friend has a Sit 'n' Stand LX and advised me against it . The Joovy is easy to push and maneuver in tight spots . The Parent Organizer is great , and the stroller was fantastic on our recent trip to Disney . My baby sat in front , and the older two -LRB- ages 6 and 4 -RRB- would take turns on the back seat when they tired of walking.I have noticed only two negatives ... 1 -RRB- when folded , it does n't `` stand up '' on its own -LRB- you have to lay it down flat -RRB- , and 2 -RRB- the cup holder on the front seat is pretty much stationary -LRB- it does come off , but not as easily as on most strollers -RRB- . It does take two hands to fold this stroller up , and as with any double , it is not exactly small when folded.Still , my husband -LRB- who was annoyed that I was buying yet another stroller -RRB- has now commended me on the purchase and said he actually prefers the Joovy to our single stroller -LRB- anyone want to buy a Metrolite Travel System ? : -RRB- Definitely worth every penny .
 We purchased this stroller for our 3 1/2 and 1 year old . This is the best stroller we have owed . My 3 1/2 loves the option of sitting , standing or walking . The weight of riders is evenly distributed making pushing this stroller a breaze . When both children are on board , you do need two hands to push . We purchased this stroller in Sunset and what a great color - easy to identify/find . The canopy is great and the fact that it covers both kids is even better . The downside to this stroller is the basket underneath is small and you are not able to store much . The stroller is definitely lightweight and can easily load in the SUV .
 The only drawback to this item is that the basket is small for 2 kids , however , that was in the reveiws and we expected this problem and thats why I still gave it 5 stars.Highly recomended .
 Best stroller on the market by far . I have owned the peg perego pliko , and the zooper cruiser 4 wheel drive , and the joovy caboose ultralight leaves them far behind , and it is cheaper !
 I 've had this stroller for two weeks now and I absolutely love it . It rolls so smoothly and it so easy to steer , even with one hand . It 's easy to fold and unfold and lightweight for getting in and out of the trunk . My 8-month-old baby seems to enjoy the front seat . She can see where we 're going and she can sleep comfortably . My 2-yr-old loves the options . She can stand or sit facing me and I can strap her in when I need to keep her on the stroller . Since she can face me , we can actually talk , so I think she gets bored less quickly.Most of the minor issues I have are due to my daughter 's age -LRB- 26 months -RRB- , since she 's a little younger than the manufacturer 's recommendation . She wo n't always stay on the stroller and sometimes drags her feet or tries to climb around . Those are really minor though , and I 'm sure she will get better as she gets older . And , like I said , I can strap her in if I need to.The only other negatives ... The handles for the standing child are a little awkwardly placed . She has to lean backward in order to hold onto them . She prefers to hold onto the back of the baby 's seat or face backwards and hold onto the handlebars.She 's too tall to stand under the shade , so if it was raining or sunny , she would have to sit down.The cargo space is pretty small -LRB- especially compared to my Graco duoglider -RRB- and difficult to access.But none of those things were enough to bring my rating down . The concept of the sit-n-stand is great , especially given that I will probably be able to use this stroller for years and my girls outgrew the old double stroller after only 8 months.Compared to the other strollers I 've owned , I ca n't say enough good things about this one .
 We had to travel several times this winter , one of which being Disney World . I normally use a side-by-side double stroller , but wanted a smaller , easier , more convenient stroller for the airport and the park . This stroller was so affordable , and so lightweight !! My toddler loved her ` big girl ' seat in the back , too . Definitely worth it !
 This product is a life saver ! We love it . Also , I would buy it from Amazon rather than a vendor cause it has really great customer service . The first one we bought from Amazon went to the wrong address and they immediately refunded it ! So we bought it again . Also , we choose the standard shipping -LRB- the cheapest one -RRB- and we ended up receiving the stroller much earlier than expected !
 We haved used the stroller for a month and have taken it on a couple of airplane trips and it has been super to use . It is very easy to steer and feels solid over bumps and curbs . It is well designed with a high , foam padded handle and a neoprene 2-bottle holder and zip pocket . My 3 1/2 year old daughter loves her spot and it has been a huge relief to be able to contain and transport her , along with my infant son.My biggest complaint is that the under-the-seat basket is hard to access -LRB- you have to manuever through the back seat -RRB- and it is not very big . Also , the stroller is still very big when folded and I have not been able to purchase a travel cover/bag for it since it folds down longer than even traditional double strollers .
 Both my 4 year old and 6 month old are wonderful shoppers but on a marathon shopping day when I am by myself my 4 year old does get a little weary of treading around behind me . He thinks he is too grown up for a baby stroller but was very excited to see the big boy seat on the back of ` his baby 's ' stroller . This stroller is awesome !! It caters for both of their needs without cramping my style or their 's . He can sit , stand or kneel and I think the best part about it is that the chioce is his . The baby is also well catered for in his comfy up-front seat . We just got back from a vacation to Mexico and this stroller was perfect . The adjustable hood came all the way sheilding the little guy from the sun and wind and the basket had more than enough room for purchases . My 6 year old neice even had a turn . The parent organizer is really neat , we held up to 4 drinks in it at a time and they even stayed cool with the neoprene insulation . Another plus is how light the stroller is to pick up and it is so easy to collapse and put up again . The only downfall about the stroller is the amount of times you will be stopped by passers-by who want to know all about it and where you got it . We love Joovy !!!!
 I have a 3 year old and an 18 mo. old . So far I am completely in love with my Joovy . I have had other double strollers and they were hard to manuver . The Joovy is a breeze ! The only thing that I can find wrong with it is that I am not 100 % happy with the tray for the front child . It does not open as easily as my graco . But the storage options , the large canopy , and the ease of use make it worth it . There is no such thing as a perfect stroller , but this one comes close .
 We got this stroller about a month ago , for our newborn and 22 month-old . It has since replaced both strollers we owned before it ! It steers like a dream - I can steer it with one hand with no problem - something we do n't experience with our Graco single stroller . Our toddler loves the novelty of being able to hop on and off or walk for a while , so he 's content to `` ride '' it without feeling like he 's trapped in the stroller . However , the seat and harness are wonderful for the times when I do have to trap him ! Since we are still using the front to hold a carrier carseat , our toddler does have slightly less room due to the carseat extending into his sitting area . That , however , will be fine once the baby is sitting forward in the stroller seat . The parent organizer is great , and fits all of my coffees so far . Folds easily , and is easy to pick up and load into my SUV . On occasions when I have to take just the baby , I still use the joovy because its so darn easy . I think we 'll get even more use out of it when the weather warms up . I 'd recommend to anyone interested in a double stroller with an older and younger child .
 I bought this for my then 6 month old and almost 3 year old . It is perfect . The carseat attachment worked great until the baby was sitting up well . Once she was sitting up , we put the baby in the seat with the footrest up and she 's very comfortable . The 3 year old loves standing to ride . The parent organizer works great . Love the lightweight aspect . I take it everywhere . The wheels do well even on grass and dirt . The only drawback is that the basket is n't super huge .
 This stroller is wonderful . After trying a side by side stroller , a double jogger , and trying to `` get by '' with a single stroller , I have finally found a stroller that works for all my needs . It can hold an infant seat , folds up quick and easy , is light weight , and is convenient for a busy toddler who does n't always like to ride in a baby stroller . I love the parent organizer and I think it is better than the hard type . It has lots of room for everything . My infant is comfortable in her infant seat and my toddler loves to jump on and off and try sitting and standing . She thinks it is a fun ride . It is really quite short for a double stroller , especially without the infant seat attachment . You wo n't feel silly pushing a huge stroller with only one kid in it like I always seem to end up doning . The one thing I was worried about was where to put the diaper bag ? Well , I have found the answer ! I purchased a skip hop double duo bag and it attaches great along the side of the stroller ! It frees up the bench area and is really easy to get at all the stuff . Yes , they do say on their web site that it is only meant for a double side by side stroller , but I do not see any reason why . The only thing is , depending on how stuffed your bag is , it does make the stroller a bit wider , but I am still able to get through all doorways . I would reccomend this stroller to anyone with two kids . It has made our life a little bit easier to manage .
 Love this - wish we had gotten it sooner . Works great even if I only take one kid out because it is so light and easy to push . I am very tiny and have no problem getting it in and out of the car . It folds very flat - flatter than my single stroller - and lighter . The best part is that is pushes and turns so easily - it is really nice to take the kids out in it . I love the five point seatbelt in the front and the seatbelt on the back seat . I do n't have a problem with the basket . The organizer is nice to have , but definitely not as easy to use as a plastic ones on most single strollers . It does the job though and keeps everything handy . My son loves this , though . I like that I can belt him onto the back seat if he is tending to roam , because that was a concern I had getting this since he is only 2 .
 I just received this stroller and I love it ! I have a 3 month old and a 3 year old and I love that my 3 year old can sit on the little seat in the back or stand when he gets tired of walking -LRB- or gets into too much stuff at the store and HAS to sit instead of walking on his own ! -RRB- . It is much lighter than I had anticipated even though it says ultralight , I still did n't expect it to be as light as it is . It is easy to fold up too , once you get the hang of it . I would recommend this to anyone w/an infant and a toddler , it 's money well spent for sure .
 Well , this is the best stroller I have owned so far . My daughters are 2 and 1 , and they both LOVE this stroller . The last stroller we had was the peg perego aria twin , and although it is very lightweight , it is hard to push with the unbalanced weight , maybe it would be better for actual twins . Anyway , this is so easy to push , and the maneuverability is awesome , better than a single graco quattro in my opinion . I opted for the lightweight version because I have nerve damage in one hand , so it is still a little heavy to me , but hubby/sis/grandma think it 's great . My 2yo was afraid of the canopy on the regular joovy , so I was skeptical , but she loves the taller canopy because it is up so high and away from her . Two things I would change - first , I would like the stroller to fold to an upright position , so you do n't have to fold it to the ground , and second I would like the kid tray cupholders just a little bigger , the straw cups need just a little more room to fit in . Minor complaints , all in all I love this one ! Oh , and as far as storage goes , very accessible from the side , holds the essentials but that 's about it .
 Our first trip with this stroller was for 4 days at Walt Disney World and the stroller was perfect . Our 4 week old was in his Graco car seat using the car seat attachment , and our 4 year old jumped on and off as she wanted while we toured the parks . She even came up with a cute little `` run and jump '' move to get on the stroller while we were walking . At different times during our touring , she would sit backwards or kneel/stand and look forwards -- whichever suited her at that moment.For the baby seat -- the stroller was really long when folded with this attachment . It was no problem for us , as we had mini-van space for it , but we did annoyingly leave the attachment in the car at one point and had to ride the Disney parking lot tram back to the car to retrieve it . We ended up sticking our diaper bag in the front seat of the stroller underneath where the carseat sat , which freed up the under-stroller storage bin for other assorted items.While walking , the stroller feels longer than our old Graco Metrolite stoller , but not too much longer , but it 's not any wider ... and may even be narrower than our old single stroller . In any case , manueverability was good -- even in the crowded theme parks.We said several times during this trip that we were really glad to have this stroller . For us , the function was terrific -- plenty of storage for a day at Disney * -LRB- with the diaper bag on the front seat -RRB- , and a perfect way to convey our 2 children .
 I just bought this stroller and used it for the first time today . It was my first experience with a double stroller and I loved it ! yes , it is a little heavier to push than a regular stroller but with two kids , what do you expect . It held my 1 yr . old 20lb . son in the front and my 43 lb . 5 yr . old daughter in the back on the seat . The only problem was that my daughter has long legs so it 's a little tough for her to keep her feet on the foot rest on the back , especially if the front seat in tilted back . She is on the older side though so for a smaller child it woul dbe perfect . I had no problem putting items in the basket and it actually holds alot ! The parent organizer rocks !!
 I have never written a review despite shopping on Amazon for years but this stroller is so amazing I had to share . This is the fifth stroller we have bought and so far the only one that has met expectations . We have a 2.5 yr old and an 11 month old . It is very easy to maneuver , and shorter than a traditional tandem . The sunshade is brilliant , it actually covers both children completely -- something no other stroller we own does . The Ultralight is worth the money and extra features in my opinion . I can not say enough good things about it , a great buy !
 We really love this stroller - it makes taking our 2 month old and 3 year old out easier . There is plenty of room for both of them . It is pretty lightweight for a tandem and there is plenty of storage space . The parent caddy that comes with it is a great idea ! Very easy to open and close and easy to maneuver . The only complaint is that it is quite bulky and long when folding with the canopy and car seat attachment . We end up having to remove both of these each time before putting it in the car , so it becomes a bit of a pain taking them off and putting them on each time ... Otherwise we highly recommend !
 I am very impressed with this stroller - it is light , durable , easy to steer and does not take up my entire trunk . And I do n't even drive a minivan ! With a large two year old and a newborn , I was sure that I would end up with one of the big heavy tandems - but I gave the Joovy a shot and I am so glad I did . It 's compatible with most infant seats and has a roomy and comfy padded toddler seat . The lower basket is easy to get to and I absolutely love the neoprene parent caddy . Best of all it 's no heavier than my single stroller and gets around tight corners about as well too . The infant seat attachment and canopy are super easy to take off and put back on , which I have to do in order to fit it into my trunk , but once they 're off and it 's all folded up , I can still get a week 's worth of groceries back there . Definitely money well spent !
 After looking at both the standard Joovy Caboose and the Sit n ' Stand , my husband and I decided on the Joovy Caboose Ultralight -- and we are very glad that we did . Our 2 year old loves it -LRB- in both the standing and sitting positions -RRB- , and it 's very easy to steer through tiny store aisles.I had read reviews saying that the storage basket underneath is difficult to access , but I have not found this to be the case -LRB- you simply access it from the side -RRB- . Also , store models of the Sit n ' Stand showed a lot of wear and tear on the fabric -LRB- rips , fraying , etc. -RRB- , whereas the fabric on the Caboose seems much more resilient and of higher quality.We liked the fact that the Ultralight version came with the parent organizer -LRB- a real help -RRB- , and you can never go wrong with a lighter stroller.The only way I can see to improving the Caboose Ultralight is to actually make it lighter -LRB- I was a little surprised at how heavy it is -RRB- , and it 's very hard to snap the toddler seat in place.Overall , we would highly recommend this stroller .
 I have been using this stroller since my 2nd son was born 7 weeks ago . My oldest son is 2 1/2 years old . I am very very happy with this stroller . I like to walk every day and this is perfect.It rides very smoothly . It folds up smaller than I thought it would -LRB- it fits in the trunk of our small Saturn -RRB- . It is very easy to fold and unfold . It is very sturdy and well made . My oldest likes to have options -LRB- sit , stand facing forward , stand facing backward , walk -RRB- . Others have mentioned problems with the back seat . I have had no problems with having room for my son . If he is going to stand we push the seat forward and if he is going to sit we pull it back toward us . Yes , his feet will drag on the ground if he lets them hang over - but I tell him not to and he stops . I do n't see how hanging feet is a problem with the design of the stroller . When he sits he does have to lean forward a very little bit . He has done that for long periods of time and has not complained . It is obvious that the jump seat on the back is dsigned to sit for short periods of time and to allow an active toddler to climb on and off - not for reclining and long comfy rides . Again , not a design flaw , just the fact of this stroller . If you want both of your kids to recline then you need to buy a double stroller.I have not had a problem with the size of the basket either . But I will say that I never carry a big huge daiper bag . Just a small one with the basics . If I need a bigger bag for day trips or whatever I carry a back pack.This stroller serves our needs perfectly . We did not want a huge double stroller -LRB- we have a small car and we travel to Europe alot and those big strollers just do n't fit in small European stores -RRB- and our 2 1/2 year old will not sit still if strapped in anyway . This stroller allows me to walk with both our kids while allowing the toddler freedom . I am going on a trip to Europe for Christmas and I am eager to use this stroller in the airport and on the streets of Europe.I bought this at Babies R Us where it was much cheaper .
 I purchased the Joovy Ultralight about a month ago after researching double strollers for months . I have a daughter who just turned 2 and a 6 week old . I bought this stroller because it was one of the only doubles that would fit my Chicco car seat -LRB- FYI
 I bought a used Joovy Caboose Original then sold it and bought the Ultralight . I had a newborn and 19 month old -LRB- who is petite -RRB- and wanted something that I could use with the infant car seat . The Ultralight is Definitely worth the extra money . The lighter design makes it MUCH easier to steer . The canopy is better , they fixed the brake design so you can wheel it while it is folded up . The jump seat does not slide around as much and it is a smoother ride . I had people remark that they did n't realize it was a double stroller and were surprised to see two kids in it . You 'll have to view the photos to see how I fit the car seat in the rear.I put my graco snugride in the back and love using it this way so my toddler can sit in front and see everything . The car seat can tilt slightly forward , so I always have her harnessed in . It takes a bit of a manuever to fit it in , but once it 's there , it 's not going anywhere . It will only last as long as her legs do n't reach longer than the end of the car seat because then she will be kicking the seat in front of her . I always manage to take both the tray and the car seat cradle/adapter with me by tucking one of them under the car seat , that way I can always flip the configuration depending on if my toddler needs to sit and snack or wants to stand . I even attach a stroller cooler/caddy for food since the basket below is used for changing kits , jackets , baby bjorn , etc. -LRB- stuff you can easily pull out from the sides -RRB- . Be creative , it 's pretty versatile and great for day trips out . Also , with the car seat in the rear , the front seat wo n't recline , but my toddler has fallen asleep before and I just use a blanket , jacket , changing pad or whatever I have to support his head on the side and he is fine for a little while until we get to the car or get home , though it is not ideal if you will be out when the older one needs to take a long nap.There are many words of caution to consider when buying this stroller . How much does your toddler want to sit vs. stand or walk . How well does he listen about staying on . Do you do many day trips to zoo , where you walk is there a lot of traffic , etc. . This stroller is pretty versatile and as your kids grow and change I think you can make it work , but I do n't know if I would get it to be my only stroller . I do like having it as an option in addition to the frame stroller . My son is now 27 months and almost always wants to walk so it 's hard to get him to sit in a stroller at all.I think if you only want one stroller and can spend the money -LRB- $ 500 - $ 600 -RRB- , get the bob duallie revolution or the phil & ted E3 with doubles kit . Personally , for the same money , I 'd rather have a $ 225 Maclaren twin triumph , a $ 229 Joovy Caboose UL , and a used $ 200 Dreamer Design fixed bicycle wheels jogging stroller . And I still use my frame stroller -LRB- free hand-me-down -RRB- , my single Maclaren -LRB- used $ 100 -RRB- , my single jeep 3 wheeler -LRB- new $ 80 -RRB- , single Peg Venezia -LRB- used $ 100 -RRB- . Unfortunately , I do n't think one stroller is the answer and I have room in my garage to park them all . Maybe I should sell them all and get the bob duallie revolution after all , I just might , it 's crazy , but I 'm expecting baby # 3 who will be 15 months younger . So I have to decide , if you have 3 babies in 3 yrs is it better to simplify or have options ... Update
 PROs : * Excellent handling
 I struggled between purchsing this and the Sit n Stand LX and poured over the reviews before buying the Joovy ultralight . I feel that I have made a wise purchase . The Joovy Ultralight is a dream to push and maneuver around busy and tight places with my 14 month old and 3 year old . I love the sun canopy for both my children as well . Both my children are very tall -LRB- 99th percentile for height -RRB- and the sun canopy does shade them both without my 3 year old son having to duck underneath . This is a big deal for me given my desire to minimize sun damage to my children . There are , however , two things that concern me about this stroller 1 -RRB- the front seat is pretty low so my daughter 's legs already go past the foot rest . I wish Joovy would raise the seat up more to allow for more distance . 2 -RRB- The basket is useless . I do n't know about you , but with two kids I always carry diapers , toys , wipes , snacks and a change of clothes . Unless you just place these items loose in the basket , there is no bag in the world that will fit in there and forget about bringing your purse . If Joovy put on larger wheels and raised the seats higher , I bet they could make a deeper and more functional basket . Why they did n't think of this is beyond me . Despite this , I really love how lightweight and how easy it is to push this stroller . I did borrow my neighbor 's Sit n Stand and gave it a whirl around the neighborhood and the local mall . I was disappointed how hard it was to push my kids around . The Sit n Stand was long and heavy and just a bear to maneuver around places . If you have used the Graco Duoglider , the Sit n Stand is comparable in length and weight which I wanted to get away from . Although there is no perfect stroller out there , I am pretty pleased with this one .
 This is the best purchase you could make when you travel alot with 2 kids . I recently bought the Joovey Ultralight stroller before going on a trip with my 2 girls -LRB- minus the husband -RRB- and it made it more enjoyable . I have a 5 month old -LRB- in a car seat -RRB- and a 3 1/2 yr old that weighs about 38lbs . and is just under 40 '' tall . Both girls were very comfortable and stayed where they should , safe and secure on the stroller . Anyone who has traveled with small children in a busy airport knows the concerns of keeping your children close and safe . This is the answer to your prayers . It 's very light weight , very easy to manuver with just one hand and is shorter than a double stroller and just as wide as a single stroller . The convenient parent organizer is just right for your drinks and travel documents that you will need handy . there is even a small zipper pocket for a little more security . And going through the security check point was a breeze too . The stoller folds very easily . Just remember , you are not going to need the shade canopy while traveling so detatch it and pack it in you suitcase for later . The same goes for the snack tray unless your small one will be in the front seat sitting up . The basket on the bottom is a bit small for a daiper bag packed with all the essentials but just right for the 3 yr olds small backpack of entertainment.Living in FL. , Disney , zoo 's and other amusement parks are part of our life so we look forward to using our Ultralight for those trips aswell . If you have 2 kids and your on the go as much as we are you will not be disappointed by this purchase . It is a lifesaver .
 We absolutely love this stroller with only one exception ... . it desperately needs more storage . Our prior one-child stroller had nearly twice the underneath storage area.The construction seems solid and our 3 year old loves riding in the back while her sister 's car seat/carrier fits perfectly in the front .
 In order to truly appreciate this stroller I had to own 3 previous double stroller duds . As a self-confirmed cheapskate I can not stress enough that the Joovy Caboose is worth every penny . Simple to put together , manuevers easily , the canopy on both sides provide the best protection from the sun I 've seen , very light and simple to collapse and open . Other double strollers were so frustrating I was debating which child to get rid of . Now when I run over a foot or ram someone with my double stroller it is not on accident. : -RRB- Thank You Joovy !
 I researched and studied many different strollers once we had our second child . I wanted a stroller that was n't hard to push around stores or bulky . My 2 1/2 year old is very mobile and loves to be able to sit or stand . The attachment for the baby carrier was very easy to use . Now the baby is out of the carrier she sits well in the seat . My children are always wanting to see what is going on so the seat not reclining back is not a big deal . It goes back enough so the baby can sleep just like she does in a car seat . The stroller folds up very easily . I have even been able to fold it up and put it in the car when holding the baby - not easily but able to if you have to ! This stroller is great for our family . Hope it works well for yours also !
 My daughter recently had her 2nd child with her first child being 4 years old . She wanted a double stroller that was not as big and bulky as the usuals but still wanted comfort for both her newborn and 4 year old . This stroller was the answer . Although the `` seat '' for the 4 year old could be a little deeper , overall this is a great present or purchase for any family adding a 2nd second child to thier family.I would definitely recommend this to anyone .
 We bought this stroller for a trip to Disney World with our 2-year-old and 5-year-old and we were very pleased . It was easy to push , turned on a dime , folded and unfolded quickly , was manageable to carry on and off the busses/monorail , and the kids were quite comfortable in it . The canopy was large enough to cover both kids and there 's plenty of padding all over , including the handle , which made it more comfortable to push . My five-year-old could climb easily in and out of the jump seat . We had no trouble storing what we needed in the bottom and no problem accessing it . The front tray with drink holders came in very handy , and the fabric cleaned up well when it got dirty . Even the rain cover worked great when we needed it . The color worked well too because it made it easy to spot when we had to leave it in stroller parking areas . We liked it so much we got rid of our double jog stroller and we use this now for our jog/walks . I do n't have one complaint about this stroller .
 This stroller has been great with my 2 kids . It 's light , small , it 's easy to open and close . My 4 year old son loves it , he loves the fact that when he is tired or we are in a really congested area with people he can jump on board . And not only jump on board he can stand up and watch where we are going . The seating for my 4 year old is not as comfy as I would like but overall I am very satisfied .
 I have an almost 2 year old son a a newborn daughter . My son sits without hunching over in the rear bench and my newborn daughter is in her car seat in the front . It is smooth and roomy and has room for everything without occupying hardly any space . My son faces towards me while I push and so does my daughter . I live in Florida and so I have come into contact with rain and the canopy covers both children with ease . Wow . I must say that it folds and unfolds with ease and it fits into the trunk of my Volvo S40 , which makes a civic look spacious . LOL , get the stroller if you are into ergonomics and usefulness of design . Do not if you are into mullets and enjoy the Walmart experience .
 I absolutely LOVE this stroller and it has confirmed my doubts about the kolcraft . Here are the pros and cons of this stroller : Lightweight aluminum frame , 20 % lighterOversized canopy with sun visor extensionIncludes the Cool Essential Neoprene Parent OrganizerDeluxe fully adjustable 5-point harness in front seat and 3-point harness on rear bench seatIncludes universal car seat adapter - accepts most major brandsPros
 We bought this for our 3 year old . The stroller was so easy to put together and is very sturdy . Our daughter loves having the option to sit in the back or in the traditional front position . -LRB- She has a hard time standing . That may be easier for taller children . -RRB- The handlebar works well for both my husband -LRB- at 6 ' 4 '' -RRB- and myself -LRB- at 5 ' 0 '' -RRB- . We used the Joovy at a trip to a major theme park last month and it was really easy to fold up for tram rides , etc. . Downsides
 This was the lightest stand-on stroller that I could find , which is why I purchased it . I just put the stroller together and it was extremely easy -LRB- no tools -RRB- . The parent organizer is great , because it is not included in the older models . The basket is n't very big and might hold just a couple of items -LRB- not an entire diaper bag -RRB- . I like the oversized canopy , because it looks like it will provide protection for both kids . However , when the infant seat is installed in the front , the standing/sitting toddler does n't have much room to sit unless they lean forward . Also , it would have been nice for the sitting toddler 's footrest to be larger - it is kind of hidden behind them . The stroller is very light for a double stroller and is also nice looking . The padded seat and handle bars were the other features that I liked on the Joovy models , because they are n't found on other sit/stand strollers .
 This stroller is perfect for my 1-year old and 2-year old daughters ! It 's extremely light weight and easy to maneuver - even with one hand . The cupholder works great for mom 's coffee , the girls ' sippy cups or a container of snacks ! The only disadvantage is the VERY small storage area beneath the stroller . It does n't fit a diaper bag packed for two , but easily can hang from the handle . I would recommend it to anyone with a child that likes to have frequent opportunity to walk.However , when seated on the bench , I strongly encourage using the lap belt as sudden stops or travelling over bumpy surfaces can cause your child to fall off easily if they are n't holding on !
 I researched tons of strollers and finally decided on this one . None of them are perfect but this one seemed to fit my needs the best . -LRB- I have a 3 month old and a 26 month old -RRB- Pros : - Very light - turns very well - fairly easy to fold - kids seem to like itCons : - If you are using the infant attachment you have to take it off every time you put it in your trunk . -LRB- I have a mid-sized sedan -RRB- It does n't bother me that much but drives my husband crazy . - It does n't stand up on its own when its folded . We have to make sure that the wheels are locked and then prop it up against something . It 's a bit more annoying then I thought it would be.Overall , I am happy with my choice and would recommend it to others with children around the same age .
 I bought this stroller when my daughter was 2.5 yrs old and I had a newborn . She was a little jealous that my son got to sit in the front , even though she had started to be more independent of a stroller and started wanting to walk more . It was all about who she thought was center of attention ... :-RRB- Now she is fine with it . I used to strap my son in a moby wrap and would give her the option sometimes of sitting in the front or back . She chose the front ... and does enjoy the more comfortable position , but realizes that once she is there , I am not taking her in and out as she pleases , every few mins . So now she started chosing the back and enjoys jumping in and out , sitting or standing , facing me or facing the front , where she can also see her baby brother . I would prefer if she could just sit back and relax in the back if she wanted ... but as it is it is not UNcomfortable . Just not lay-back comfortable . It helps to think of it as a bench , which it is , than a snug baby seat . I became quite comfortable with this being her seat because I do n't want her to LIKE to sit down . I want her to walk as much as she can , and when she is tired , I have a ready bench for her without needing to stop . She gets recharged after sitting a few min , and then is back on her feet again . I think this stroller is actually perfect for older toddlers/kids because it fosters the need to be active , helps them be a little more independent , and you can walk farther with your kids because when they get tired , they can rest and you can keep going.It does have great storage as well . It has 2 convenient mesh side pockets on the bottom that I use for baby toys or a bag of snacks that I can just reach in and grab easily . The basket underneath the toddler bench is decent sized . Not tiny and not as big as my single stroller . But I can fit in a stuffed diaper bag and purse . The parent tray looks insignificant but I can actually fit more in it than my regular single stroller . It has one zippered pocket and a wide kind of open pocket behind it -LRB- nothing has ever fallen out , perfect for easy access to plane tickets or zoo maps , as well as space for two parent drinks.This stroller also fits in my tiny car . I think it is the only one that would . It also steers great and IS light.In short , I am pretty satisfied with my choice of stroller , mainly because like I mentioned before , I like that my daughter is NOT strapped to a stroller and as a result walks a lot more.Just a few negatives ... * It would be great if the seats were a little more padded . * Its just ok at going through grass , not the best , but it is VERY smooth on concrete . * It would also be great if somehow the person in the back could lean back more comfortably , especially when you have a baby seat in the front . * Its a little hard removing the carseat adaptor , snack tray , or canopy . I do n't like to do it because it is not easy for me . The little `` snaps '' are hard to press to release them ... they are in too deep ... maybe its just me . -LRB- I do have to remove the canopy and adaptor when using my small car so the stroller fits ... but at least it DOES fit , unlike most all double strollers out there ! -RRB- I recommend this stroller , especially if you 're short on space .
 I love this stroller.PROS : - It fits in my Mazda 3 trunk , as opposed to many other strollers . - It is light . - The older kid -LRB- 2.5 years older than the baby -RRB- likes that he is riding like a `` big kid '' and can hop on and off any time -LRB- any time I let him to -RRB- . - The stroller had car seat adapter . - It is really short ! So you can maneuver in stores and restaurants . It goes smoothly on pavement . - I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and it 's comfortable for me to push.CONS -LRB- why I do not give it 5 stars -RRB- : - The seat for the baby is not the most comfortable available in the market . I mean it is comfortable alright , but I saw more luxurious ones on other strollers . - I have to remove the canopy and the tray in the front in order to put the stroller in the trunk . The `` buttons '' you have to push to remove them are hard on my fingers , so I have to use a car key to push them . I guess I have to get a different car :D You do not have to remove them if you are putting the stroller in Honda CRV .
 I bought this stroller nearly a year ago , when my baby was a newborn and my older daughter was 2.5 . I had a Graco infant carrier that fit snugly with the universal adapter , but now my baby sits in the front with the snack/cup holder tray . I have been everywhere with this stroller -- airport , Disneyland , zoo , malls , walks in the park -- and I still love it as much as when I bought it . The parent organizer is the perfect size for my wallet , sunglasses , cell phone , iPod , keys , and water , plus extras like Kleenex and hand sanitizer for the kids . Then I stick my spare diaper & changing pad in the basket underneath the seats , and I 'm good to go all day ! In the airport , I actually stick the baby in my Ergo and load up the front seat with our carry-on luggage.My 3.5 year-old loves this stroller as well . It 's true that with the infant carrier on the front seat , she could n't quite sit up straight on the back , but that never seemed to bother her . She loves having the option to sit , stand , or walk when we 're out . I get compliments on this stroller nearly every time I use it.I read many reviews before settling on this stroller , and it 's important to know that this is not an umbrella stroller or a jogging stroller , and it does n't have the conveniences of both . But I was n't looking for a side-by-side stroller because it seems like those never fit anywhere , and I do n't like the design that has one child sitting behind and practically underneath the other child . This stroller is light , but long -LRB- which it has to be , since it 's carrying two children -RRB- . It does n't exactly turn on a dime , and I have to slow down a bit more to go up and down curbs without a ramp -LRB- again , because it 's carrying nearly 60 pounds of children -RRB- . But I 've never had any problem with the wheels like I read in other reviews.I drive a mid-size SUV and it takes up half the floor space in my trunk . It can get smaller if you remove the canopy and tray but I 've never needed to do that.I would absolutely buy this stroller again , and I have recommended it to several friends . It is exactly what I wanted in a double-stroller .
 I have owned this stroller for 2 1/2 years now , and it is fantastic . I bought it when I was pregnant with my second child . I loved that I could use it with an infant seat or without when your baby gets older . He is now 2 1/2 years old and it still works great for both kids -LRB- I also have a 5 year old -RRB- . Excellent handling , easy to open and fold up . Does not take up my whole trunk space -LRB- I have a Camry -RRB- . Plenty of storage underneath . A little heavy , but very durable . We take it everywhere from the mall to the zoo . I fits in so many more places than the side-by-side strollers and is much easier to drive . Cleans up easy , and the tray and canopy come off/on easy when you do n't need them . Love it , love it , love it ! Best baby product I ever owned !!
 We love our Joovy Ultra Lite . I have a three year old and an eight month old and we have used it since our eight month old was born . I love that it is not too heavy for a double stroller and easy to collapse and set up . It has gone to the beach , to the zoo , on walks , and both kids love it . My 3 year old loves that he can get on and off when he wants . I also love the parent organizer - tons of space for keys , cell phone and drinks . It 's the perfect stroller for a toddler and a baby !
 I researched a ton of double strollers , sit and stands and tandems before I chose to purchase this particular stroller . If you 're looking for a light weight stroller for 2 kids -LRB- toddler and a younger child -RRB- and do not want to spend in the $ 300 's and $ 400 's , this is the one to buy . It was really hard to find a stroller that can accommodate 2 kids that is reasonably priced , lightweight , and had the nice parent trays , etc. . I belive this stroller has most of those qualities . Pros
 I got this stroller for my 4 and 2 yr old . It works great and I think I should have bought it a year ago to get maximum use out of it . Also , the front seat is more suitable for a 1-1 .5 old . I was looking for a light weight and compact stroller so this was the best choice I had . I have a graco and maclaren also . The maclaren is the best and it compares to graco ride-wise . I also got its cover from -LSB- ... -RSB- for free which is a must if you want to use this stroller in rainy and cold weather .
 Best purchase I have ever made . I have three kids under 4 and they ALL ride together comfortably in this . Great maneuverability . Love it !
 This was a gift that I bought for my daughter . She is thrilled with it.Now when she walks the new baby my 4 year old granddaughter can either stand on the back of the stroller or sit in the second seat . It makes life much easier when shopping with two children . It is easy to push and easy to fold and put in the car . It is also as light as it could possibly be considering all of the features it offers .
 What an awesome package deal Amazon had . It came with two extra accessories so I did n't have to pay extra to buy them -LRB- it was a speacial seat cover and the parent organizer -RRB- . The item did not say these two accessories were included so I was pleasantly surprised when I found them in the box . I love the color and functionality and my three year old loves riding on it , whether sitting or standing . And because it 's the ultralight , it 's manageable to steer and to put away in the car .
 I really like this stroller however the basket could be a little larger and easier to get too . It does not have a standard cup holder but mine came with one and it would be great if it had a harder one . I understand that it needs to be soft for your little one but they could put it to the outside of the stroller towards you that way it wo n't get in the way of your little one standing or getting in/out of the stroller . Very light weight stroller and that 's great . We recently took it on a weekend trip and I have no complaints about the weight or how it handles . As explained before it could use some improvements with other things .
 I am thrilled with this stroller . So long , monster graco double that requires muscles I never knew I had to turn . My six month old , who does n't sit up yet very well , sat right up in the front seat and happily hit the tray . He loves it ! It is incredibly easy to put together -LRB- snap the wheels on basically -RRB- and lift . The best part though , is the movement . It turns so well and feels like it glides when I push it.I was slightly concerned that my 26 month old would n't be into the back seat , but she seems to love it ! She gets to be in charge of the cup holder for her cup and my water bottle , which face her when she is sitting . She wo n't stand up . . yet . . but when she does there is a net pocket behind the seat that she can use . I was also wondering if the storage basket would be useless if the toddler is sitting on top of it - I found out that it is a net so I can reach in through the side if need be . Yay Joovy!I also wondered about if the handle would be tall enough . I am 5 '10 and am really uncomfortable with most umbrella-type strollers both because I kick them when I 'm trying to push and it hurts my back to have to bend to grab them . No worries with this one , it is certainly tall enough -LRB- compare the height in the specs to your other strollers if you are concerened -RRB- and I have n't kicked . I will add an image of my husband , 6 ' 1 with the stroller because I would have found that useful.I never got to test out a Joovy Caboose non-ultralight so I ca n't speak to that issue . Once I knew I was going to buy the parent organizer , which comes with the ultralight -LRB- do n't buy it separate ! -RRB- , I just went for it and assumed I would appreciate the other product upgrades .
 Looking for a stroller for my three year old and new baby , I chose this one . It is perfect . I wanted something that would help wean my toddler 's dependency on being pushed around while giving him the opportunity to have a break from walking . It has a smooth ride and is really sturdy . I have n't figured out how to use the stand part but I do n't think that it 's important . It is definitely big when folded but it is fairly light . Great stroller for what it is .
 Stroller has been very effective . The only issue I have is that my older child constantly steps on the brakes when she gets on the `` jump seat '' . The `` jump seat '' also slides back and forth especially when you do n't want it to , I wish it locked into place . Otherwise a great stroller for the money and I like that I can navigate shopping isles with it and pop it in and out of my trunk with relative ease .
 I have newborn , 2 and 4 year old children , and while the 4 year old no longer needs a stroller , the 2 year old definitely needs containing !! / This stroller works well for my 2 smaller children ; the infant seat fits in the front , and the 2 year old can easily seat himself or stand . the only drawback is the storage area . . it is impossible to reach when my toddler is seated ! a small price to pay for such a well made and easy to use stroller !
 As a working mom of a 28 month old and 5 month old , I had the internal `` do we need a double stroller '' debate for several months but all of my friends gave ho-hum reviews to their double strollers until I ran into a friend at the zoo last weekend and she had the joovy caboose . She RAVED about it , I had stroller envy , and my hubby and I decided to get it . I could n't wait to get it out of the box and put it together -LRB- which I did on my own in about 15 minutes ... with no tools needed ! -RRB- . It is everything I hoped it would be and I 'm not sure what measurements I messed up -LRB- thought that it would only fit in our truck -RRB- but I was pleasantly surprised that it fits in an older model BMW 3 series . Worth every penny for the first stroller we ever bought -LRB- got ta love hand me downs -RRB- !!!!!! By the way , it now comes with the parent organizer so do n't buy that separately .
 The basket is a little difficult to access but that 's very minor in comparison to how efficient this product is . I definitely would NOT recommend this to a parent who 's toddler is under 2 . My son does n't sleep in the stroller anymore so the bench was good enough for taking a rest . I have had this stroller for a week and he is still learning to stand without trying to escape when the stroller is in motion . Also , you can not leave the car seat adapter on if you want to store it in the car which is a bit of a pain but again , very minor complaint . I ca n't image a tandem stroller getting anymore compact than this . I did not have any problems with its maneuverability like the other parents . I found this stroller to be pretty sturdy and well constructed ... but then again mine is still fairly new .
 I bought this for my 2.5 y.o. and 3 month old . I love it ! My 2.5 y.o. still prefers to walk , but hopefully soon , he 'll want to ride on it . It 's very lightweight and I like the bright color , makes it easy to find in a crowd . The canopy covers both kids too . Two downfalls , it is a bit difficult to get stuff in and out of the basket -LRB- but it can be done -RRB- underneath and when I use the car seat , my 2.5 y.o. can not sit on the seat behind because the seat in front tilts too far back . He has to stand when using the car seat.The other thing that I did not do -LRB- even though I read someone 's else 's review about it -RRB- , is measure my trunk ! It does not fit -LRB- because of the canopy -RRB- in a VW Passat or a Honda Civic trunk , but luckily it does fit into a 2002 Ford Taurus .
 I love this stroller . It is so much better than the Baby Trend Sit-n-stand . My 3.5 year old loves to ride on it and it is very easy to manuever with both him and his sister in her infant car seat . It feels very sturdy , not too heavy for the type of stroller it is . I also got the parent organizer with it -- It 's great , holds things much better than the traditional plastic tray .
 Where I live , many of the streets are cobblestone and it is still holding up - well . I think the size is great and it never feels like I am pushing a double stroller . It does n't seem weird pushing it with only one kid . The bottom storage basket is a little small , but the organizer on the handlebars is great . I love the visor , I am glad I got the ultralight caboose with the bigger visor . I think the front seat is a little small for older children , but it is perfect for my kids age range -LRB- 1 and 4 -RRB- . The child in the back ca n't sit comfortably when the child in the front is reclined , but standing is OK . It is not the best stroller for kids in sleep in , especially in the back . When both kids are riding , it can be a little difficult to steer and keep straight on sidewalks that slant a little . Overall , I like it .
 I am so thrilled with this stroller ! I 've got a 3 year old and 5 month old that we still like to keep in the carseat and this stroller really fit the bill.My 3 year old loves how she can easily get on and off when she gets tired/feels like walking , and I really like that my infant faces me . It is very easy to use with the carseat with the adapter that 's included . when she 's old enough to sit in the front seat , I was glad to see that the harness is attached and will be a great secure seat . We have a peg perego for our first single stroller and I was always annoyed that the harness was n't attached to the back of the seat except by a little hook that use to always slip out . Not such a big deal as my tot got bigger , but not helpful when she was an infant.what I also like is how easy it is to open and close , and how light it is ! It 's a little long with the car seat adapter , but fits easily into my Hylander . It 's also a great shade of Orange.Would definitely recommend this to anyone with a toddler and smaller child .
 I purchased the Joovy Stand On Tandem for my 2 year old . He loves the versatility of riding in the front or back -LRB- usually chooses sitting in back -RRB- , and I love the extra room for purchases when shopping or supplies when going to the zoo . I have a Lexus IS250 and it just barely fits in the trunk , but easily fits in grandma 's Honda Accord . Great purchase !
 This stroller is wonderful ! It 's compact and lightweight . Both babies can fit in it and it works perfectly with the chicco keyfit 30 carseat . Would highly recommend .
 SUPER EASY TO MENEUVER I 'M A GRANDMA OF 2 5mos AND 4 yrs OLD IT 'S EASY AND LIGHT WEIGHT WE GO EVERYWHERE WITH THIS STROLLER THE MALL-MOVIES-AQUARIUM I 'M SO HAPPY I BOUGHT IT P.S. AMAZON HAD THE BEST PRICE I SAVED ATLEAST 50.00 DOLLARS
 I agree with most of other reviewers comments , it is a very good one if you have an active 3 year old , especially a boy . My 3.5 boy would give this stroller a 5 star as now he refuses to ride his bike & scooter , all he does is get in and out of the stroller , he never gets tired of it , he stand on it backford , forward , sideward , sit on it , knee on it , ride it like a scooter , hand and dangle from the push bar , it is so much fun.The sunshade seems to be sufficiently large.However , for a parent , the front seat seems to be too hard -LRB- not well cushioned -RRB- , my baby does not seem to be too comfortable in it -LRB- but he does not complain -RRB- , and the stroller is not as sturdy as my other strollers , it wiggles which makes me worry that it may fall apart . It is especially not sturdy on an even path , and prone to tilt over , and hard to push around on uneven path -LRB- which is what we like to do -RRB- . And , the front tray is difficult to get off , unlike other ones you can unhook one side and swirle it to the side .
 For those of you who read these and wonder what to believe belive me this stroller is wonderful . For all you first time moms if you are thinking about having another kid skip the single stroller and get this I have two kids and one on the way we recently went to disneyland and this stroller was perfect it held my back pack -LRB- full of snacks and lunch -RRB- jackets and a small diaper bag . The basket size is a little smaller than a single stroller but you can take a whole other kid It was way light after 6 days at disneyland and lots of pushing my arms never got tired ; -RRB- It lived up to my expectations and even though the price waas a little more you get what you pay for and this is a nice stroller . sorry this is so long it is just so great !
 I highly recommend this stroller . The only thing that I do not like is that it takes a lot of room in your car . My car is a Honda CRV so it does not have a large trunk . I have a 2 1/2 year old and an infant so I use this stroller on a daily basis . It is a good looking stroller as well . Compared to many other double strollers , this is by far better then most .
 Strong and very light for a two child stroller . The back seat could be longer and the basket easier to get at though .
 Nice piece . Lightweight but sturdy and easy to maneuver . I paid just $ 199 for this -LRB- gold box -RRB- . But it 's a good deal even at $ 250 or so.The only complain I have is the size of the ` trunk ' underneath . It 's really very small . But well , one ca n't get everything .
 We just bought this after researching many other options for our son who is almost 3 and the new baby we 're about to have . I have test driven my son in it several times and he loves the step and even buckles himself in ! He seems to know that spot is for him and that the other part is for the `` new baby '' . I do agree with other reviewers that the storage underneath could be a bit larger and that my son will have to lean forward a bit in the seat , but I do n't see either of these to be big problems for us . We 're pleased with our purchase !
 We really love our Joovy Caboose Ultralight stroller ! We have used it with our toddler -LRB- now preschooler -RRB- and our baby for almost 10 months now , and we could n't have gotten around without it . It is smaller and much lighter weight than other double strollers , but it feels sturdy . It maneuvers easily , especially for a double stroller . Both kids look comfortable riding in it . The back-to-back positioning for the kids is good , because they do n't grab each others ' things . Everytime I go out with this stroller , I have people telling me what a well-designed stroller it is and asking me where I got it .
 After researching dozens of double strollers , I purchased the joovy ultralight caboose . I have a 20-mon-old and another on the way and wanted something light enough to use everyday . I tried it out with my friend 's toddler and even with over 50 pounds worth of kid -LRB- my friend 's boy in the front , my son in the back -RRB- it was easy to push . I like that it turns easily and is nice and narrow . In fact , it is about the same size and weight as my single graco stroller , and steers much better even with two kids ! Have yet to try the infant car seat attachment , but I plan on using that once the baby is born .
 This is a GREAT stroller ! I ca n't even say how much I love it ! The kids love it . Has lots of space under seats for carrying stuff . It is so light , I can push it with one hand . Turns really nicely too!I HIGHLY recommend !
 It is so lightweight and easy to steer . It is so comfortable for my 2 year old who is quite tall for his age . He loves to sit or stand in the back ! My daughter is 4 months and her car seat is so easy to place in the front and she is secure . She loves the view when we take walks . The canopy covers both of them . I love taking them out together finally at the same time . Its hard to go out with small children at those particular ages . My son can still sit in the front and I can go out shopping with him and put some groceries in the back . This stroller is GREAT !!!! I am so happy and grateful that someone finally invented a carriage like this one . Well worth the money . I can use this carriage for at least the next two to three years .
 I have a 2 year old and a 12 week old . This stroller rocks . My daughter loves to sit on her `` big girl seat '' facing me while I push . I have n't let her stand on it yet b/c they recommend the child be at least 2 1/2 years . I opted for the lightweight ... worth every penny . It folds up easy and stores in the back of my van . Turns easy . Everywhere I go , people comment on the stroller , all positive . There is n't much storage area underneath ... but some is better than none . Overall , I 'm excited about my stroller . I have the black ... shows no dirt , I love it .
 Great stroller-takes up as much space as any other double would -- agree with users that the space on the bottom is NOT easily accessible nor big enough ... I have a 9 week old and a 28 month old -LRB- 2 + yrs -RRB- and they like it a lot . My boy is very active and I was n't sure how he 'd handle the back part-but he lOVES it ! His legs ARE long and I do have to remind him to pick up his feet a lot . I 'm not going to underrate this stroller b/c of my boy 's behavior LOL!All in all - WORTH THE PURCHASE -- easy to put together -- lightweight -- I 'm 5 ' 5 and carry it fine ... Hope this helps !
 Love this stroller ! I just purchased it a short while ago and absolutely love it . My kids love it as well . I have a 3 and almost 2 year old and they are enjoying sitting -LRB- and standing -RRB- in this stroller . It 's not only convenient but also lightweight and easy to use . I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a double stroller with kids that are about 18 months apart or so .
 I HIGHLY recommend this stroller ! It is so convenient , lightweight and actually folds smaller than my Graco Metrolight ! -LRB- without the canopy -RRB- The steering alone should make this stroller an award winner . I had my newborn in his carrier on the front and my 35 # 3 year old riding on the back and was ` driving ' through a rainy parking lot with ONE HAND holding an umbrella with the other . There was NO STRAIN to steer or push AT ALL ! It is incredible !!! The basket is of course not ideal , but I did n't expect it to be , with all the other features it has , that was not a priority for me . My older son actually prefers to ride facing forward with his feet in the basket anyway . It clears up the handle bar to hold my bag that way , too ! Anyway , I LOVE THIS STROLLER , it is a MUST HAVE !!! I have NO regrets !!
 I consider myself very educated when it comes to strollers . We have so many of them . We have a single stroller . We have a double stroller . We have an umbrella stroller . We have the umbrella like stroller that is a little better than a typical umbrella , but not quite as big as a regular single . We have a jogging stroller . We have a child 's wheelchair . and of course we have this sit and stand . I love this sit and stand . I 've used it with my older 2 kids , when they were little . I had baby in front and big boy standing in back . Now I use it with my youngest 2 . My 4 year old with CP sits in the back -LRB- there is even a seatblet back there -RRB- and my 2 year old sits in the front . Really either kid could sit in the back , but I like trapping my 2 yr old in so he ca n't jump off and run out . The sunroof is detachable , which I would suggest if you have 2 kids in there . There are nice handles in the back for the child who is in the sit or stand part . My only complaint -LRB- which is really my kids ;-RRB- -RRB- is that when they sit back to back they constantly pester each other , since they are sharing a backrest . If I could do it over again with all my stroller purchases I would have this one and my city mini single stroller and a cheap umbrellar and not have wasted with the others . Stroller still holding up in excellent condition after 4 1/2 years of occasional use .
 I went back and forth for a long time and read so many reviews before deciding on this stroller . I am so glad I did ! I love it . It pushes just as easily as the maclaren umbrella stroller I used with my little boy . I have a 3 and a half year old and a new born . My three and a half year old LOVES his `` big bubba seat '' and the flexibility it gives him with the options to sit , stand , or easily get on and off . I even use this stroller when I only have my baby because I love using the toddler seat as storage . I am thrilled with this stroller and totally reccomend it to anyone ! My only concern was that my three year old would have nothing to lean back on if he wanted to take a nap . . the reality is that he is too big to want or need to take a nap in the stroller anyway !
 I 'm the mother two girls , ages newborn and 2 1/2 years . I purchased the Joovy Caboose Ultralight after having seen another mother with her newborn and toddler using the stroller . I asked her about the brand -LRB- I 'd never heard of it before -RRB- and she let me take a look and steer it a little to see if I liked it . My first impression was how well it handled ... very smooth and turns on a dime . After doing some of my own research , I decided to purchase one for our family . I can easily maneuver the stroller with one hand . It is lightweight , and folds easily , also fits in the trunk of my car very easily -LRB- I drive a mid-size sedan -RRB- . It 's well constructed , and has a sleek and modern look . So far I 've taken this stroller with my own children to the mall , the zoo , and a couple other area attractions and have been overall happy with it . There are two things that do annoy me though . With the infant car seat in place , there is not much room for my toddler to sit comfortably . She can easily stand , however , and this suits her fine because she hops on and off fairly often , especially at places like the zoo where there is lots to see . Also , the storage basket is very large , but not easily accessible , especially with the toddler seat pushed back to the `` stand '' position . The diaper bag and our gear fits in it well , but we ca n't easily get to it once it 's in there . However , after seeing many other parents out and about with their double strollers and other brands of sit and stand strollers , I have to say that the Joovy seems to perform better -LRB- I can get through a store in the mall without hitting a clothes rack or bumping into people , walls , etc. . And the storage basket DOES hold the diaper bag and a couple shopping bags without a problem ... even if accessing them is a little difficult . More than I can say for some of the other strollers out there . -RRB- I would recommend the Joovy Caboose Ultralight as a good option in the world of strollers for two children !
 I chose this stroller based on other amazon reviews and it has proved to be a wonderful choice . It is light-weight and the grandchildren love it . It has recently made a trip to Disneyland and Seaworld . The 3 year old loves the sit/stand option , and the 7 mo old was very content . Great Stroller !
 I have three kids and have used this stroller for over 2 years .1 -RRB- The tray is near impossible to get off and after a while you will grow to hate that tray and might not even use it .2 -RRB- Not a quick in and out of the car stroller . You have to fight it a bit .3 -RRB- Does not recline enough for a nap for your baby and the seat is not very padded . I am getting ready to purchase the extra pad for it online . Oh , When the seat in reclined the older child has very little room to sit.I have plenty of good things to say about the stroller but I figured I just give the negatives b/c you probably already the know the good things .
 Over the years I have owned 8 different strollers . They just keep getting better and I 'm no longer a poor college student so my options are a little more expanded then when I first started having kids.The Joovy Ultralight caught my eye when I had kids # 4 and # 5 . What really turned my attention is the larger canopy that covers both the child in the seat and the child in the back . I did wait for the 2010 model to be released.The weight of this stroller is amazingly light . It is very easy to handle while it is folded up and barely takes up any more room than my MacLaren Quest Umbrella Stroller . It 's very easy to get in and out of a sedan trunk . It unfolds in an instant . The folding mechanism is a little more tricky , you need to really put pressure in just the right place to get it to collapse but after a few times of folding it down you get used to it and it then becomes a snap . There is a latch that holds it shut so it wo n't fly open when you 're not expecting it to . There is also a latch as an extra security measure to keep the stroller open . I find this to be a very nice feature . One flaw is that the latch that acts as an extra security to keep the stroller open has to be manually latched . It would have been better if the latch automatically locked when the stroller springs open but the downside of having that is then you would have a two step release to collapse and I 'm sure people would have been outraged to have to take an extra step.Another feature I really like is that the stroller comes with an infant carseat adapter and parent organizer/drink holder for the handlebar . A lot of strollers these days do n't include this , you have to buy them extra and they can become expensive . The infant carseat adapter is made so that it can fit just about any infant carseat without having to move bars around or make adjustments . The infant seat fits snug when you strap it in.The 2010 model has a different reclining mechanism for the front seat . It is much easier to use than the 2009 model and reclines almost entirely flat . This is great for the front seater but leaves almost no room for sitting for the child in the back - they would have to stand . There are multiple recline levels though which would allow for the older child to sit.The back seat is adjustable in that it moves forward or backwards . It is also padded and has a three point harness clip to keep your active toddler in the stroller when needed . It has padded handlebars for the toddler to hold as well as a padded handlebar for mom or dad.The parent organizer is nice , it has two drink holders and a zippered pocket . The underneath storage is quit adequate . It can hold a lot of stuff . The easiest way to get into the underneath storage is to go at it from the top , slide the toddler seat all the way back and it opens a space to get into the storage . There are also two mesh pockets on both sides of the lower storage , nice for storing little things you might need quickly like wipes & diapers . The mesh pockets snap on the top.The stroller handles really well . Not quite as well as any stroller with a front swivel wheel but extremely well . The wheels do n't stick , they glide nicely . The front wheels can lock for going over rough terrain . It is narrow enough to fit down most shopping aisles and is n't so super long and bulky as other full double strollers.For moms expecting their second child I would not hesitate to recommend this stroller .
 I just received this stroller and I love it ! I did HOURS of research and finally decided on buying this one and am glad I did . Here 's why .1 . Super light ! Very easy to lift into my SUV .2 . Folds very easily . Yes , you need 2 hands to do it . Someone wrote this as a negative b/c with 2 kids it can bedifficult with 2 kids running around ... . reality , your kids should be in the car already when you are foldingup the stroller so it 's not a problem .3 . Oversized canopy is great .4 . Fits my Graco snugride infant seat just fine . It is a strap which concerned some parents , but after I tested itmyself , it 's fine . It is secured into the stroller the same way you would strap the infant seat in the car ifyou do n't have a base . So if it 's secure enough for the car , then it 's fine for a stroller ride ! And I triedwhat one lady had in her pictures with the infant in the back and it feels pretty secure to me ! 5 . Turns on a dime ! Rolls very smoothly ! 6 . Super easy to put together . I took it out of the box and had the thing put completely together in 10 minutes . Notools required ! 7 . My daughter loves that she can easily get on and off and finds the seat comfortable . She actually preferssitting .8 . Small footprint for a double stroller . I am willing to bet that this stroller is about the same size maybe justa little bigger than my Graco Quattro .9 . Love the parent organizer . Ca n't hold a cup of coffee , but water bottles fit perfectly.Of course there are the few personal things but no stroller is absolutely perfect .1 . Storage basket is a little difficult to get to , so it takes 10 seconds instead of 2 to put something into .2 . Since it is a small footprint , which I love , that just means there is n't A LOT of room for the toddler in theback . But you ca n't have it both ways and she has n't complained .3 . Parent organizer ca n't hold a cup of coffee , but I guess I should be drinking more water anyway : -RRB-
 I got this a couple of weeks ago for my 3 1/2 yr twins - I love it . The only downfall is that I did not get this stroller years ago -LRB- or the double -RRB- . I had to give up my graco duo glider because it got to hard to push and stear when the kids were well under 2 . Then I moved to a jogger - moved smooth and easy but very big/wide . This is the perfect combination of ease and size . both kids love to ride in it , mainly the back . I even pushed all 3 of my kids in it with ease , in the back one sat and the other stood -LRB- about 110 pounds -RRB- and it looks like it can handle it-nice bonus . I looked at the non ultralight model and the sit-n-stand and because of the weight of the kids already I went with the lighter , well contructed one . The wheels are some of the nicest I have seen on a stroller . The basket is a nice size but hard to get at.Update - 2 years later . Kids 5,5 , and 7 and we still use it . I bought this planning to sell it by now because my kids are `` too old '' for a stroller . Not so - when we are on an all day outing -LRB- Carnival , Mall -RRB- I bring it , it is just so easy . I already got rid of my wagons - to hard to pull with the weight and the fighting over the 2 spots . This stroller gives them a nice rest while we are out . Mom can still push them with ease -LRB- 35 # , 47 # and 50 # -RRB- . We have not broken it either :--RRB- unlike some others . I love the parent organizer , Its ease of use , light weight , its smooth to push , great wheels , compact size , and my kids can hop off and on in seconds . All three do still try to get on but then it is to much of a workout for mom . I can push it with one hand -LRB- not easy but it can be done -RRB- . When we do not have this stroller with , we have to keep our outing to a minimum . I am not a fan of caring anything so this is almost as easy as grabbing a backpack.I can see how this would get 1-2 stars - This is not your `` napper '' stroller , but it can fit two kids where others fit one . It is not a comfy stroller for the babies/toddlers -LRB- Duo Glider is - hard to steer after 50 pounds -RRB- . It does not handle all terrain like a Jogger -LRB- BIG -RRB- . As for some reviews about the back seat - keep in mind that the back seat slide back and forth about 4 inches -LRB- I did not know this right away -RRB- . Forward for the sit and Back for the stand . Even so , when the front seat is reclined -LRB- it only has two positions -RRB- It makes the back seat really small and not ideal for sitting - more of a quick rest . If all your kids are looking for a plush ride this is not the stroller for you .
 This stroller is exactly what I was looking for !!! I have a 4 month old and a busy boy who will be 4 at the end of this month . I had a double Combi stroller and my Son 's legs would drag on the wheels making it impossible for me to push the stroller . The Joovy Caboose Ultralight is so easy to stear and to fold up . My Son loves riding on the back like a big boy , but I can still buckle him in when I need to . I put my Combi infant carrier in the front seat with the car seat attachment and my Son is very comfortable in the back . I am a small person 5 ' 3 '' 100 pounds and this is very easy for me to put in the back of my Audi Q7 . I have to lift it up quite a ways and it is n't too heavy . Also I want to mention when you have the car seat in the front you do n't have to recline the front seat all the way so your big kid can still sit if they want to . That was a question I had that I could n't find anywhere on line . This stroller is very well made and we could not be happier with it !
 I have a 3 year old and a 3 month old and this stroller is the best . It 's light enough to take in and out of the car several times a day . It works great with the Graco snugride infant carrier . The only down side is the toddler jump seat is not stationary - but neither is my 3 year old so it does n't really matter . I really love this stroller and I 'm glad I spent the extra money on the ultralight .
 When my second child was born my first one was still under 2 so I decided to go with the more typical front back double stroller and that worked nicely for a time . As they both got older -LRB- now 3 and 1 -RRB- I got tired of lugging the huge stroller around especially when my oldest was always in and out . So after much research I opted for the Joovy stroller . WE LOVE IT . My daughter loves the ability to get in and out , sit or stand . The front still reclines enough for my son to take a little nap if necessary . It does reduce the space for the back child once the seat is reclined but my daughter does n't mind and usually takes that opportunity to stand or walk next to me . I have not had the need to put an infant seat in it but I suspect if you are planning to do this on a very regular basis this is probably not the best choice as I believe the back child would have little space and would need to be in an awkward position . We just took it on vacation to California and it was great in the airport and folded up quickly for gate check in . Also , love the color . It stands out especially in stroller parking at Seaword , Disney and the likes .
 Awesome , awesome stroller . Just got my ultralight and am very pleased . Seems like high quality material and sturdy craftmanship compared to other strollers I 've been viewing in stores . Very light and turns on a dime ... fits through small doorways with ease.Baby Carseat Placed in Back : I have a 16 month old , and a newborn due any day . I wanted a tandem stroller in which I could put the baby carseat in the back . After reading two other reviews on here about modifying it to do just that , I took the risk and ordered the stroller . My evenflo car seat sits perfectly secure on the bars for the sit 'n stand . I do n't even feel it 's necessary to tie it down to the stroller , it fits so well . This is not an approved set-up for the stroller , but I feel comfortable using it this way . You do have to keep the front seat in the upright position ... but my 16 month old likes sitting up straight . Also , I am excited about this modification because when my 16 month old is older , she 'll use the sit 'n stand and the newborn will be sitting in the front . It 's a stroller that can grow with my children and I feel like I 'll really get my money 's worth out of it.Fits in a Small Car Trunk : I was very concerned about finding a double tandem stroller that would fit in my Mazda Protege . It has a VERY small trunk , and I have n't been able to find any double stroller that would fit it . If you remove the sun shade and snack tray -LRB- or carseat holder if using -RRB- the stroller folds up much smaller in length . In fact , it fits in my trunk better then my current evenflo aura single stroller !!! And it 's not hard to remove or put back on the sun shade or snack tray !!! So easy , they just snap into place -LRB- they are meant to be removed -RRB- . I am 5 ' 11 '' and the handlebar is perfect in heigth !!!!! This is a dream stroller , especially for such a reasonable price !
 My kids are 2 1/2 years apart , and I was seriously hoping I 'd never have to buy a double stroller . I lasted a whole year -- I would wear my daughter in a wrap , and usually bring our Maclaren Quest out on long trips so my older son could ride in it instead of complaining that he wanted to be carried , too . It was a good setup.When my daughter turned a year , she suddenly discovered strollers . My son was now 3 1/2 , but also very attached to * his * stroller and did n't want to share . Doing day trips was getting a little harder , and I started wishing I could have a better place to store my diaper bag , not to mention a place where both kids could sit . I remembered looking at Joovy strollers when I was pregnant , but I never got one . I decided to start looking at them again -- we were planning a trip that summer and I knew that it would be nice to have a new stroller before that trip.After much research -LRB- especially after viewing Baby Gizmo 's video review -RRB- , I decided to get the Joovy Caboose Ultralight . I LOVE it . I do n't think I 've ever been happier with a stroller , and this is my fourth one.Easy to maneuver -- Of course , it 's harder than my Maclaren , especially when it 's fully loaded with kids , but it 's so much easier than other double strollers . If I really need to , I can sort of push it one handed for a short time , especially if only one kid is riding . Since my kids are both totally mobile , they do n't ride in the stroller the whole time , but it 's not really cumbersome to push the empty stroller . It 's also not very big -- I think it 's just slightly bigger than a regular single stroller . I can fit it through doorways and it does n't take up a lot of room when parked.Storage -- Keep in mind , every time I 'd put a diaper bag on the back of the Maclaren , it would tip over if no kid was inside , so it 's SO NICE having a storage basket . It can fit a pretty full diaper bag . The only complaint is that my older kid has to get out of the back seat if I need to completely remove the diaper bag , but it 's not terrible . I can also put things in the outside pockets , so I usually stash snacks and water there . The parent organizer is also really nice to have . I find myself bringing the stroller even when I do n't expect my kids to ride in it for long because I can also fit things in the seats . I 've managed small grocery trips where I put the small basket in the back seat.Other features -- The stroller has a 3 position recline , which I 've only used a couple times . If you do recline it fully , the older child can only stand in the back . The sunshade is nice and big and can cover both kids sufficiently . The seat belts are easy for me to fasten and unfasten , and it 's nice having the seat belt for the back seat , too . It 's only a 3-point harness in the back , but it definitely works to restrain my 3 1/2 year old , though unless he 's fighting to get out of the stroller -LRB- hooray tantrums ! -RRB- , I usually do n't buckle him in . My daughter also enjoys her snack tray , though her Nuby sippy cups do n't fit in the beverage slots on the tray.Collapsing the stroller -- My only big complaint about this stroller is that the locking mechanism for when the stroller is collapsed does n't hold very well . It comes undone when I put the stroller in the car or I take it out , so the stroller sometimes threatens to open when I 'm not ready for it to open . But it does collapse easily , and you can open the stroller with hardly any effort . The size of the collapsed stroller is n't tiny , but it definitely fits with no issue in our minivan -LRB- along with an extra stroller , our bike and tricycle , plus all the other miscellaneous items we keep in our trunk -RRB- . You can also strap in an infant carseat to the front of the stroller , but since I did n't get the stroller until my daughter was over a year , I have n't needed to use that option.I highly recommend this stroller to anyone who has two kids and is looking for an option that is n't a big clunky double stroller . I almost look forward to taking a stroller with me when I 'm out and about with the kids .
 Bought this one for our first grand baby , after buying the last one for our grand nephew . Love how soft it is and the bright colors . It is machine washable , and the little hanging thingys come off for baby to play with like little rattles . All folds up into a handy plastic carry case , easy to bring to Granpa 's house . Durable enough to last for the next baby !
 My daughter really likes her `` big girl '' bed . The drawer underneath doesnt quite have the height that i was hoping for but works well fo sheet and other thin blankets .
 I PURCHASED FOR MY SON WHEN HE WAS ONE YEAR OLD GREAT , STURDY BED WITH BOTTOM DRAWER STORAGE I USED FOR SHEETS AND THIN BLANKETS.THIS BED IS VERY STURDY AND SAFE DUE TO THE FACT THAT IT HAS THE GUARD RAILS ON BOTH SIDES , I WILL SAY THAT IT TAKES TWO TO ASEMBLE BUT IT IS WELL WORTH IT .
 The set contains a perfect assortment of implements needed with a newborn . Even if you wind up using just one item , the price is worth it .
 I was very hopeful of having a baby that was never sick . Boy was I wrong . Thanks to Nuby , giving medicine has been really easy . There is never a fight or spills when we use the items in the medical kit . The nasal aspirator is the perfect size . I have tried so many and this one seems to work the best on our little nose .
 I was hoping to not need this medical kit for a while , as neither one of my children had been sick in almost a year , but unfortunately , they both started getting colds last night . So glad that I had the Nuby medical kit - I was able to carefully measure and give my 3-year old daughter some Ibuprofen and use the ball syringe to clear my son 's nose . While I may not use all 6 pieces , I can see how each one would be helpful in different situations .
 I have tried at least half a dozen different brands of medicine dispensers because they were cheaper than the Nuby set . I should have started with this . My son does n't even put up a fight with these ! I would recommend to any mother !
 I ca n't rate the entire package . I only own the small 15 ml medicine bottle . My son LOVES it !! Easiest way to administer medications . He will NOT take a pacifier but will suck on this little bottle until he falls asleep . I 'm actually ordering this entire kit just to get a back-up . Ca n't find the bottle sold separately !
 The blanket colors are received are absolutely adorable . I was a little nervous about not getting to pick the colors , but they are awesome . I just love them !! Also , the quality is not bad for the price - they are a little thinner -LRB- but solid -RRB- , and perfect for snuggling baby up in !
 The setup instructions were poor , but if you can change your oil , you can probably figure it out . The hardware mount was not exactly what I expected . I was expecting to drill the gate into a wall/support , however the &#34; hardware &#34; mount is simply screwing in a frisbee-shaped disc into the wall and pressure mounting against that . So far the gate is serving its purpose and working well .
 We purchased these after going through two other brands of comparable gates . They are awesome ! We got ours from a store , but I do n't remember which now . Might have also been a buy buy baby in MD. . Anyways , then have a bottom and top locking mechanism , a back swing guard to make sure they only open on one direction on stairs , as well as self closing doors , stud mounting brackets for the top of the stairs , and included plastic ramps to mount on either side of the gate to keep from kicking your toes into it . It has two size extensions included that can both be used at the same time as well . It is super tall so you do not have to bend over to unlock it , and keeps little ones from flipping over it . I can not say enough good stuff about them . We were renting a two story house with finished basement , so we wound up buying three on these , and they are worth every penny .
 We have this installed at the bottom of our staircase . It was pretty easy to install . I like that it will swing shut , really important when I 'm carrying my twins , one in each arm ! We use a loop of rope around the top of our banister to hold it open if needed -LRB- when they 're sleeping -RRB- .
 After looking around for the safest baby gate to put at the top of our stairs , we came across this gate . We decided to give this a try and it has worked perfectly . The gate came on the expected date provided to us and was very easy to install .
 We purchased this gate from a Buy , Buy Baby store in NJ and it fit our needs very well . We mounted it at the top of our stairs going down to our first floor and garage in our rental home . The sales person said that they would NOT recommend a tension mounted gate for the top of the stairs . We tried it anyway since the box said it could be used on the stairs and had to try to avoid putting large holes in the drywall since we were renting.This gate fit the need perfectly . It 's tension mount and held up really well . We had uneven surfaces on both sides with the post of handrail being wider at the bottom due to a quarter round strip and the top of the handrail post having a flat portion . The other side where the gate would sit was also uneven since we had baseboard on the lower part and plain drywall on top . However , since each of the four tension points can be individually adjusted it fit snugly despite the different widths along the one stairway opening . It does not swing shut on its own if it 's set up very tightly which worked out in our situation since my older daughter liked to be able to push her way in while I am up behind her with the baby . Though you can loosen it and it will slam shut on its own.Both she -LRB- a tall 3yr old -RRB- and the baby could not reach/easily manipulate the gate handle -LRB- have to squeeze and lift -RRB- on the 36 '' tall gate . My little one was not a big climber but did grab onto the rails and try to shake it a few times when I would go downstairs to get something without her but she never budged it loose . Easy to remove if you need to move a piece of furniture in/out of the house too b/c it 's tension mount and does n't have screw mounted hinges that bump out from the wall .
 I have had this stroller since last summer and I take it everywhere I go !! I love it . What I love the most is the way it steers -- it is so easy to push whether you 're shopping in a mall or walking on a rugged sidewalk . The other features that I love are the seat options -- facing forward or backward , option for the bassinet or carseat and I LOVE the adjustable handlebar . Sometimes I have on flats and sometimes heels , but either way the handle is always perfect . Opening and closing is simple and easy -- takes just a few second to even close . I have a minivan and my hubby drives an Acura MDX , so we 've never had a problem with space.I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 for the following reasons : -- The back wheels are extremely wide and I get caught on things constantly . It happens almost everytime I use it . There are definitely spaces and aisles it will not fit through . -- The storage space underneath is a joke . It is so so small and pretty much holds nothing . Even when I put something in it , the basket is so shallow that i 'm scared stuff will fall out of it.Those are the single two downfalls that I really have an issue with . Other than that the stroller is perfect -- and I think it pushes just as easy if not easier than the Bugaboo . It is definitely worth the money ! Enjoy !
 As a father of 5 , we have had more strollers than I can count . They were all hard to steer , ugly , plasticy , ugly , stained and ugly . The Quinny Buzz is so easy to move around . You can turn on a dime . We bought one in England and love it . It 's aluminum frame is strong and light . In addition , we love the Dreami bassinet and the Maxi-Cosi car seat that work with it . Plus it looks like a piece of modern art . It has a very cool design . We are so impressed that we are going to buy the Quinny Zapp for the airplane . Definitely would recommend this stroller to the most discerning buyer .
 As a mother of 3 , I have tried so many strollers , and all have ended up at our local children 's resale shop or garage sale . Up until now I have never found one that I could recommend to others let alone rate 5 stars.I purchased this stroller online as it is not available in many US stores , it is not the cheapest stroller available , at least not for us , so needless to say I was very anxious and hanging on every word of written reviews until I received it . I have to say I am so thrilled with my purchase!The Buzz is beautifully made and attractive -LRB- I get sooo many compliments and inquiries , `` where did you get that ???? '' The material of the seat is smooth and comfortable . My daughter is a large baby -LRB- she is 28lbs at 9 months -RRB- so this was a concern for us not being able to try her in it before buying it . She is sooo comfy now , we never knew how much we were missing with our standard graco travel system . The buzz has drastically reduced the in store fits :-RRB- . When baby gets ansy we just flip the seat around and she can see out or us . It is easy to manuever , opens automatically , and in my opinion folds more compact than our graco.I do wish it came with a cupholder -LRB- s -RRB- , but we purchased the bugaboo one and it works fine . Storage was a concern at first glance , but has not been a problem . It is actually nice because it causes you to bring the necessities and prevents overpacking the large diaper bag and later digging for things desperate to find the wipes or binki . We have been able to scale down and use a smaller bag , and life with a baby has just gotten easier . Which for any mom , is a HUGE blessing and most would say worth any amount of money . If you can treat yourself to one thing , treat yourself to the buzz .
 It is cool , and our son looks so comfortable in it . We have had couple of strollers before -LRB- including the Stokke one -RRB- and this one just works better . Relatevely heavy , but have no trouble going down the stairs on hind wheels . The canopy works very well , and really keeps my son out of the Sun . All in all , we love it !
 As a grandpa it 's a surprise when strangers walk up to tell me how cool the stroller is . Works well and looks very smart .
 We bought our Quinny whilst in England via some gift money . We felt a little guilt at first due to the cost but after our first week with a newborn any apprehension has disappeared . Quinny has primarilly been used as bassinet ... baby loves it been in and out of stores ... best part is the one touch open up ... quinny is an awesome product .
 This is super soft and light weight foam . A must have , I felt an instant difference when I used the back pillow that comes with it too . The perfect color , not an eye sore . It fits twins a lot better than my boppy which they tend to roll off . I would definitley recommend this to singlton mom 's too .
 I could n't have nursed twins that first year without it . When I passed it along to another mother of twins I was sad to let it go . Great product .
 Bought as a gift for my new baby cousin , and I was very pleased with the soft look and texture . I recommend !
 I was thrilled to share this gift with a new baby-the blanket , as expected in cashmere , was wonderfully soft . The color was beautiful as well . The blue was just a bit softer than shown on the picture . It arrived quickly and I had it monogrammed with the baby 's name . If you are looking for a gorgeous luxury baby gift , this can not be beaten .
 I really like this mobile , but maybe it could be a little cheaper , for how simple it is ... -LRB- no remote.etc -RRB-
 I really wanted one of these and my husband said we would n't need it . I found one on sale and could n't pass it up . We loved it !!! The whole system is our favorite baby item . We get so many compliments on it that it 's turned into a joke . The bassinet is a must . We used it when we traveled as a bed and I would take my little boy on long walks or to friends houses in it . My husband even loved it and now says it was one of our best baby purchases . I 'm sad we ca n't use it anymore . It was well worth it !!
 We bought this for our long-awaited third baby , a Girl ! We decided to go all out and buy Quinny Buzz System & Bassinet in Raccoon Color & we LOVE IT !!!! It is amazing , so comfy & elegant , comes with a soft Blanket , Rain Cover , Bug Net & most of all a Muffler for our December Baby ! We travel alot & are planning to take it with us everywhere , also we go to church a few times a week and it 'll be perfect for our baby girl to sleep in during services and church activities . Bassinet looks very roomy and it will probobly last for a while , since we have small babies.Can ' t wait to use it !!!
 We absolutely love the Dreami . Our baby girl is now 4 months and because she is very tall she is almost out of space . We not only used the Dreami for shopping trips or walking a couple of miles , we also used it as her bed while we were traveling and sleeping in hotels . She is very comfortable in it.You may think it is not worth the money because you only use it for a short period of time . It is totally worth it . She is our first baby and it allowed us to stay active and go everywhere because she is so comfortable and we never have to worry about her needing to nap .
 Everyone , please read the manufacturer 's recommended age ! It is 6 months to 2 years . One reviewer bought it for a 3 month old and one for a six month old who clearly was n't ready.The item itself is made well , is bright , and functions as it is supposed to . We ca n't give low ratings to an item simply because our child does n't like it.As for the safety , we should always watch our children when playing with any toy that they may lay on , put in their mouth , could possibly bury their face . Children love to interact with their environment , but we ca n't look at toys as babysitters .
 My 5 month old daughter loves the duck . She is amazed by the shapes moving in the water . It keeps her entertained . I stay right with her while she is playing with it though .
 My daughter is 5 months old and 1 week , she loves the duck , I think right now she is more concerened on trying to put the ducks feet and hands in her mouth then focused on the water toys , but she does like it . I do think you have to be careful , I can see where a baby who can not keep there head lifted , unsupervised could suffocate possibly.Its a cute toy , and I think my baby will just grow into this toy more and more .
 My baby 's familiar with rubber duckie so she likes this toy . We have used it at a summer house dock and it keeps her occupied.Verdict
 I was a little unsure about these when I purchased them . A couple of the faces look a little funny in the photos and I was concerned they 'd look unnatural in person . But when they arrived all the princesses look fine . Sometimes the faces can look distorted and alien but these ones look fine . They 're very big though . I guess if I had done the math and really thought about it I would have realized they 'd be so big but not expecting it , it was a bit of a surprise . It 's nearly 7 inches up and down -LRB- 15 feet long -RRB- so the people are a little over 4 inches tall . But it 's pretty standard border size and looks fine . It just looked different at first because I was n't expecting it . Looks great and we 're very excited about them .
 My son is 2 months and already captivated by these little bugs AND they are BPA-free , PVC-free , phthalate-free .
 My son is three months old and we got these little bugs as a gift . He loves the bee with the orange face the best . The wings make a crinkle noise and my son loves grabbing them . He also picks up the little bee and waves it around in the air to make the rattle noise . This one little bee gives him hours of entertainment . I can see that maybe these toys would be too boring for older babies , but for a three month old they are perfect .
 My daughter loves these bugs ! They are a little larger than I thought -LRB- maybe 6 '' long -RRB- , but are a good value at 3 for under ten bucks for what 's packed in them . 2 of them have crinkly wings and rattles inside ; all 3 have a little teether plastic piece and a place to attach to links . I keep one in her diaper bag and it 's a good way to distract her in a pinch .
 I gave these bees to my baby when she was 3 month old , They are light enough for her to practice lifting , plus the bright color and rattle sounds keep her interested . I also love that these are teether toys although my baby did n't use them much . But at 7-8 month old , She will have nothing to do with them .
 I purchased this for my nephew when he was 5 months old and started teething . As I write this review , he is 6 months old now . I initially purchased this item because the description says it has a `` teething '' section on the toy that helps babies who are teething.I 'm giving this item a 5-star review because not only does he like these toys , but the fact that you get 3 of them for the price . So what that means is for you finicky parents , you can just give your child one at a time and toss them away as they get dirty or what not.My nephew likes them I assume because because they crinkle , rattle , are visually stimulating , and help him teeth.Again , given the price on Amazon and the amount you get for that price , I can give this 5 stars .
 I got these as a present for a friend 's child and she loves them ! They 're very versatile and can keep babies amused for hours ! She especially likes the crinkly wings and rattle noises two of them make . Does anyone else think the one with purple antennae looks like it has a cat face ?
 When these baby bugs arrived in the mail , I was surprised by their size . For a baby , I find them to be a bit too big . They serve their purpose as teethers and crinkle toys , however ; and I 'm sure kids can grow into them . : o -RRB-
 my son has loved all of the infantino crinkle/rattle animals -LRB- we got other animal sets too -RRB- ever since he could focus his eyes . at 8 weeks he has taken a particular liking to the orange face and crinkly sound of the bee . he loves his little `` crinkle bee '' ! he is n't teething yet , but i imagine his attraction to these toys might make it easier when he is .
 My son loved these as a baby . The packaging says they are spot clean only , but I tossed them in the washing machine and the dryer with no problems . I attached them to those little link toys you can buy in bulk and clipped them on his highchair , carseat , Merry Muscles jumper -LRB- love that thing -RRB- , and pack n play . Kept him occupied for ... well , as long as you can occupy a four month old between feedings ! :--RRB- He especially loved the crinkly wings .
 This was a good buy . It makes drying bottles and pump parts easy and convenient . I would recommend this product to parents of infants .
 Love this wrack . I use it all the time for bottles . Gret product especially for a low price ! I would buy again !
 I got it for a gift for someone she love it.She said that it easy to dry the bottle with .
 Came on time , Exactly what i have expected from the product , and a realy good price , with short supply time . Thanks !
 I love this rack because you can easily access whatever you 're looking for . It holds tons of baby stuff , even baby spoons , pacifiers , and sippy cups . It does take some effort to disassemble to clean though.If you 're looking for some advice on other baby registry essentials , check out AllMomsArePerfect dot com . You 'll get the lowdown on what you really need and what you could save to buy later or avoid completely .
 Went together easily . The two layers work great . I can easily put smaller bottled on top or bottom and place lids and nipples off the poles and on the main part .
 I really like this because it has two levels and can hold a lot . All bottles , nipples , pacifiers , covers , etc. ... And its pretty sturdy . I leave it on my counter next to the sink . Very happy with it .
 It is what it is a drying rack . Perfect after washing bottles & nipples . Very convenient for moms , dad , nannies & care givers .
 My wife and I love this , saves a lot of room and its very convienent . It took me about 6 minutes to assemble and the spinning motion works great .
 This thing does exactly what u want it to . The term spinning would be a bit generous though . Spins less with more frequesnt use and more weight on the rack . Does what i bought it for . i didnt buy it because it spins fast or smooth . It dries the many bottles i put on it everyday .
 I am VERY happy with this product . It 's perfect to dry breast pump parts , AVENT bottles , nipples , and pacifiers . I have used it every day for 4 months and still look new . It has saved me kitchen counter space , and it keeps all the parts well organized.From my point of view , the little tray that comes with it is not really necessary because there is no angle that lets the water drain towards it . I put it away because it was getting dust . Not a big deal - the bottles dry pretty quick .
 I know alot of people described this as a flimsy product for glass bottles but it works perfectly for the lightweight plastic Dr. Brown bottles . It is compact , saves space , and holds not just several of the small and large bottles but also the multitude of small pieces that come with Dr. Brown bottles . It does n't exactly `` spin '' smoothly but that does n't matter to me , it 's easy to place items for drying without spinning the rack each time .
 A carosel design that is quick to set up and sanitary for all the bottle accessories . Seems to be well made . Works well with Dr. Brown 's bottles . My wife likes it , so that 's good enough for me .
 I chose this rack over the one made especially for Dr Brown 's bottles given the reviews . Overall , it works really great . The bottom vertical rods hold bottles and we stack the blue vent tubes which are part of the Dr Brown bottles and nipples on the smaller top rods . Most of the other parts we just pile up on top.The two things I would like to see different are :1 . More vertical rods on top since the tube and nipple stacking looks messy .2 . Stronger rods on the bottom as we have a couple glass Dr Browns bottles and they bend the rods a bit and I 'm always worried they may break , though they have n't so far .
 I just recently had my second child and bought another one of these drying racks . I used the last one the entire first year of my daughter 's life . We have used the Dr. Brown 's bottles for both of our kids and those bottles have SO many parts to them . This was the only drying rack I found that adequately held all the parts of the bottles . You can fit 6 bottles plus all of their parts on this rack easily . For the price , it is such a great deal !
 This product is good . It does what says ... I am glad , cheap and useful . I bought two . My mother liked too . I will use for other things too , no just baby tools .
 If you do n't have glass bottles , this product is a must-have in the house . It saves space , it is light , has enough spaces for bottles , it is GREAT!I recommend it ! It is very reasonably prices , also .
 easy assembly and good for drying bottles . serves the purpose for the cost paid . The plate underneath it to catch the dripping water is a good idea .
 This product is a must have . I must admit there were several items I received at my baby shower that I do not and will not ever use . But this item is used EVERY DAY ! And I could not live without it . My mother-in-law washes the bottles -LRB- when she is babysitting -RRB- and I always have to re-wash them when she returns them to me because she dries them on a towel and they always have water stains ! When I wash and dry the bottles , nipples , rings and pacifiers I never have one water mark on them . The way this rack is designed is perfect for bottles , nipples etc. . And I have n't had a single problem with it . The only thing I would recommend -LRB- especially since we are on well water -RRB- is to take it apart about every two - four weeks to wipe it down and disinfect it . Just my personal choice I guess . Thank you for this product . It gets an A + + + from me ! : -RRB- P.S. I am now purchasing another drying rack for my mother-in-law for when I go back to work and she is babysitting full time . : -RRB-
 ALL bottles , nipples , containers , jars , teethers , small toys fit in this . Does not take much space .
 After the nanny confused the clean and dirty dishwasher baskets of baby bottles , I bought this item . Since then , life has been a breeze on the bottle front . Clean bottles and breastpump parts go on the rack to dry and wait for the next use . No more confusion over what 's clean and what 's dirty ! It takes up very little space and was easy to assemble .
 We have a small bathroom where I need to wash up bottle and breast pump parts -- this rack fits in the corner of the bathroom counter , near the sink . Drains directly into the sink and gives us lots of room to dry everything . The two tiers give space for small parts to dry as well . It 's not a work of art , but it 's very functional . Our bathroom would be a giant mess without this to keep things all neat and organized !
 This takes up a lot of space , but works well . We had a different drying rack before and it was very flimsy . This one is nice and sturdy .
 Best one out there for space and function . I returned all the others I bought -LRB- there were 3 -RRB- . Highly recommend .
 This was a definitely needed item , and it does it 's job well . It 's not the sturdiest thing in the world , but is handy and lightweight and takes up little room on the countertop.The only questionable gimmicky thing is that `` drainer drawer '' . Although it looks like it would be useful to remove excess water , it 's completely useless . Not only is the rack not tilted , so water does n't actually go to the tray , the tray is not attached , it 's just a piece that you set down ; not attached . In actual use , not that much water is dripping off washed bottles , so it 's no big deal
 es producto esta en optimas condiciones y muy practico y seguro lo recomiendo al 100 % le recomiendo este producto a cualquier persona que tenga un bb o este esperando uno
 I have had this dryer rack for about 4 months now and use it daily . Most of the time the bottles end up stored on it on the kitchen counter . It is a little cheaply made and it wobbles when all the weight is on one side , i can see how it would n't work for glass bottles . I am giving it 4 stars because it is exactly what i needed , reasonably priced and it can store A TON of pacifiers , bottles , nipples , food jars , caps etc. . I would have liked it to be a little more sturdy , but overall works well and met my expectations .
 This drying rack does a nice job , takes up little space , it holds quite a few bottles , their parts and my pump accessories . My only complaint is that it does n't spin very easily . I usually have to hold the bottom with one hand and spin with the other .
 I got this as a gift and I never would have registered for it but now I ca n't live without it , especially since I 'm a chronic sterilizer . This keeps bottles and tiny parts separate from everything else in the kitchen ... I only wish it looked a little neater . But it works great w / plastic bottles and all the tiny parts to go with my breastpump . Great price too !
 This rack is a bit on the flimsy side . We use the Playtex drop-in system so the nursers are obviously lighter than most bottles . I also use the medela bottles and it works fine to pile the nursers , medela bottles , all the nipples , paci 's , etc. . I would n't recommend it if you have glass bottles . For the price , it 's highly functional and recommended .
 I really like it !!! It 's not too big to use a lot of space on the counter , holds my bottles very well , so I can not say that I see anything bad about it . I did n't try it with any other bottles but only with the `` First Years '' bottles !!!
 I 've had this rack since our daughter 's birth in February 2009 . We have the Dr. Brown 's bottles with all their attendant pieces -LRB- which are really annoying to wash over and over again , but that 's a different issue ! -RRB- , and have gone through the 4 oz . size and now use the 8 oz size . In both cases we have had around 8 bottles `` active '' at any one time and this rack is truly awesome in its capability to hold all the parts for that many bottles , due to its 2 tiers . If we did n't have the tube-like inserts which go inside the bottle -LRB- to de-bubble the milk/formula -RRB- , it could hold more bottles , but we use the top tier tines to hold those inserts , and it 's perfect . The bottles mostly go on the bottom rack tines , and all the other parts -LRB- caps , nipples , etc. -RRB- go in the middle . Other things like pacifiers , etc. can go there , too . Yes , the tines can come out pretty easily but in everyday use this has only happened a few times to me . And no , this is not a good rack for glass bottles . All in all , an awesome rack which appears to have much larger capacity than others , while still being -LRB- relatively -RRB- space-saving due to the 2-tier design .
 i love this thing . it works great . i also have the grass drying rack ... do not get , your stuff pops off and it does not hold nearly as much .
 Before purchasing this item I bought the Munchkin drying rack with fold down pegs and the Boon Grass drying rack . This is by far the best purchase out of the 3 . The top rack is adjustable and can move up or down and it stores so many bottles / nipples / rings with ease ! The Munchkin rack is too close together so I can only fit 4 bottles on it and the front part is pretty much useless and water gathers in there . This drying rack is tilted so all of the water drains into a handy little tray!The Boon Grass drying rack is great for small items -LRB- silverware , pacifiers , etc. . . -RRB- but does n't hold very many large items . It 's a great idea but not very practical.If you 're looking for something that 's not hideous on the counter and is efficient get the circular drying rack ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 I use Tommee Tippee bottles and they work perfectly with this drying rack . I use the top for nips , rings , and covers and the bottom for the actual bottle . I 've never had problems with the water not draining or the spokes not supporting the weight of the bottle . I have loaded this thing down with 8 bottles and all their corresponding accouterments , and it still turned easily . I would recommend this to any new mother .
 I tried quite a few bottle racks , The munchkin one was terrible , it would never stay up . THis one fits all types of bottle brands , sizes , nipples and other baby paraphanalia . It has a drip pan you can attach that is hidden under the bottom circle so that you do n't have to have it drain into the sink . It spins which makes finding things easy and it 's very easy to take apart and clean . Because it drains so well , I dont have to clean it often like some of the other ones that pooled water and mold and sludge would start to appear .
 We bought this drying rack because it held more than the others we saw . It is awesome ! It holds all our stuff , drips into the sink and is easy to clean .
 Easy construction and works great with my 4-oz glass bottles , and breast pump pieces . Keeps bottles , nipples and rings organized and nicely spaced on the counter ; it 's a great space saver . I 'm very pleased with this product .
 They literally hold so many bottles and parts that being an exclusive pumper , I can not live without this stand everyday .
 i 've had this drying rack for more than a year now . at first , it was pretty much the only available rack to buy and it got good ratings so i decided to give it a shot . i liked it at first . it 's easy to assemble , easy to clean , easy to use . there is plenty of places to hang all of your bottles and other things . i find that after using it for a while , it gets a bit flimsy . the top part of the rack keeps falling down -LRB- maybe bc i 've put too many items on top ? -RRB- . i had to tie a rubber band under it to hold it up . other than that , it 's a functional and good product . i recently purchased the `` munchkin sprout drying rack '' and i love it . not as many holders , but very pretty ... and it 's a bit cheaper .
 I ca n't comment on the suitability of this drying rack for glass bottles . My wife and I only use BPA-free plastic bottles . For those , it works wonderfully well . It 's simple to use , and dries out washed bottles in just a few hours . You can keep a steady stream of dry bottles coming off as you replace them with freshly washed ones -- there is plenty of storage for a large number of bottles , components , and nipples . My wife especially likes that the rack keeps everything organized without taking up too much room on our kitchen counter.Pros : Easy to set-upWell organizedInexpensiveLarge number of storage optionsCons : Does n't work for glass bottlesConclusions : Recommended for anyone using plastic bottles .
 I love this drying rack - it 's big enough for me to dry the pump bottles & feeding bottles , as well as pump parts . It 's sturdy and can be adjusted if I need more or less space . A must have !
 It 's a very good product and the only reason why I gave 4 starts is due to the bottom rack is not revolving -LRB- kind of stuck after 3 days , do n't know if I set it up wrong -RRB- . Otherwise , absolutely useful and serves the purpose .
 Very easy to put together and use . Holds bottles and accessories neatly and conveniently . Such a great size and shape for counter top . Easy to clean too . Holds more than you think . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I can fit Ameda purely pump parts , 5 ameda 4 oz bottles & caps \ lids , and 4 of Dr Brown 's 8oz wide neck bottles and parts plus a few pacifiers and it can still spin fine . I previously had a munchkin drying rack which I did like seemed a little more sturdy , but it jist did n't hold enough . Pleased with purchase !
 I feed my baby formula and I use this rack to let the bottles dry . This is very light and very easy to wash . If you feed your baby formula and use the bottles everyday , you MUST HAVE this rack !
 good size - compact , but holds a lot . Also very easy to take apart / reassemble between kids , and compact when stored . We are using it again for our second and it holds tons of bottles . The grating is small enough to set small pump-parts on to dry without them falling through .
 We received about 3 different types of drying racks but this one seemed to be the best . It worked well for the Avent bottle line . Fast drying and easy to use -LRB- spin -RRB- . Does n't take up too much room on the counter and you can get a lot on the rack .
 Works great , has a little tray to catch water so you do n't have to put it by the sink , so it does n't need to take up valuable counter space . both tiers turn good . light weight . has holes in tiers so everything dries well . little spokes on top big spokes on bottom . this item is made well and made to work conveniently , throw on to dry , grab and go . easy clean up in dishwasher .
 So I was shopping through target the other day and found this on the clearance rack for $ 3 !!! i mean you can not beat that !! I have one from babies r us their brand and that is a bit flimsy but holds certain amount of light weight things any who this bad buddy right here for $ 3 does wonders !! I would totally recommend to those who has breast pump supplies to dry or bottles and nipples to dry to buy . . I use microwave sanitizer bags for my breast pump however because the importance of pure breastmilk but its strong enough to hold it all if you 're washing the parts by hand . . Ive tried !! i have two pumps the dual electric playtex and the dual electric evenflo simplygo and i put all the washable parts from both pumps on there & it Still holds great !! Hope this helps !! I would look around in stores to . . you find really great deals like this one all the time . . especially at my target I love their baby clearance aisle and walmart online has good deals too but this is worth the money you choose to spend either way lol
 We use Dr. Brown 's and Medela plastic bottles . This rack is perfect for all the pieces , plus breast pump parts . We have a very small kitchen with limited counter and cabinet space . This is a great size , and two shelves mean we can dry/store more . I like being able to spin it around to the piece I need , too . Attractive pricing is a huge plus , and since it works so well we are very happy with our purchase .
 I like the round design and the fact that it spins around . I use it for both short and tall bottles . Nipples and pacifiers fit great on the top rack and rings and lids on the bottom rack .
 1 and a 1/2 yrs of using it , and still loving it . . it can hold a lot of bottles and caps . . and compact to fold and keep while moving / travelling .
 I ordered this drying rack mainly because it was cheap and I needed something urgently . It is sturdier than I expected and even though it is small , it still holds many items . I recommend it .
 Really easy to take apart and put together . You can adjust the top shelf to one of 3 heights , which is great . You can drain it directly into the sink , or use the included drip tray . The drip tray is stored on the underside of the rack , so you do n't lose it . I would recommend this product to anyone , and would even give it as a baby shower gift , it 's great .
 We 've been using this rack for 9 months now , and it 's been great ! Not too big , lots of spaces for bottles/nipples/rings . Easy to clean . I did accidentally melt the pole in the middle in the dishwasher , so we 're just using the bottom level , but even that works great . It is a little flimsy , but does the job ! I would totally buy this again .
 While this product is a little flimsy to spin dry it has great capacity . It is also very easy to store and the drip tray is a great piece . It takes up less space that other racks . I have 2 and love them !
 used this for bottles and eventually sippy cups for over year ... possibly up to 18 months before it broke . the top falls all the time now . ca n't fix this . bottom is still usuable ... easy to clean . looking for something else for the next baby .
 The dual spinning rack is very convenient . It 's very easy to put together and take apart for an occasional cleaning . This is a great baby shower gift .
 I just love , love , LOVE this product ! My countertop was piled with bottles , bottle nipples and lids and Medela breastpump accessories . After reviewing a couple of different bottle racks/holders , I chose this one because of the good reviews and the fact that there are two levels . It holds so much stuff ! If you stack well , you can fit a dozen bottles , nipples , lids , breastpump accessories , even baby feeding spoons . The top rack jiggles just a bit , but I do n't care . It has never fallen apart and I use it every day , several times a day . It has opened up so much of my counter space and I ca n't imagine living without it . My bottles and many accessories dry much faster and it is really easy to clean . All in all , this is one of the best baby purchases I have made . The price is great and the product holds up well . You really should add this to your registry or buy one as a gift . I will be giving this as a shower gift as well.Note
 I like this drying rack better than the The First Years 2-in-1 Drying Rack by Learning Curve because it can hold more items . However the only thing I would change is to make the lower level rotate and add something to hold utensils .
 This is a great drying rack , very well made . It does not take up a lot of space since it is round and has two tiers . I have a double sink in my kitchen and keep it there . I love how the bottles stay in place and do n't tip over . I plan on using it for sippy cups and feeding utensils once my baby outgrows the bottles .
 Becoming parents brought with it all sorts of new challenges , including a bunch of new items that we need on a daily basis for keeping our little bundle of joy happy . Keeping all the nursing gear well organized and reasonably well contained was important to us . This drying rack really helped a lot with that . It is sturdy and compact , and it can hold all the bottles , nipples , and other gear that we need on a daily basis . The two teared design , as well as the spinning feature , help with accessing all of the items that we need easily . We 've been really happy with this rack , and would especially recommend it for those who live in smaller apartments .
 I needed a way to better dry my son 's bottle stuff and I ordered this . I 'm pretty happy so far with the purchase - it holds a lot of things at once , things do seem to be dry , and although it is made of plastic that is a little thin it does n't seem like it will break easily.At first the spinning mechanism - which is in both the top and bottom - seemed like it would be more useful than it has been , but it still makes it easier to put things on while washing.This drying rack has a big capacity - but that also means it is a big rack . Having two tiers allows it to take up a little less room , but it still is a bit of an eye-sore on the counter of my kitchen . And it is not the type of thing you can just put away easily in my opinion . It could be worse though in terms of size and looks - and I 've had worse.The very bottom is a tray that collects the dripping water and then has a shallow but wide spout - so to put it right on the edge of the sink is great . Other trays do n't have this and you have to put a towel or something underneath . This is a major selling point.This gets the job done , holds a lot , and is made of reasonable quality given the price .
 I really really like this . It is completely useful . It makes it very easy to keep things together when washing bottles . This way you do n't have one piece here and the other piece over there and so on . It holds a ton of items and clears up a little bit of the counter space .
 Love that this spins and drains itself . Works for all types of bottles , nipples , medicine droppers , pacifiers , breast pump supplies , etc. . A great buy !
 I used this bottle rack for drying both bottles with their nipples as well as my Medela pump parts . It 's nice that the holes are small enough that even the tiny membranes from the pump do not fall through . I would always dry all my pump parts on the top of the rack and all the bottle parts on the bottom rack . It was roomy enough for everything needed for one day or so . The rack itself is also easy to take apart and clean.The only reason I 'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is that it 's a pain to STORE . It takes up very little space in the way of counter top when in use but finding a good way to store it long term has been a challenge . i ended up using multiple plastic ziplock bags around it to keep it relatively dust free while in storage but it has just never found a good way to be packed into a box or anything like that .
 I finally bought this and my baby is 13 months old !! We used a different brand for a year and the taller bottles did n't fit well . Saw this at a friends house and loved it . We use Dr Brown bottles and all the little parts fit very well within this drying rack . Glad we finally bought one .
 The drying rack is easy to assemble and use . We have been using ours daily for two months with no problems . The product is sturdy , good for the price and does n't take up a lot of countertop space . The grid/holes on the top rack are perfect for inserting the Dr. Browns bottle internal vent system pieces . I have been able to fit 8 bottles on here with breast pump parts . Perfect item to have when you are n't wanting to put all your bottles/pump pieces into the dishwasher . ** Update - it 's been a year and this thing has held up perfectly . The best part now that we are nearly over the bottle stage is it snaps apart for some long term storage : -RRB-
 This is a great drying rack for all kinds of bottles , nipples , etc. . It is very sturdy and easy to clean and gets the job done . We are very pleased with it and the price was great too .
 We ended up with two of these racks because I had so many bottles to dry . They worked better than anything else we tried and I have since given them as shower gifts . I recommend this rack .
 Easy to assemble , easy to clean . Does n't take up lots of room . We love it and could n't clean babies feeding items without it .
 I got this as a gift and I love it ! It is perfect for any kitchen with some extra space ! Great because I mix and match 4-8 oz bottles with my infant ! I recommend it !
 Excellent , it works Useful and everything as expected . Good selection if you want to get some control in your baby accessories .
 Was very easy to put together . I have all plastic bottles so I am not worried about heavy glass ones . I 'll be excited to see baby 's bottles on there after he is born
 I really like this bottle drying rack . I still use it now and my baby is 9 months old . It holds lots of items and has 2 racks . It is used now for sippy cups , valves , large bottles , and baby utensils . I like that it spins to allow you to hang things on the prongs in the back .
 Producto en excelente estado , lo recomiendo amplia mente , yo vivo en Venezuela y el producto me llego en muy buen estado
 VERY good size , color chosen . Adjustable exceed expectations . according to the proper use , recomendado al 100 % for other persons , besides excellent
 First off I will let you know that we dry Tommee Tippee bottles and Medela pump parts on this rack . It works well . Easy to assemble and much cheaper than our Boon Grass rack that we have . I really like how much fits on here and that it spends . Great product for the money .
 This dries all of my pumping parts - I have four sets and it dries them all at once without taking up much space .
 I love this product as this is a nice way to organize the bottles and nipples and other parts of the feeding system .
 This is a space saver . I 've had mie for about two years . I was happy with it since I took it out of the box . I used it for breast pump parts , bottles , nipples , caps , bottle straws , teether . . and etc. . It 's worth the money .
 I love this product ! I 'm pumping for my baby wich = lots of parts and lots of bottles that need to be dried constantly . I can basically fit 3 sets of Medela pumping parts , plus at least 6 bottles and a bunch of binkys too . I recommend this product to all parents simply becuase it holds so much and does n't take up too much space . Pumping moms will definetley appreciate it the most I think . Great product !
 This is a great drying rack ! I was using two other flat ones to hold the same amount of bottles . The rack is fairly sturdy and accomodates larger bottles with plenty of room .
 I put this drying rack on my Amazon.com baby registry when I was pregnant with my daughter , and I received it as a gift shortly before she was born . Just before I decided to write this review , I noticed one written by someone who said this drying rack is not good for glass bottles . I have been using EvenFlo classic glass bottles since my baby was born and I have not had any problems placing them on this rack to dry . The only word of caution I would offer is to balance the bottles so that all of their weight is n't on one side of the rack or the other . I would n't call it `` flimsy '' as the other reviewer did , but it is very lightweight plastic and will tip if you place enough glass bottles on a single side . The only other minor complaint I have about the rack is the difficulty I have changing the position of the top rack . The product uses little plastic notches to alternate the level of the top rack -LRB- higher or lower , depending on your need -RRB- , and I sometimes find it tough to move it back and forth . I finally decided to leave it on the highest level and found a space where I could store it that way . Other than that , I really like this drying rack . My husband and I tend to wait until we 're almost completely out of bottles before sanitizing , and they all -LRB- about 15 bottles -RRB- fit on the rack when we 're done , nipples and all .
 Have been using the drying rack for over half a year now and this drying rack is great . It holds a great amount of bottles . I use it to dry bottles , pacifiers , caps , and nibbles . It gets things drying fast and does n't fall over . Very helpful drying rack .
 it is perfect -- large enough to hold 6 + bottles and accessories , but not too large for the countertop . There is almost no water dripping left when I wash my items , so I realy dont need the drip tray . Use it to dry all breastpump items , bottles , pacies , etc. . It turns nicely . Top tray can be set on various heights . I like the extra space of two flat surfaces - great for lids , paci holders , any other items you need to wash and air-dry . Very quick and easy to set up . Worth the money 100 %
 I use this to hold several of theDr . Brown 's BPA Free Polypropylene Natural Flow Standard Neck Bottle , 4 oz - 3-Pack . I put the inserts through the holes in the top rack and everything dries very quickly . Very pleased .
 This rack has quite a few spindles that you can invert bottles to dry over . The separate levels are convenient and rotate well . There is also enough space on the levels to dry things that do n't hang off of the spindles such as nipples or pacifiers . The drainage feature is nice and functional . The whole thing disassembles easily when you want to clean it . So helpful that we bought two .
 This is the fourth drying rack I have tried and the best one by far ! I love the turning feature and how you can adjust the shelves . I also love that you can fit so much onto it . Its a great product !
 This is one of the best items I 've purchased for my little one . I use the Dr. Browns bottle which have several parts . Washing and drying them was a big hassle until I found this drying rack . It has two levels with the spindles to dry the bottles and the flat racks to dry caps , bottle rings , etc. . It does n't take up much space either , which is super . It can be set in a corner on the kitchen counter near the sink , or wherever , as it does n't take up too much space . One drawback though is that it is open and gets dusty , so needs to be dusted/cleaned every so often . Otherwise , a great drying rack .
 I do n't use a LOT of bottles , but i would need to wash a few bottles , breastmilk storage bottles , pacifiers , and breastpump parts . I would normally lay them all out on a towel and it would take up space on the counter , and the end that was down on the towel would hold moisture . I purchased the first years bottle rack because i use all other first years stuff ... bottles , etc. . I love this rack , it sits right next to my sink , holds everything i need all at once , does n't leave water all over my counter and barely takes up any space ! For the price , too , i would recommend this to anyone !
 I absolutely love this drying rack . It holds so much , but is not too bulky to sit on my counter . It does n't exactly spin around very easily , but it does n't really bother me too much . I love that I can take my bottles , nipples and tops right from the dishwasher and hang them on this rack to dry until I 'm ready to make bottles . I would definitely recommend this product especially for the price .
 I bought this drying rack mostly because of the price and we have a small kitchen and needed somewhere to be able to dry and store all of our bottles , It serves its purpose and for the price does exactly what i need it to do but it is not too sturdy and you can tell it was pretty cheap but overall i recommend it !
 Received this from my baby registry and I 'm happier with it than I thought I would be . Very functional , use to my pumping parts and plastic bottles . The top disc/shelf can be set at many different levels depending on the height of your bottles , yet fits under standard upper cabinets when on counter so it does n't cause any problems !! Very handy and I love how it drain right into the sink so I do n't have to empty a tray like some of my girlfriends do with their bottle-drying racks . Highly recommend !!
 I purchased this for my daughter and I actually got to use it while she came to stay for a week . It holds all the small bottle parts , plenty of spikes to place bottles on and the ability to spin around is great . And has a small counter footprint and easily breaks down for travel ! Why people complain about a product that does the job and is such a great price is beyond me !
 I ordered this to hold the Dr.Brown bottles , and many parts ! The drip tray is wonderful and I love the compact look on my small counters . The swivel is not as smooth when loaded , but not a big deal !
 I 'm very satisfied with this product ... I gave birth to my son 4 weeks ago ... this has helped so much in drying many of his bottles & my breast pump accessories ... Highly recommended !
 This little rack is big on smart ideas .1 . It stores flat . When not in use , just take the drying spikes off the discs , take the top disc off the center pole , remove the center pole and store on underside of base , put spikes in the drain catch basin , and voil&agrave; ! 2 . Can put drying spikes wherever you want them .3 . The top and bottom drying discs spin independantly about the center pole .
 This rack is n't quite as sturdy as hoped , but for our plastic bottles it works very well , looks nice and is definitely better than the ` towel on the counter ' setup we had previously . The bars do n't come off , as other reviews have stated , but it wobbles a bit and does n't rotate very smoothly . Other than that , though , it is a nice design and we are happy with our purchase .
 I recommend this rack simply for the price alone . It does a great job at holding lots of bottles . However , it is some what flimsy . This is my first bottle drying rack so , I really do n't have anything to compare it to . Overall it is a good buy .
 Easy to put together . Drip tray not really necessary . Bottom level does not spin like the directions claim it will . All around good drying rack .
 It 's spacious although not bulky . I liked the two different sized levels for small and large bottles . There is also space for drying the bottle nipples & caps . It was a great buy for a good price .
 This is a good drying rack . At first I thought this was an unneccessary purchase , so I did n't register for one . As soon I had pump parts , bottles , nipples , etc. lying all over paper towels on my counter top , I realized this would be a good thing to have!Positives : + Moderately priced + Does a good job of holding and drying lots of bottles and tiny pump parts + It has an adjustable heightA couple of niggly negatives : - Drip drawer is ridiculous/unnecessary and just kind of sits there loose underneath the unit - The bottom rack does n't really turn easy
 This rack holds everything ! We use it for bottles , pacifiers , medicine droppers , nasal aspirator ... . you name it . It is extremely easy to assemble and incredibly light weight . We use Dr. Brown bottles and LOVE that the blue part of the bottles can dry upright in this rack ... they fit perfectly in the gaps on the top tier . The fact that it spins is a bonus ! Keeps the counter-drenching to a minimum . Highly recommend this drying rack .
 I love this rack because you can put everything on it bottles , pacifiers , medicine droppers just about everything . Absolutely recommend it .
 This is a very good space saver ! Love the spinning feature = -RRB- Cuts bottles air drying time in half . Only bummer is no place to hold the bottle brush , but I just lay it down on bottom . Works just as good .
 This product is a must have in everybody 's kitchens . Anyone who have children will benefit from it right away . You ca n't bellieve how many things this product handles .
 I love this spinning drying rack ! I 've had it for a year and I still use it . It does its job very well ! Great buy !
 This rack works well for our Breastflow bottles and accessories , as well as the bottles and other parts of my wife 's Medela breast pump . It has a small footprint and does n't take up too much counter space , yet easily holds about 6 bottles plus all the nipples and all of our pump flanges and hose attachments . Our bottles are all plastic and lightweight , so it works fine . It is rather lightweight however , so it 's probably not great for glass or other heavier objects .
 Works great and holds so much . Love the spinning feature too . I highly recommend it for any parent . It 's not as cute as the grass one but it does the job !
 Love the spin , how much it can hold . it 's AMAZING :-RRB- It has little holes in between in which you can put your Dr. Brown blue tuby thingys , which is great !
 Bought this as a gift for my son and his wife they told me they REALLY like it . It 's sturdy helps keep the bottles etc in one place . They give this five stars!and as always delivery was fast !
 This purchase was definitely one of the best ones I made . I love this drying rack ! There is a lot of space on it and it spins . No complaints . It 's great . Buy it !
 It looks like things would be flying off of the top part , but they do n't ! It actually works great for us , because it can hold a LOT!It holds all of the parts for our AVENT bottles perfectly ! We love it . We bought another one , but it was SO cheap that the bottles were falling over!Love this drying rack !
 This drying rack works perfect for a quick wash n dry . I 'm a first time mom and I would suggest this product to anyone . The size is also perfect for the kitchen .
 I received this as a baby shower gift and it works great . There is plenty of space on it for everything I need for bottle feeding . I just wash everything and put it on the rack and keep it there until I need it again . It does get a little grungy sometimes since I have hard water , but I just take it apart and throw it in the dishwasher and it comes out clean ! I can see that it probably would n't be great for glass bottles as it is a little flimsy .
 this is a good storage product for bottles . Exactly as expected but I would have liked if it had a big cover around it -LRB- because bottles are collecting dust when not covered .
 I use Dr. Browns bottles and they have allot of pieces ... . There 's lots of nuks and crannys to put everything glad I read the reviews and chose to purchase this rack .
 I used this rack for my Avent bottles , which are very wide . I can fit 8 comfortably . Just like other reviews I had read said . Seems a bit flimsy but it definitely does the job ! I love it .
 I was n't sure I really needed this before I had my son , so I added it to my registry to see if anyone would buy it . Well , I got it and it 's been a total necessity . It holds all my bottles , breast pump parts , nipples , pacifiers , teethers , and anything else you may need to wash for baby . It 's also easy to clean and to put together and take apart . Highly recommend !
 We keep this next to the sink so that it 's near our formula and easy to make a bottle right there . Our baby is barely a month old , so we are doing so many frequent feedings that we just use it to store our bottles after they dry as well-works great . No real complaints . We use 8oz and 4oz Advent bottles and it holds them up just fine . We also store tops , pumping parts and tools from my breast pump as well as pacifiers.I can see it not being sturdy enough for glass bottles as another reviewer mentioned , but I honestly took a look at a few other drying racks in the stores and did n't see many that would . My only small complaint would be it 's little tall store in our lower cupboard when we need to , but it works pretty well for us !
 Very easy to set up . It also is very sturdy and holds a lot of stuff . I 've had no problems with it .
 the product is very functional and useful with cleaning bottles . It was obvious that it is limited with you have too many bottles or parts of bottles to put on it . We used the old Avent bottles that have four parts to it . well place is limited if you have more than six bottles .
 This piece serves it purpose but it seems like the little sticks that hold the bottles come off a lot . However , might not just be this model as many of them look the same .
 U might think u do n't need it , but once in your house , u will c how space it save , manage and organize ur bottles
 todo bien , el producto es de buena calidad y muy comodo , la marca es buena ...
 This rack is really convenient and it stores just the right amount of bottles . The assembling process was very easy -LRB- which is a plus for me -RRB- . I would recommend this item to any/all new mothers that are looking for the perfect place to store their baby bottles and nipples . Thanks !!
 After using another bottle rack for about 4 months , I bought this one hoping it would hold all of the Dr. Browns parts so they were n't spread out all over my counter , and I could n't be happier ! It easily holds 8 sets of bottles and parts and they are still easy to get to . The rack seems a little flimsy at first , but it 's not flimsy , just flexible . We have travelled with it using it in hotel rooms and family 's houses and it does a great job keeping things altogether and in their places . My neighbor has been using the rack Dr. Browns makes and likes this one better ! It 's easier to get to the parts on the bottom level . Highly recommend it , especially if you 're using Dr. BrownsProsCompactDurableEasy To CleanEasy To Use
 I am still loving this rack and my girl is 12 months . All her soppy cups now dry on this great rack ! Easy to take apart and clean , holds all products very well . Highly recommend !!
 Life saver may be an over-statement , but this thing is great . We were putting all the bottles and parts out on a towel to try after each wash but it cluttered up the whole counter . This device keeps all the parts together and allows air in for them to dry quicker . We also use it to air dry his toys when we clean them.It puts together really easily and I just throw it into the dishwasher once a month or so to keep it clean . I ca n't imagine bottle washing without it .
 This product seems well made . I got it for a friend who recently had a baby , and she already had a duplicate but said she could bring this one to her mom 's house . She seems to like this type , since she already has one - and it seems to take up minimal space but allow for lots of bottle drying .
 This is a great design . The upper deck is a fantastic way to save space on the counter , but allow for more space for rings and covers . We used ours with Evenflo 4oz glass bottles , and Medela plastic 6oz bottles . Great buy !
 In preparation for transitioning from breast full time to bottle part time , I ordered this rack ... immediately my husband was asking why I ordered it - what a waste of money - we can just set things out to dry.I havent even started bottle feeding yet , but having all of the bottles sanitized and ready to go on the rack , which is up and out of the way , really has saved our kitchen space for more appropriate uses . Such as cooking . Or cleaning pots and pans . Or preparing sandwiches . Who wouldve thought!So essentially , I have all of my bottles/nipples/pumping items perfectly hung and sitting on top of my fridge - within reach but out of sight . My husband wont verbally admit that he was wrong , but I caught him admiring it , spinning it , and putting things in his preferred spots . Therefore , he was wrong.For anyone wondering if they need it . Yes , yes you need it .
 Best purchase ever ! We waited way too long to purchase a drying rack . Lots of space , drains right into the sink .
 This one is good and sturdy unless you use a lot of force putting bottles on it which would be stupid . It is a better quality than Munchkin brand .
 This is a must have I have 2 I bought one and when I had my twis I got another cause I go through more bottles than most people but I got mine so much.cheaper at walmart and had free shiping
 This rack helped me organize all my bottles and accessories . I have Dr. brown bottles , which comes with a lot of gadgets . I can easily place all my 6 bottles on this one rack . absolutely loved it . And it 's really easy to clean . neat and convenience .
 Bought for a friend as a gift for the new born . They like it very much , did not cost much and its the little things that help ous so much
 Have been using the drying rack for over three months now for my twin boys and this drying rack is great . It holds a great deal , including glass bottles . The trick is to rotate some of the dowels . I like how some dowels are heavier duty than others and works well for all types of bottles , pacifiers , and anything else you need to dry . My husband and I also like the fact that it rotates and for the price ... it beats out a lot of the other more pricier models .
 This is a quality rack that holds a lot , fits in a small space , and rotates for easy access . I can see that it probably would n't support glass bottles , but for everything else it 's great .
 Okay , yes , this is n't the sturdiest piece of equipment we have in the house ... it 's kind of flimsy but it serves it 's purpose ! I do n't have a great need to spin it round and round -LRB- especially the top rack because you can easily reach everyting without having to spin it -RRB- . One thing I do n't really find the need for is the drip pan ... I never have enough drippage from the drying bottles to accumulate enough water to collect in the pan . But it works with all sort of bottle types and their various parts and pieces . I use plastic bottles so have n't had the issue those with glass bottles experience .
 I bought this rack after the 3 hand me down racks I received of other types frustrated me to the point I threw them all away.This rack was a welcome relief ! It has a very large capacity , which is great when you wait until everything is dirty to wash.It comes completely apart which is great for cleaning -LRB- not that it needs too much cleaning -RRB- . And compacts down very nicely for storage . Plus it swivels around for easy access to all sides.I also like that there are tall pegs and short pegs.Great little rack !
 Perfect for twins . Perfect for a single child . I use it for bottles and for all my pumping supplies . We have one for my sister when she visits with the twins . Both racks fits in a nice small space in a corner of countertop space . Do n't try to sterilize the rod that runs through the top and bottom racks unless you have a pot large enough . Hot metal and plastic do n't mix . The rod will warp . Great product .
 My husband & I bought this for our newborn and it 's been with us through all kinds of use - I breast fed our daughter from birth but my milk never came in all the way so we had to suppliment with formula and now she 's on just formula alone . The point is , we have used this rack to dry EVERYTHING from syringes and those tiny tape-on feeding tubes , to breast pump parts both electric and manual , to breast milk storage bottles to regular wide-mouth and standard size bottles and all the nipples , caps , lids , rubber sealing disks and bottoms in every size they make !!! When we first got this , it was our second choice because they quit making the one we actually wanted - ca n't even remember what brand it was now - we thought it was going to be lousy because it 's small and the bottom tier does n't spin easily , you have to hold the bottom part and just kinda slide the rack around . However , the fact that only the top tier turns easily ended up being a good thing because it makes the whole unit much more stable and we 've never had any problems accessing stuff in the back . Overall , an excellent and surprisingly practical design and as parents of a very hungry 5 month old , we give it two sets of two thumbs up !!! : -RRB-
 I like the rack a lot . It 's very useful . But the small pieces are hard to wash .
 Simple design , easy to put together , obviously easy to use . Did n't really need the water drip tray tho .
 Great for all of my breast pump parts to wash and air dry , and all bottles and accessories to air dry and store . It fits great next to my sink in my kitchen to keep everything organized and clean . And it was really easy to put together .
 Love it ! I use it for over a month and love it ! This drying rack has great drying capacity and does not take a lot of counter space . Love the spinning feature - so convenient !
 Yes , every now and then the little sticks fall , but overall I really like this drying rack . I am a breast-feeding/bottle feeding mom , so I fill this rack up evey night with the bottles I use to pump and his daycare bottles on the bottom and the top part is great for the bottle and pump parts . I use Born Free 9 oz bottles and they are heavy but hold up well.the only downfall is when you take it apart to clean , the sticks go all over the place , but they are VERY easy to put back on .
 I 've seen and used a number of drying racks with my nieces/nephews and children I babysat . This is by far my favorite . It has A LOT of room so you can get a lot of bottles and accessories on it . It takes up very little space . It is tilted so that water runs off into a little tray instead of gathering and molding on the racks . Just in general a WONDERFUL product .
 I used this rack when I had my first baby 2 years ago . I liked having a separate rack because it was easy to get to all the bottle parts . It also did not take up a lot of space . It also drains into a little dish so it did n't need to sit right next to the sink . I used it to dry 6-9 oz bottles , nipples , and parts to the Lansinoh breast pump . Once he was done with the bottles , I continued to use it to dry sippy cups . Now I have a second child on the way and will continue to use this rack.Didn ' t give it a five star because I find that some of the pegs do n't fit in tightly . So , sometime they fall off as I am placing something on or off . However , I have not had it fallen off once an item is already on there . Another thing is that you ca n't spin the bottom section with one hand or you 'll move the whole thing . You do have to keep one hand on the base . Not a big deal to me . The top moves fine.Highly recommended .
 I have been using this for almost 3 months now and it gets the job done.The plastic seems a little flimsy but holds the weight of bottles . My wife uses it to dry the 4 oz , 9oz bottles and her breast pump bottles along with other breast pump stuff.There are other expensive stuff but this is the maximum I figured , I will need .
 I 'm a first time mom , but I 'm sold on this drying rack . I 've been cleaning down hand-me-down bottles all day and used this drying rack to full capacity . I was amazed at all the bottles and nipples and bottle pieces that I could pile on the rack . Definately a good buy !
 It definitely saves time from wiping the bottles with the paper.We have n't found a defect yet .
 We 've been using this rack for over 6 months now and it 's been great . We use it to dry everything from baby bottles and mesh feeder parts to the baby 's feeding spoons , breast pump parts , and bits and pieces from our various water bottles and sippy cups . Sturdy , lots of places to hang/rest items , very compact footprint on the counter .
 Great product . Siimple to assemble , use and clean . We use it for Avent plastic bottles of all sizes and we had no problems . I would n't know how this would hold if all were bottles and hence making it heavier . But , so far , so good . Great product.Couldn ' t quite understand where the drip tray went though !! Not too intuitive .
 Great . It does n't take up a lot of space and it serves it purpose .
 I have n't tried the product yet as my baby is n't born . But it seems to be a good product with good quality . There were many parts to put it together but not too tricky.Shipping was fast too .
 This drying rack proved to be very useful without taking up too much counter space . We go through lots of bottles and caps throughout the night when we bottle feed our daughter and this rack helps keep baby 's equipment separate from our dishes as well as organized . It is a very lightweight plastic material that is n't very sturdy , but then again it is only standing on the kitchen counter holding lightweight plastic items , so it really does n't need to be any sturdier . It easily comes apart and can be cleaned - water that drips off collects on the bottom and needs to be poured out to keep the bottom clean - however , the water never comes in contact with what is put on the rack , so that is again not a huge problem . The only challenge is to find a time when the rack is empty so that it can be cleaned . It is a great product for the price , nothing fancy , just what needed .
 This drying rack is very functional for bottles and the million pieces that go with ! We use the playtex ventaires , so there are 6 pieces per bottle ... you can get A LOT of bottles on this thing ... helps to quicken the dry time so you can put them back together and start all over again ! :-RRB- It has the drain tray , but I do n't use it much ... maybe if I was hand washing ... but they are n't too wet coming out of the dishwasher ... very handy !
 The First Years White Spinning Drying Rack , is a great space saving product and is a big help when looking for a place to dry the tiny little plugs that go in the sippy cup lids .
 I love this rack . It holds a ton of stuff in relatively little counter space -LRB- which is a big deal for me -RRB- . My one objection is that mildew builds up under the spinning rack because the bottom does n't drain or dry well in our humid climate . To solve that problem , I regularly put the whole thing in the dishwasher . I rubberband the spikes together and seperate the levels and toss it in . To date I have n't had a problem doing that to it . No melting or cracking . It 's holding up well . Recommend this rack !
 We were a little incredulous of this product , as we were not sure of its utility -LRB- seemingly a gimmicky design , etc. -RRB- , nor were we all that confident of the quality . But we decided to go ahead to buy one , and are we glad ! From the very first day our baby came home we have been using and enjoying this rack with our Dr. Brown bottles . No , we would still not call it exactly a high quality product in terms of the material used , but functionally speaking , we have been pleasantly surprised by the great level of convenience that it provides when washing and drying all those bottles and related accessories.If you are not sure about this product , we can not tell you how long it will last , or that it is made to the specifications of the fine Swiss craftsmanship . But we can tell you that it does do the job , and rather well at that .
 Before this product , I was drying all my pump parts and bottles on a drying mat , flimsy and not mobile . With this rack , I can easily transfer it from the sink , to the table area , and it takes up very little room . The parts spin making it so much easier to put your parts on easier to dry , and to take them off when putting together your pump parts.The only thing i do n't like is the drip tray . you have to carry it seperately , it does not attach to where it drips from , you just put it under .
 I purchased this to help dry all the Avent bottles I wash and sterilize . I really love the size and how it 's two tiered - it saves room on the counter while still able to dry a lot of bottles . I use the Avent bottles and I think I 'm able to dry at least 12 x 4oz bottles plus extra room for a few pacifiers .
 This drying rack is good for the plastic Dr Browns bottles and all the parts that go with those bottles . It has plenty of space for numerous bottles . The two tier design holds a lot more than some of the other drying racks I 've seen . The drip tray lets you use it in anywhere on your counter without spillage or next to the sink . It is very easy to take apart and clean when you need to .
 I highly recommend this drying rack , it 's really spacious , I love it , i wanted to post a picture but I do n't know how .
 i have to pump 6 times a day as my baby will only take to bottles . So i have tons of bottles , nipples and all the breast pump accessories to wash and dry every few hours . this is exactly what I need ! It has space for all my items and does n't take up too much counter space . I really am glad I made this purchase .
 I love this drying rack . It 's so lightweight and yet sturdy so it does n't tip over . And the pieces come apart so I even take one of the racks with me when I travel because I hate having to leave bottles to dry on the counter or on a towel . Hands down one of the most convenient things I 've appreciated having since my daughter was born !
 Found this drying rack last night at Target 50 % off -LRB- paid $ 6 -RRB- and picked it up to replace a hand-me-down munchkins drying rack . REALLY like it ! We use wide mouthed Dr. Browns bottles , which have 5 pieces per bottle . Plus baby spoons and bowls , pacifiers and chew toys ... so LOTS of little & big things to wash ! Double racks with drip tray on bottom work great . Highly recommend ...
 I have been using this drying rack for close to 7 months now and I really like it . Some of the reviews I 've seen says it does n't work well for glass bottles ; we use plastic bottles , so I can not comment on that . However , it seems plenty sturdy for the bottles I use . The bottles I use are Dr. Brown 's , so there are a lot of parts that go with them , and this drying rack provides good drying space for all of my bottle parts .
 This drying rack is very good size , I use it every day to dry the bottles , pacifiers and parts from my pump . For those who wonder if you really need it or not - it 's useful and I 'm glad I got it .
 Its good just wish it was a little stronger and actually spin able as claimed on box other then that works fine . Would Buy again for a few dollars cheaper then original price .
 This works great , spins , catches water in a little dish . Thats great so it doesnt spoil or smell like soured water . The rack spins too . I have it on my counter under the overhead cabinet . Works great .
 Ca n't beat the price on this one , i am a mother of 2 and this is by far my favorite rack . It has more than enough space to fit wider bottles , which i love ! I just wish it was a little taller .
 I use the drying wrack for various things
 Only got around to getting this after the birth of our 3rd child . Not sure how we lived without it before ! Our dish drying rack now has space for dishes , what a concept ! Well worth the price , I highly recommend this contraption .
 Overall we really like this system for drying/storing bottles . While it does take up some counterspace , it is significantly less space then would be taken up if I had to lay out all the bottle pieces to dry on a towel . It also allows for airflow into the bottles and nipples so that they dry quickly and without a musty or mildewy scent . The only downside to this unit is that while it allows for the water to drain out the bottle and into bottom of the drying rack easily , the water does n't leave the drying rack well and occasionally needs some help draining or it gets yucky . Overall , a good purchase .
 I 'm a mom of 2 and had a different rack for my first child . Now that I have bottles and sippies , I needed one with a little extra space . I love this one . . it spins easily and I also like that it 's dishwasher safe to clean . I would recommend this to others !
 I was skeptical that this item would be used enough to warrant the purchase but I love it . It is nice to have a place to store and air dry all the little pieces of the bottles .
 I purchased this product elsewhere for a good price and it works great . The only downfall would be that it 's hard to get stuff that 's put in the middle spots with bottles hanging in the way . However , it holds plenty and I love how it drains directly into the sink .
 This is a drying rack I would recommend to my friend.It 's easy to clean , functional and holds lots of bottles , and easy to put together.I removed one bar from the bottom rack for easier access to the bottom tray.I 'm satisfied with this product , would recommend it to my friends .
 I needed a drying rack for all the bottles , pacifiers , spoons , etc. my baby has . It works great , fits perfectly on my kitchen counter , spins with no problem . And if you have tall bottles , they fit too!I would buy it as a gift for a friend who 's going to have a baby , with no doubt !
 I use it all the time ! Our kitchen is so much better organized because of it . I wish I had bought it earlier .
 This is exactly what I wanted . Works perfect for the first years bottles and the gust years pump parts . Great buy .
 I love the way it is desiged and the way it spins . All kinds of bottles , nipples , pacifiers , teethers fit .
 The broduct is nice and does n't take up a lot of space . The only draw back is it is not intended to be used with the galss bottles as it bends the posts . Had to stand up the glass bottles on the base instead of placing them on the poles .
 We got this based on other reviews and word of mouth from friends and family . It 's easy to use , easy to clean and store away very easily . The only draw back is that the sticks that hold your bottles up can get bent over time if you leave your bottles on me for a long period of time . We only found this to be true no the large 8 ounce bottles and not the 4 ounce bottles .
 This thing is pretty useful . I like that it allows different size levels for different size bottles . I always had a problem of losing my nipples and bottlecaps in the past and having a little platform on top fixes that .
 nice design , cute -LRB- I got white -RRB- , simple , & does what it should . Def would recommend . 4 stars because the top thing got stock & I can not remove it , LOL
 I usually use a paper towel to cover the top part , wish it had something to cover it so that the nipples , straws and the rest at the top would n't be exposed to dust . i would however recommend it .
 The shopping experience is very good , everything was great no problem with the product and the product is very good thanks .
 Before I had my baby , I did n't think that I would need this item . However , I quickly realized after two days home that a drying rack was essential . I chose this one because it works all all types of bottles and I like the spinning feature . I also appreciate the two tiers and it does n't take up too much room on the counter . I recommend this bottle rack to all new moms .
 This is generally a really good product . I have had it on my kitchen counter since my son 's first bottle . It stays very clean , allows his bottles and teething rings to dry well , and does not take up a whole lot of space . My only complaint is that it sometimes requires both hands to rotate the bottom level . Not always convenient when holding a wiggly baby , but it does exactly what it advertises for a good price . I ca n't imagine not having it .
 The rack is pretty good , easy to use and easy to install . However , after I received the product , I was not happy with the price.But , overall , a useful rack to have at home to easily keep the baby bottles
 Everything I use -- breast pump , bottles , utensils , etc. -- all fit on this drying rack . I do wish the drainage piece was a little steeper . The water pools a little at the bottom .
 This is a great product and vey much useful , especially if you are bottle feeding . The only minor issue is the parts do not latch tightly.Bottom line
 I purchased this drying rack after reading lots of reviews . I do n't use the dishwasher to clean bottles , so I really appreciate how practical this rack is . I use an electric pump and Dr. Brown 's bottles , which have lots of little parts . This rack accommodates even the smallest pieces very easily . The rack itself does n't collect standing water , so it 's also easy to keep clean . Highly recommend this product -- great value !
 This nifty rack is well designed and well thought-out , does n't take up too much counter space but provides a lot of drying surface , is dishwasher-friendly and lets you dry bottles , pump parts , etc in their own clean space . What 's not to love?UPDATE
 Our baby was strictly breastfed from birth , however , one day he decided that he wanted to drink from the bottle , and now he has practically weaned himself from nursing . Until now I did n't experience life with bottles , nipples , pump parts etc , and drying them on top of a towel on the countertop was quite a challenge , because there was never enough air to dry the bottles and parts completely . Now that we have this drying rack , I just put all bottles , nipples and pump parts in it and they all get dry very quickly . I 'm definitely recommending this product , as it takes very little counter space and it does the job very nicely . Will be giving it as a baby shower gift to all my future expecting friends !
 I got this to have a handy way of keeping the bottles out of the way while they dried . It turned out to be a perfect storage place as well . Such a simple item has helped me tremendously . -LRB- It travels well too . -RRB-
 I have 2 month old twins boys . I bought this before I had the babies thinking it would help with all the bottles that would be sitting around . I still use it everyday , but it is n't has durable as I thought although it is very convenient ! It does n't hold a lot of bottles and the top rack has a tendency to fall if you overload it . I gave it 5 stars because it is very useful when you need to have bottles , nipples , etc. . . close at hand .
 I have been using this product for about a month , and I really love it . I wash my bottles and pump parts once a day , and can fit everything on this rack . The posts are sturdy and the spinning feature is very convenient . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Very pleased with this purchase . Great functionality - fits everything , including caps and pacifiers , and looks nice . Highly recommend !
 Works well for plastic bottles , we have been using it for 6 months and are pretty happy with it . The quality does seem a little weak , that 's the reason for 4 stars , instead of 5 .
 best drying rack around ! fits on all counter tops ! i have a very small kitchen and it fits nicely in the corner next to my sink . you can either have it drain directly into the sink , or you can have it drain in the collection tray . i have used this for almost 2 years and love it so much ! i give it as a baby shower gift to other parents to be . easy to clean too !
 I think my title says it all , but I 'll try to expand on that . It takes up little counter space for the amount of baby bottles and other stuff that it holds . The fact that the rack spins around makes access to any part of the rack easy . I 'm glad we bought this !
 I have owned this drying rack for 6 months and I use it daily with 9 oz plastic Avent bottles . It is a great space saver , allows everything to dry quickly and I have never had a problem with it . It is durable for what it is meant to do . The spokes have only come off when I wanted them to for periodic cleaning and it might wobble if I put more weight on it than necessary , but I fill it to capacity with 9oz plastic Avent bottles , caps , nipples and a few pacifiers daily and it works just fine .
 This drying rack has plenty of space for all the knick knacks that need to be sterilized and dried if you have an infant at home . It 's compact because of the towering feature so does n't take up a lot of counter space .
 This is a great drying rack . Two spinning tiers provide lots of storage without taking up a lot of counter space . Fits LOTS of items at once ... i can fit all of my Medela pump parts along with 7 bottles , caps and nipples as well as small toys and pacifiers !
 Loved it a lot . Bigger than it looks in picture . So , there is lot of space for bottles , breast pump parts and if you have more kids , it can add some sippy cups too . My clutter on the counter is gone and I am no longer worried if drying bottles do not get back to the closet as they look very nice on this drying rack . I can use it directly from the rack . The tray is very useful to drain the water . I will keep using this when baby outgrows from bottle to sippy cups for water cups or simply plastic beverage glasses.The product is simply worth the money . I will highly recommend this if you like everything well organised despite your messy little one around !
 I dont want to say that I &#34; LOVE &#34; this item since I dont necessarily love having a bulky bottle drying rack on my island -LRB- I 'm a minimalist -RRB- . However , it definitely holds all of the Dr. Brown 's bottles while drying -LRB- we have about 12 -RRB- and does the trick , so that makes it a good product !
 I hesitated getting this because it was so cheap but it 's the perfect drying rack . It can fit SO much stuff including all dr brown bottle parts , spoons , even medicine syringes . I 've had it for over two years and still going strong - my first kid likes playing with it so the top rack is a bit tilted but even better that it can withstand a toddlers hands . Love that it drains and holds everything !
 works great and fits in the kitchen perfectly . only thing is that it does n't really drain , the water kinda sits there .
 We have a tiny kitchen with limited counter space , and this product has been a definite space-saver ! It also keeps our cats from messing with the bottle parts , and keeps it all elevated above the counter . The two tiers spin to make it easy to find dry parts when needed , and even has enough room for pump parts . I only wish we had found it sooner !
 I ordered this for my daughter . She is really happy with it . She says it makes drying much easier on her .
 This rack is really convenient and the assembling process was very easy . This is surprisingly a well-designed product . I have Dr. brown 's bottles , and they have many parts , I can dry them all , along with pump parts and still have room to spare for other items . I leave it on my counter next to the sink . I highly recommend this item to any new mothers that are looking for good place to store their baby bottles , especially you 're using Dr. browns .
 Lots of room to dry bottles and parts , and fits nicely right beside the sink . Easy to put together and is pretty sturdy .
 Had it over a year still holding up . Good product that is priced well . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a bottle rack .
 This is a surprisingly well-designed product . It basically does what it says , but what I really like about it is way it folds down . The top-level platform can collapse all the way down so you have a single-level drying rack . The pins that hold up the bottles all come off and fit in the drip tray which doubles as a pin storage bin that clips to the bottom of the rack . Even the center column clips underneath -LRB- though that 's a little loose -RRB- . My only quibble is that I wish the drip trap clipped into the unit when it 's in drip-tray mode .
 I use this every day . For some reason bottles , nipples , etc. do n't seem to dry sitting in the open dishwasher , but if I unload them and hang or sit them on this rack they dry better/faster . There is plenty of room to sit small items -LRB- pacifiers , nipples , etc. -RRB- on the shelf and hang bottles and sippy cups for all the dry efficiently . I actually keep all these items stored on it till used also . The angle the bottles end up hanging on this is ideal and helps aid in drying also . Great drying rack ... definitely recommend over others that seem made mostly for looks .
 pretty good product . Gets the job done . collects dust after awhile so keep it clean like any other rack . The price was well worth it .
 Holds plenty of bottles . Its sturdy and i love that it spins and is easy to clean . Great product . Its also not too big . I would definitely recommend it .
 Not all features that this product claims are done well , but it is still amazing . When there are too many things on top , the top piece falls . Also the water catcher tray is n't very efficient . Still love this product though . I like that the water is drained off the dishes and this really can hold a lot .
 I purchased this drying rack to help store the bottles after each bottle cleaning . It is very handy . In addition to the bottles , I can store bottle tops , bottle brushes and bottle lids . For me it was a great purchase .
 this drying rack works well , it holds the bottles , nipples and caps really well it stands up not like some i 've purchased in the the pass that would n't stand up the bottles kept fallin off . You 'll be glad you purchased this bottle rack .
 Easy to assemble and lots more room than our previous one so able to fit all bottles and pacifiers . Looks good and love that it spins .
 This rack seems to be very useful . It has not really been put to use yet as the baby is still unborn .
 I have no issues with this product . It is small and looks neat on the counter . I only use plastic bottles and have had no issues with it collapsing even if I load the top rack with bottles AND my breast pump.I would recommend this to others .
 It is pretty flimsy but it gets the job done well , so long as you do n't move it around much . If you do , it 'll fall apart .
 Really like this spinning bottle rack . The only two downsides for me are I wish the bottom rack was a half a centimeter higher so that when it had weight on it , it would spin better ! I also wish the drain tray was attached to the rack so it could n't move away from the drain . All in all a nice bottle rack .
 I specifically needed a drying rack for pump parts , and this is perfect . I keep the drying rack in an inconspicuous area of my office and I can fit three sets of pump parts to dry for the next day . The best part is that the tiny membranes do n't fall through the cracks .
 I 'm satisfied with this drying rack . It gets the job done . Bottles dont dry as fast on the bottom as they do on the top , The drip tray is kind of annoying , there should be a more secure way of attaching it .
 I like this as it 's very versatile and can hold all kinds of different bottles . I 'm a new mom so I 've already bought several different kinds of bottles trying to find one that wo n't give my baby nipple confusion ! So this rack has held playtex ventaire bottles , medela breast pump parts , nuk , dr browns , etc. ...
 Lots of room to hold baby supplies . Looks organized on the counter . Like better than others we saw and easy to clean .
 With all the bottles , nipples , caps and accessories every newborn parent has - you 'll find this spinning drying rack a must . It 's affordable and it does n't take up a lot of space . It 's extremely easy to put together and very convenient to use . The spinning feature is a plus - no longer do you have to pick up an entire bottle rack and turn it ... you can simply spin and drop a -LRB- very hot -RRB- newly washed bottle onto a mini pole.Mine succesfully holds all of my things . If I run out of poles , I simply place the bottles upside down in the center of the spinning rack . This , combined with a bottle brush , has made washing bottles a breeze .
 This rack is perfect for all of our baby/toddler things - from breastpump parts , all sizes of bottles , to sippy cups , 2 and 4 oz food containers , pacifiers ... basically all of those things that should n't go in the dishwasher , but have small parts that can easily be misplaced . I questioned whether we really needed a special rack for our daughter 's things , but it has come in very handy and a great way to separate her things from our other hand-washed dishes . We purchased this for our own baby over a year ago and just got another one for our new niece .
 This rack has all the space for your plastic bottles and smaller breast-pump parts . It help dry everything much faster and it is compact , ideal for smaller counter space . Yes , the holders are made out of flimsy plastic but would pose no problems to different sizes of plastic bottles . But beware that the rack is not made for glass bottles . Again , great product !
 We bought it a week ago and we really liking it . We went to the store and compared it with others and it was the best fit for us . The only negative thing that I can say it 's made entirely out of plastic so I am not sure how long will it last , but then it 's true for all other products that we saw in the store .
 We are short of space and need a clean spot to dry bottles and accessories . This is exactly what I want .
 I 'd previously spread out all the feeding accouterments all over the counter ; now everything is secured in one vertical space . It 's a simple thing , but I love this organizer .
 This bottle rack is wonderful . I wash all my bottles and nipples by hand , and it hold all of them without a problems . The rack is adjustable , but the lower settings do n't leave enough room to place the bottles below . The construction is sturdy and I love that it is vertical and saves me counter space . It spins so it is easy to place bottle , pacifiers , etc. on and off easily . My only complaint about this product is that it does not drain well into my sink , and the attatchable water collector never seems to fit right so water tends to sometimes get onto the countertop . Otherwise this product is wonderful and I would recommend it for anyone who needs to save some space .
 We started with the Munchkin drying rack , but quickly outgrew it once we got more bottles into rotation -LRB- along with pacifiers , pump equipment , etc. -RRB- . It only gets 4 stars because it does feel a bit flimsy and the trays do n't spin as nicely as I 'd hoped . That said , it does hold quite a lot of items and I would buy it again -LRB- heck , we might end up buying another , as we still have more items than will fit on this rack ! -RRB- .
 I needed a bottle rack that had tons of space for my pump parts , as well as other bits and pieces -- sippy cups , their lids , bottle nipples , etc. . This is drying rack was a great choice for us . It has more than enough space , and the rotating feature is handy.However , I ca n't give this five stars , because I think it 's just too lightweight to use glass bottles on . Any plastic bottles should be just fine on here , but I think glass ones would be too heavy . Thicker `` stems '' for the bottles to rest on would solve that problem.Overall , though , this is fairly sturdy and has held up to a year and a half of use in our house .
 I did n't think I 'd really need this , but once I went back to work , I had pump parts and milk storage bottles that had to be cleaned on a regular basis , not to mention nipples and pacifiers . I love this thing and really have no complaints about it . It holds tons of stuff and I love how it has 2 levels - I put the milk storage bottles on the bottom and everything else on the top . I do n't have any problems getting both top and bottom to spin and things do n't fall over -LRB- though I can see how glass bottles might not work well on it -RRB- . And I do agree that the drip tray is pretty pointless . I 'm using it , but I never find water in it and it just sort of sits there.In short - if something happened to this one , I 'd definitely buy it again .
 This rack holds a lot , does n't have a big footprint , and is easy to use . You can throw things onto it pretty easily . It seems a little rickety , but has has held together well . It is easy to disassemble for a thorough cleaning .
 This is a nice space saver for the kitchen counter . You can put your bottles up there after you sterilize and let them finish drying out . I 've tried different racks but I really like this one . It is plastic and the top shelf is a little wobbly if you have it at the highest height setting and do n't have a balanced load .
 I 've had this rack for over 2 years and I 'm glad I have it !! We use it EVERYDAY !!! Bought the Munckin rack recently since I have more bottles to add to the mix , new baby , and it does n't come close to this one . I use Dr. Brown bottles so they have LOTS of parts , and this one can hold everything nicely ... The 2 levels and spin features are awesome ! And it collapses down to take with us when we travel ! Strongly recommend to Mom 's who hand wash bottles , sippy cups , etc. . .
 I like it ! Despite of what most reviews said about it being flimsy once bottles are on . I actually do n't have a problem with it being flimsy and the turntable is not a problem as well . I 've only used it for a month so far and it 's holding up fine . Right now i dry 3 to 4 5oz -LRB- wide -RRB- bottles , breastmilk storage cups , handheld breast pump parts and a scrub brush on the rack . I do n't think it 's made cheaply and holds quite a bit .
 I received this drying rack as a baby shower gift . I was concerned that the pegs would pop out and not hold the bottles up . I am pleased to say that this is defintely not the case . We use glass bottles and it holds them up great . I have n't had any of the pegs fall out or bend . I use the rack to dry all of our baby gear , pacifiers , glass bottles , toys , mesh feeders , etc. . It works great ! The only negative thing I can say is , I do n't have a ton of counterspace and it does take up some valuable real estate however it is worth it . I suggest this product .
 Love this - got it as a baby shower gift and use it everyday . We do n't have a dishwasher and do n't want to put baby stuff with regular dishes . -LRB- Want to find it fast -RRB- . All the little spokes make drying and finding what you need fast .
 This drying rack is great ! It holds bottles , bottle parts , nipples , and breast pumping parts quite well . The items dry much quicker on this rack than a traditional dish rack . One thing to note , pick up the rack by the bottom ; do n't pick it up by the top or it will separate as you are carrying it . I did this ...
 I love putting my pumping parts in this rack -LRB- along with bottles and nipples -RRB- . Also nice after using the steaming bag and putting them on the rack to dry . The turning is a nice feature to access space . I usually shake of stuff before putting it in so I do n't really ever see water in the drip tray , I think it dries before even getting that far . Mine , though , is little crocked no matter how I put the center rod , no biggie though .
 This drying rack can store a decent amount of stuff , but the bottom layer does n't ` spin ' the way you 'd expect it to . The top layer spins just fine .
 A real space saver , this product is worth the $ $ if you are washing baby bottles . I would not have any counter space at all if I did not have this !
 I recently interviewed my beautiful baby girl 's bottles , nipples , and binkies . They all jumped for joy for the smooth centrifugal ride they get on this Spinning Drying Rack.And while nobody puts baby in a corner -- we put this drying rack in the corner by the sink and it 's a perfect fit -- convenient and out of the way .
 This drying rack can hold a lot ! And the fact that it spins is pretty handy ! I did n't have all the long pegs & contacted customer service who was very quick to send me replacement ones -
 This drying rack works well ... the bottom spinner doesnt spin as well as the top though as it rubs against the trip tray but not a big deal . Holds a lot of bottles and accessories . Water drips off the side as the drip tray bottom doesnt extend out any further than the spinner ... since most bottles hang over , it is best to keep a town under the rack to catch drips . Overall , nice product and price .
 Purchased this recently and it 's a great product : helps with keeping bottles and other small items organizedgreat drying racksaves timeHighly recommend this for newborn - 1 yr stage especially .
 Bought product to save room on counter ... which it did . I expected it to be slightly smaller though . I bought the white one but now I wish I had purchased the black . I use the rack to dry my pump parts and the white valves which are pretty small and white tend to disappear on the rack ... just a note for anyone buying it in the future . Black would make it easier to see small parts like my valves . It would also ve nice if it turned more smoothly but for the price it 's a good product .
 Great drying rack ! Does n't take up too much precious counter space and holds both bottles and miscellaneous items -LRB- pacifiers , pumping parts , nipples , etc -RRB- .
 Surprisingly enough , it was my SO that purchased this drying rack . This relieved me of the headache of worrying where to put the baby bottles , breast pump accessories , etc. . The loose drip drain is a bit of a pain , if you do n't position it just or nudge while moving around the water will drip down on the counter . A good idea , but would be better if they had designed it to slide in or attach some other way . I can fit my 9 oz . avent bottles on the bottom rack , and all the seals , nipples , covers , and breast pump parts on the top rack or in between on the bottom . It is a little on the wobbly side , but it was designed to fit the modern plastic bottles , not the glass bottles from before like another reviewer mentioned . For only $ 10 it does it 's job quite well so I 'm not complaining !
 works perfectly . dries quickly and like how it drains into the sink . has room for tons of bottles , tops etc. . .
 Excelente ! los recomiendo 100 % , el env&iacute;o fue r&aacute;pido , el articulo llego tal cual fue descrito en las caracter&iacute;sticas del producto . . Compra realizada desde Venezuela !!
 This has been such a good item for air drying his bottles , pacifiers and pumping items . We fill this up every single day , but for our compact kitchen , it does n't take up a ton of space and holds a lot . I 'd recommend it for small spaces .
 I really like this drying rack - you can really fit a lot of bottle/pump parts on it if you know what you 're doing . Things dry very quickly , even in the bottom middle part . The long white things that stick up for drying bottles ARE flimsy , so I can see how they would not work for glass bottles , but they are just fine for plastic ! Minimal footprint on your counter , and a great price .
 I love this drying rack ! It works great with all of my bottles and pump parts . It also saves space and the bottles dry fast .
 I recommend this product to all of people that find beautiful things for your babies , it 's excelent !! I love it
 I use this of course on a daily bases it is very easy to store out of the way to get off the counter
 In my case fits what I need , well dried bottles and does not occupy much space in your kitchen thats is so important
 I bought about 5 of these this yr so I would have something on hand for Baby showers I have/will attend . They are not carried in any of the stores where I am so the Soon-toBe Moms love it & knows that I took the time out to get them someone that they will definitely use for their babies .
 very good product I recommend it to everyone I came perfectly and has no sign of damage apart is very good product !
 This drying rack is wonderful . The size of it allows for a lot of items to be drying at the same time . We have several Dr. Brown 's bottles , and they have many parts , and we can dry them all , along with out pumping supplies and still have room to spare for pacifiers and other miscellaneous items . There is n't much you can say about a drying rack , but we really love this one .
 nice items to have use it everyday i love it . it 's very handy when u have a baby . i love it hope to buy from u again
 a friend recommended this to me and i am so glad that i listened . Great product . holds a lot of stuff , but only takes a little space . i also bought one for my sister-in-law , sure she will love it too .
 Wonderful product . Saves so much space , easy to put together and clean . Needed it months ago . It fits nicely on our bathroom counter and has great airflow .
 This rack holds so much for air drying . The spindles can be filled with multiple items each if you layer right . So much better , and for some reason more effective , than putting items on a towel to air dry .
 This worked well to hold all the pieces of dr browns bottles and breast pump pieces . I 'm sure a more expensive product might work better but this did the job and I have no complaints other than it does n't look very nice on the counter .
 I bought this thinking I might use it on occasion . I use this every day multiple times . I love the convenience and the size . I does n't take up my counter space and It is easy to assemble .
 It is very good to use and takes us little counter space . Good for people who do not have a lot of space to spare in their kitchen . And the spinning helps to look and store quickly .
 Good product - I can comfortably put 6 4oz Phillips Avent bottles , 2 Dr. Brown 's 4oz bottles , and accompanying caps , nipples , and other parts , along with my Medela pump accessories on the rack . It is light-weight and convenient to store . The spinning feature is very desirable and handy .
 We have the prince lionheart rack as well which we love but we have so many bottles that we needed another . I decided on this one . Its great for different reasons . Its great for nipples up top and pump parts and bottles below . Only thing we would change is that it does n't spin easily . Still worth it .
 I can seriously stack up TONS of random stuff on this thing . It is completely made of plastic , but so sturdy and well designed . I was a little concerned at first that I would n't have enough counterspace for this , because it is kind of big , but it fits perfectly beside my sink , and the spout for the drain-off at the bottom goes right into my sink . Other than bottles , I dry tupperware pieces , and so many other small thing on this . I plan on using this after my son is n't using bottles anymore just for my other stuff . It even holds glass bottles with not even a hint that it is going to tip over . DO NOT waste your money on another drying rack first like I did . The price of this one is so worth it . Get this one . It makes the menagerie of bottle parts that you are going to be juggling around for the next year of your baby 's life LOOK ORGANIZED and like you got this all under control ! ; -RSB-
 I had this when my daughter was younger . This was perfect for her Dr. Brown 's bottle . The Dr. Brown 's bottle have more parts then other bottles and some of the internal parts are awkwardly shaped . Unfortunately , these were the only bottles she would take . This bottle rack had room for everything ! If I end up having more children , this will be one of the first things I buy .
 This is the best bottle drying rack I have ever used by far . Simply awesome . I love how both the top and bottom racks spin for easy access . I also love how the top rack is adjustable to fit any size bottle .
 I love this bottle rack . It saves room and still has enough room for all the bottles & pump parts . It spins which is very nice & it is very sturdy . Highly recommend .
 I Love this one . it is easy to clean and does n't have all the unreachable nooks and corners that filmy gunk can build up in . I like that it 's taller than wide so saves me some counter space . I feel like with all the air moving around my babies bottles and cups and all the little parts are more sanitary . I do wish the drip tin was attached under the spout instead of just setting there but the pros far outweigh that little annoyance .
 Awesome item . It keeps all of my baby 's bottles and other items organized after I was them . It does n't take up to much space either .
 We have gone through several inexpensive drying racks within a few months and none of them were worth the counter space they took up . After buying this drying rack we were impressed enough for me to write this review . It 's not rocket science but someone used their brain when designing this rack . The top rack is adjustable in height , when completely full the top and bottom rack spin easily without moving the base , the drip tray attaches to the back underside of the base for storage , even the grid pattern on the bottom of the drying racks is aesthetically pleasing . Most important it holds a lot of stuff easily accessible in a small space .
 I had been drying all of baby 's things on paper towels for space . Then I bought this rack . It does n't take up too much space and is so efficient and easy to set up .
 Love it ! Keeps my kitchen organized and baby stuff away from our stuff ! Easy to clean and keeps lots of things !
 It 's a decent bottle drying rack , but be careful when placing glass bottles on the little beams . I have the classic Evenflo bottles -LRB- 8oz size -RRB- that I use only for warming milk . When I went to place one on this rack , it almost toppled over -LRB- having nothing else on it originally -RRB- . After consistent use of placing glass bottles on this rack , I can see the little beams wearing out quickly and needing to replace the rack . There 's also no leverage to tilt the rack for draining water . I 've had to place the included tray -LRB- shown on product image above -RRB- to prop up the rack just enough that it 'll drain directly into the sink . I do n't regret buying this rack , because I also purchased an OXO silicone drying mat to help with the work load . Between all the anti-colic bottle pieces -LRB- aside from the glass bottles -RRB- and breast pump pieces I 'll be routinely cleaning , both items are a must have .
 This is a great drying rack ! It holds a ton of stuff ! We use Dr. Brown and Medela bottles and they all fit !
 ordered on Sun and received on Mon , super fast!item easy to install , good qualitywould recommend to my friendsthanks !
 The height of the second row/shelf is adjustable , which is nice -LRB- although adjusting the level once it 's set can be difficult -RRB- . As other reviews have mentioned , it feels a bit flimsy , but I 've had no problems with it being completely full of plastic bottles and parts . The only negative -LRB- which is n't really a negative -RRB- is that I wish it had a third row to hold more items . I definitely recommend this product for anyone with limited counter space .
 Works great , nice sturdy design and the height of the top level is adjustable to accomodate taller bottles or save on space depending on your needs . Fits all of my breast pump parts and bottles perfectly .
 Seriously . What would I do without this drying rack ? It 's fantastic ! I received it as a gift at my baby shower , but love how reasonably priced it is . Great value for such a great product . It has ample amount of holding space on the top -LRB- perfect for nipples , pacifiers , etc. -RRB- , as well as the bottom ... perfect for small and large bottles alike . I love the little `` spout '' that aligns perfectly with the sink for easy drainage ... no mess on my counters ! Love this !
 I am so glad I ended up buying this . great product for a great price . i usually just put my bottles on a towel to dry but this makes it look so much neater and they are all in one place . i absolutely love it . it holds a lot more than you would think . i have 2-4 oz and 3-8 oz Dr. Brown 's and 6-8 oz Tommee Tippee bottles and it holds all of them with all their parts perfectly . I 'm not sure if it would hold much more than this , but I do n't need it to .
 I 've tried several drying racks with my first child , and hated almost all of them . I found this one at the consignment store while pregnant with our second baby , and decided to give it a try after reading so many good reviews . I 'm glad I did . This drying rack is the best out there.It does n't take much room , and it can hold a LOT . I usually dry my son 's sippy cups on the bottom level , and my baby 's bottles on the top level . The lids and nipples fit nicely on the `` shelves '' .
 My husband and I looked at lots of different drying racks before purchasing this product . The product is constructed well and keeps all those little parts to bottles and breast pumps clean . Some of the advantages of this rack are
 Great drying rack for my bottles , nipples , covers , breastpump parts , and anything else that can hold . Easy to put up ; easy to pull down . All that 's missing is a cover -LRB- hence -1 star -RRB- .
 This is really great , it holds 12 bottles I only have 10 so I also use it to dry my formula dispenser or putting the lids on them if I have used them . This is great . It is small enough to fit on my counter and keeps all my bottles together . We have rings on our bottles that go between bottle and nipple I stack those and put them in the middle .
 I bought this because it was cheap . And I must say I 'm glad I did n't spend extra money on anything else . I use Dr. Browns bottles , and this fit with that feeding system pefectly . I use it daily and its help up very well.The holders are a little flimsey , which is n't an issue for plastic bottles , but maybe for glass bottles .
 I gave it 4 stars b/c it 's a little flimsy , but sturdy enough hold plastic bottles and such . The rotating feature is key too .
 i borught this rack before my twins were born well they are 8 months old and the rack is still holding strong . it is lightweight , folds easily -LRB- i store it in a regular plastic shopping bag -RRB- and the little pegs dont get lost because they store in the drip tray and snap onto the bottom of rack . i strongly recommend this to everyone who is low on space but want a sturdy rack that holds alot -LRB- i use nuk bottles which are wider than reg bottles -RRB-
 I like how the drip tray goes directly into the sink . My previous rack was n't like this and this one provides a great deal of space .
 this is an excellent drying rack . i like it alott , and i bought two ! the top is a little harder to spin than the bottom one , but it works great !! i recommend it for whoever have a babyy or expecting one .
 Ive tried other bottle racks and i always come back to this one . I love it because it also works well with all my tiny breast pump parts .
 Although we wash bottles , nipples , etc. in the dishwasher , they never dry completely , so I need to put them in a drying rack afterward . I did n't want to throw them in our regular dish drainer because they 're hard to access and take up too much space . This drying rack has a minimal footprint but most importantly comes with a drip tray so you can use it either in the middle of a counter -LRB- like us -RRB- , or draining directly into the sink .
 Yes , it is a good size , but great for those moms who need extra space for breastpump parts and bottles . We have the Skip Hop drying rack also , but prefer this drying rack hands down!The different size levels are great for keeping the 4 and 8 oz . bottles seperated . The drying middles are wonderful for pump pieces , nipples , and sealing caps.Highly recommend this Drying Rack .
 Some of the one-star reviewers said this product does n't work well with glass bottles , but I do n't agree . I 've been using mine for four months now and it works just fine . I do have to hang my glass bottles opposite of each other so the stand does n't tip over from the weight , but that is easy to do ! This product is well worth the price , and if you are like me and watching every dollar these days , do n't spend more money than you need to . I definitely recommend this product .
 I love this drying rack ! I use it every single day and have no idea what I 'd do without it -LRB- or something similar -RRB- . Our kitchen is on the small side , and we do n't have much counter space . This lets me dry many bottles , nipples , pacifiers , mesh feeders , pump parts , etc , all in one small space . Even after things are dry , I often leave them on the rack until I need them -LRB- which lets me save on drawer/cabinet space , as well -RRB- .
 Tired of laying out all your bottle parts on a towel ? Dishwasher not drying all your bottle parts ? Then you need to buy this item or one like it . I pile tons of parts on the two platforms and hang bottles on the top and bottom spears . It does n't take up much space and is just the handiest thing I 've owned in a long time.If you bottle-feed your baby , then this is a must-have .
 Like many reviews say , this rack is good for holding plastic bottles , covers , nipples , etc. , but not glass bottles -- which I dont mind , since I dont use glass bottles anyway for my baby .
 I use plastic bottles for my little daughter . I use Palmolive Ultra Baby Bottles , Toy and Dish Wash Liquid to clean bottles , nipples and other baby parts . I bought this drying rack for the purpose of drying the cleaned bottles . I did a small research online and this product seemed to have the most favorable reviews . I trusted the reviews and bought this product.The assembly is very easy . Just took a couple of minutes . The product design is great and the stability is pretty good -LRB- at least for plastic bottles -RRB- . A must have product . I will recommend this product to my friends.I also use Munchkin Microwave sterilizer to sterilize baby bottles , nipples and other items every time .
 Great place to dry bottle parts and breastpumping parts . Does n't take up too much space and there are two sections to separate the parts as well . Overall good buy .
 We love this bottle drying rack ! this is the fourth one we have tried and its the best ! It works great and you can stack on tons of things to dry on it . We love that we can turn it around and love the space on it . Its a great size and works great even in small spaces .
 At first we thought a drying rack would be a waste of money -- we have a dish drain rack . Then we started to use the bottles and quickly realized they left no room for dishes and the small parts fell through . So we bought this rack . Perfect solution for our Dr. Brown 's bottles with all of their parts . It spins around so we do n't have to reach over and through to place or retrieve anything . We do pull the rack apart every couple of weeks to wash it down with a sponge . Very sturdy and the right size for the up to nine bottles we wash at one time . Highly recommend this rack for the ease of use , quality , and price .
 We go through a ton of bottles a day with the twins . We use glass and plastic doc brown bottles . Because it 's shape is round you have to balance the glass bottles evenly on each side . The top is perfect for all the parts to the doc brown bottles . We 've been using this for almost 4 months -LRB- so yes , we are in the big glass bottles -RRB- and it 's still holding up great . We originally had some flimsy rack my husband picked up one night on the way home which was horrible . Love the way the water drains off so your bottles are n't sitting in water and ick . Definitely a fan of this !
 The Bedtime Champ Snoopy Wall Hanging was a baby shower gift for my new grandson . It looks great in his nursery !
 this decoration is wonderful when I received my 7 years old daughter loved it also my baby its doesnt take care too much place but nice
 Product was as described , went with the crib set and rest of the items great ! Great wood quality and very cute decor!The football was made to hang awkward but still very cute either way .
 Love these wall hangings - the picture makes it look like a brown or burnt orange color , but it 's actually a deep red , which works perfectly in my son 's room ! Better than I expected !
 I LOVE this diaper bag . I wanted a bag that did n't look like a diaper bag but still had all the storage i needed . It has that and more!Plus , the price was unbeatable .
 My grandchildren -LRB- ages 3 1/2 and 1 1/2 -RRB- love to look at photos of family and friends . I had previously purchased the Elmo version of this album for the older child and now needed another for the younger sibling . It was well received and both girls are happy . It is soft and fun .
 These sippy cuos are of a few that actually are No-Spill . The only thing is that you have to make sure that the no-spill valve is secure in the lid , because if that comes out then they do leak . I 've had a bunch of these cups -LRB- Dora , Spongebob , Diego , Backyardigans -RRB- and they all have worn very well , the non-spill valves still stay in the lid and the designs are still in good condition . They are also insulated and definitely do keep their drinks either warm or cold longer than a normal cup .
 This cup is for a child that is already use to a sippy cup . It has a small lip . So if you are just introducing a sippy cup to your child , this is not the cup for them . My older grandson loves it . The name of the cup is the '' BIG KID SIPPY CUP '' & you have to keep that in mind . They literally mean for an older child .
 I 'm not sure about the claim that these sippy cups will help transition your child to drinking out of a regular glass but these are great regardless ! My daughter has 2 Dora cups and they do n't leak or have 5 different pieces . They 're great for traveling b/c you do n't have to worry about it leaking all over your diaper bag !
 I was disappointed , however , not to get the cups shown . My daughte really likes Diego and Alicia , and I was hoping for these , but I received two cups with Diego surfing instead . Other than that though , these are wonderful cups . They do n't leak , as some have complained ; perhaps they did n't connect it right or had faulty parts ? I 'm not sure , but I 've had no problems whatsoever with the cups . This is her second set and she just loves them !
 I 'm not going to lie , these do occasionally leak , mostly when overfilled or when the top is n't properly screwed on , but that said they are still great cups , and one of the only affordable and BPA Free sippy cup options I have found . BPA Free is much more important to me than a few leaks , and I would totally recommend this to anyone .
 This is a great sippy cup - I think the `` no drip '' mechanism works great . We 've had this cup for months and it has been well used and been through the dishwasher many times with no problem . The only downside is that it is heavier than some sippy cups that are the same size , which makes it less convenient to carry around and is harder for a small child to hold . Better for older toddlers .
 We have used cups like these for our 3 kids over the last few years . They are sturdy while the leak guard only occasionally comes off -LRB- not a big deal -RRB- . They have fallen several times onto the floor and have never cracked .
 My son has been using this cup for 2 years with no issues . The only time it leaks is if you overfill it or do n't screw the top on correctly . The only downfall is that the image wears off of the cup too quickly from handling , washing and general kid bashing . Its a great cup though .
 I purchased these cups when my son was 2 years old , Diego is his favorite character.The art work has outlasted the dishwasher for almost a yearMy son has chewed the lid but it still works greatI would highly recommend these cups for any toddler
 I LOVE these sippy cups , my son is extremely picky when it comes to sippy cups , if does n't like it , he chucks the thing across the room . He took to these with no problems , needless to say how relieved I was !!!
 I 'm not sure what ` sensitive skin ' means but the fact is , some many years ago I developed allergic reactions to , among other things , fragrances . The more synthetic whatever it is that touches my skin , the more uncomfortably it feels . The first that had to go were , naturally , all of them perfumed or deodorant soaps . I had to settle for all-natural and fragrance-free . Johnson 's Bar fully fits the bill as my skin does not seem to notice or mind its subtle , discrete fragrance . I am normally using ` Pure & Natural ' but whenever I happen to be on the road I take a couple of Johnson 's Bars with me because it 's harder and my impression is that it holds better together . The other advantage is that , when we travel as a family , we do n't have to bring several kinds of soaps - and , unlike the Pure & Natural , Johnson 's Bar seems to be accepted by everyone.I like this bar because , besides being relatively inexpensive , it is well tolerated by my fragrances-intolerant skin and it 's tolerated by the rest of my family as well .
 My only criticism of this product is that it 's hard to find . Other than that , I love the scent , and the foam encourages hand washing . I 've had bottles for months and whenever I open a new one they still foam up . Would recommend it to everyone with children .
 Before my daughter was born , I was having trouble finding a diaper bag that I liked . So many of the ones in retail stores are cheesy and either look cheap or just scream `` baby bag ! '' I had a great idea - I would buy an oversized purse and use that instead ! Unfortunately , I underestimated the sheer amount of stuff you have to carry around when you 're out and about with a newborn or an infant ! We were using cloth diapers and found that they were taking up a lot of room in the first bag I was using . I needed something bigger , but I wanted something stylish . I scoured the internet , read many reviews , and settled on the Ultimate Diaper Bag by Posh Baby . I have been extremely happy with this product ! I 've been using it for almost a year and it still looks brand new . My daughter is older now so I do n't carry around as much stuff anymore , but the bag is still great . It was a lifesaver on a recent plane trip - I was able to fit diapers , a change of clothes , snacks , and plenty of books and toys to amuse my daughter on the 2.5 hour flight . This bag is BIG and the flexible sides help me cram in a lot of stuff when I need to . The long strap made it easy to carry through the airport , even as I also carried a convertible carseat and wore my daughter in a baby carrier . I consider the Posh Baby Ultimate Diaper Bag an investment . It was money well spent !
 This is a perfect brush for cleaning my French Press glass cylinder . The brush cleans the sides of the glass while the small sponges on the ends of the brush clean the bottom of the glass . Great price too .
 PERFECT IN EVERY WAY ! I 've had mine for over a year , and the quality remains ... what more can you ask for ?
 I did purchase this for my daughter that had it on her baby registry . It was what she wanted but the postage made the item rediculously expensive .
 This product lasted me about six months . I am a little rough with things . With that said , I think I got my money 's worth ! I purchased another one today . It is Made in USA so that comforts my family . And it is easy to use and it does a GREAT job in cleaning the bottles * and * all the associated parts ! I highly recommend this .
 This has been my favorite brush with all my kids . And now that the brush is new and improved I love it even more . I do like the stand , helps keep the sponge dry and not smelly .
 This is an awesome bottle brush . We have tried many different kinds and this is by far the best ! Gets the bottle clean every time . Bottom line is that my husband will use this brush and ONLY this brush to wash bottles . If he ca n't find this one they do n't get washed !!!
 i like the sponge on top w brissles below & the nipple cleaner on the other end is great . REALLY like the stand-up aspect .
 This brush is very durable and I will never waste money on a different one . The stand does n't suction so well but it still stands upright regardless . Love this !!
 Brushes the bottles ! The foam top is a little weak though . Only lasts a month or so of daily , multiple use . They are cheap though , so not bad
 Best bottle brush around , sticks to counter or sink , gets the nooks and crannies of the bottle/bottle parts and the best part is the nipple brush that is included in the base .
 We have tried a lot of different bottle brushes and most do n't fit into the medela pumping bottles or into smaller pump and bottle piece . This brush is able to fit into everything and does a great job cleaning . Yes - it 's like a sponge so it does need to be replaced every so often but I think that is expected . I have ordered several of these and will continue to so so . Love to Dr. Brown 's brand .
 I am satisfied with this purchase good price and very handy , good choice next time will do again so .
 Makes cleaning bottles easy . Only downfall is this does not fit into the nipple of the bottle making that another feat to tackle .
 I 've tried many bottle brushes , this one is the only one that keep the sponge together . Works great for the &#34; Wide Neck Bottles &#34; , you can use it on the standard bottles as well but the sponge wo n't last as long .
 Although I have opted to stop using this one , the Munchkin one is just like it and is about 1/3 of the price . But , this bottle brush is great very durable and last a long time . Would highly recommend .
 TODO MUY BIEN EL PRODUCTO FUE RECIBIDO SEGUN LO ESPERADO , MUCHAS GRACIAS POR EL SERVICIO PRESTADO , SALUDOS , ATENTAMENTE ZENAIDA ADIOS
 This goes into any and all bottles . If my wife uses only this brand and type , then something must be effective about it . Plus , she 's from a country and this product 's rumors made it all the way across the globe .
 I 've tried a few other bottle brushes that were less money . This is by far the best . The softer top portion is able to clean the nipple as well as the base of the bottle . Other brands are too hard on top and do n't get into the little nooks of the bottle .
 Does the job , great for getting in the bottles.I would prefer without the sponge on top -LRB- because germs just collect -RRB- but have n't been blue to find one with just the bristles .
 My wife and I have been using this brush for the last couple years and have no problems with the brush , but we usually throw them away after about 3 months of use . What I did notice is that in 2011 they revised the design so that there is plastic going up the shaft almost all the way up to the bristles so that it no longer bends or snaps where the handle meets the wire . Since they revised it , it works even better than before .
 I have been asked MANY TIMES what bottle brush I use . I have been through several and found one that has NEVER disappointed me . It 's Dr. Browns Bottle Brush.This bottle brush has so many good features , where do I begin ? Lots of bottle brushes have the sponge at the top , but since the top of the sponge in those bottles is flat , they do not reach the bottom of the bottle because of the metal that the sponge is stuck through . But Dr. Brown 's sponge is slightly offset at the top , guaranteeing to get the bottom of the bottle.Another great thing about this bottle brush is that the handle takes some effort to bend . Unlike , many of the other handles I have seen , this one does not flex as much when it is used vigorously.Many other bottle brushes come with a separate nipple brush , but I just stick the sponge at the top of this one into the nipple , give it a twist , and I am good to go as far as cleanliness goes .
 We went for the cheaper brushes -LRB- not really much cheaper -RRB- and paid dearly for it . We have had to replace three now just because of heavy use . This brush has outlasted all three previous brushes , cleans better and reaches smaller crevices that the others did not reach . It 's such a good brush we bought three of these -LRB- home , work and travel -RRB- .
 this is a great bottle brush and I love that the end cleans nipples -LRB- a HUGE lifesaver when you are bottle feeding breast milk -RRB- . I have to replace this brush once every two months because the sponge does seem to break down/discolor over time . But for the price , I do n't really mind .
 We tried several different bottle systems with our newborn twins , as well as numerous different bottle brushes . We finally settled on the Playtex Vent-aire bottles and the Dr. Brown 's bottle brush has done an excellent job of cleaning these bottles , as well as all the other bottle systems that we tried . For most bottle systems , the other brushes were a bit too wide and I did n't like getting sprayed with the bristles when pushing the brush in and out of the opening of the bottle . The Dr. Brown brush has a sponge on the end which makes it easier for the brush to get in and out of bottles without getting sprayed in the face by the bristles . I also like the pointed tip in the handle that cleans inside nipples -- there are few other bottle brushes with this feature -LRB- if any -RRB- . So far , we 've used this brush MANY times a day -LRB- two babies , eight feedings a day per baby -RRB- for a month and the brush has not had any problems . The sponge looks like it might wear out in another two weeks or so , and that 's why I 'm ordering a replacement today .
 I bought this because it was hard fully cleaning Dr. Browns bottles compared to the Soothies I switched from . When metal is exposed to water , of course , expect it to rust , its what naturally happens . If you have Dr. Browns bottles , this works wonderfully . I think there are generic versions at walmart , target , and kmart . If you dont want to spend X amount for when it breaks , buy a less costly version .
 I see where people had a lot of issues and I barely purchased one because of them but I actually Love the brush . Mine has not torn up at all , I like the sponge tip for the bottom of the bottle floor . Especially for breastmilk which has a lot of fat ... If you get a brush with a prickly brush head and not a sponge ... then it misses areas on the bottom of the bottle floor . It will stay greasy no matter what liquid you use . . By the way , Palmolive Baby works magic and leaves the bottles squeaky clean.For hygiene purposes I switch my brush out monthly as I wash several bottles daily ... I also `` after '' it dries out , I use a zip lock bag on the tip of it to keep it sterile.Palmolive Ultra , Baby Bottle , Toy , & Dish Wash Liquid 20 fl oz -LRB- 591 ml -RRB-
 A must have for cleaning your bottles . Good for many brands , not just Dr. Browns .
 I have this brush and love it . I use it to clean all my baby bottles and breast pump parts . Yes , the wire stem is delicate , but people must be scrubbing pretty hard for it to be bending and breaking . I always wash my bottles and breast pump parts immediately after use , so I do n't have to scrub the bottles/parts very hard to get them clean . The sponge fits great into the breast pump nozzles so it 's nice not to have to use a separate wire brush to clean those parts . The suction cup is great since I hate leaving cleaning sponges on the sink/counter .
 Great brush!I have been using it 3-5 times a day to wash about 10-15 bottles all shapes and sizes for over 2 months and I am not necessarily gentle with it either !!! I bought a second one just in case . Some wear and tear in the sponge part of the brush which a find perfectly normal after THIS MUCH USE !! . It also stands up no problem unless I bump on it lol . Moms and Dads out there enjoy with no fear !
 So far it 's been a good product as have all Dr. Brown products been for me . The only negative I have is that I found the brush at Walmart for less and also at Babies r us for just a little bit less -LRB- and there was no shipping charges to boot -RRB- .
 HAVE N'T USED IT JET , BUT SEEMS LIKE ITS GOING TO BE A GOOD COMPANION WHEN WASHING ALL MY BABY BOTTLES .
 Love the Dr Brown brush - works well with all of our bottles . My only problem is that the metal in the brush part breaks easily , I wish that was reinforced more . But we will keep replacing with the same brush because it is so much better than any of the other bottle brushes out there .
 We have tried several different bottle brushes and so far this is my favorite . I like that it is a solid -LRB- not flimsy -RRB- brush with both bristles and a sponge at the end . Other brushes have a bristle nipple cleaner , but this one is plastic with ridges like a screw -- which I like . Lastly , I like that it has a stand so that we do n't have to figure out where to store it . We use the Dr. Brown 's narrow mouthed bottles and it works great . One potential con for this item is if you use a bent style bottle because it does not have much flexibility .
 I 've tried several brushes and this is the best I 've used . It needed to be small enough to use on the Medela storage bottles , which many of the brushes are not . So far the bristles are still almost like new , and it 's already lasted 3 times longer than any previous brush . If you need a decent brush that is small enough for the Medela storage bottles , this brush is for you .
 Sponge wo n't tear as fast and does its job . Only wish it had a nipple cleaner at the end instead of having to reach for the nipple cleaner that is so easy to get lost .
 I 'm surprised the reviews of this brush are so iffy , but I suspect a lot has to do with different expectations . For functionality , this brush is fantastic . It has a nice spongy end , good bristles , and a handle that is ridged and sized to fit inside the nipples for cleaning . The holder is very handy and space-saving . Surprisingly for a brush that is specifically made for Dr. Brown 's bottles , it does n't have the tiny pipe-cleaner type brush you need to clean the air valve that makes these bottles so unique , or even a place to store these -LRB- they come with the bottles you buy -RRB- . That would be a great improvement , otherwise those get lost down the drain or stay wet on the counter . For that reason , this is just a good all-around bottle brush , and not so specific to Dr. Brown 's bottles . As for durability , this brush held up to a good three or four months of vigorously washing three bottles a day before the wire handle snapped off , so I guess that all depends on whether you think that 's worth $ 5 or not -LRB- I have free shipping through Amazon Prime -RRB- . From my perspective , I kept the nipple-cleaning part and got a different bottle brush , and that one was * awful * , the sponge part fell off in two weeks ' time . So , I 'm going back to this one , and buying a new one three to four months does n't seem so bad to me in comparison , as that 's only two or three before the baby moves on to sippy cups .
 I always have this brush on hand . The sponge part lasts a bit longer than other brands , and I like the fact that it stands up so wsell to dry .
 More blue than green that is pictured . Base sticks to the sink so it does n't have to lay down , I realized it can also serve as a mason jar cleaner !! Awesome
 easy to clean bottles and does n't get oversoaked with water , dries quickly , also good for cleaning glasses , stays easily on the countertop
 I like to use this brush better than a normal dish brush . it fits perfectly in bottles , cups , thermos , etc. .
 Hard for me to comment since I do n't use them myself , but my grandchild is now 9 months old and he 's never used another type of bottle !
 This brush is perfect for Dr. Brown and other bottles . The nipple cleaner works great on our Dr. Brown nipples . But the brush does n't hold up that well and I am already on my second one in 6 mos . Then again , I wash a lot of bottles and it is fairly cheap .
 I bought various bottle brushes from places like Target , and found them all to be pretty useless . I found the Munchkin brand to be extremely disappointing - it is designed to look like the Dr. Brown 's bottle brush , but it just is terrible . This one is very effective and lasts longer than I expected -LRB- I 've been using it now for more than 6 weeks , every day , washing all the baby stuff several times per day -RRB- . You ca n't lose with the Dr. Brown 's bottle brush .
 This bottle brush works just fine and the suction cup is great , but the main wire that is the backbone of the brush is rather flimsy . I can not really scrub my larger Dr. Brown 's bottles without bending it . All in all , it does the job , but it could be stronger .
 It 's working great for my Dr. Browns Glass bottles . It cleans every corner of the bottle . I am surprised to see low ratings from the others , i am not having any rust or any other problems with this brush .
 These are about as simple as it gets . You use them to clean out bottles . Does n't matter if they are Dr. Brown bottles or not.I know some folks simply put the bottles in the dishwasher , but that 's not enough to really make sure the bottle is clean and ready to go for the baby as sometimes dried milk hangs around the inner edges of the bottle . You need to do a rapid scrub a dub dub with the bottle brush first and then the dishwasher . -LRB- I usually hand-wash and microwave sterilize the bottles , but I figure that I 'll only be doing that for another 6 months or so -RRB- . This particular bottle brush also has a bottle nipple cleaner which is handy for ensuring that the bottle nipple has no dried milk in it either.They cost basically nothing . I usually by 5 at a time every few months as they wear out after about 3-4 weeks of use.If you have bottles , you need a bottle brush.Best , DSW -LSB- ... -RSB-
 These are the best brushes to use for the Dr. Brown bottles . It gets the bottles the cleanest . The only thing that I did n't like was that the top green sponge part does not hold up . I bought several of these throughout the washing of bottles for 15 months . Also , the nipple part is n't the best . I kept the nipple cleaner part of one brush for that purpose . Also , the suction did n't work very good . Needs to be better . Overall , I bought this style brush because it cleaned my bottles the best and I was willing to overlook the other very small flaws .
 Hi this is a must have item for the Dr brown 's bottle kit including the steam sterilizer.Gret value and great performance
 I love this bottle brush and am surprised at the low ratings that others are giving it . I wonder if perhaps there was a bad batch that went out in stores ?? I have had this brush for 3 months now and I have no rust issues , the metal wire part has not bent and I use this brush at least 2-3 times per day everyday . I find the stand very handy and the nipple cleaner connected to the handle is highly functional ! The sponge part is tearing and wearing out , but I have tried other baby bottle brushes that did the same thing so I suppose that comes with the territory.I love this brush and find it handy and functional and will continue to buy only these Dr. Brown 's brushes until my child outgrows the bottle !
 This is my favorite bottle brush because it stands up and it has a sponge at the end , not bristles . I think this is one of the only brands with that combination . Brushes with only bristles at the tip make a big splashy mess . I ca n't seem to use them without liberally spraying everything within 6 feet when I wash the bottles.Yeah , these brushes do n't last forever . Neither do my kitchen sponges . I 've been replacing these every 3 or 4 months . I think that 's a decent lifespan for something that is used multiple times a day , every day . Go Dr. Brown .
 It 's just a run of the mill bottle brush but it is Dr. Brown 's and me and my wife have everything Dr. Brown . I like the little suction cup stand that is used for holding the brush up right , very clean very sanitary . Would recommend it to others .
 I 'm not sure why some reviewers experienced failure after a week or two . Mine has received hard use for more than nine months with twins , and it finally broke tonight . The sponge had begun to wear out anyway , so I 'm satisfied that this is simply normal wear and tear . I was tempted to order the Munchkin brush as a replacement , because of the disparity in reviews , but after reading the negative reviews , I have to go with my own experience and reorder the same brush . I 'm not sure how even an inferior brush could rust or break in two weeks , as indicated in some of the reviews , much less a product from this supplier . I have used Dr. Brown bottles as well , and I am generally pleased with the brand .
 great brush . has all of the features you 'd want in a bottle brush rolled into one . Only desire would be for the spongy part to be more resilient . it seems to break down pretty quickly . but I 'd still buy another because the other bottle brushes on the market are not good .
 The brush is great . I do n't see , though , why it would be better than any other brush out there . It is slender , which makes it easier to fit in the bottles . The sponge on top disintegrates over times , but I guess that 's bound to happen .
 These are the only bottle brushes that last ! We have gotten others that were tattered in less than a month . These last 4-6 months and are excellent !
 I 've purchased so many bottle brushes of many different brands and this one is by far the best , it 's definitely worth it !
 I have used this brush 3 years in a row -LRB- replacing every 3 mos or so -RRB- , for both my kids -LRB- born 18 mos apart -RRB- . This is the best brush . Sure , it does n't hold up for more than 3 mos or so , but no sponge does ! It is lightweight , cleans my medela baby bottles well , and easy to travel with , too . Highly recommended .
 Lasts the longest out of all the bottles brushes we 've tried . Any other broke within a month and this one will last 6 months .
 I have been using this brush daily for over a year and finally realized it 's time for another one . The sponge is still in great shape , it has n't shredded , does n't smell , and has n't stained . The stem has n't bent and the bristles are still strong . These are problems I 've had with other models within just a few weeks . I also love that it stands straight so it keeps clean . I was happy to learn that the rubber stub at the bottom is recommended over bristles for silicon nipples.I was surprised to see it did n't have higher ratings but understand there are two versions out there . I must have the new version cuz its the best washer I 've used .
 The size of this brush is bigger than I expected.The quality looks good.I hope it can last long .
 I had this brush first , then bought another brand due to price & the fact that this brush was worn out . This brush is by far the better of the 2 . This one 's sponge is thicker , softer and larger than the other brand I purchased . It actually feels like a sponge ! This one also comes w/a stand !
 I have tried so many different bottle brushes and this is by far the best long lasting one i have found so far . i actually stopped searching for anything better since i really love this one . the sponge on the end takes lots of daily and mine was still good shape for months . i had to throw it out and get a new one after the thick wire broke in half . It was too hard to get to the bottom of tall bottles without the handle and so i replaced it . I own but not use the dr brown bottles cuz my kids prefer a different bottle so they can be easily used with different bottles . I always now recomment this one to everyone : -RRB-
 I bought this for my son when he turned 1 . We lived in a small New York City apartment and the toys were everywhere . I am happy to say that my son just turned 2 and this unit is still in great shape . It looks just like it did the day we put it together . I think the colors are great for kids and my son has no trouble now taking books out or putting them in . The bins hold a lot of stuff and they are very durable -LRB- my son went through a phase where he sat in the bins -RRB- . It only took me about half an hour to put together and is very sturdy . I 'm sure that this organizer will last him a long time .
 easy to assemble and a nice combination of storage space for my toddler . I have books in the magazine rack and toys in the bins.It also stacks well on top of the Ikea dresser I have - unitl the little guy is big enough to pull it down .
 I LOVE the book rack portion . My 2-year-old actually puts away her books now ! Plus she knows where to find them ! The storage containers are a great addition ! They hold more than I thought they would ! Definitely recommend .
 Looks very good and keeps books and small toys neat . Teaches child to keep things in place . Encourages reading . Very easy to put together . For ages 1 onwards , useful after child can walk .
 I stalked this item for some time after hearing rave reviews about it . It does not disappoint ! Its easy to put together and durable . My daughter actually enjoys putting her toys away :-RRB- This is a toddler must-have .
 My 18 month old niece has this table and she and my 16 month old love it so much I think I 'll get him one too . They even play with it together without too many fights!The block sorting net is a big hit , and making the blocks magnetic so they stack on the side of the table is a great idea . The only down side is that my son is a little tempted to climb on it , so I have to watch to make sure there are no accidents .
 I am in love with this bag and so happy to have found it . It 's the perfect bag for long days out and more adventurous excursions . It would make a great baby shower gift or one for any parent with babies , toddlers or kids in general who needs to regularly haul stuff around . My husband does n't mind carrying it and saves us from carrying 3 or 4 bags . We use the inside padded compartment for carrying our iPad . I highly recommend the Baby Sherpa .
 We took the Baby Sherpa with us on our vacation to DisneyLand in spring of 2006 . This backpack was great ! Our children were too excited to sit down for any length of time and eat so we packed plenty of snacks in the Baby Sherpa and picked up a few more as the day wore on . With a 28 oz . water bottle filled with ice in the food compartment it kept fruit and snacks cool most of the day . It has plenty of space for diapers , wipes , first aid items , and even a change of clothes if your kid has an `` accident '' with food or ... Disney does check packs but no one ever complained about the compartment on the bottom for food . If you are looking for an alternative to a diaper bag this is one of the best I have seen.We have now owned this same Baby Sherpa for more than 2 years and it is still holding up well . I see in the other reviews that one person is complaining about the shipping container , complain to the merchant you bought it from . Baby Sherpa is n't the company that shipped it to you.This Backpack has plenty of space ! I ca n't believe someone would gripe about the space . I was an avid Backpacker/Backcountry hiker before having kids and you can fit a lot into this pack . All of the compartments help you find what you want quickly , rather than digging through the entire pack to find the wet wipes .
 Purchased this bag because we needed something with an insulated area for lunches/snacks . This one is great . The insulated area on the bottom is very roomy . The insulated holder on the side easily holds a sippy cup , juice box , or small bottle . It has tons of pockets and storage . Perhaps one of the best things about this bag is that the straps are comfortable for wearing for long periods of time . Great for travel or just for a trip to the mall .
 we love this backpack ! We still use ours and will for quite some time . It 's a bit small on inside as we have a changing pad in there that takes up a bit more space but we love it . We have bought two more as gifts and swear by it ! you ca n't go wrong with this bag .
 Purchased as a gift ... exacty what the family wanted ... now they can hike and take day trips without several bags . Great product and service .
 I gave this 4 stars as I can see it is only great for traveling . At home it 's not quite working like I thought . The other thing is during the summer we sweated like crazy wearing it . It does hold a lot of stuff and has lots of pockets which is great . Using a backpack does free up my arms so much more than dragging around a diaper bag .
 We have had this bag for over 3 years . It is used on almost a daily basis by one of us . We are now using it for both our 3 year old and a newborn . It is big enough to carry items for both , but it is still easy to transport as it is a backpack . One of the great things is that it is not too girly so dad has no problems carrying it.We love the built in cooler feature - our only minor complaint is after 3 years of almost daily use the inner silver lining on the cooler is starting to peel .
 this is great , this our 4th diaper bag -LRB- we have a 16 month old and 1 on the way -RRB- and this is the best for sure . not too big and bulky like the regular tote style , you can sling it over one shoulder or two or a stroller . well balanced , LOVE the insulated lunch section and bottle holders , all the multi purpose pockets are great . we have plenty of room for two kids stuff in ours and its still not heavy - very durable too .
 We bought this diaper bag after being tired of searching for things in regular designer diaper bags . This backpack is perfect for everyday use and traveling on long trips . The insulated bottle pocket allows you to pack bottles , food , ice pack , etc and still have room for more . We are able to fit about 10 diapers plus a bag of wipes in the diaper section , as well as a couple of changes of clothes , blanket and some extra toys in the main compartment . The extra pockets on the side are great for traveling when you need to place Infant Tylenol , mylicon drops , thermometers . . all of those little extras that typically get lost in a typical diaper bag . Its not overly big either and you can hang it right on the front of your stroller for easy access if you do n't want to carry it around . It also fits in our basket on the bottom of our stroller , as well . Great buy . . I will never use a regular diaper bag again .
 I had a Baby Innovations backpack bag that had lots of pockets , but with a toddler and another one on the way I needed something bigger . Looked at all the reviews for dadGear and the Baby Sherpa . Despite no insulation , I ordered the DadGear . I was very disappointed . I knew going in there was no insulation , but there were n't enough compartments to store things , the inside is just one big hole , and the changing pad could only be for a little baby it is so small . I ended up ordering the Baby Sherpa and comparing them side by side . I returned the DadGear and KEPT the Sherpa . Honestly , there is plenty of storage for both children 's diapers , an extra outfit , and all the odds and ends you need for kids-with some room left over ! The compartment at bottom holds lots of snacks and extra water and i have n't had problems with it falling over . It is big , but it fits in the stroller bottom just fine and is comfortable when worn . Very glad that I decided to give it a try .
 Excellent service and product ! The product came on time and this lotion is great . My teenager has terrible acne and seems to not cause additional breakouts or issues . Plus it can be used all over the body and makes your skin very soft .
 I practice baby massage on my six month old every day when she gets out of the tub . I use this lotion . It does not take very much and it takes a few minutes to soak in , which is perfect . However , it does completely soak in . It leaves her skin soft and smooth , with no oily residue.I use this as my own daily facial moisturizer . I have very sensitive skin , as does my daughter . This lotion has not caused any irritation or break outs.I also use this for my hands . They tend to crack and bleed in the winter months , but I have not had that problem since I started using this lotion .
 My 20 months daughter has a very sensitive skin . This is pretty much the only lotion she tolerates . It is also a super great natural product . I love it . I 've been using it since she was 1 month old .
 Just the right consistency . Absorbs well , and cleared up my baby 's dry skin eczema within days of use . Not a super pleasant scent , but then again , it 's not scented
 I was using Johnson & Johnson baby lotion on my baby boy and he had always had this acne look like bumps on his face and wrists . I thought they were just baby acne but I do notice the bumps are more prominent after bath and lotion . I heard from a friend about California baby products so decided to give it a try . I bought this sensitive body lotion and also the sensitive shampoo & body wash . After just one wash , the bumps were already looking better so I continued to use this product and the acne look like bumps are now all gone . I am waiting to try the California Baby 's sunscreen but so far , I am loving this brand and would recommend for all babies .
 When our son was 2 months old he had contact eczema from baby oil . It started and got very bad within one day . I decided to go natural and got this body lotion from whole food market in the evening and applied it to him before going to bed . I just hoped that it should help reduce the rash . When we woke up it was all gone . At that time it really seemed like a miracle . I applied baby oil in the first place because he was having small white heads kind of acne all over his body when I was aveeno baby body wash and lotion . He did n't get even those ever since I started using this lotion . Now he is 3.5 months and I tried the regular body lotion from California baby and he does n't have any reaction to it . I would give 5stars to all the products from this brand .
 I used this lotion on my son when he was an infant and liked it so much I am using it on my baby girl . It is free of fragrances and harsh ingredients , so it is even safe to use on their faces . I also love how light weight it is -- fast absorbing is especially important when dealing with a squirmy baby.I also use the California Baby Super Sensititve Shampoo and Bodywash and love it .
 I use it on my shorthaired dogs when they are a little dry . It moisturizes very well and I do n't have to worry about any artificial fragrances that upset their skin . Works great and spreads easily without feeling greasy . Finally a safe lotion that I do n't have to feel on their hair for a week ! I highly recommend it !! I only wish it came in a larger bottle . If I were using this on a daily basis it would run out fast .
 I love this stuff because it does n't smell and it leaves my skin feeling soft and smooth . I even use it on my face . A bit pricey but it 's worth it . Yup .
 Love this stuff -- perfect for my son 's -LRB- and my own -RRB- skin . Non-greasy , but extra moisturizing -- makes skin smooth as butter . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because , like all of their products , it 's ridiculously expensive . I know you often get what you pay for , but I find it highly unlikely their ingredients are THAT expensive . Just a little sad I think this company is making a killing -- I 'd actually buy more often -LRB- often experimenting with other similar natural products , looking for one that is n't so pricey -RRB- if it were cheaper .
 We received some of this stuff from a friend when we had our son . We liked it so much that we continued to use it , now even replacing the normal hand and body lotion that we keep around the house for non-baby uses . The `` No Fragrance '' is a bit untrue . While they do n't add fragrance the lotion itself is not odor free . The scent is roughly equivalent to fresh baking flour or fresh homemade bread . Good stuff !
 I love this lotion ! I find that with a crawling baby , it protects his knees from becoming rashy . My little guy is always on the go and this really helps keeps his skin healthy and beautiful . I have two cons though . I love that it 's natural/organic . But that smell is awful . I realize that this is for sensitive skin , but wowie ! The price also is a contributing factor as to why I do n't buy California Baby more often . Maybe I moisturize him too much -LRB- after every bath or every night -RRB- but California Baby does n't seem to last as long as I 'd like .
 We are a big fan of most of the CB products . I like this one for the baby for everyday use for his eczema and dry skin . I even use it on his face and am not worried about getting it in his mouth or on his hands . I would recommend this product .
 I have most of the California Baby products for my 5 month old and my 3 year old . They both get eczema and have fair skin . NONE of the CB products irritate them and they work we well , if not better than the mass market brands . Both kids are prone to red rashes on their cheeks , and since I started using the Sensitive Everyday Lotion , their faces are much more clear . Plus the lotion keeps them moisturized far longer than the regular brands . The fragrances in the other products -LRB- not the fragrance-free obviously -RRB- are mild and pleasant . I highly recommend all of the CB products - especially if you are looking for natural and SAFE baby products .
 My daughter was extremely gassy for the first 6 weeks of her life . Around 2 am ... after no sleep and sitting up with a crying child , I started googling remedies ! Gripe Water came up several times , I did some research , left the baby with my husband and went to Walgreens at 3 am to get a bottle . At WalGreens there was only 1 bottle left on the shelf , and the cashier at the desk said it was the greatest stuff.When I got home I gave it to my daughter and within 15 minutes she was sound asleep . You could actually hear and feel this stuff loosen her belly-up . This was the only stuff that gave us peace ... Mylicon did n't work , we even went homeopathic and tried Nettle Tea and Chamomile tea - did n't work . The Gripe Water is the honest to God best invention in the world . It saved mine and my husband 's sanity ! OUr daugther is now 5 months old and awesome . We do n't use the Grip Water anymore because there is no need for it :-RRB- But I do recommend it , and I give it to all my girlfriends expecting a baby !!
 I 've been giving my baby this gripe water for awhile now , especially when she has the hiccups . The gripe water always makes them go away within minutes !!! She also LOVES the taste !!!
 I love this cover . I have used it over shopping carts and high chairs . It is so easy to throw on and put back into the carrying case . I ordered it because I loved the camo print . I think that the picture that amazon has posted is of another brand . This brand 's camo print is more of kelly greens and yellow colors , not the traditional camo colors like the picture shows . If you want to see what it really looks like , go to the manufactuer 's website . Otherwise , it 's great - not bulky at all and definitly a good price !
 It is a good product , but you need to practice a couple of times before mastering the whole kid-shopping cart thing . I put 4 stars because I think it 's too bulky and I thought it would be smaller .
 This cart cover is really easy to use , it goes over the cart in seconds . I always get so many compliments and people asking where to buy one for themselves!I tell everyone I know with a young baby that this is a must have product !
 This cart cover was just what I was looking for . It is quick and easy to put on . We chose this camo print because it would be age appropriate even as a toddler.Pros :1 . It covers the whole cart seating area and handle . Not sure about Sam 's carts .2 . It has loops to attach toys .3 . It has pockets on the inside if you want to hold your kid 's drinks .4 . It has its own strap that you loop around baby and cart .5 . Best of all , it comes with its own matching fabric carrying bag that is easy to get it in and out of.Cons :1 . Its strap is not attached to the cover so could accidentally be left behind . I plan on trying to figure a way to prevent this .2 . Not as pictured but you can go to the manufacturer 's website to see the actual color . I did this beforehand so I knew what I was getting . Thanks to the previous reviewer for mentioning this .
 My granddaughter loves to go with her Mom shopping now.The cover is easy to put on and stays in place.It has storgae fot toys and keys . Its very soft , well padded . I had looked at the ones at other stores andthis cover is a better quality.Babe Ease Super Soft Clean Shopper - Juicy Fruit
 We bought this as a gift . We ca n't wait to use it . I ` ts well made and very colorful . Would definetly recommend this product .
 Our family has been pleased with these sheets . Someone was really thinking when they designed them . The `` flat '' sheet is fitted at the bottom so young children ca n't pull it up over their head . The pillow case fits a standard , flat pillow . Also , the pillowcase is actually a pillow sham so there is n't any excess material for children to strangle on . The only drawback is that the material is not as soft as I would like it to be , probably due to some regulation on children 's products . All in all , this is a great buy .
 When I decided to move my son to a toddler bed , I went in search of sheets for it - what a task ! These sheets are great . I love the semi-fitted top sheet
 Yay ! Finally a true sheet set that makes sense for toddlers . It has the fitted sheet , it has a pillowcase , and it has a top sheet . The great part of this set is the top sheet is fitted around the bottom edges so that it can not be kicked off . My daughter is so happy with these sheets and finally being able to stay tucked in !
 I searched alot for good quality sheets for my toddler bed and kept finding 220 thread count and thought for sure they would be cheap , crappy sheets . Finally I gave up -LRB- because there is no middle ground between cheap 220 tc sheets and terribly expensive luxury sheets -RRB- and settled on these sheets . Glad I did . For a reasonable price , these sheets feel durable and thick enough and I love the way the top sheet hugs around the bottom of the bed . I did n't find that they wrinkled as bad as one of the comments -LRB- as I was worried about that too -RRB- . I washed them in cold water and dried them on low heat and they came out perfect . Will definately get another set of sheets from here if I ever need one .
 It 's so hard to find sheet sets for toddler beds , but these were perfect for us . I LOVE the fact that the flat sheet is fitted on one end , so it stays tucked in without a box spring . As others have said , they are not the softest sheets available , but my toddler never complained at all . Highly recommended .
 Pretty color and soft , smooth fabric ! A little overpriced for the amount of use it will get , but what 's price when it is for a grandchild ?! : - -RRB-
 What really turned me on about this sheet set is the flat sheet ... It is fitted at the bottom only and it stays on the bed ! My grandson does n't kick it off like with other flat sheets ... LOVE IT ! I bought several sets in different colors . With that idea , I made him a blanket the same style and it stays on the bed as well ... thanks for the sheets and the idea for the blanket
 These sheets are soft and fit nicely on a toddler mattress . But the pillowcase is sham style , with a slit down the center back , instead of standard style with the opening in the side end . You ca n't flip the pillow because of this .
 The only thing that would make this sheet set better is if it were a higher thread count . It 's a little harsh for soft toddler skin .
 These sheets are perfect-soft , durable , fitted bottom and partially fitted top sheet so it does n't untuck . so pretty for a little girl ! worth every penny .
 I love the pattern and lavender color , but they say they are the same material as some sheets I got from pottery barn however these have a stiff feeling to them and are not as soft as the ones I got from pottery barn .
 These sheets are pretty comfy looking , and the top sheet that is fitted at the foot is perfect for squirmy toddlers and preschoolers . Love them .
 Having the `` fitted '' end on the top sheet makes these the best sheets out there for toddlers ! I liked them so much I bought a second set . Not the softest sheets in the world ... but my 2 year old has n't complained : -RRB-
 These are nice sheets . The flat sheet having the elastic at the bottom is a nice touch . The fabric is nothing special , so the key here is to decide if the elastic is worth the price ! I got a very nice set from Walmart including a comforter for not much more than this set ...
 These are wonderful . I love the color and for the low thread count , they are really soft . My daughter loves her new bed now . Thinking of buying another set . I would highly recommend these to anyone .
 Have given several of these for gifts with rave reviews . You wo n't be sorry purchasing this , but obviously 250.00 is incorrect price listed for this item .
 I like this because it 's unique . I bought a different clip for myself and so many people have commented on it that I decided to make this my signature `` new baby gift '' .
 My baby loves it . He really likes to play with his pacifier , and chew on this chain .
 I liked them , used them for my baby girl who refused all other kind of Paci , she was nursing and she had no confusion of what so ever , I am expecting another baby and this time I am also buying the bottles .
 Gerber Nuk silicone pacifiers are great for nursing babies who need a little soothing . It wo n't disrupt the nursing process and the silicone lasts longer than latex . I used this on my nursing son and he had no nipple confusion and took to this better than the ` soothies ' -LRB- can be found @ BRU -RRB- the hospital gave out.I only took a star off b/c they sell these in 2 packs but will sell the latex in single packs so it was a bit inconvenient to have to buy 2 when all I wanted was a single pacifier . Plus it was very hard to find a 2 pack with 2 boy colors . All the packs I came across had green or blue then a pink or purple in the pack . Now if I had b/g twins that would be nice but I have a boy so needless to say I am not going to give him a pink paci nor spend the $ $ for one either . The best selections can be found @ BRU , and there they have 2 pack with either 2 boy colors or 2 girl colors.I would recommend this for any nursing mom , my son loves these , I just hope Gerber reads this and starts selling them in individual packs .
 Honestly , I bought this because I was only a few dollars under from getting free shipping , so I was like why not ? I 'm so glad I did though because my babies LOVE this . I had to buy several more . Now , these are the only kind of pacifiers I get and I got their bottles for my daughter and she loves those as well .
 What can I say , I chose nuk because my sister recommended it - and with my luck my baby girl liked them . Pacifiers are something that some babies like and some do n't , and sometimes you have to try more than one kind . I prefer anything that wo n't disrupt their natural sucking motion and is most like the real thing . Also from an orthodontic stand-point there is no better choice than nuk .
 I think this car seat is great . A infant carrier is a must ! The handle design is smart and convenient . In regards to previous posts ; here is my response . The handle of car seat is higher than normal ; however , all you need to do it drop it down to the ` standing ' position as indicated in the manual . As far as recalls , yes in 2007 this model did have them . But you are not the same car seat obviously . I spend a lot of time reading reviews and paying attention to ratings on all of the products I purchase for my child . I have not had ANY problems with this car seat . In fact , my child preferred to be in this car seat vs. my husbands . She had an easier time falling asleep , I 'm assuming because her head was n't titled forward.NOTE
 All car seat handles protrude . That does not make the car seat a recall issue that would be operator error and the manufacturer should apologize .
 Purchased to go with a Noah 's ark nursery . Ca n't wait to put a photo of our 2 boys in it together . Very nice piece . Sturdily made . Heavy -LRB- it is metal -RRB- , but a great buy . definitely adds to the room .
 I gave this to my friend who is expecting and loved it ! . My friend seemed very pleased and is anxious to put a picture in it .
 This picture frame is really pretty , looks nice on my desk with the picture of my LO ... I love it
 This is such a very cute and well-made frame and I look forward to displaying a photo of my grandson in the naval-themed outfit I purchased for him . I adore picture frames and this is one that I found irresistible and had to purchase it .
 This is a nice frame . It 's heavy and definitely suggests quality . The lines and edges are smooth . It 's detailed and has a lot going on , so it definitely will be eye catching even amongst other frames , and also looks good just on its own.The finish is definitely more pewter and not at all silver . That 's fine with me - but just wanted to clarify for anyone wondering .
 Our friend had twins and this seemed to be the perfect fit . The frame arrived in only a few days and was everything we had hoped for to use as a present . Would be perfect for baby pics , etc. .
 I know the thing has the dimensions , and of course it 's going to be small if it holds a 2X3 frame . Even though I see dimensions I ca n't see that in my head before it arrives , this thing is so itty bitty . Maybe great for a cramped desk space , other than that it is REALLY nice , and super cute !
 This picture frame was delivered fast . It is a heavy frame and is very good quality . I will be buying more in the future !
 frame is cute . it has real weight to it , so it does n't feel or look cheap at all . Note that it can only be used for verticle pictures because the images on the sides are set to be vericle .
 Bought this as a gift , and it was so cute and perfectly detailed larger than I expected I almost kept it for my son 's picture ! However I did gift it like I planned , but do plan on getting one for each of my childrens baby pictures .
 Very cute frame ! My friend was all gaga over the picture of her cute baby in the cute frame . Just be careful cutting the picture to fit the frame as it has a bit of a funky shape that the photo has to fit into .
 I looked everywhere for a simple baby frame that was n't specific to a boy or a girl and I found it in this frame ! The shapes around the border are so cute ! We inserted a little note announcing our pregnancy and gave it to our families ... they were shocked and love that they can use it to put the first picture of the baby in it ! Great frame , I kept 4 for myself for when the baby arrives !
 I was very pleased with the quality of the purse and the over all transaction . The only complaint I have is the photo showed 4 colors but did n't have a place to indicate the preferred color . When I called BabyAge directly to find out how to indicate the color , they told me the item # that went with that order did n't have color options . It was a faux brown suede . She told me the picture was just wrong . So I placed the order expecting the brown faux suede purse but got the lime green purse . Since the lime green color was the one I was going to originally choose , I never called to try and exchange ... but ... I would have preferred the brown faux suede once I knew it was an option . Oh well , I 'm still happy with the purse and I love showing off my photos of my dogs . I get comments everywhere I go . The grocery store clerks always recognize me by my purse . I like the ability to change out photos too . It 's alot of fun . I wish they made a shoulder strap small purse . I prefer shoulder strap purses .
 Our son does not mind sitting in this carseat . I like that it turns into a booster seat later and for now we just use it as our second carseat -LRB- although it 's become our primary carseat lately -RRB- . The only two negatives about it are : ~ The bottom of the 5 point harness system is not too comfy on his legs/between the legs . ~ If he ever falls asleep in it , there is not much support for the head .
 Great for the price . I have the Bolero , which is the stripped down version of the Generations seat . Because the top slats for the harness are higher than most seats , this is great for a taller child or a child with a long torso . A child outgrows their harness when their shoulders are above where the straps come out of the back of the seat , so with higher slats this will keep your child harnessed -LRB- safer ! -RRB- longer . My 4 year old loves the cup holder , it 's a little flimsy but we never spill ... she just likes having something to put in it . The harness is easy to buckle and has adjusters on the side to make every trip a perfect fit . This seat grows with your child and turns into a belt positioning booster when she outgrows the harness . Has more side impact protection than some similar seats , although if you use the pillow -LRB- which is really pointless -RRB- your child 's head will still droop forward.The only thing I do not like about this seat is that the harness is only usable to 40 lbs , while some seats -LRB- like Britax -RRB- can keep your child harnessed longer . Since a harness is safer for EVERYONE that is something of a drawback , but it 's still a good seat for a lower weight child , a low income budget , or a back-up seat .
 I have purchased two of these same carseats -LRB- one for each vehicle -RRB- and am satisfied with the ease of its use . I have a small toddler who fits in it well and find it fairly easy to adjust and install .
 We bought this booster for a very tall near 2 year old who had outgrown her convertible seat . Installation was OK in our Hyundai Santa Fe - I think all carseats are a little tricky , each with its own directions and eccentricities of getting it to fit in your specific car just right . No issues after reading the manual and a little trial and error , as expected for a car seat . Daughter is now 3.5 and still very comfortable in this seat -LRB- using harness system -RRB- . I agree with some posters who say the `` pillow '' makes the head tilt too far forward , but our daughter rarely sleeps in the car -LRB- I know , that 's unusual -RRB- , so not an issue for us . It 's just stuck on with velcro , so you can just take it off if it 's an issue . The loosen/tighten strap adjustment knob on the side is a great feature , and works pretty well . You do have to use just a little might , but easy enough . Much better than our other carseat where you have to pull the strap straight down underneath the seat at just the right angle - yuck . We never used the cupholder , just because we needed to use the space next to the carseat for another person to sit . All in all , this is a nice seat , with nice fabric and padding , our daughter loves it , there are no real issues , and it was a great price .
 I used it whereever I went with my second child and this is much comfortable to wear it for extended periods of time unlike the other slings that start to bite into the shoulder and we start wanting to get the baby off the sling . With this sling I was able to roam the entire mall with my baby in it and never felt the pain on the shoulder . I lent it to my friend after I was done with it . Its the best buy .
 This baby bjorn allowed me to bring our daughter wherever we went . It was so comfortable and our child was content to sleep or hang out inside . My back never hurt . Fantastic !
 This is a must have for anyone with kids ! The back support is wonderful and you can keep your little one in it for hours . They are super happy and contentent . I have three kids and have used this on all three ! SO worth the money !
 Received this as a gift and when our Ruth grew to be too heavy for the hand-me-down bjorn we had , this hit the spot . I am 6 ' 3 '' my wife is 5 ' 4 '' and it adjusts easily to suit both of us . The back support is a life-saver and Ruth loves cruising in it . Definitely a must have in our house .
 While new to parenthood , this item appears to be great so far . Our babe is n't heavy enough to fully assess the benefit of the additional support provided by the active carrier , but it seems to work quite well . In fact , when our little guy was a bit fussy , I put him in the Bjorn and went for a moderately paced walk on the treadmill and he really seemed to like it . Overall , I would recommend this item .
 tribal carriers are great for him but it 's too hot to be in in the Israeli summer.I tried other western carriers but my baby refused to be in them - or they did not support his body properly . the only one both of us liked is this one.plus the color is great , and once i adjusted all the starps , its easy to put on.love it .
 I strongly recommend this product . I tried most of the baby carriers out there with my wife and we decided to pay the extra and buy this one . The main reason is that this model -LRB- Baby Carrier Active -RRB- has a tremendous back support other models do n't have . Baby Carrier Active has easy snap function which helps you to put and remove the baby very easily . We believe it 's worth the money especially if you have already decided to get the Baby Bjorn Baby Carrier -LRB- not the Active one , the light version -RRB- . It is also a good investment if you are planning to walk around the city with your little one .
 Great Product . It was the only thing that would clam down my two month old and still enabled me to have two free hands . The back brace was very helpful and worth the extra cost .
 After trying and returning some less expensive carriers , I bought this one , and I absolutely LOVE it . My older child was SO happy in it , and my younger child loves it now . The lumbar support is awesome , which enables me to use the carrier for long periods of time . Baby Bjorn 's customer service is also top notch . I used my Bjorn so much with my first child that the outer part -LRB- which folds over when the baby is facing outward -RRB- started to flip-up in the baby 's face , instead of staying folded down like it is supposed to . So , I called Baby Bjorn , and they replaced the carrier free of charge - no questions asked . This is a great product from a great company .
 After trying out other carriers , we finally chose this one . It is very easy to use and comfortable for the baby . The best part , it provides lumbar support . The baby loves being in this carrier .
 Well-received by the new parents who got this as a gift . Just what they wanted !
 These came in handy while storing pumped milk . They fit in the fridge or freezer perfectly and have markings on the side so you know how much is in there .
 Follow the directions for the first time cleaning so that you do n't have the terrible smell of the new material . It came with the medela sticker that says once opened ca n't be returned , which made me appreciate knowing it was a brand new item .
 I love these containers because they 're compact - more upright than wide - and they are economical compared to one-time use bags . The only thing I hate about them is that they only come in 2.7 ounce size ! MEDELA
 I love these , they are the perfect storage containers for me.The shape means they are easy to have lined up in the fridge , standing , OR easy to have stacked in bulk in the freezer!The long thin shape also makes it faster & easier to defrost or warm up because so much of the milk is exposed to the sides -- just drop a container into a drinking glass and run water on it.It 's perfect meal size , just under 3 oz per bottle . So no measuring out milk for every meal into a new container , then pouring it into a bottle to drink . Just warm up , and pour into bottle.If you are a medela user , you can actually put a medela nipple directly onto this as well . -LRB- I dont do that because I prefer adiri bottles for actual feeding , slower flow -RRB- .
 These bottles are great and super easy to use and clean . My one grip is that they 're somewhat costly , especially considering that I store 10oz of milk a day , which equates to 4 bottles -LRB- each bottle is 2.5 oz -RRB- . If I did n't also use the plastic Medela freezer bags , I 'd have to purchase a box every three days .
 Since each container holds 2.5 ozs of milk , these are perfect for when you 're just starting to pump and probably do n't produce very much milk . It sounds silly , but it eased my anxiety and made pumping easier when I attached one of these to my pump and was able to see it fill up than when I used one of the 5 oz Medela bottles and felt like I was barely collecting anything . The milk in these thaws fairly quickly , and it 's great to know how much you 've stored . As a bonus , you can use a pencil to write the date and time on the side of the bottle and it washes/wipes off well , so it 's easy to use the containers again and again without getting confused .
 I 've purchased about 6 packs of these for pumping , storing , and freezing . They are excellent for many reasons ! First , I can pump directly into them with my Medela Freestyle . Second , they are a great size for storage . If you freeze them they are the perfect amount , not too big to too small . I buy the medela nipples that fit directly onto these bottles so they are easy to use . Yes , the nipples directly fit onto these to use . Love them ! Plus , after this baby , I can reuse these bottles with our second child .
 My only complaint about these is I wish they came in more sizes . They are easy to use with my medela harmony , easy to clean , and it is much easier to warm milk up in these because they are so skinny . They display both ounces and mililiters . Oh ... they are a little difficult to write on , but I 've managed to find one pen that will work -LRB- papermate felt tip -RRB- .
 i use it with medela pump in style . . easy to fit on the pump . . and vry easy to clean and store . . if u want u can use the medela nipple on it and use it to feed to . . however i just use them to store and nevr to feed .
 This was a great tool . Of course its Medela and they have just about perfected the paraphernalia needed by nursing moms . These were a great addition to the ones I already had .
 No spillage . Great for low amount of milk storage . fit easily in freezer . Price is also reasonable . Will recommend it .
 My baby is 6 months old and it is surprising how much I still use these - for her to drink water with meals , to shake up formula to mix with her rice cereal and when she just needs a small nib of milk . Using them for breast pumping at the beginning is great too and breast milk freezes wonderfully in them .
 I buyed this bottle pack while I was buying the Medela Swing Breastpump , and has been a perfect duo for feeding our baby and keeping milk always avalaible
 I 've been using them for few days . They are of perfect size and very convenient to use with my medela electric pump . I have n't tried freezing them so ca n't decide if the review about the bad smell after freezing are correct or not .
 These are really convenient because they can go from the pump , to the freezer , and they take standard nipples . They can only hold up to 2 oz frozen -LRB- need to leave room for expansion in the freezer -RRB- , but I just give the baby 1-2 bottles depending on how hungry he is . It helps to minimize the amount of breast milk discarded because the baby does not finish the bottle .
 These bags are great and came on time . Good price and work well . One thing to note - the bags l
 I love these bottles . I have the Medela Freestyle pump and they work great . I read reviews on the bags and did n't want to waste my money on a leaky bag . They are n't awkward to use at all . I pump at work and use the Freestyle while double pumping . I can simply disconnect the hose from one side , unscrew the bottle and replace w / another bottle while the other side is still pumping -LRB- by the way I do wear a hands free pumping bra , a must have -RRB- . And they are easy to store in the freezer . I use masking tape on the bottle caps to note the date/time .
 I 've used this set since I started pumping when my baby was 2 months old and it 's had several different uses every day since.When I was still on maternity leave I would pump in between or after feedings and these were the perfect size -LRB- they hold about 2.5 oz -RRB- . I would pump and then put them in the refrigerator to freeze later in my Playtex drop in liners . After I began to ramp up with pumping and when I went back to work I bought some cheap gerber bottles -LRB- 5 and 10 oz sizes -RRB- and used the lids that came with these interchangeably . My baby is nearly 6 months and I still use these almost every day when pumping at work . Even thought I have the Playtex nurser kit , I prefer to pump 6 oz into a gerber bottle using these lids . The smaller containers work for holding food and dry rice cereal.If you used a `` regular '' nipple -LRB- I use Playtex dropins -RRB- you could just screw it directly onto these containers . I never froze directly in them , but they were still invaluable to my freezing process.The lids screw on tight so traveling with them is very easy and no spills.I use a medela pump so of course there were no compatibility issues.I highly recommend these !
 these are compatible with the ameda pump . they are a useful size -LRB- 2.5 oz . -RRB- and are reusable . they are not sterile packed and need to be boiled before first use .
 I loved these containers because they were n't just bags . The lids fit tightly , even when the containers tipped over , which was good . And I liked that they had the mL on the side to keep track of how much was in each one . And as a bonus they came sterilized , so I did n't even have to wash them first . After using , a bottle brush worked great to clean them . Great buy !
 These are very handy for quick bottles . Knowing that each stores 2.5 oz makes bottle prep a snap . I wish that they came with some sort of dispensing system for the fridge so that the freshest one was always in front . Sort of like those dispensers for soda cans that you can get for your fridge . You would drop the most recently pumped bottles in a hole in the back and the ones to use first would roll up to the front . Otherwise it 's kind of a pain to store them in the fridge . The bases are narrow and they tend to tip over on the wire shelves in my fridge .
 I agree with the other reviews that these are very convenient bottles for storage , sterile and ready-to-use straight out of the box -- only drawback is the size , which is half the standard 150ml . I fill two of these from each side , which means in any given pumping session I 'm switching bottles 4 times , which is awkward .
 I use these with my Medela pump in style advanced with no issues whatsoever . I love them better then the bags , they are easier to store in my opinion , they do n't leak , easy to thaw , easy to heat in a bottle warmer . They are the perfect 2 oz size for my newborn baby who takes between 2-4 oz per feeding . I have bought 2 boxes to keep me going for a while .
 I love that they can be washed & resued unlike bags which are a one-time use . I also love that you can add more milk -LRB- un-like a bag -RRB- . The size is perfect and they store great .
 I love these storage bottles ! I bought two packs , one pack i froze the milk in the bottles and the second pack i use to pump into and dump the contents out into breast milk storage bags ; since the storage bags are cheaper and take up less room in my freezer . These are a must for any pumping mother .
 These are great . Thry are cheaper than the stores . Work great as bottles . So I store milk than jist put a nipple and good to go .
 Decent price and fast shipping . Great product to start saving milk , especially in early months of breast feeding as you do n't produce enough milk to fill storage bags
 I found these small bottles the best way to store breastmilk and you can feed directly from this bottle by simply putting a nipple on or transfer easily to another bottle . They store well in the freezer and fit easily into our bottle warmer .
 I 'm using it for the last month and I ordered another pack recently.The good thing about it is that it is reusable . I can also connect it directly to Medela and Ameda breast-pump . Now when I 'm pumping more this things are less useful , because you can pump only 2 oz in the bottle.I 'm still keeping milk in them , because it 's easy to heat the milk under the water -LRB- they are small and tall , so the milk will warm faster -RRB- . Unfortunately , when you froze the milk , these bottle became quite fragile - one of the bottles fell of in the freezer and cracked . Now I 'm keeping them in a box .
 Never used the bags due to reviews of chemical funk so went with these tubes . So far so good . Had to use perm marker to date and time , but that is not an issue for us -LRB- any other marker just fades off -RRB-
 These were great for storing milk in to take back to grandmas house for babysitting . We use bags for the freezer , but for transport we like these . They also fit my medela harmony pump , which I like .
 these are much easier than bags for milk storagethey stand up by themselvesand they are washable and reusablebags are disposable and tend to try to fall over when being filledinvest in these : D
 I gave it at the birth of my grandson . My daughter is using them daily and likes them . It has a good reputation and fit the need .
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE these . I started out using snappies , but these are much better ! I write dates on with a sharpie and then wipe it off and re use . Great product .
 I love these for when the kiddo is still taking smaller bottles . You can directly thaw in the bottles and put a nipple on them and go about the day ! No thawing , moving to a different bottle and THEN adding a nipple . They fit perfectly into just about any cooler , are light and easy to pump into and are generally awesome.The only thing I would change is to make them 4 oz instead of 3.5 or whatever they are , or at least make an option that is , so that those of use that live in the US can get an amount that daycare workers can track .
 Its perfect for little amounts of milk , has the perfect size , easy to clean and the most important thing , is reusable .
 I absolutly love these . This is my 3rd box I have ordered . They are the perfect size for pumping , freezing and feeding .
 I breastfeed my son for 95 % of his meals , but every now and then , I like to have the convenience of a bottle . If you 're not trying to build a humongous stash , this is perfect . Simply twist in your pump and freeze . Thaw out the milk , shove in the dishwasher and repeat !
 I do n't use these to freeze my milk but I do use them at work to store the milk I pump through out the day and then out of the same bottle daddy is able to feed our little girl the next day at home . they are the perfect size . if she does not finish the entire bottle not to much goes to waste and that was very important to me . I recommend it to everyone , even if you dont have a medela breast pump . as a matter of fact i pump with my Avent pump and pour into enough bottles for 3 feedings and the rest of my milk i freeze in bags .
 If you 're using playtex drop-in bottles , you know the frustration of trying to push the air out . The Medela bottles work PERFECTLY for that . My baby was mostly breastfed but we did a bottle or two of forumla ever day . Not only we 're the bottles good for pushing the air out , but they 'll hold enough formula to make a 10 oz bottle .
 I really like this bottles especially because you can freeze them and they are reusable . The size is about right since most breastfed kids will eat around 3oz per feeding for a long time . The only problem when compared to the plastic liner bags is that these are very bulky and can occupy half of your freezer very quickly if you 're trying to build up a month 's supply stock . If you are hoping to keep a month 's supply or less frozen they are a great alternative , otherwise probably the plastic liner bags are easier to handle .
 These work well if you are pumping smaller volumes . Often , though , I pump more than 4 oz so I use bags instead . Also , if one side produces more than the other , it can be annoying because one side will fill up and there 's still room on the other side for more . Tends to be easier to just pump into the bottles that come with the pump and dump it all into a storage bag . I use the Lansinoh storage bags , which are great -LRB- I have n't tried another brand yet -RRB- . So , if you are pumping small volumes , these work just fine .
 These containers are only 2.5 ounces large but that size is great for a quick defrost and works well to supplement a milk bag stash . These are important for if baby is still a bit hungry after having a larger bottle . I love the convenience of these and how easy it is to attach to pump and use as a bottle , plus stacks well in a trey in the freezer . I wish they had a cheap 5oz version .
 Good product . Fit my medela swing pump so I save directly in fridge or freeze .
 These bottles are perfect for using a dual pump ... No , I did n't personally use them , but my wife did ! They attach directly to the Medela shields , and can then be capped and put directly into the refrigerator or freezer . The only ` drawback ' is if you produce more than 80ml each side , because you would then obviously have to change them out mid-pumping . I 'm sure there are larger containers out there if you need them .
 I actually got these just to store breastmilk so I would n't have to store it in a bottle . I got some similar storage containers as a sample and was pleased -LRB- Snappies brand -RRB- , so I decided to search and order more . While that brand did not come up , the Medela brand did . They looked about the same , so I got them . I did not know they also fit directly on the Medela pumps ! This was great ; I no longer had to dirty a bottle and then pour into the storage container . I simply pumped into the containers and put the lid on ! Another awesome feature is the Medela nipples fit directly on the containers if needed .
 Does what it says . Compatible with the Medela pumps.I also have the 150ml ones , but I freeze breast milk in these , because it is suggested to freeze in smaller portion , so a -RRB- you can thaw smaller amount if only a small amount is needed ; b -RRB- even if you need to thaw 4 oz , two 2-oz bottles thaw faster than one 4-oz bottle .
 Completely happy with the bottles that fit perfectly in my breast pump -LRB- lactina -RRB- , the caps fit all my gerber/evenflo bottles . I have a sterilizer so I did n't use the bag that comes inside the box .
 BEST AROUND AT GREAT PRICE ! LOVE THIS VERY HANDLY AND IS THE PREFECT BABY SHOWER GIFT BREAT FEEDING MOTHERS WILL LOVE THESE ! WOULD RECOMMEND !
 WOrks great as storage in frig or freezer . Can even put feeding nipple onto to save from using a different bottle when in a bind .
 I 've really gotten a lot of use out of these . They are easier to pour from than bags and the small amounts really are perfect for newborns . Also I do n't have to worry about a bag busting . They are a little hard to store in the freezer , they take up more room than the bags , but over all , less mess . I am also a big fan of all things reusable .
 I have a few packs of these bottles and I love them for storing my milk in the freezer -- 2.5 oz containers , allow me to freeze with more peace of mind than the plastic bags that many others use . I 've just heard too many stories about bags ripped/broken and milk loss . I work too hard to make it to see that happen!My only reasons for not giving these 5 stars :1 -RRB- I wish they were bigger , but that 's Medela 's product team 's issue , not Amazon 's .2 -RRB- The description on these says they 're sterile , but I 've gotten sterile ones that were individually shrink wrapped , and these were NOT . So I do n't fully trust that description .
 This Bottles are great for my baby when Im traveling they are not bulky or heavy . You can use a Similac or Evenflo nipple with them and you 're ready to feed your baby . You can put juices , baby food , milk , water . I have used this bottles a lot for travelingI 've been traveling the last 2 months and this bottles are great.My baby is small and he ca n't hold the regular bottles but he loves holding this one that adapts to his small hand.It is a great size bottle for newborn and even up to 12 months . I love them . I actually came back to buy another set.I would say this is A MUST PRODUCT for mommys on the go .
 These containers are great BECAUSE OF the size . First of all , they are perfectly sized for newborns . And , once your baby gets a little older , and requires more milk , these 2.5 oz . containers are the perfect supplement to combine with a 5oz storage bag when thawing to make a bottle . Other reviewers claim these containers are `` awkward , '' but I would suggest not pumping directly into them . If you own a Medela pump , or the like , simply pump into the 5oz container that comes with the pump and transfer into the smaller storage container -LRB- s -RRB- for freezing.I always make sure my mother in law/nanny has 12 frozen Medela -LRB- 2.5 oz -RRB- containers of milk at her place -LRB- in deep freeze -RRB- in case my baby needs a `` snack '' if I am running late to pick him up after work.Oh , and they are BPA-free . Bonus.I highly recommend these .
 I love these . I had been using Lasinoh freezer bags to store my milk , but these bottles are so much better . * You wo n't have to worry about leaking bags -LRB- I 've had one bag leak so far -RRB- * I like the small size . I always had odd amounts in the bags because I did n't want to freeze more than a few ounces at a time so none goes to waste later . * They are compatible with my pump-in-style Medela pump . * They are free-standing , unlike bags . Easy to pour milk into . * They are compatible with Medela nipples . Just heat a freezer bottle and add a nipple . Unlike bags which would take an extra step to thaw , plus pour out of the bag ... which is another opportunity to spill it , and you 're left with a messy bag . * They are reusable - a definite plus . * They fit perfectly in aSet of 4 Medium Clip Boxes -LRB- Clear/Soft Fern -RRB- -LRB- 5.375 `` D x 6.625 `` W x 11 `` H -RRB- . 15 of these bottles will fit perfectly in this bin in the freezer . They also stack well , and the boxes fit perfectly in my freezer . I have a post-it label on the end of the box , letting hubby know which box is the oldest so he knows what milk to use first . I also find these plastic boxes at Target , Publix , and they are probably available at any other big box store , too . I used to store milk in the Lasinoh freezer bags , and then put those bags in a gallon-size ziplock bag , which was n't a very good idea . Then I used those plastic boxes to put the freezer bags in , which was better . These bottles in the plastic bin is perfect . * Easy to label . They have a place on the side to write information , but I use big post-it note labels , wrapped around the bottle and secured with a wire twist-tie -LRB- easier to read -RRB- . On the post-it , I write
 I agree with other reviewers that it would be MUCH better if these bottles were bigger . If I 'm puming after a feeding or something they 're fine , but if I 'm pumping in place of a feeding , I generally pump about 6 oz which is just enough that the bottles wo n't hold it all , but also enough that if I try to switch bottles I wind up with two bottles that only have a quarter z or so each in them . It 's annoying . And maybe I 'm missing something , but it does n't seem like you can buy the larger collection bottles separately - you either have to get them with a kit , or with a feeding and storage set , either way you 're paying for additional parts you do n't need . The plusses though are these things come pre-sterilized and the small size has some advantages - topping off a newborn who only needs an ounce or two , or pre-measuring a couple of ounces of breastmilk to mix with cereal , for example .
 I like these bottles for pumping at work , they are more convenient than the regular 150ml -LRB- 5ounce -RRB- bottles . First of all , I almost never can -LRB- and never have time -RRB- to pump a full 5-ounce bottle from each breast . These bottles come in 2.5-ounce and are perfect for pumping just the right amount in 5-10 minutes . And besides , my 4-month old almost never takes more than 2.5 ounces at each feeding , so 5-ounce bottles just do n't make sense . I wish the storage bags could come in 2.5 ounce size , too .
 I agree with the other moms that these are a little small , but if your newborn does n't drink a whole four ounces at a time , it is great to be able to thaw only two ounces at a time . The good thing about these is that you can pump directly into them and freeze them . There is no need to transfer to a storage baggie thing and there is little or no chance that they will leak . When I was considering what to get , I kept reading about moms who pumped milk and then kept it in storage bags only to have it leak when thawed . Given the amount of time it takes to pump milk , to loose it to leaking bags is terrible . I only bought 12 of these and that was plenty - I am not a full-time working mom , so it was only to use sometimes when I was at school or working a few days in a row . If you work full time , you may want to buy two sets or even bigger ones . It is annoying to have to switch bottles several times while pumping .
 Great bottles ; I bought two boxes of these for storing the milk in the freezer . Very convenient to use . My only issue is , they are too expensive -LRB- hence 4 stars only -RRB- . I know bags are probably cheaper alternative ; however , I do n't want to risk the milk leaking or the bag breaking . I am starting to buy these bottles from Target -LRB- in store -RRB- ; they charge $ 4 less per box . -LRB- They add up !! Especially if you are buying lots of them . -RRB-
 Especially at the reduced price , these are great containers . When I was looking at babyfood containers for the freezer I was surprised at the prices -- so I used these as I had them on hand from when my supply was just getting started.When I first started out I had to pump every 2 hours for the first 4 months . The 5oz bottles made me feel like a failure when I was only getting 1/2 to 1 ounce . So I bought these and was able to measure and store the smaller amounts much easier.They were also great for supplementing with formula . I would put a scoop of formula in a bunch , grab a few for the diaper bag and go . When out I could just add 2oz of water and shake it up.Now that my supply is up I use the bags -LRB- different brand actually -RRB- for freezer storage , but these still get used for `` odd '' amounts -- I save everything in 4oz quantities so any extra goes in these bottles if I need to.But what I use them for most often now is store homemade baby food . I make a batch of steamed veggies or fruit , puree in a food mill , pour it in a ziploc , snip a corner off the bag , then squeeze/pipe the food into the containers . I bought some removable `` dot '' labels and they 're easy to store -- I have a plastic shoebox in my freezer that acts as a slide-out drawer and these fit perfectly .
 These things work great . I take them to work , fill them up and bring them home . They also work great with the playtex bottle system . I can just screw my playtex bottle nipple on to these medela containers -LRB- actually , this works with any of the medela containers -RRB- . I do n't have to pour anything back and forth . For day care , I just send them a nipple and a couple of defrosted medela containers , and that 's it ! No fuss ! No need to `` make '' the bottles .
 They may not be the most space conscious item - but they are made with the proper non-leaching plastic to keep milk safe . They also are reusable for the eco-minded .
 The product itself is excellent . I have no issues with it either using it , storing in the fridge or cleaning it . I only gave it a 4 not a 5 bec 2.5 oz is a small amount . It used to be perfect when my son was 2 months old . Starting the 3rd month his meal grew and i have to use the bigger medela bottles . I initially went out and bought 3 packs of this 2.5 oz bottles . I now regret this bec they are not useful when pumping and then heating them.Also if you have a bottle warmer you will need to heat every bottle on it 's own vs. the 5 oz bottle which you can heat in one go.I also used a white board pen to write on the bottles when I put them in the freezer and it wipes off easily so no issues with that.I would advice that you buy the 5 oz bottles and not these if you are plannig to pump until your baby is more than 3 months .
 I use this can to feed my baby directly . The nipple fit perfect to the can so you dont have to use other bottle.I have 36 bottles of this in my freezer .
 Great price fast shipping great for on the go and vacations good durability cap does n't leak like some of the cheap one 's
 I ordered these to supplement my breastmilk storage capacity . A regular Medela nipple fits onto the top of the storage containers . These 2.5 ounce containers are great for storing smaller amounts of breastmilk to feed to your newborn , or if you are just breaking it down into smaller amounts for storage . I would recommend this product to anyone who needs to store breastmilk.For those in the U.S.A. , these are considered eligible medical products by the IRS that can be purchased or reimbursed from a medical flex spending account .
 Nice way to store milk . I had production obstacles so these were great because I did n't have to worry about bags leaking with my precious milk . Great peace of mind .
 I really love the Medela Pump in Style system and liked using these smaller bottles for my daughter until she reached about three months . Now that she 's three and a half months old , she eats more in each feeding than these bottles can contain . But they were super convenient when she first started drinking from bottles .
 The Medela breastmilk containers are really convenient ! I use them to carry pre-measured powdered formula in my diaper bag for on the go bottles and also for pumping when I know that I 'm not going to get much milk -LRB- like right after nursing -RRB- . I really like that they come pre-sterilized so I do n't have to boil them before using . Great little back-up containers !
 I love these ! What a great invention ! They fit really well onto my Medela Swing breast pump . I refridgerate and freeze in these containers , and I can put the nipple right on the top . There are no need for bottles with these .
 These bottles are very handy , as they attach to the Medela pump horns and can then easily be packed in the diaper bag , or placed in the fridge or freezer . At just about 2.5 oz each , they are the perfect size for feeding a 0-4 week old newborn . The price is right , too ... a dozen bottles included so you always have a few clean ones ready to go . Good purchase !
 When freezing and storing breastmilk in bags , I always seem to have leakage . These are great for freezing because they do n't leak when thawed !
 I used this bag for store the breastmilk since my little one used Medela 's special feeder . Overall it was valuable .
 Each tube is only for 2.5 oz , if you have more milk than that on each pump , you will have to change them while pumping , otherwise they are good to pump , they are light , and very good to stock on the freezer , they use few space .
 These are incredibly easy to use for pumping , using any Medela Breastpump . As well , they freeze and refrigerate and then are convenient for feeding as well , with bottle nipples .
 I am very happy with this purchase , the construction of this sheet is wonderful , it fits perfect , the side gusset is at least 9 '' deep and the elastic is all around . Color stay well after numerous washings . Best crib sheet I purchased so far for my baby girl .
 Delivered on time and in good condition . The color is as it appeared on the website . I 've washed it several times and still looks like new .
 I am a Family Childcare Provider in Massassachusetts . I have 3 children sleeping in cribs and have purchased many crib sheets . Some do n't fit the crib mattress correctly and the kids are able to pull them off in no time -LRB- 2 year old -RRB- ... These sheets have nice wide pockets for covering the mattress completely . Easy to change and vibrant colors to boot ... A very good purchase ...
 This is a good sheet . I bought one for each of my two triplet boys.Pro
 Ive been looking for fun and vibrant sheets for my sons crib and im glad to find these . I was worried if they would be an odd size or something and maybe not fit and be too small but they fit great . I have the davinci kalani crib from target and its a larger sized crib so these sheets will fit any crib you should have . The fabric is soft and well made . I love this zig zag pattern it looks so cool and modern !
 The material and color has held up over a year of use with multiple washes . The color is exactly as shown . Great product , highly recomend .
 This is a good value for the money . It has larger elastic corner pockets/edges so it will not slip off the mattress easily . I only wish it were a little softer . But , it 's a good purchase .
 Love the modern sheets for my girls room !! They are n't so soft and have n't washed them yet but I still like them !
 I bought this as an emergency sheet for when my son had an accident . It fits great and I love the color .
 Ordered this for my niece and her new baby . She said she is very pleased with this chair . She will be able to use it for several years , and again if she has another child .
 This chair is great , easy to put together and useful for several ages . I would recomend it to anyone ...
 This is the best highchair ever ! Everyone who sees it goes on and on . My daughter loves it . She not only eats at the table in it , we also make it into the desk and chair so she can color . My little newhews come over and use the chair to watch their movies . The high chair is always in use at our house , and still looks brand new . It 's super easy to clean . The only problem with this high chair is the fight over who gets to sit in it .
 I am a Family Childcare Provider in Massassachusetts . I have 3 children sleeping in cribs and have purchased many crib sheets . Some do n't fit the crib mattress correctly and the kids are able to pull them off in no time -LRB- 2 year old -RRB- ... These sheets have nice wide pockets for covering the mattress completely . Easy to change and vibrant colors to boot ... A very good purchase ...
 This is a good sheet . I bought one for each of my two triplet boys.Pro
 Ive been looking for fun and vibrant sheets for my sons crib and im glad to find these . I was worried if they would be an odd size or something and maybe not fit and be too small but they fit great . I have the davinci kalani crib from target and its a larger sized crib so these sheets will fit any crib you should have . The fabric is soft and well made . I love this zig zag pattern it looks so cool and modern !
 The material and color has held up over a year of use with multiple washes . The color is exactly as shown . Great product , highly recomend .
 This is a good value for the money . It has larger elastic corner pockets/edges so it will not slip off the mattress easily . I only wish it were a little softer . But , it 's a good purchase .
 Love the modern sheets for my girls room !! They are n't so soft and have n't washed them yet but I still like them !
 I bought this as an emergency sheet for when my son had an accident . It fits great and I love the color .
 I am very happy with this purchase , the construction of this sheet is wonderful , it fits perfect , the side gusset is at least 9 '' deep and the elastic is all around . Color stay well after numerous washings . Best crib sheet I purchased so far for my baby girl .
 Delivered on time and in good condition . The color is as it appeared on the website . I 've washed it several times and still looks like new .
 My boy moved into this bed shortly after he turned 2 and loves it . We like it because it is low to the floor and the side rails are very sturdy . He loves it because he can sit on it any time he likes -LRB- I am sure the Finding Nemo bedding helps -RRB- . Construction is solid and fairly simple to put together.Only problem we had is that none of the matching pieces are available at BabiesRUs Stores . Despite having them on display , and being in a large market where there are more than a dozen stores , none of them have them in stock and the stores report no POs with the vendor . We were forced to pay huge shipping charges through Amazon to get them . BabyiesRUs is quickly losing it 's appeal .
 I live in Ontario and I seen this bed online . So we took a day trip and went to the States to purchase this as you can not get this bed in Canada . We love it and the price.Babies R Us allowd us to open the box before we left , because if there was a problem with it , it would 've been a pain to go across the border again . Luckily we did open the box , because one of the foot rails had a gauge in it.Setting it up ` definately ' needs 2 people to do this . It is a royal pain in the butt with the rails that hold the mattress not fitting in as easy as it should . Add in a toddler trying to help , it does n't make it easier . LoL . Took well over an hour to set up.Our son is 2.5 yrs and just learned to climb out of his crib . So we opted for a toddler bed , instead of a single regular size adult bed . Took 2 hours to put him to sleep , but he is really liking his new bed.It looks identical to his crib , but just now a ` bed ' . The look , the style , the cost , you ca n't go wrong . Plus , you can use the crib mattress no problem as well . And using the same crib bedding , is even more of a plus as well.The bed can hold up to 50 pounds . With him now at 29 pounds , we have a long ways to go with this bed !! Plus its great for when his sister gets out of her crib , she can use it -LRB- totally gender neutral -RRB- and then it would be the right time to get him a proper big boy bed !! We did n't bother with the matching nighttable , what does a 2 yr old need a night table for anyways , besides , its not a ` forever ' bed anyways , and when the time comes to get a big boy bed , we will get all the matching furniture then.He looks so darn cute in the bed , makes it a bittersweet moment , realizing how fast he is growing up !! Also , we had no problems crossing the border with the bed . We simply told them we bought a toddler bed , had the receipt ready to show , but they let us through no problems !!
 I absolutely can not say enough good things about this toddler bed . First of all , its simply stunning , the cherry finish brings it an unsurpassed level of sophistication . The smooth lines and curves , not only look nice but relieve the concern about pointy edges.Like all toddler beds its low to the ground and since my child is a rough and tumble sleeper , I find that if I put pillows on the floor , I do n't worry about her falling on the floor , which she did the very first night but simply brushed it off and said `` I went splat on the floor '' . And has n't fallen out since she reliezed the guardrails are only at the top of the bed!Besides the beauty and nice detail was the superior ease of construction simply by looking carefully at the pictures , I found actually reading the instructions mixed me up too much . And best to have 2 people construct it together , to help hold things into place . It comes with all the screws and tools needed to set it up completely.And best of all when I lost 1 screw , I simply called customer service and they sent a whole new set of screws.Overall , top of the line , great price , fantastic looks , ease of construction , and great customer service!Now I just have to get used to her getting out of bed at will ... LOL
 I bought this Toddler bed for my 1 1/2 yr old daughter and she loves it . She even put herself down for a nap in it . It was n't too difficult to put together and it 's beautiful . It 's low enough to the ground where if she rolls out , like she does often , she could really care less.My only issue with the bed are the guard rails . I think they should be a little taller and a little longer . My daughter 's pillow is about as tall as the rails and is about 1/2 as long , which makes it easier for her to roll out of bed . Since she sleeps in about the center of the bed and flip flops some at night.Other than that I love it . I even bought the nightstand to match it .
 purchased this bed for our grandson . was impressed with the ease of assembly and quality of product .
 our daughter slept with us until she was about a year old . . we put this bed next to our own cherry sleigh bed , so cute hers looked like a little mini of ours ! she took to sleeping in the bed right away and eventually I moved it to her own room . . I love how low to the floor it is , altho she sleeps like a log and has never fallen out . . it 's easy for her to get up on her bed herself and she sits on there with her books all the time.I agree that you do need 2 people to put together !!! it 's very hard to do if you do n't have someone to hold the pieces for you.and the rails were good enough for us !
 We had the Jardine cherry crib with similar lines and colors , so this was a perfect addition to our son 's room . It goes beautifully with all of the other furniture , and when we have a second baby the crib and toddler bed will match if we choose to have them share the nursery . I also like that there is a matching nightstand available , which we may add as he gets to the age where he 'd be interested in keeping a glass of water nearby -LRB- and not just climbing on it ! -RRB- The only thing keeping this from 5 stars was that the finish did have some nicks and scratches when we opened the box . It was n't worth sending back , too much hassle and we figured our son would add his own nicks soon enough . But for a $ 99 toddler bed -LRB- there are others that are much cheaper -RRB- you expect it to arrive without these dings .
 This is a wonderful and great looking bed . My 2-year-old daughter just loves it . As far as the comment about a child getting stuck under it ??????? My daughter could n't even begin to fit unless she forced herself and she is very tiny for 2 and besides that the bed is so light she herself can move it and pick up the one end . I really do not see how it would take two people top pick it up ???????
 I have looked at many products similar to this one . The cover fits the bassinett perfectly , the color is rich and very Ecru , well constructed and looks wonderful waiting for my first Great Grandchild .
 I love this bassinet liner . It is beautifully simple and fits great . My mother-in-law gave me this bassinet with the world 's ugliest fabric . I was so sad that my beautiful little girl was going to have to sleep in something so ugly . I found this cover on amazon and was a little hesitant because the description says it has sea shells on it . It 's more like a simple scallop design that adds a little texture and is only visible up close . The bow is attached with velcro so that you can remove it for washing . My only complaint is that the velcro was kind of flimsy and the bow would n't stay on , but I just added a bigger piece and was able to change the bow to match my decor . Now my baby has a beautiful basinet -LRB- even though she rarely sleeps in it -RRB- !
 The basinett liner was very well made and very attractive , however it did not fit my older basinett that must be slightly larger than the average size . Even though measurements were given before ordering & appeared to fit my basinett , I mistook the measurements for the smaller measurements at the bottom of the bassinett rather than the top . Therefore , I returned it & my money was promptly returned .
 The bassinet skirt was a perfect fit . It made my 20 yr old bassinet look brand new ! I love the simple and beautiful classy look . It 's just what I was looking for .
 Love this basinet liner . I have an oooold basinet that belonged to my sister that suits it 's purpose but was n't as pretty anymore after so many years . This covers the entire basinet and is a beautiful , simple cover .
 I purchased this for my son . The bassinet I used didnt have the top part so I cant vouch on that part . The only thing I noticed was the bow didnt sit up right like the picture shows . It is kinda of floppy like bunny ears . I didnt used the bow for long because I had a son and bows and boys dont really go well together haha . I am sure you could tack sew the tops of the bow so it would sit nice . I did wash this product a few times . I always would hang it to dry though .
 This is a very pretty bassinet skirt and hood . I like it very much . It fits beautifully . HOWEVER , there is nothing embossed OR damask about it . The description is misleading . It is simply a white cotton skirt and liner with a stretchy smocking that enables the skirt to fit so well . The bow is velcro 'd onto the front of the skirt and hangs loosely which looks very tacky . I will be sewing it on permanently so that it stays straight . Overall I am happy with it . But I believe the description should be rewritten .
 This bassinet liner , skirt and hood are very cute ! The outside material seems a little rough and the sewing on the bow could have been done better ... However , I 'm hoping a delicate wash and a little extra stitching on the bow will help . I was given an older bassinet and it fits this perfectly and is cute enough that I do n't want to return it !
 I received a wicker bassinet as agift and wanted a way to dress it up . This liner was perfect . It looks just as pictured ! It also looks good without the hood attached . The ivory makes it able to match in almost any color decor . Definately would recommend the item ! will be using it again for my second child !
 This is a perfect for my wife 's 58 year old basinette as we get it ready to welcome our first grandchild - a boy ! We were looking for one to fit and one that was n't too frilly for our boy ! -LRB- The hood is separate and we do n't need it . -RRB-
 I received the CozyMe as a baby shower gift.Our three year old likes to sleep with it.It was great and all until I realized I could not wash the pillow.So this product is great for a cover.Plus , the Ivory color covers the red Hawaiian flower design I was not too fond of.Maybe the company purposely does this so that we spend extra money for the washable covers .
 I received the CozyMe as a baby shower gift.Our three year old likes to sleep with it.It was great and all until I realized I could not wash the pillow.So this product is great for a cover.Plus , the Ivory color covers the red Hawaiian flower design I was not too fond of.Maybe the company purposely does this so that we spend extra money for the washable covers .
 Save your time and money and try out this bottle before others ! I learned the hard way ! This is the ONLY bottle my 9 week old would take . After trying at least 10 other types of bottles/nipples/etc . and spending approximately $ 100 on bottles , this is the only bottle she would take . She 'd cry and refuse constantly until she was hungry and we introduced this bottle . The secret is in the slanted nipple with the stategically placed holes . There is nothing else like this out there , so give it a try if your breastfed baby , like mine , did n't want anything but a breast .
 My newborn is doing well with the slow-flow nipple but I wanted to switch to a BPA-free bottle . So , I bought the Born-Free 9-oz glass bottle instead , but discovered that the Born-Free nipple did not suite my baby . He would swallow too much at a time and spit up lots of milk . I ended up switching the nipple with the NUK nipple -LRB- it may not look like it would fit , but it does ! -RRB- and now it 's a perfect combination .
 Our daughter was breastfed for the first 2 1/2 months . When I had to return to work , we decided to try the bottles . She would n't take any of them . . She rejected breastflow , playtex , soothies . . After reading the reviews , we decided to buy the gerber nuk . This was a lifesaver . She loves this bottle . I pump and feed her with this majority of the time . She still breasfeeds as well , which helps maintain my milk supply . This is a true lifesaver . I had lost all hope and now I could n't be happier :-RRB- Be sure to give it a try if you 're struggling to start a bottle !!!
 I am very impressed with these bottles . Most bottles today claim to support breastfeeding and I have tried them all . I had an extremley hard time breastfeeding my son . The benefits of breastmilk are worth more than anything to me and my son . After 2 weeks with this bottle , my son had learned how to suck properly -- and had a much improved latch , allowing us to breastfeed and allowing my husband to bottle feed when I 'm away . They seem to help keep him on track with breastfeeding and are easy for him to bottle feed with . Give these bottles a try !
 I would not say this is a `` perfect '' bottle , but it is better than all the others I 've tried . Our 2 month old was very colicky in the beginning , so we tried Playtex Vent Aire b/c of all the things we heard . I kept the bottles for the past 2 months , but after only 2 weeks the discs started leaking . I went around and around w/Playtex on the phone , first they said I did n't boil them long enough , then that it was the powdered formula that should n't be shaken in the bottles , etc. , etc. . They did send me new discs and I tried doing everything exactly the way they said , but we still had constant problems w/them leaking . The only good thing about them was that no liquid would leak out at all -LRB- due to the vacuum -RRB- unless the baby is actively sucking . Fed up with the leaking next we tried 2 different kinds of drop in liner bottles . These were convenient -LRB- except for the cost to keep replacing the liners -RRB- but when tilted down the milk would quickly drip out of the nipples , much faster than my baby could drink . As a last resort we tried these NUK type ... and they are by far the best ! Nothing will leak out of the nipples unless you hold the bottle completely vertical . Some milk does tend to leak out of my baby 's mouth , so that part is not as good as the vent aire , but , a bib around his neck takes care of the problem , and I would much rather deal with that then with leaking bottles on my dresser and in my diaper bag !
 We like them . My daughter also like the PLaytex Ventaire , but we wanted bigger , faster flow bottles eventually , and tried these . She swallows a little more air with these , and it was a little hard to get used to finding the `` up '' side , but now they are easy . We will be switching again soon , however , so she can start holding it herself . These will not work because of the `` up '' side .
 I use the Dr. Browns bottles which are great . However , I started experimenting with other bottles because of the many parts to clean with the Dr. Brown 's . I will say that with any bottle , I think the baby decides if he/she likes the nipple . So many times you read that someones baby either dribbles , spits up , sucks air , etc. but I believe all babies are different.My son and daughter both like the standard nipple . Neither liked the nipple that is wide at the base . Their lips would try to go around the whole thing and then they would suck air at the sides of their mouth.With that said ... my son did not suck air through the sides of his mouth with these bottles . However , he is a very strong sucker and he would make the small nipple collapse so he could not get any milk out after about 12 sucks or so . Then he -LRB- or I -RRB- would need to release him from the nipple , at which point a air would go in through the nipple and you would see all of the bubbles rise through the milk.He is 7 weeks old . I then tried the medium nipple . This nipple flows too fast for him right now . But , then again , he is a very strong sucker , so it may not flow fast for other babies . He sucks so hard , he would get a mouthful of milk and swallow it all with some extra air . I do think if he gets used to the milk coming out faster and if he then stops sucking as hard , he will be good with these bottles.They are very easy to clean , cute and functional . The Dr. Brown 's bottles are better , but have many parts to clean - 5 compared to 3 -LRB- and one of the 5 is a tube that needs a special instrument to clean -RRB- .
 I have been trying to get my 14 month old daughter on milk so I can stop breastfeeding . She has been giving me such a hard time . Wo n't take even full breastmilk from Avent bottles , a variety of sippy cups or through a straw . Then I tried this bottle ... since she still uses the Nuk pacifiers . Wow ... she has not only accepted the bottle but she also accepted whole milk in it . Give this bottle a try ... especially if you breastfeed your baby !
 My son liked the nuk nipples and that 's all he would use . This design is even better than the first because his mouth doesnt cover the entire nipple . This is the newer version of the nuk nipple , they kept it the same shape which is GREAT but they made sure it fits so that you could switch back and forth between the bottle and breatsfeeding . I highly recommend this product !
 My son had trouble with bottles ... either too slow or too fast flowing ... but he loves these bottles . Having the nipple flow upwards helps his sucking better , and it is comfortable on his gums . Works for formula or juice .
 I like those botlles after passing thru a lot of bottles those and the drop ins are far the best for my baby she likes to drink from them the nipple is soft and is perfecr for breastfed , the only thing is that the cap is not on the hole to prevent the nipple to drop milk so always hold upright and not upside down . : - -RRB-
 I recieved the item promptly and efficiently . The item was as advertised . There were little issues with certain parts -LRB- the hole in the nipple for ventalation was n't peirced all the way and some of the little caps make the lid leak -RRB- but those are manufacture errors and not the seller . So all is as it should have been . THANK YOU !
 It was a very fast delivery for the product ; although shipping charges were too high . Thank you .
 After having our fourth child , she was having a hard time drinking without it running down her chin . Also , she was very fussy and had alot of gas . We decided to try this bottle with the ortho . nipple and have loved it . She has a tight seal around the nipple , no leakage and her gas has improved . LOVE IT !
 i needed these botttles for my little niece and i had a hard time finding them . i am really grateful . thanks very much
 My son has been using dr brown bottles for 6 weeks now , he has horrible colic , gas and belly issues so i figured that was best . All the pieces in the dr brown bottles drove me nuts cleaning constantly !! My son loves the nuk Paci so I bought these and he loves them ! I have no idea what others issue is with the nipple its very obvious which side goes into the baby 's mouth ha . . Seriously people ? And he has a hard suck the nipple never collapses in his mouth , and the air vent system works great ! What I love the most is the formula does not drip all over his face like other bottles . I do wish the actual bottle was bpa free .
 my breast fed baby loves these as well . for travel , you need to use the disc to prevent leaks . great bottle
 The Gerber Nuk Orthodontic bottles are cute , and overall well designed . Initially , the nipples on the bottle may be difficult to figure out which way to put in your baby 's mouth . We quickly learned that the hole in the nipple should be on the roof of the baby 's mouth -LRB- if you see the vent hole pointing up towards your baby 's nose , you got the nipple hole in the correct direction -RRB- . The bottles are easy to clean , and are shaped short and wide , thus allowing our daughter to easily hold it by herself with both hands without tipping over.My one gripe with the bottle is that because the nipple hold placement is on the side of a nipple as opposed to directly on the top , if you shake the bottle with formula in it , the formula leak out , even with the cap on ! We learned this the hard way when absent mindedly tossing a full bottle into a backpack , and it tipped over sideways ! If you 're conscientious about keeping your bottles upright , you wont have a problem . Also , you will need to either use your finger to block the hole when mixing formula , or use a spoon . Most people will most likely overlook this one inconvenience , as having an easier time feeding your baby trumps over all.The 5-ounce bottle set comes with the slow flow nipples . The 8-ounce bottles come with medium flow nipples . For those who think these bottles are too expensive , often Gerber sends out coupons that include $ 3 off any Nuk Bottle . At Target , these bottles are generally priced around $ 5 per bottle for either the 5 - or 8-ounce size . The fast flow nipples are sold separately.Outside of the bottle cap leaking problem , I would recommended this bottle to my new mommy friends ! Recommended !
 We started off with Dr. Browns for my second son and he was very fussy . We switched over to NUK and my son LOVES them . I love the . They are easy to clean and I love the fact that the nipple is on the side . i would recommend this bottle to anyone .
 I love the wide neck design - easier for cleaning , dumping in pumped milk and mixing formula . They are the only bottles I have found that come with the orthodontic style nipples AND they come with the little discs that make the collar a closed lid . My ONLY complaint is that even the medium-flow nipples are too slow for my son -LRB- 3 months old -RRB- . I am not sure he is ready to go to the fast-flow since they only come in size 2.Follow-up
 The Zanzibar quilt has the most beautiful animal designs using bright but not shocking colors , arranged in a pleasing pattern . I only wish it came in a twin size . I will incorporate it into a larger quilt when my son moves into his big-boy bed . He loves animals and his room is a jungle animal theme , including most of the Zanzibar accessories . It is well made from soft and durable materials .
 I got this set as a gift , but it did not have the quilt , when I was able to find it on line , the color , texture and quality was right on the money .
 I bought this for my best friend 's baby . It is such a cute present . I love it . It 's also a great part of the decoration of the baby 's room . I love it .
 This is fantastic for holding all of the `` little '' things that you will accummulate whilst having a baby/child in your car . It 's not meant to hold things that are too heavy , but does a great job keeping our backseat super organized and clean !!!
 We bought this anticipating that organizing would be a good thing with a toddler . The various cups , activities , toys , and food and clothing requirements are made much easier with something that you can separate and see and a glance . No longer does everything have to go in a bag that you have to dig through with one hand while driving with the other . It is a great item to have and seems to hold up well . It also helps protect the seat from scuffs and kicks when he is getting in and out of the vehicle . It appears that it will hold up well . It looks like it will at at this point .
 I have an 8 & a 10 year old and their seats in the car had become a landfill -LRB- or so it seemed -RRB- . With the purchase of two of these organizers ... I can see the floor , they do n't ask for pens/pencils/bottle of water/book/their DS/etc . They have it organized and have taken a bit of pride in their clean , organized back seat . There are plenty of pockets to fit all kinds of trinkets and treats . Easy installation and removal for cleaning .
 Bought this just for basic things that I hated throwing in my glove box . It 's nice if you 're usually driving alone too cause I twist it around so it 's in the passengers seat so that way I can put my sun glasses and phone , etc in it . Really nice : -RRB-
 The product itself works well and keeps all of my sons things organized.My only gripe was that when I opened the item , there were dead bugs smushed inside the item and white spots of mold .
 It 's got a variety of compartments and is sturdy . What else can I say ? Works well .
 Great item ! I purchased this for Christmas present for my Grandkiddos parents . This item will make driving on vacations and short run around car rides easier , hopefully .
 Worked well on a long trip in the car with a 2 yr old . Able to have some organization .
 this works awesome , holds 2 drinks , has a toy pocket and 2 smaller pockets ... . very good :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :P : D
 Mine arrived well packaged , but had weird white spots on it ... they came right off with a baby wipe though . I think it might have been oil spots from the machinery it was made on , but it looked like mold ! Installation was easy , but the string that ties the bottom edge to my seat back does n't seem to want to stay tied . Still works fine , though , and looks nice .
 We bought one for each of our cars and we love them . Kids come with so much extra stuff -LRB- pacifiers , bottles , toys , snacks , etc. -RRB- so it 's nice to get everything off the floor and seats . My only complaint is that they do n't really fit the seats in our SUV that well .
 If you like to be prepared for anything , but also like to keep your car neat and tidy , then this is the thing for you ! Wish I had gotten it 3 years earlier when my first child was born ! The bonus is that it protects your back seat from footprints too . This is key to keeping our light colored leather seats looking good through the car seat years .
 Not only is this storage for many take-along items , but it keeps dirtyshoes off of the seat back !
 I bought this to protect the back of my car seat and as a place for my 6 year old to store things during a long car trip . So far so good . It fit the car seat no problem and stays in place . I have n't put too many things in it yet , but there are lots of varied pockets to choose from when I do .
 Always looking of tools to organize my life and this really came in handy ! Having a mid-sized vehicle and 3 girls we often have huge messes so this helped to keep snacks , lotion , dental flossers , hair brushes etc. in for the morning trips to school when they forget to do everything they need to make themselves the beautiful little divas they are !
 I bought a new car and bought two of these Diono organizers to primarily cover the back of the seat to protect from my young children who like to kick up their heels in the car and also to organizer snacks and toys for each child . These were very inexpensive yet were just perfect . The material is strong and the pockets were just right .
 Nice size with good pouches . I gave it 4 instead of 5 b/c it does not stay tight against the seat !
 these are cheap but okay quality . Ca n't imagine how can it not fit on the back of any front seat , unless your front seat does n't have an adjustable head rest such as a racing car seat . There are many pockets , very useful for holding water bottle or other small items such as little toys to distract your kids while putting them in the car seat .
 Irish it had the snap buckle closures , instead it 's got a string on the bottom & Velcro attachment on top . Still fits well if our can get string tight prior to tying . Like the pockets in it , thinking of getting another one cuz like pockets so much .
 not very happy , it has a lot of compartments and pockets which is very useful but somehow can fit well into the back of the seat , it has a hollow space and does n't completely `` touch '' the back of the seat , maybe that 's what it is supposed to do but on the photo of the product it was shown differently .
 Bought this to protect the back of the car seat from little feet , and it does the trick . Nice assortment of pockets and pouches to store toys and treats , easy to mount and stays in place . Great value for the money !
 When I saw this , I thought , FANTASTIC ! I travel on planes with my radian carseat , and also am a member of a community carshare , so I have to carry it , and my child/stroller to and from the car each time . I had been using an over the shoulder strap , but the Radian is heavy , and it was very uncomfortable.This backpack works well , in that it puts the weight on the two shoulders , as it should . However , the straps hook onto the main bag on a D-ring behind your neck , with big plastic hooks . These hooks grate on your neck/back vertebrae . Badly placed . There must be many other comfortable ways to attach the straps to the main body.The bag only fits the Radian one way , as it is totally fitted to the Radian 's shape . No loose space , no manouvrability . It fits well , but exactly , which is a hassle when dealing with putting it on and taking it off quickly on planes and transferring from car to stroller . Extra space would allow to put some other items into it as well
 We have owned the seat and the bag for about a year now -LRB- bought in 2009 -RRB- and we fly quite a bit . The bag has a couple of small holes , but straps and zipper remain intact and we LOVE the compactness . However , I just bought our 2nd Sunshine seat for baby # 2 and saw these reviews for the bag and realize that maybe we just lucked out . Thank you for all who posted . I do n't think I will chance our luck again . Perhaps they have fixed the problem , but I will head to Wal-mart and find a sturdy duffel bag , like one reviewer suggested .
 We 've had this travel bag for well over a year and have used it on airlines over half a dozen times ... it 's still in GREAT shape ! I thought for sure that it would have torn somewhere by now but it has n't . Other than being a little dirty it 's in like-new condition .
 We bought this car seat carry case when we purchased the Radian Car Seat . We love both . The seat and the bag make it much easier to travel with the seat and it withstood an international flight quite well.It was easy to put the car seat in and easy to take out .
 I shipped these to my sister and she loved it . The interchangeable ribbon is a great plus and they are reasonable with great quality ! Great buy !
 These little bags come in real handy when you need to dispose of your diapers.The refills are small enough to fit in anywhere -LRB- handbag , car , diaper-bag , ... really anywhere -RRB- . Everyone , who has ever smelled a nasty diaper , knows to betterdispose of it very quickly . These bags are perfect .
 I love these bags !! They block the smell great . The only thing I wish is that they would sell them in a box of 50 or so to keep at the changing station . Maybe they do and I just ca n't find them I would snatch them up in a second if they were sold that way !!
 I would n't leave home without these . They are great . I have them in my diaper bag and in each of our cars . They are great and smell proof !!
 Changing Table
 I love this changing table . It 's sizable which allows for lots of storage space on the shelf and in the roller bin . It only took my husband and I about an hour to put it together . One minor annoyance was that one of the bolts was damaged and we could n't complete the assembly on the roller bin until we made a trip to home depot to get a replacement piece . Sometimes I find the wheels scrape the floor but it 's possible that due to our assembly . I would recommend this table . It 's beautiful , practical and holds heaps of stuff .
 I wo n't pay $ 150 for this , but for $ 70 it 's great . It will do the intended job . The size is perfect and the design is functional . I like the shelf and most of all the bin . Yes , it is not the greatest quality but what is these days . I did not expect anything more for the price I paid . I think it will hold up just fine . The color is a little darker than expected , but it 's no big deal . And I can see the sides getting scratched up where the bin goes in and out . I would of given it a 5 if it were n't for some of the negative things mentioned above . Overall , I think it 's perfect and am very pleased . Lastly , I purchased this through Baby Age and shipping was very fast -LRB- 3 days from day ordered to day received with standard shipping -RRB- .
 We purchased this changing table to compliment our Bedroom furniture . The table is sturdy and has an open shelf to store baby clothing/accessories . I also really like the fact that this table has a large capacity storage bin underneath that pulls out . In this bin , you can store bulky baby items ... like jumbo packs of diapers , extra wipes , etc. . And it is nice to have everything in one unit but also have those big items at hand but out-of-sight .
 Cardinal Gates ' Clear Panel Gate is simply fantastic . While this is a plastic paneled gate , the frame , locking mechanism and wall mounts are made from sturdy metal . The Clear Panel Gate mounts to walls so there is no bottom bar to step over . Instead , the gate is permanently attached to brackets that mount on both sides of a walkway . The adjustable gate can potentially cover a large area , stretching out to over 41 inches of width . Purchase of an extension piece adds an additional foot . At almost thirty inches , the Clear Panel Gate is tall when compared to comparable products . While the locking mechanism is easy for adults to operate , it is adequately child resistant as the entire structure is sturdy enough to resist the assertive efforts of young children and large animals . Given the plexigrass panels , a gate that is mounted lower to the floor will even stop the passage of smaller animals such as rabbits and some cats . Between the white and black models , the attractive design will match most home decors . When the mount latch is installed , the gate is limited to opening in one direction . The difficulty of the installation is moderate ; the directions could be clearer . Fortunately , installation of this gate can be very forgivable given that the wall brackets do n't have to be parallel or level . This dynamic makes this gate an excellent choice for tricky situations . There are two potential drawbacks to the Clear Panel Gate . First , there is an inaccessible area of the gate . It exists between the inside of the extendible halves . Within this area , it is extremely difficult to remove the initial layer of protective film . Beyond this , the inaccessible area is impossible to clean which is a drawback given reside from the manufacturing process . The other issue has to do with a lack of wall anchors . The gate comes with all required screws and an Allen wrench to install the product into a wooden banister at the top of stairs . Ultimately , the wise consumer will discard the accompanying screws and purchase additional screws with compatible anchors before installing the gate into dry wall . All in all , Cardinal Gates ' Clear Panel Gate is a very sturdy gate that will accommodate years of abuse from both youngsters and animals .
 I purchased this gate -LRB- black metal -RRB- to keep my rescue dog out of my family room , where I have my cats ' food and litter box . I wanted a gate that would be easy for my cats to slip under and that would be attractive , too . This gate meets those requirements . If you are mounting it for a cat to slip under , note that the bottom of the gate extends below the mounting bracket ; measure from the bottom of the gate , not the bottom of the bracket . The mounting instructions are very detailed and clear . However , the instructions do not tell you that there is an up side and a down side to the gate . I put it on upside down , and had to remove and reattach . There also is a front side and a back side to the gate , so study the whole gate carefully before you put it up . The latch is tricky ; it is supposed to confuse kids , and it sure confused me ! Be sure you latch the gate securely , or it can easily be popped open . My dog did that , before I figured out how to latch the gate . You can open and close the latch with one hand , once you understand how it works . The gate swings both ways -LRB- unless you add the extra piece to prevent that -RRB- and when open the doorway is its normal width , unlike the traditional metal baby gates which allow only a narrow passage . All in all , I am very happy with this gate and would give it five stars if the latch were easier to work .
 We currently have two of these , one each for the top and bottom of the stairs . So far , it 's the most robust design -LRB- as long as it 's properly anchored -RRB- I 've seen firsthand of the `` top of the stair '' gates , and the one I 'd most trust to keep my 2-year-old son from finding his way onto the stairs without supervision . No amount of rattling , kicking , hitting , ramming , etc. from even the strongest toddler is likely to break the frame on this thing . Yet the clear plastic panels are quite thin -LRB- maybe 1/8 '' or less -RRB- , although they are made of a slightly flexible -LRB- not brittle -RRB- plastic and should withstand a fairly strong impact.And , importantly , the latch is rather clever
 I was very surprised at the quality of this gate . It cost a little more than I wanted to pay for a pet gate but my dogs kept tearing up all the other type gates I had . I decided to try this one and have been extremely please at the quality of construction , the easy installation , and the simple open/close feature.I 'm just sorry I did n't buy it before now .
 ... what can I say ... Online , these baskets looked adorable and the review was a good one . Imagine my disappointment when I opened them up at my baby shower ... As I pulled them out of the bos , chips of white paint came falling out of the baskets like snow !!! -LRB- Same goes for the matching hamper ! -RRB- Also , the quality of the liners is pretty shabby ... Expect the seams on the liners to be frayed , uneven , and single-stitched . If they had cost less , I would n't have been so disappointed in the quality . They are still very cute from a distance , just be forewarned about the quality !
 I bought these baskets for storage . One is in my dresser/changing table holding some of my diapers . The other is in my daughters bathroom holding her towels and washclothes . I like these baskets a lot . But you can get them for less money at trgt , about 5-10 dollars less .
 I registerd for these online and got them as a gift at my shower . They are very handy to keep baby `` things '' in . I store the necessities in these -LRB- powder , wipes , etc. -RRB- and keep them under the changing table . There are times that I have to search for what I am looking for because these are so big . It 's almost like everything that I put in them gets lost ! These baskets are better suited for storing toys and larger iteams . However , with that said they are a good addition to any nursery !
 Love the baskets ! They are a nice size for storing blankets , toys , anything you need !
 I looked all over for baskets until I came across these.I considered buying the more expensive version but I am glad I did n't . They are very big and fit perfect on my changing table . I use them to hold bibs and blankets . I am very pleased with them !!
 I have a whole bunch of these . I used them to organize my daughter 's closet . What an adorable product ! Very Pleased .
 I think these baskets are great . I have 4 of them stocked on my changing table . I have them filled with diapers , receiving blankets , bibs , burp cloths , bath supplies , etc. . All of it is easily accessible and they look adorable . I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 only because the first set that I bought I had to fix . Be careful with the ties on the liners . The ties on one of mine broke as I was trying to tie the bow . Our Babies R Us hardly ever has them in stock so instead of returning it and waiting for more to come in , I had to restring the tie through the liner and sew it back together . A little bit of work but I am still happy with my purchase overall .
 They fit everything I need them to in my nursery - and look adorable on my changing table !
 These are really cute . They are very big . Too big that they would n't fit on the shelves I wanted them on . I had to return them . If you have a deep wide spot to put them you will love them . I found this smaller & love it .
 I received two of these baskets at my babyshower . I just love them . The pink matches the decor of the room , Girl obviously . I am wanting to get two more to put on the bottom shelf . They help with extra storage , and make the changing table look much nicer .
 I just love these ! I keep them on the shelf in my son 's closet with all of his `` extras '' in them ... socks , ointments , bibs , etc. . They hide clutter and keep things organized . Everyone should have a set !
 These baskets are great . I first had bought a more expensive set but ended up taking them back when i seen these . The white matches my daughters furniture . I ended up ordering 2 sets in pink and then for my son i ordered 1 set in blue . I keep things like extra diapers and wipes . Onesies , blankets , towels , wash clothes , dirty cloth . They each have their own baskets in their bathroom for bathtime with their towels , cloths , lotions , soaps and toys . They will come in VERY handy for when we can use them to store their toys in when they become more active . They store GREAT in the bathroom closet and also a perfect fit on the changing table . They would also fit perfect under the crib .
 It dresses up the changing table and is large enough to put toys in it for storage .
 This hamper is way more than I was expecting , I love it!It 's big enough for babies clothes and strong.I recomend it .
 I received this hamper today . There were no paint chips at all . It looks great in the nursery , and is larger than I expected that it would be .
 I received two hampers from my baby shower ... I love this one ! It so much bigger than the other one . I know that this one will be more convenient for me to use , because I 'll be able to fit more clothes in it , so I wo n't be constantly doing laundry & the blue & white bag , that comes with it , is removable , so it 's convenient to carry . This hamper could always be used . I think it will last me a long time.I would buy this hamper for anyone that 's having a baby ... mine also came with a lot of other must haves inside ... so it 's great to give as a gift !
 I love this hamper . It looks pretty in my daughter 's nursery and unless you are totally lazy it is not hard to lift the top off to put in or take out clothes ! It is also sturdy and is good quality . It is the perfect size hamper for a nursery !
 I love this hamper ! I bought it because it looks so nice and matches the two wicker storage baskets I have in my baby ` s room . The hamper looks really pretty and I use it all the time . It is so much better than to go to the laundry room with every dirty outfit . It is big and can hold a few loads of laundry . Overall , it is a great buy . I am glad I got it . it is well worth its $ 35 ! Looks very nice and does its job perfectly ! Highly recommended !
 I LOVE THIS HAMPER !! I registered for this hamper on-line but absolutely loved it when I saw it in person ! It completes my baby 's room and looks great . It is a nice size as well , with a removable/washable inner lining . Over-all , this is a perfect gift that you can fit a lot of clothes in !! A + + + + + I recommend this to all !!
 I registered for this hamper and received it as a gift when my son was born , he is now 19 months . It is the perfect size for his room and looks adorable . The paint has never chipped and it still looks like the day I took it out of the box ! Trust me it gets plenty of use going between his room and the laundry room ! Love it so much I have registerd for the pink one for my daughter on the way !
 I requested and received this Basket as a shower gift and just love it . It completes my son 's nursery very well and is so convenient with the removable lining . With just a quick lining change it can be updated to a little boy 's room for continued use for a very long time . Great gift !
 I purchased this hamper as a baby shower gift for my sister . It also served as the wishing well at the shower . I decorated it with bows and curly ribbon and foil helium balloons . The hamper is beautiful and it is a full size hamper . It is not real small like other baby hampers , which to me are too small especially when you could easily change a baby 3 times a day . This is the perfect size and comes with a gingham washable liner bag . It is something that can be used for a very long time and not only limited to the nursery , it looks good in anyones bedroom or bathroom ...
 i am pleased with this purchase . this is a nice sized bin ... used for laundry and occassionally as a toy basket . i love that the liner is washable . this is a sweet addition to my baby 's nursery and will work well as she grows older , too .
 FYI - JCPenney sells this for more money and you have to buy the liner separate -LRB- interesting profit booster , eh ? -RRB- . Buy it here and save yourself some money . It 's a nice hamper and so fitting for a daughter . : -RRB-
 This hamper has been great so far and looks wonderful in the nursery . No paint has chipped off and it is pretty sturdy . I 'm giving it 4 stars because the liner is difficult to put on and take off .
 The sheets look great . It 's a very nice looking sheet - we find this DwellStudio sheet is better looking than Stokke 's options , especially if you want something that is aesthetically pleasing and not specific to the baby 's sex nor plain . The sheet comes folded in a nice cloth pouch which makes it great for a gift . After several washes , the sheet has not shrunk on us -LRB- or not to a point that it has detectably affected our ability to put it on the mattress -RRB- .
 I have used this food mill to make gallons of pear butter , to puree roast veggies for cream of veggie soup , fluffy mashed potatoes , and am super pleased with how easy it is to clean compared to other foodmills I have used
 My wife said that it worked every well.she has used it a couple time that I know of and is happy with it
 Great for making the best mashed potatoes ever.Extra blades are very helpful , and a new addition from older models .
 It does exactly what I expected of it . Made out of stainless steel and seems very sturdy and should give many years service .
 Arrived on time as advertised.I used one of these to make potato dumplings one time.I have found these very useful .
 i really enjoy this produce just for the creamy mashed potatoes it makes . no mess and divine every time . also enjoy the homemade applesauce . i look forward to other ways of using this product . very easy to use and clean .
 Appears to be as shown . I have not had a chance to use yet . Was shipped very quickley . I should enjoy for the holidays
 My wife said it worked very good for her first time canningAnd for other jobs she does in the kitchen
 This item was promptly delivered . The heavy-duty stainless construction should last a lifetime . A comfortable wooden handle is secured by an outer stainless handle to the bowl . Three included disks -LRB- fine , medium , coarse -RRB- install quickly . A large , rotating , stainless steel knob on the operating handle fits the palm and makes for easy operation . Appearance is certainly nice enough to hang in the open.With an eight-inch diameter and approximately 2-1/2 quart bowl , the size seems right for preparing meals for 1 - 8 . Those preparing a gallon or more at a time may want a larger mill .
 I use this to make tomato sauce . It strains the seeds out of the tomatoes for a sweet sauce
 Love it , love it , love it ... Had had another brand years ago . One of those items you wonder what ever happened to it . Looked into buying another , but the price was outrageous . So checked into this one , and so very happy that I had . Love the option of the 3 discs . And the ease of assembly , it 's a snap . No screws of any kind , just snap it together , and you are ready to go . Need to change disc ? just as easy to snap one out , pop the other in . Quick rinse and scrub brush , and ready for the next usage . If I had owned one of these first , would never have even thought of the ` other ' brand first.highly recommended if you need a food mill .
 I am happy with this machine and it works to perfection . I like that it comes with multiple blades and does a great job on tomatoes .
 I had a lot of apples to use up and could n't face peeling them all . This food mill was exactly what I needed - I just cut and cored the apples , boiled them , put them through the food mill and had some delicious applesauce to show for it - without peeling a single apple !
 This mill is easy to use . It 's easy to clean . The only thing that I would change would be the wooden handle . If not for that handle , I would throw all the pieces into the dishwasher .
 Very nice ricer for the price . Large enough to handle 2 cups of vegetables all at once . Clean up is easy as long as you do it immediately after use . Pretty heavy constuction , expect it to last for quite awhile .
 Had some apples that I had just picked from the back yard and thought I would give food mill a test on making some applesauce . I was very pleased with its ease of use and consistancy of the sauce that it produced . Clean up of this food mill is simple and easy . It is well constructed and I believe it will last for many years .
 Not much to say here . It is a food mill , works well , nice handle , and made gnocci the first day . Just make sure to have your fruits and veges very soft and stir away to make juice , riced potatoes , or whatever else you are making .
 I have always made applesauce the hard way - wash , peel , core , cut , & cook . Life became too busy to take that kind of time anymore but I still wanted to make applesauce for my family . I finally decided to purchase the RSVP Endurance Stainless Steel Food Mill to hopefully cut my kitchen time significantly . This eliminated the peeling which is the lengthiest step involved for me . This mill cut my time by at least a third . It worked as I had hoped . The mill seems sturdy and well made . It held a large amount of apples , turned smoothly , made a nice consistency sauce and cleaned up easily . I would highly recommend this food mill .
 This is a great product . We have actually used the product prior to writing this review , so hopefully the review will be helpful . The product has been used for the most perfect mashed potatoes for both Thanksgiving and Christmas -LRB- use the largest blade -RRB- . It has also been used to make home canned hot sauce . Using the smallest blade the mill perfectly removed all pepper and tomato seeds and all of the tomato skins , as well . No need to boil and skin tomatoes again . The stainless finish is a breeze to clean and the mill looks great on the `` gadget shelf '' . It is a bit easier to mill the foods with a partner to help hold the mill steady while turning the handle if milling into a large pot or bowl , but using a small pot seemed to alleviate the problem .
 I have been looking for one of these for quite a while and when I got this one was very happy that I ordered it . I like the 3 different blade sizes , which you do n't get with most food mills I 've seen . It 's sturdy and well made and is an excellant mill for the money . Would recommend to everyone .
 It is a great product . It has a simple design , but works well . The heavy duty stainless steel construction will last for a long time . .
 I am not a professional chef and this is my first food mill . That said , it works great and is built from quality materials .
 The construction is solid . With pits from fruits , you will need to manually pick them out as you go along , which is true for all mills . No negatives that I can think of .
 I was very happy with this food mill . Works well and delivery was very fast .
 Just received my RSVP food mill and used it to get jelly juice from passionfruit/lilikoi . It worked perfectly on a very hard task . Because the juice with seeds is so fibrous , I used the blender for about 6 seconds , poured it in the mill and it worked through with just a few turns.I do n't know who would n't like it . I got 3 quarts of juice from 4 quarts of fruit insides ! Took me 2 hours before !
 I use this product for baby food and canning in the fall . Very easy to use and assemble . It is really heavy duty which I love and super easy to clean , which I also love ! I beleive if you care properly for this item -LRB- no dishwasher -RRB- it could last you a lifetime .
 This is a great food mill . I have used it a lot and it always does a good job for me .
 I used to watch my Mother use this on soups and other items . What a useful tool for pureed soup without the mess and peelings . Works Great . Thanks
 I really like the fact that this food mill has interchangeable plates for different consistencies for the food that you making be it applesauce , potatoes , squash or anything else . I have yet to try the fine plate for making raspberry jelly but ca n't wait to try it . I think it was prices just right . . RSVP Endurance Stainless Steel Food MillI found a food mill in my area for more than what I paid for this . Even with shipping this one was a much better deal in that it had the interchangeable plates.I would reccommend this to all my friends
 I like the 3 disk . It gives texture to different foods . I got it so I could do better canning , apple sauce , tommatoes juice , etc. . I wish I would have gotten it sooner .
 I finally broke down and invested in a good food mill . I am so happy with this one . Easy to assemble and clean up . I use mine to make apple butter . I would highly recommend this product . : -RRB-
 Mother-in-law showed me hers , and I had to have one . I am quite happy with it , as it saves me a lot of time and effort , especially when making mashed potatoes or hash browns . Well made and pretty sturdy . Great bargain , in my opinion .
 Delivery was prompt . Easy to install blades and clean up a snap . All in all very satisfied with this purchase . Would highly recommend this product .
 This food mill helps make soups fabulous . Forget using the blender or immersion blender ! Fast shipping a bonus !
 I have been making applesauce for the freezer each fall for many years , using a food mill that was ancient . It was aluminum , small but worked OK . I bought this RSVP Endurance Stainless Steel Food Mill for my daughter . We were so pleased with the size , -LRB- it will hold a 3 # bag of Macintosh cooked apples -RRB- the look , the beautiful quality , how it worked and the price . Because it is very deep , you will need a taller bowl for the mill to sit on . I decided I had to have one too and it just arrived . Tomorrow I will be making applesause and cranberry sauce . Excellent high quality useful item . The shipping was very fast , for both orders .
 Got the Foley Foodmill as a gift for my daughter . We have had food mills for many years but this one is superior . The stainless product is easier to clean and easier to use than the older models . Very pleased with my purchase . Deliverytime was within a few days -- another plus for this transaction .
 I just received this mill in the mail-It is VERY heavy duty and will come in handy when juicing pomegranates . It is attractive and ergonomically friendly -- I 'm glad I picked this one !
 I was skeptical about buying any food mill after all the negative reviews . I 'd never used a food mill before but I 'm a novice canner and need some of the equipment the pros use to make a sometimes long and tedious job a little easier . I settled on this one because it had LESS negative reviews than the others and I 'm glad I did . This machine is awesome . I crushed grapes for jelly and made applesauce using this mill . It is easy to assemble , easy to disassemble and easy to clean . It chewed up everything I put in it and spit it out effortlessly . I 'm hooked . I realize I may have to get a bigger one the more I get into canning but for right now , this will do . Some of the reviews for the other mills complained about a sweeper arm on the bottom to remove the pulp . This mill does not have a sweeper arm but it was n't any problem . Food did not collect on the bottom and fell freely into the bowl . If you are not a heavy duty canner and just need a small device to get you started or if you 're only one person like me and only need something small then this will do just fine . Canning is really time consuming but it is exciting and well worth the effort to me . I know what 's in my food and I know how long it 's been on my shelf . But I also want to share my creations . This handy dandy gadget allows me to do that a little easier.UPDATE
 I wanted a durable , stainless steel food mill for straining Elderberries for jam . The price was reasonable for this one , especially considering how well-made it is . I compared it to one at Bed Bath & Beyond and not only was this one better quality , it was also less expensive . It works great . Allows enough seeds and pulp to strain through to make really rich , delicious jam . It 's also easy to clean .
 This was a gift for my daughter who used it to process lots and lots of apples from my tree to make applesauce . She loves it and says it `` works great . '' It is much less expensive than the top rated stainless steel food mill and is apparently a bargain .
 I love cooking with roasted chilis , but HATE the work it takes to remove the seeds and skins . It takes me 30 minutes to work one small can of chipotles through a fine mesh strainer . By comparison , this food mill did it in 5 minutes with the fine strainer disk . There was almost no waste , and cleanup took just a moment too . Hurrah!I chose this product over both a chinois and stand mixer food strainer attachment because 1 -RRB- it 'll be far less awkward to store than a chinois , 2 -RRB- it comes with coarse , medium and fine strainer disks so it 's like having three chinois ' , and 3 -RRB- it 's alot sturdier than the expensive Kitchen Aid food strainer attachments , which are said to split when overstressed . This food mill is well priced at ~ $ 35 . I 'll be giving it as a gift in future .
 We can tomato juice and have always milled by hand . 100 quarts of juice later my wife and I were very impressed . Does not get as much of the pulp as we like , but a heck of alot easier .
 I really like this product before I used it for canning tomatoes or rather one like it not as heavy just a cheap one but this one is great for all uses . . I like it for riceing the potatoes .
 I have only used it once so far . But I was pleased . I need a bit more practice , though .
 Thesw bottles r v nice their Lid prevents leakage and also they r compatible with enfamilNipples that my baby can take only
 I always like to stock up on bottles for my granddaughter so i purchased a few of these great bottles for the price .
 I buy this as a shower gift for all new moms . They all rave about how much easier feeding and tending to baby is with this product .
 I disagree with the reviewer that said this was of poor quality . It is a slipcover , similar to a pillow case - do pillow cases completely protect the pillow from drool and other things ? Of course not . This takes the ordinary Boppy pillow and makes it a lot more comfy for mommy -LRB- or daddy -RRB- and baby . It is so soft and we love it !! Just throw it in the laundry when dirty and it 'll come out like new .
 Super soft and easy to clean ! Ca n't live without it !
 This is so soft and so pretty . My toddler even wants one for herself . Even quality and comfiness is important to you get this !
 The Boppy is a great pillow and can be used for so many things . We love it and the new Luxe covers are great -- very soft and they wash well , too . Get yourself a Boppy and get a few covers for back-up ! This is a must have for new moms !
 I absolutely love this slipcover it is twice as soft as the Boppy itself and is so easy to put on or take off . You just take it off throw in the wash machine . Its wonderful .
 I registered for this pink slipcover as well as the boppy pillow with the clouds cover . From what I 've read , the fleece cloud covering zips off and can be washed . So I figured while that one is in the wash , I can use this pink one . Never thought of putting it over the cloud cover.Am I missing something ??
 This is a beautiful cover for the boppy pillow . So soft and luxurious feeling . I used it for several months without a spare and washed it every few days . And yet it is still in like-new condition ! Wonderful item , now that I am expecting again , I am buying another one just like it . : -RRB-
 This makes the boppy 100 times nicer . It is soft and wonderful .
 I registered for this after seeing my girlfriends boppy in blue velvet . After receiving it I absolutely love it . My daughter is 4 months old now and I place her on it belly down for tummy time and she loves it . I washed it a few times and it still looks great . Very soft & very pretty .
 We bought this cover not too long ago and we love it ! Yes , we can see the print through from our Boppy but we do n't really care since it 's nice and soft for our baby . It would be nice if it was thicker and covered the print . If you 're looking for water proof than this is n't the way to go but if you 're looking for something that 's going to be soft and comfortable for baby I 'd suggest one of these .
 I had this with my daughter , and it was very well made and did help , but I still felt like I was bending over to much to feed my baby . I gave it 4 stars because it could have been my fault with why it didnt work well for me . This time around I am using the best friend , the one that wraps around you so you can move and walk . A little more practical now that I have a toddler to run after !
 Very soft , easy to clean , fits the boppy naked pillow great . Washed it many times and has n't faded . Picture shows true color .
 Fit the boppy perfectly ! It 's incredibly soft , easy to clean , and does n't show any wear and tear after several washes . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 I bought this cover when I purchased a new pillow . I like the cover , it is really soft and comfy . I too wish Boppy made a waterproof cover , but I did find one on Etsy that works great under my covers .
 I got a Boppy with my first child in 2002 and hated having to wash it and dry it all of the time . When I had my daughter in 2005 , I bought this slipcover . I loved it ! It washes so easily . You just unzip it , wash it and zip it back on . I used it while I nursed her for a year . I had another daughter this year . I have been using it for 4 months and it still looks brand new . Plus , it is still just as soft as the first day I bought it.I had a son in 2006 and I bought a light blue one . I also really love it .
 If you are gon na breastfeed buy the a boppy pillow !!! they are awesome and easy . you can wash them , they have covers for them and they come in handy when you want to put the baby somewhere.Love it !!! + + + +
 I am due in 3 weeks and I just had my shower . I had registered just the slip cover because a friend gave me a boppy she had no use for . She had 2 boys so it is actually blue fabric with bees on it , very cute but i 'm having a girl . Anyway I read all the reviews on this website and the reviews for this item almost made me take it off of my registry . Many people complained that the fabric was so thin they could see right through it . Of course i worried becuase how great is sheer pink going to look over blue and yellow . Well i took the cover home and it 's great . You can barely see through it and what you can see is not a big deal . If you have an existing boppy and want to change its personality go for the slip cover - its very cute . Dont let those other reviews fool you .
 Originally , I had purchased a boppy covered in cotton patterned fabric . When I got home and took it out of the package , I realized that the seams were n't sewn very well at the top and stuffing was starting to poke out of the seams!I went back and exchanged it for the plain bopppy & this luxe slipcover ... Am I happy I did !!! The velour fabric incredibly soft for my newborn -LRB- unlike the stiff cotton of the other one -RRB- . After having it spit up on and stained , it zipped off and washed up beautifully ! Trust me ... if you plan on using this to feed your baby , you 'll be MUCH happier with this slipcover !!!
 After checking out all of the boppys , I decided to get the bare naked one and purchase slipcovers . I have received so many compliments on the pink slipcover -- even the nurses at the hospital loved it ! It is so soft , and I have washed it a few times with no problems -LRB- I have n't put it in the dryer , though -RRB- . It does not protect the boppy itself from spit-up , etc. , of course , since it is not a waterproof cover . However , I was not expecting it to be waterproof , and the regular boppys without slipcovers are not waterproof , so it 's not a big deal to me . Since I have the plain white boppy , nothing shows through , but this might be an issue for decorated boppys .
 The Boppy I had used for my first child had spit up stains and musty smells due to storage . I was so glad to see that the Boppy Company was now making slipcovers for the new Boppys . I purchased the naked Boppy and the luxe slipcover , and love the fact that I can just toss it in the wash when I want to clean it ! The luxe slipcover is so soft and spot cleans very easily between washes . I will be purchasing other slipcovers to have available when I am washing the luxe cover !
 I RECEIVED THIS FOR MY BABY SHOWER . IT IS VERY SOFT AND WASHER FRIENDLY . I DO AGREE WITH THE OTHER REVIEWS ABOUT BEING ABLE TO SEE YOUR BOPPY PILLOW PATTERN THROUGH IT THOUGH . I HAVE THE BOPPY YELLOW BEES PILLOW AND IT DOES N'T LOOK TOO BAD WITH THE SLIPCOVER OVER IT . THE BEES ALMOST LOOK KIND OF PURPLE COLORED . A GREAT PRODUCT DEPENDING ON THE PATTERN YOUR PILLOW HAS ON IT .
 This cover is very soft , love the way it feels ... so far it has n't stained . I 'm very pleased with it . It is somewhat easy to see through ... not a big deal for me because my Boppy is a pink gingham check , so pink on top looks fine . I can see where you would n't want to put this over some of the Boppy prints .
 I like this boppy cover a lot . It is very soft and much more stain resistant than my cotton cover . I wish I had registered for the bare naked boppy , because I keep a cover on mine at all times . After the first couple of leaking episodes , there seemed to be no other option . I keep this one on nearly all of the time .
 These absorbed ANYTHING . We loved them for when our little girl was a newborn . We put it on her changing table , and put it under her to clean up `` accidents '' while we were changing her . However , as she grew and kicked , and turned over , they became pretty useless , since she would just kick them all over the place . But they were great for when she was little!I also take them with me as a `` just in case '' in her diaper bag . They 're okay if I forget to bring my changing pad cover .
 Best pads ive ever used , very cheap and works greeeeaaaat , good absortion but not excellent ... still an amazing product . Must have for couples with child 5 moths up .
 This item is great . The leak proof is what we like the best since we change our baby on the couch , bed , etc. .
 I bought these because changing tables in restaurants and stores never seem to have them ! They actually have colorful critters on them , not just white . Great to have in a diaper bag , and very affordable .
 These work great for laying on the changing table during changings to prevent having to clean the changing pad cover constantly . They also work good for carrying in the diaper bag for on the go changings . They are very absorbent and the right price to stock up on . They work better than the box of Pee Wees disposables , for the same amount of 36 and half of the price .
 I love this product . Easy to use . My baby love to play when I use this to change diaper . I do not find this item in store .
 Baby diapers are cheaper in price when you 're a good product that no longer seem to dirty comforters are very pleased
 Our 3 month old daughter has the tendency to pee the second her diaper is taken off . Even when we lay another one under her in anticipation , it never fails that she pees so much it gets the changing table pad cover wet . We only have one cover and washing it and drying it takes a while . Being able to place one of these pads under her so we do n't have to constantly wash & dry the cotton cover is great . We got 2 packs of 36 each for under 10.00 shipped and they have lasted about 2 months and we still have about 15 left . We also pack them so we can cover the fold out changing tables at restuarants and shopping centers , they are a lot easier to pack than the bulky changing mats . I am ordering 2 more boxes today !
 These are decent for the price , but I was hoping for something a bit larger , to create a barrier under the ` whole ' baby on a public changing station . I should have better read the size information . They were n't expensive , so I will definitely get my money 's worth .
 This is a good product . Is good to have some extra changing pads in your diaper bag to use when you are out of your house . Especially if you are using public changers .
 This is a genius product , we always have one of those right on top of our changing pad -LRB- we still use a changing pad cover of course -RRB- and we also use it on the go when we change our baby outside . This disposable pad saved us lots of trouble in those times when accidents happen , it is just does not let anything go through it so the underlying changing pad remains clean , just finish the change and throw this paper away . We keep using the disposable paper until it gets dirty and only then do we throw it away , so that we do not use too many of them , but when an accident happens at 3 in the morning these are a saver !
 These lines/pads are great for the changing table . I love how thin but sturdy they are . Thank you for the great price too !
 Love it . Saves me washing covers and cloth pads on the changing table and dealing with the mess . I rip it up in half as this is sufficient for my 3-month old baby to get more use out of it .
 I bought this product form amazon.com 4 months ago before my baby was even born . It took me this long to write a review because I wanted to be sure I can give this product a fair assessment.First off , we do not use this product as an on-the-go-changing pad for public bathrooms . We use the Skip Hop Pronto Changer Diaper Bag for that . We originally bought Sassy as an on-the-go-changing pad but we 've realized it 's too thin and too small and wo n't really protect our baby in public bathrooms.We use the Sassy changing pads at home to change poopy diapers -LRB- not really needed for just wet diapers -RRB- . As first time parents , we have awkward moments , accidents happen , and sometimes poop gets into the changing pad . We have a couple of reusable , washable , fabic changing pads but our baby poops 2-3 times a day and 2 of these washable pads are n't enough unless we want to do laundry everyday -LRB- or buy more of this -RRB- . So we started using Sassy changing pads when our baby poops and it 's been perfect ! If the poops gets on the changing pad , no problem , just throw it out with the diaper . The thinness and small size does n't really matter since we only use it under the baby 's bottom half since we 're using it at home , and not at a public bathroom.I give it a 5-star rating because it 's just perfect for what we use it for .
 This is a great inexpensive product and it does the job . I was surprised to see how well it soaks up , though it appears to be very thin . My younger one is now just 2 months old , but sometimes even she can rip the sheet with her kicking . So I am not sure how well it will hold up as she gets stronger .
 These are so great especially at times of daddy-changing-the-baby-when-pooped . Before I started to use these I 'd get to wash the changing pad cover after each time my husband gets to change our son when he pooped , not to mention the clothes of both my baby AND my husband.So if you have the same situation - these are the laundrysaver :-RRB- -RRB-
 I bought this item when i was pregnant was thinking on how it is going to be useful for me ... it is a mUst get ... people that say It soaks ... maybe you pour tons of water on it ... cos sometimes my baby wee on it and is okay ...
 These changing pads are cool . I also like the graphic on the pads too . They are durable and can be used for various purposes . I use them on my nail station .
 I wish they were a little bigger but it works for its purpose . You would be surprised at how much i have to use them . There are so many restaurants now who do n't have changing tables . I keep one in my purse at all times .
 These pads may not be ultra absorbent , but they do just fine for us ! We put them under our little guy for any last minute ` oops ' messes . They fold up easily and we use these all the time at home . We use a thicker type of pad when going out - but for home use these are great .
 I found Boppy makes changing pads that are reusable a little more cost effective these did work great though . Good for on the go
 These pads worked so well for us . Yes they are thin but the great thing is they make clean up for a dirty diaper easily contained & a snap to clean up ! When dealing with multiple babies it makes things well worth it . Totally recommend them !
 I honestly think Pampers makes the best wipes and these are no different , especially if your baby has very sensitive skin like mine does . They do an especially good job at completely wiping away the messes but doing it very gently . I use these with a diaper wipe warmer and they 're just great . In addition , I also use them on the baby 's hands and face with no problems whatsoever . When the mattress gets soiled , once again , these wipes come to the rescue . This is a great product and one I 'm very glad that I found .
 This is a great product for cleaning your pre-toilet trained baby . Suffice it to say that you will need a lot of these . I like the fact that it is natural -LRB- no artificial scents -RRB- and contains soothing aloe vera . Recommended .
 We used to use the Costco brand wipes until recently . Now that our daughter is over 1 year old , the Pampers are much more effective!Great diapers , too bad Costco stopped carrying them
 I love these wipes - much better than Huggies which I think are too thick and rough and not as moist . These are soft as a baby 's bottom , moist and the containers allow easy access . We buy the refills in bulk . In the baby bargains book , they recommend sticking to brand name wipes and I agree and fully recommend Pampers over other brands . Now for diapers , we 've had success with brand and generic kinds -LRB- including Wal-mart 's White Cloud and Target 's brand -RRB- .
 I LOVE these wipes . They fit easily into the plastic wipe container and pop up easily . These are great for any use . Highly recommend !
 These really do the job . It holds the stuff in until my baby is changed . Never had a problem with this product .
 Of all the wipes I 've tried , I like Pampers best . They are nicely moist and soft to the touch , plus the 80-count tub is the best-quality wipes box out there -LRB- save it when it 's empty and keep refilling -RRB- . The refills are packaged in 80-100 count -LRB- depending upon the total count of the refill package -RRB- , individually sealed plastic bags . One bag of wipes fits in the 80-count tub , while the other bags stay sealed until you 're ready for them . Since you do n't have to worry about wipes drying out before you use them , buy the largest size refill you can to save money and time .
 I do n't have a baby . But I saw some reviews that they dry out quickly . If this happens , use a FoodSaver by Tilia Direct , and it will seal the Pampers wipes to keep the wipes from drying out .
 It does take a lot to get this lock open , but it 's literally the only thing that worked in my house for more than 24 hours . Everything else was too easy to pull off .
 I got this product to work , in the 3rd trimester , by using the waistband of my low maternity pants to hold it low on my belly -LRB- it ca n't be overly tight , though -RRB- . Using your hand wo n't work ; too much interference . It has to be low on the belly , too ... really low . Like between your hip bones low , with the microphone part pointed downward . When you get it in the right place and hold it on without using your hand , you can definitely hear the baby 's heartbeat . It sounds like what you 'd hear through a stethoscope -LRB- not like the OB 's doppler thing -RRB- . I really enjoyed using this during my 3rd trimester . There are quirks to using it , but once you figure it out , it 's enjoyable .
 The Prenatal Heart Listener does work provided you know what to expect . You will not hear the choo choo beat of your baby as you do in the doctor 's office using a Doppler . You will hear various thumping , rushing , and wooshing , which sounds are explained in the instruction manual . Initially , I was disappointed that it did n't sound like an actual heartbeat , but once I learned to recognize the various noises , I liked hearing my baby 's noises , hiccups included !
 I received this device as a gift in my second trimester and was not able to hear anything at that time , other than swooshes and thumps every once in a while . I became discouraged about using the product because I could not hear anything that sounded like a heartbeat . Then , one night in my third trimester -LRB- 35 weeks -RRB- I decided to try it out again because I had not felt my baby moving much during the day and was growing nervous . I was finally able to hear the heartbeat in the lower pelvis area next to my belly button and immediately relaxed . I found that I had to increase the volume substancially to hear the heartbeat , but it worked . Now , at 39 weeks I use it anytime I need reassurance that everything is going well with my baby . In addition , I really like the idea of being able to record these sounds to share with family .
 This is a very nice Winnie the Pooh-themed universal pacifier holder . Fits about any types of pacifiers . The only gripes I have is the length of the lanyard -- it is a little too short in my opinion , but works fine , in most of the cases ... The greatest advantage is that it doesn &#8217; t have a metallic clip , which rust pretty quickly , as we had discovered it with our previous model ... Overall , I would recommend this product .
 I use this on the hospital soothie type of pacifiers and it 's a bit tricky to get the string threaded through a hole -LRB- though those pacifiers are clearly not intended to be used with this attacher -RRB- . We have three of these and I love them . They 're perfect for when you 're out and about to clip on your child 's jacket .
 I love this for my baby . It stays on really well -LRB- both the pinkie and the clasp -RRB- and it is a cute accessory .
 This is a nice strap to help keep your child 's pacifier from getting lost . Our daughter loves the colors and the Pooh figure . She has two , each one with a `` paci '' -LRB- one as a primary and one as a backup -RRB- . The only issue with this -LRB- and partially our fault -RRB- is that when boiling the `` paci '' to disinfect it the hot water started softening the plastic on one of the clips . It 's no longer a big deal since we just take the `` paci '' off and hand wash the strap .
 This is a great attacher because you can use it with one hand . It 's cute and can be used for a boy or a girl .
 This is an effective and well-made gate . I bought it with two mounting kits to mount at the top of stairs , between dry wall and a metal railing . After installation the gate is rigid , and opens easily and smoothly with one hand . However , there are some caveats
 Strong , well made , very high quality . Somewhat difficult to install , hard to run the latch -LRB- have to squeeze and lift -RRB- . I purchased this gate , and the Evenflo walk-through gate so my 5 year old could get through when necessary . She can not squeeze the latch and lift to open the gate.Also bought the Evenflo walk through stair gate -LRB- wood -RRB- , it was 1/2 the cost , easier to install and easier to use the latch . My 5 year old can use this latch to get it open .
 I like this gate very much . I stained the top and bottom rails to match my stair rails , and I painted the vertical spindles to match my stair spindles . Not only does it keep my little one from tumbling down the stairs , but it also looks like it `` belongs '' in the house . I 'm going to get another one for the other staircase ... It is not too hard to install . It comes with some convenient templates for lining up the screw holes . All the necessary hardware was included -LRB- you need your own screwdriver , of course -RRB- . If you are mounting into drywall , rather than wood , you will need your own drywall anchors , though . Also , there was no `` extra '' hardware . It always drives me crazy when there are extra nuts , bolts , etc. . I always wonder if I forgot something , or if I need to save all those random bits and pieces for some future need.It is easy to open one-handed . I have no real compaints about this gate .
 This gate was a welcome relief after much frustration with an Evenflo gate ! The installation was a breeze in comparison . We raised the template for marking the screw holes so that we would n't have to damage the baseboards . We agree with another reviewer that you should install the hinge side first , put the gate in , then figure out where the holes go on the opposite side . We used the template , ended up being a little low , and had to re-install the locking side mount . We also decided not to insert the stop pins so that we could open the gate in both directions . We added one 17 inch extension ... it 's SO easy to install , and the gate is still very stable.We chose this gate over a pressure-mounted gate , even though we were n't using it at a stairway . We 're using it to block a high-traffic hallway and did n't want to have the bar running across the bottom -LRB- read
 We 're using this gate at the top of our staircase and it 's very sturdy and looks great ! The installation is a bit tricky if your walls or posts are n't level . I suggest not drilling the holes all at once ... screw in one side and figure out where the other side should go . If you just go by the templates , you could be up to an inch off !
 This gate is wonderful ! Very sturdy and safe . I do n't feel like I have to watch my little one as close when he is near the stairs . The Install is a bit overwhelming . But we found if you do n't use the stencils and install one side at a time and measure from there , it makes it alot easier . I would buy another one if needed . It 's worth the money . You get what you pay for .
 My wife and I bought this gate and on the box it says that it fits from a 26 '' -42 '' opening , but this is a bit misleading . If you have it at the 42 '' opening there is a gap of about 6 '' that a small child could either get through , or possibly get themselves stuck in between the posts . So realistically the opening is about 36-38 '' max . If you buy the extension you are ok but it is a bit expensive but all in all this is a good gate .
 This gate has withstood the test of time . We breed Boston Terriers and have 2 children . This gate is strong enough for my 44 lb . 5 year old to ride it open and closed without it coming out of the wall . It is lovely and works great
 We love the product and find it very easy to use . However , the company that processed our order sent us an email saying the gate was on the way when it was not . They called several days later to tell us the email was sent to meet Amazon requirements regarding shipping times . But , the product would not be shipped for another week to 10 days . UUGGHHH ! Not very cool . However , the product did finally arrive . It is in good condition and works well .
 I absolutely love this gate . We were going to get two , but only got one to make sure we 'd like it . We did n't want to drill any holes and our gate sits at the bottom of the stairs just like in the pictures , only on the floor not the first step . It 's great . All four points where the gate touches the wall are different depth and I also used the extension kit and it works perfectly . It is very stable and my little boy ca n't open it or pull it down . I 'm about to order another one for the top of the stairs .
 This gate is perfect for the doorway in our 1 year olds room . Her older sister can operate it also , which is nice for her to be able to come and go from little sister 's room . Very pleased with the product .
 We needed a walk through gate in our apartment -LRB- no stairs -RRB- and we also needed to not have to screw things into the wall . Ca n't do that with our rental agreement . Although it was spendy , this IS the gate for us . My 20 month old ca n't figure it out -LRB- too many complicated maneuvers -RRB- and he is very interested in how things work .
 We bought this gate because my toddler son figured out how to undo the cheap wood dog gates . We 're very pleased so far.Pro : - Looks great in black . Lots of compliments-Wide entry . Others are not as wide-Low step height-Easy install . I did n't even need the instructions -LRB- which were missing in one of my gates -RRB- - Very secure . My son can shake it and it wo n't budge.-Requires three steps to open which makes it difficult for my toddler to figure out . 1 -RRB- Push button on handle , 2 -RRB- Rotate handle , and 3 -RRB- Lift gate slightly and rotateCons : - In order for the handle to work properly , the gate requires A LOT of tension on the wall to push the handle closed . If you are not mounting this at a stud , it may very well damage your wall . -LRB- It damaged my friend 's walls -RRB- Without this extreme wall tension , the handle is not used at all and it to open the gate you just need to lift the entire gate and rotate it.-Cost . Must be one of the most expensive , but so far to us , its worth it !
 I am using this gate very successfully for containing my small dog in the kitchen . It does take up a little more space on each side of the gate than I would like but does work well .
 This was the only gate I could find that met all my criteria
 After trying out -LRB- nd returning -RRB- practically every gate in our local Babies R Us , we finally found this one . Yes , it is pricey but it 's well-worth it . I have yet to find a design flaw . This could be the perfect gate !
 This was the first gate we bought when our neice was coming over to our house to play and we wanted to keep her off the steps . Little did I know that I made the perfect choice . At the time all I knew was that I wanted a pressure mounted gate . I went to the local store and afetr messing around with all of the gates there , I decided that although this was more expensive than the others , it was the only one I felt comfortable about buying because it did n't feel or look chintzy . Since then we 've bought other gates by the same manufacturer , however , this remains our favorite becuase of the opening device . I certainly reccomend it to others who want to be sure of their child 's saftey at all costs .
 As a Firefighter/Paramedic I think this product is wonderful . There is still NO substitute for parental/adult supervision . This product could only be improved by decreasing the amount of space between the bars . If the proper time is taken to install this product it works great . I not only own two Center Gateways but also own the Configure Gate product as well and am very please with the Kidco products .
 We purchased 2 of these gates and are very happy with them . It took a little longer to install then the instructions suggested , but it was well worth it . If you follow the directions you should have no problem installing them . The gates swings open both ways in or out , and the area you step through is quite large , wider then we thought it would be . We are delighted with these gates and highly recommend them .
 We have a 14 month old little one . He likes to shake the side of his crib , the gate , anything that he can possibly stand and shake . Even under all his abuse , we have had no problems with this gate . It is very secure when it is mounted properly and no holes in my walls - beautiful . I will be buying another for my upstairs hallway .
 I reluctantly purchased this gate after reading some of the 1 star reviews , and I was very careful unpacking it , because I wanted to be ready to return it . Let me start off by saying , `` There is nothing wrong with this gate . '' Could this gate have more features ? yes ... like an alarm if you leave it open , or a spring that automatically closes it behind you , but this gate works fine.To those who do n't like stubbing your toe ... do n't get a pressure mount gate ... however on the bottom of the stairs , to stubbing is highly unlikely ... toe stubbing happens at the top of the stairs , and usually while climbing the stairs . `` Stub my toe once , shame on you , stub my toe twice , shame on me . `` For those who are concerned that it falls apart ... I 've had it for a couple of months now ... I was worried about the plastic latch , but it seems to work fine , I would expect it to last the 2 years or so until the baby is safe on the stairs . I will update if it breaks.For those of you concerned that the baby will open the gate when it is locked ... not if installed properly . The instructions are poorly written . They could be more clear . Their tension gauge is a waste . Here 's what you do
 After reading the negative reviews , there seem to be three camps of people who do n't like the product.One group has uber-intelligent children , who figure out how to depress the button and lift up on the latch simultaneously , thereby allowing the child to escape . Tragically , while these children are mechanically inclined , they are not intelligent enough to resist the urge to pursue dangerous escapes.The second group is too unintelligent or impatient -LRB- as adults -RRB- to handle the exact same latching mechanism , or to step over a small bar . Hence they break the handle , and trip over the small lower anchor bar . This is tragic for both the parents and the children for so many reasons.The third group is deceived by the admittedly ambiguous instructions . You need to have this gate in a door frame or spanning between against two strong vertical surfaces . Then you need to crank the heck out of the compression `` bolts '' to ensure a very high degree of pressure . If you try to put it up against drywall , you will poke through the drywall . If you do not make the gate VERY tightly lodged , it will fall over , probably on your child as they try to climb on it.So , there are some legitimate problems with the gate . But , installed correctly and in a house of moderate intelligence on both the adult and child front , it should be just fine.I am of moderate intelligence , as are my offspring , and we have managed to make it work in three separate houses with only minor annoyance.YMMV.Update
 I bought this product after I bought the Kidco Elongate . This gate is just as great as the Elongate . I wish it was a bit easier to remove and put back up but that is really not a problem . You have to use a little tool to untighten the `` nuts '' on the sides so that you can take it down . However this method of screwing the gate into place holds it firm ... even when my dogs are trying to jump over it ! Everyone comments on the gate and asks about it , I have had two other friends ask for the link so they can order it themselves . I researched lots of gates before buying the Elongate and the Center Gateway . They may seem a little pricey but they are well worth it and really right in line with what others are priced .
 Pros
 Great product - is perfect for most any staircase including ones where the banister and wall do not match up . We use the y spindle attachment to have this as a tension mount instead of in wall . Sturdy enough for 3 toddlers to pull on it without collapsing even when tension mounted . would recommend to use with y spindle and extension kit .
 We have 4 dogs . . all indoor dogs . . When we leave the house we put the dogs in the laundry room anduse this gate to keep them from running all over the house.I bought this unit to replace the wooden `` scissor gate '' . . We constantly were having to take the scissor gate up and down , whata pain in the butt . . The installation was very easy . . did n't even read the instructionsuntil I found that it was about 2 '' to small for the door . . I had to add the extension to a `` normal '' -LRB- 32 '' inside -RRB- door . . Also . . you have to really tighten this thing to use the handle forlocking the gate . . I chose not to tighten it . . and there is a small gap where youcan see the locking pin.By not tightening it we can just leave the `` handle '' in the `` closed '' position and just lift the gate to open/close . . IMHO this was `` good decision '' as the handle is plastic and would probably break easily . . All in all I would definitely recommend if you have pets , it looks good and is very secure . .
 I absolutely love this gate ! I bought it to be used in my home because of our new puppy and it 's been a godsend . We have it placed at the foot of our stairs and it opens so easily , that it 's not even a hassle . Only issue I had with this product is probably my own fault . The sides of it that are placed on the wall/doorway/what have you , put indentations in my walls after an extended period of use . I 'm assuming that perhaps they 're too tight , but in case . . you may want to put some sort of hard plastic or something behind it for support .
 We have owned the gate for just a few months , but so far it has been everything we had hoped for . It is attractive enough to use in-between two formal rooms , it opens effectively and easily with one hand , and , most importantly , it keeps the pets where we want them to stay . All in all , I 'm very pleased with this product .
 We purchased this model of Kidco gate almost 3 years ago , just after closing on our house . I purchased the gate to guard our girls against falling down our very steep stair case . I picked this model only because it was the most expensive and I did n't have time to research the others.Over the past 3 months , I have tried to 2 other gates , for other parts of the house , only to find many of the manufacturers do n't take child safety , or quality , as serious as I do.Take it from a father of 3 girls under the age of 5 , this gate is the best of the bunch . I lucked out the first time around and after much grief with 2 other popular models , I have decided to stay with the Kidco .
 This is a great gate . My husband and I literally bought four gates and returned all four because they were junk . Of course , we started off with the -LSB- less expensive -RSB- one but we eventually had to give in and -LSB- buy the more expensive one -RSB- . It hurt to spend that much on a gate but when we saw how well it works , we decided it was worth it . Since you use them for about 3 years , I guess the investment is not that bad in the long term . Try it , if you do n't like it , you can always return it . I can guarentee that you 'll keep it .
 I really like this gate - I purchased it to put in as a divider for our sliding glass doors so that our daughter does not go outside and the dog does not come in . It is a little expensive but I guess you get what you pay for - quality . Great gate - easy to install .
 We have this gate -LRB- and one extension -RRB- in a doorway between the kitchen and foyer and it is excellent . Unfortunately , the directions were very difficult .
 I tried few other gates before , none worked for long as this one did . I have this gate for the past 2 years and it is sturdy and work great . without screws to attach to the wall , it stays put . good as a child gate and pet gate -LRB- I use it for both purposes -RRB- .
 Easy to use and install . It is also attractive for a gate . I wish my other gate were the same as this one .
 I am still awaiting the birth of my first child , we purchased the gate because of the ` hands-free ' operation . I need to keep my two dogs out of the baby 's room ! We put the gate up to get the dogs used to it , and the only minus I have found so far is that I think the gate opening size needs to be a little wider .
 This gate is much better than most on the market . The design allows it to function well as a gate , yet allowing foot traffic through by the inclusion of a lockable door in the unit . The gate is made of metal , but I deducted 1 star due to the locking mechanism being made of plastic . Only time will tell how much real-world use it will stand up to . Another thing about this gate that I like is the flexibility offered by the availability of extensions -- it is possible to mount this gate pretty much anywhere needed . Overall , I am happy with this purchase .
 I purchased this gate for our church nursery . So far it is working out very well . We have had other plastic gates that worked fine but were broken off the wall by kids hanging and swinging on it . The KidCo metal gate opens from the center so we are hoping it will hold up much longer and not be an enticement to kids swinging on the open gate door . The only negative for me is the tripping hazard of the bar across the bottom of the gate or threshold . I have seen other gates that have a threshold more like one in a home . This bar on the threshold takes some getting used to and could be a hazard for someone who is not aware of it 's height . The childproof locking feature is a plus ! If it lasts longer than our last two gates I would give it a 5 star rating but since we only have it a month , I gave it 4 stars .
 We had regular wooden baby gates to keep our two small dogs from going upstairs and they worked well enough but then I became pregnant and decided I wanted a walk-through gate so I did n't have to step over or remove the gate entirely every time I wanted to go upstairs . We choose this gate because it 's wide enough to fit in our stairwell opening and because of the wide walk-though area . I Love this gate . We just leave the handle pulled up so we do n't have to push the button every time we want to walk through it but I like that it 's available for when the wee one will be old enough to start tugging on it . We also rent so pressure-mounted was important and after properly installing it -LRB- which I admit was a bit tricky -RRB- it has n't budged at all in the past 6 months . It 's very study ! I just bought another one because I like it so much .
 This gate works well for the area I needed it . I would prefer it did not have the extra lifting step to open it .
 We purchased this gate originally for the bottom of our stairs . We really only considered pressure mounted gates as we did n't want to put holes in the walls of our brand new house ! We also wanted a gate with a doorway , so we did n't have to constantly climb over it as we were heading up the stairs . After some research , we ended up deciding to give this one a try.The gate took a little time to install properly , and it did require that we purchase an extension kit as well . You do need to install this gate with a lot of pressure , to the point where I thought it was starting to dent the drywall a bit . However , once the gate was installed there has been no issues with it whatsoever . Installed properly , the gate does n't move at all , and the door is not able to be opened without using the latch . Our son has been able to latch the gate himself for quite a while , but never able to unlatch it.Just a note that we actually had to installed the gate on the first stair -LRB- at the bottom of the stairs there is only a wall on one side -RRB- and it has not been any problems installed on the actual stair.The gate has worked out so well we just got a second one to use in the upstairs hallway to keep our son away from the top of the stairs as well .
 I purchased this product used . It was still easy to install and it is truly pressure mounted - we did not need to put holes in our walls . We installed this at the bottom of our stairs , one step up.Pros : * This is a very sturdy gate . My twins stand on the first step and constantly play and apply their weight . * Its fairly simple to use one handed . * The opening is plenty wide enough to walk through without having to turn sideways -LRB- and I 'm not a skinny minnie -RRB- * This will probably work if I need to install in a doorway to keep toddlers in their room , and not conflict with a doorknob -LRB- just guessing -RRB- . * The door can open either direction -LRB- although on the stairs that does n't matter -RRB- Cons : I 've been using this gate for at least 4 months now - I ca n't think of any.I bought another brand gate -LRB- a tall gate -RRB- to use in another entrance . It is getting returned because 1 . -RRB- its not truly pressure mounted , and 2 . -RRB- its not sturdy like this kidco gate - I 'm spoiled ! I mention this because I will go back and get another Kidco gate - I feel more comfortable knowing that it will hold up to two toddlers hanging on to it and I do n't have to mar my walls.I recommend this gate and would purchase it again -LRB- even new -RRB- . -LRB- I do n't use this for pets , but this would be good for smaller animals or those not jumping due to the height of the gate -RRB-
 This is the second Kidco product I have purchased . Let me start by saying that their products are some of the safest out there and I have every confidence in the security of the gates I have installed . BUT , the first gate I purchased was the standard gateway that uses hardware to install . You can see my review there but the thing that is pertinent here is that they only included limited hardware in the box which would not work safely if installing the gate into dry wall -LRB- even when there is a stud -RRB- . So , instead of including another set of screws that would 've cost them about $ 0.90 , Kidco likes to make busy parents go buy that stuff themselves.Well , this gate has its own torturous surprise for busy parents who are trying to multitask every hour of the day . Kidco kindly includes two extensions making this gate much more versitile than most on the market . The thing they do n't tell you is that these extensions are held in by the same tension that holds the gate into the wall . Each of these tension screws are completely separate from one another -LRB- which is good design because it allows installation over uneaven surfaces -RRB- . However , because there is no mechanism holding these extensions into place , this means that the parent installing the gate must use two hands to hold up the gate , make sure each of the 4 separate extension brackets and two separate support bars , and the 4 metal extension bars which the brackets slide over -LRB- none of which lockinto place in anyway -RRB- do n't fall off , all the while trying to tighten one tension screw at a time ... I can not even explain to you how two limbs are not enough to get the job done and still remain sane by the end of the process.Throw me a bone Kidco ! How about the brackets clip or screw that holds the brackets into place so they do n't slide off while I 'm trying to mount the gate ? Something !?! Unfortunately , you will find that Kidco often makes the best products for this kind of thing but they sure do cut corners on the little stuff that would make a parent 's life a LOT easier .
 We bought this gate plus two extensions for a 60 '' wide opening from our dining room to entryway and could n't be happier . The gate is very sturdy and looks great . I was worried that I -LRB- the klutz that I am -RRB- may trip over the floor bar , but have had no issues so far . We also like that the door can swing either way . I am planning to purchase this same gate for another doorway in our house .
 This gate is one of the best I have seen . I searched through as many as I could find online . It is made from heavy gauge metal with a plastic locking mechanism . -LRB- There are also a few other small plastic pieces . -RRB- It is very sturdy and simple to use . It uses pressure points for installation on the wall so there are no holes or marks made on the wall . The adjustable screws for installing are very thick and not easily bent which is important when you have them fully extended . I use it to keep my large Labrador Retriever in his area . I also have 4 children , 4 years through 9 years old , and they are able to navigate through the gate easily . Although , we do n't engage the lock usually . Works great and I have had it for a month now . Worth the extra $ $ $ when looking for a product that lasts .
 This gate is my favorite baby gate . Easy to install , no screws in the wall required , and it feels very sturdy . I use it at the top of my stairs and have no worries that it will not hold up . My 15 month old likes to hold on to the gates and shake them , this one does n't budge like another one we have . I think technically it is supposed to take two hands to open the latch -LRB- a safety feature -RRB- but after you get used to it there is a way to do it with one hand.I would definitely recommend this gate , we have 2 in our house .
 I 'm glad we read the reviews before we bought this gate , but wish we had measured our stairway first . The reviewer who said he had to buy the extension kit was right . We bought this gate anyway because we did n't want to mount brackets . ... The opening takes some coordination as well and seems to work easier right-handed . I give it 4 stars mainly because of having to buy the extension and it does n't really accommodate the design of our stairway , but it is adjustable . And keep in mind the manufacturer 's comment that it is n't best suited for a stairway because of it being pressure mounted . Stepping over the bottom rail is awkward too when it 's on a step like ours is .
 The strong yet attractive steel construction and ease of setup without permanent wall marks are the positives for this product . The main negative is the need to order extension kits for wide openings such as stairways . Extension kits are hard to find .
 This is the perfect gate WHEN PROPERLY INSTALLED.Tighten until there is only 1/8 '' gapbetween closing mechanism when the handle is lifted.If you can open it by lifting up on the gatewithout releasing the handle , IT 'S NOT TIGHT ENOUGH .
 My son is now 18 months old and we have gone through 4 different gates . This gate is my most recent purchase and i am very happy with it . The steel construction keeps my little wild child from breaking the gate . I like that you have to lift up after releasing the handle because this keeps my son from being able to figure out how to get out -LRB- so far anyway -RRB- . Even though it is a pressure mount i found that it is very stable and secure .
 I love this gate . I originally tried the Sure and Secure gate , which was a complete nightmare , and returned it for the Center Gateway . The Center Gateway is extremely simple to install -LRB- it took me only minutes -RRB- and is very secure and well-built . Even my little escape artist wo n't be able to climb it or open it . The extra money is more than worth the quality and ease-of-use of this gate . I ca n't think of anything I do n't like about it .
 This gate has held up so well . We have two in our house and I am ordering another . The one we have downstairs is holding up perfectly under heavy traffic . It is easy to use and so sturdy . Make sure that you tell people to walk over the bar that supports it on the bottom - you will be surprised how fast you can train yourself to lift your feet !! Overall - excellent gate that comes in some great colors to match any decor .
 I like the sturdy construction of this gate . I already have one at home . But there is a big disadvantage . the screw on the sides get stripped after a while because of constant opening and closing . You have to lift the center to open it so the constant lifting moves the screws on the sides stripping it . I improvised new screws from the hardware store to mount it again . Maybe if it just locks so you do n't have to lift the center to open it , then this gate will last a long time .
 We love that this gate did not require drilling into our walls , and once installed it is extremely sturdy . It also is not easy for little ones to climb over since there are only vertical bars We have two of these gates at the bottom of our stairs on a landing . The only bad thing is the bar that goes across the bottom of the opening - it makes things a little precarious if the gate is on the bottom step of a staircase , or at the top and you need to step over it to go down -LRB- we had one at the top of the stairs and ended up moving it . Luckily , no holes to patch ! -RRB- . The opening mechanism is tricky for a first time user , but once you read the instructions or someone shows you how to use it , it is very simple .
 We just bought this gate a couple of weeks ago and it works like a charm . We installed it properly , it fits snugly in the doorway , and our 9-month old has pulled up on it many times with no problems . And our 5-year old is able to operate it so that he can get through the door with ease .
 The gate is easy to install , sturdy , and easy to operate . I was worried about adding the 2 extra extensions i needed to fit a 48 '' hallway opening , but it fits excellent . An incredible gate , anyone purchasing this will not regret it .
 Very pleased with this gate . It was easy to install even with the extension we needed to buy with it . My 4 year old can also use it without any issues which I like .
 Easy to install and easy to use . It took my six year old a few tries to figure it out-because of the button.But she eventually got it down pat !
 Good quality children 's gate . Make sure to accurately measure the opening space to know whether or not you require the extension kit .
 we 've owned this gate for several years and love it . i recently tried out the dreambaby in another location and was n't happy with it . the kidco is worth the extra money if you can afford it.my kidco is much , much easier to install , does n't require mounting cups , does not swing shut so it can be left open when my little guy is asleep . not good to leave it open when he is awake as he loves to swing it and bang it around.the kidco latch has a button to be pushed while rasing the handle . you can then let go of the handle and lift and swing the gate . this seems to be easier for me and my 6 year old than the other brand , but also seems like it would be more difficult for the baby to figure out - if he could reach it.we had this gate pressure mounted with extensions in a 64 '' opening in our previous house without any problem . its the only one we could find that would fit that space and we were very happy with it .
 Works great !! Nomore climbing over the other types ... very sturdy ... well worth the price !
 This is an awesome gate ! It works very well to keep my 15 month old from getting into the kitchen . It is very sturdy and it only took about 15 minutes to install.KidCo Center Gateway
 This gate sets up in under 5 minutes and works great . Simple walk through and our 2 Boxers havent knocked it down or gotten by it yet . Highly recommended !
 This is a great gate . It is easy to install and it looks really nice . The gate comes with one extension on each side of it -LRB- they must be added on each side . You ca n't put both on the same side . -RRB- The gate is very sturdy . We like that it is a multi-step opening system . You have to press in the button , lift the handle , and lift the gate in order to open the gate . We are very satisfied with this gate and would recommend buying it .
 We wanted a nice looking , metal gate for our doorway into our great room to keep our dogs from going into the rest of the house . This gate is rich looking , great quality , sturdy , and the pressure stems have thick rubber padding to protect the door jam . We ordered an extension kit too . It is everything that we hoped for .
 Easy to install , easy to use . What more do I need to say.Delivery was on time and quick .
 Pros1 . Tooless installation2 . Did I mention that you do n't need any tools to install this ??!! -LRB- i.e. hand-tighten -RRB- 3 . If you follow the instructions it is a VERY basic install , very -LRB- 5-10 minutes -RRB- 4 . Nice styling , modern5 . Comes with extensions ; use both , use one , use none . Your call peopleCons1 . Perhaps it 's too easy to install , hmm2 . Needs to be more complicated3 . Looks too good , I have caught multiple ` friends ' trying to uninstall it to take home4 . kids seem annoyed when I shut it . Apparently they want an out -LRB- needs escape hatch -RRB-
 I purchased this gate to put in our hallway to keep my doggy corralled . It was easy to install , it looks great , and it is easy to use . I did have to purchase an extension as well . This gate replaces an old one that did not have a walk-through mechanism . I appreciate the walkthrough because the old gate was hard to hop over -LRB- I 'm short -RRB- , and I had to take the old one down when my daddy came to visit because he has a bad hip and was also unable to continually `` hop '' . My dog seems to like the new gate . He is always alert and likes to watch what is going on down the hallway , and with this gate he has a better view . Also , the bars are spaced tightly enough that I do n't worry about his head getting stuck in the bars . He is a Pomeranian/schipperke mix , so I searched extensively before purchasing this gate to be sure the bars were not far enough apart for him to get stuck . This gate looks nice and is not gaudy like some of the plastic ones I have seen . It appears to be sturdy as well .
 We bought this product to keep our labrador from the music room.Pros : - Wide opening , 22 '' no need to turn sideway . - Low bottom bar , 1 '' have it for a month and yet to trip over . - Easy installation , no drilling . - Kid-proof lock . Not important feature to us but your toddlers definitely ca n't open the gate . - Gate swings open both ways . - Very slim profile . - Sturdy , made of metal.Cons - The child-proof lock makes it difficult to close . - Installation instruction not so easy to understand.Conclusion
 This is a fantastic gate , however people who do not live with you are not familiar with locking mechanism & if used wrong will break . There is a button on far side of gate lever which has to be pressed in order to open lever properly , opening gate . If this button is not pressed & someone just pulls up on lever , they break one of the safety features of this gate . This button prevents children from eventually learning how to open gate . Once button is broken , gate is still operational , but just have to hope child does n't figure out down the road how to lift lever on their own -- no button safety feature anymore . **** Note
 I purchased the Center Gateway gate for our son 's upstairs bedroom door . Our bedroom is downstairs and we wanted an extra barrier to protect him from the stairs at night . We also have another gate at the top of the stairs , but you can never be too safe in my opinion . The Center Gateway was easy to build and install and we 're completely happy with our purchase . It 's extremely sturdy and durable and worth every penny for the extra peace of mind it provides us .
 We had a tricky place in the kitchen that needed a gate that was both sturdy but easy to get through . This one has been perfect . Our grandson started walking at 9 months and needed to be protected from the basement stairs . The only place we could install a gate was fairly wide and would n't accomodate any kind of permanent fasteners . I bought this gate along with a 5 '' extention piece and it 's been doing it 's job for over a year now . The gate gets opened and closed at least 10 times every day . Although my grandson has watched us open it and knows the sequence , it 's too hard for him to do . My main worry about the gate was the fact that it would keep our cats and their litter boxes seperated . As it turned out , all 3 of the cats can easily jump over the gate so that has been a non-issue . I highly recommend this gate to anyone who needs a sturdy , walk-through type gate that can be installed without holes .
 I mounted this device in rear arch in order to prevent my son getting out of room.Installing is very easy . Opening may be easily done with one hand .
 This is a quality gate with a nice roomy door . It looks nice and is surprisingly stable when the door is open . My doorways are three-feet wide and the gate fits like a glove.There are only two things I do not like about this door . One is that you have to lift the door every time you want to swing it , and I imagine that if you were to forget and force the door it would break , but that has not happened to me . The second thing is that when the door is open you have to step over a portion of the framework that goes across at the bottom , but after you stub your toe a couple times I guarantee you will learn to step over it .
 The Kidco Center Gateway is solidly built , and reasonably priced compared to similar products . It only comes in white , which was a little disappointing . There are no sharp corners or edges on which a child or pet could hurt themselves.Overall it leaves something wanting . It is n't perfect , and seems to only illustrate my need for a better model . It 's actually a gateway to other more serious gateways.Eventually you will need to graduate to a heavier model . My fifteen year old daughter just steps right over this one . I told her not to go get the mail by herself , and look what she did . Look what she did . Now I have to write it down in my Logbook of Parental Authority Violations . Or , as my daughter likes to call it `` Crime and Punishment . '' It 's about as thick , but I 'm no Tolstoy.Since this is the tallest model available , I installed seven more of them in the hallway , each seperated by sixteen inches . She can still maneuver over them with some difficulty , but it slows her down enough to let the tranqs take effect.We 're having spaghetti for dinner tonight . Because it 's Wednesday .
 I purchased this gate after buying a different walk through gate.Regalo Easy Open Super Wide Walk Thru Gate - WhiteI had to sell that one because the only way to have it be secure is to screw cups into the doorway . Otherwise it 's loose enough for my 24 lb dog to push over.I wish I 'd just bought this one in the first place ! Sometimes you really do get what you pay for and this is one of those times . Yes , the Regalo gate is 1/2 the price , but totally unsafe.The KidCo gate is amazing . Super easy to install . VERY sturdy . This one is n't moving ! Plus it has the bonus of the opening that you walk through being a lot wider than the Regalo one . Plus there is nothing poking out of the opening to catch on your clothes as with the Regalo . It is easy to open and swings either way , which is handy . It 's nice and heavy and looks very nice . The dogs are confined , but I can get through with a load of laundry without pulling down a gate or risking life and limb by climbing over one.All in all I highly recommend this gate . It 's a great height , easy for the cats to jump over , but high enough to keep the dogs in . Great gate and worth the extra money .
 I have a medal banister on my stairs and have been having a lot of trouble getting a gate to fit . The kidco gate in combination with the Y Spindle has given me a safe and secure option for the bottom of my stairs .
 I had to laugh after reading some of the bad reviews of this product . Seriously people , whats not to like about it ??? Yes , there is a bar across the bottom that you have to step over . I do n't find it that difficult to remember to step over it . And for the reviews that talk about safety issues/falling down the stairs , etc - the instructions clearly state to never use the gate at the top of the stairs . Anyway , the gate was easy to install and is super sturdy . My 9 month old started crawling 2 weeks ago and this gate has already taken plenty of abuse without budging . The instructions say that you must press both buttons at the same time while lifting up on the handle however this is not the case . I can simply lift up on the handle but that is not a big deal to me . I will update this review if this becomes a problem when my crawler is old enough to walk and figure it out . The biggest problem I have with it is that my cat is too fat to fit thru the rungs and far too lazy to jump over the top . I have to remember to leave it open when baby is asleep or when we leave the house . Poor kitty !
 So this gate 's latch is slightly annoying but it did the job and kept my child off the stairs . Like this product and would purchase again .
 Easy to use , easy to install and it has so many different options of installation -LRB- extensions , y-spindles , stairway adaptors -RRB- and all were easy to figure out . Even my 60 plus mother said it was easy to figure out how to use it without any instruction . Really liked how the bottom `` supports '' that press against the wall were flat on the bottom edge so they lay against the floor better . My other brand of gate didnt have that . Only complaint was my box had no directions in it . But managed without them .
 I am pleased with how well the baby gate works . I was concerned when I read some of the reviews . Installation was easy and the gate prohibits . My son from playing on the stairs
 NOTE and UPDATE : This is still a good gate . . But make sure you tightly screw the fasteners as much as possible , othersie , liek my 9 month old , kids can open it with persistent banging . . Good : - The installation is a breeze . I did not have to read the instructions.-When installing , make sure you adjust the screws to ensure the gate lock closes.-Gate opening is large . As large as it can get.Bad : - The packaging was sad . The original packaging was mailed without any protection . The parts were moving freely inside when I received the box.Wishful thinking : - I wish the gate could open all the way , but , it only open 45 degrees . Extra 15 degrees would ensure that gate can be Velcroed to the wall , avoiding accidental tackling.Verdict
 The gates are OK . They work as described , and were relatively easy to install . Our 2.5 year old has no problem with them and does n't hang on them much . Their `` one-handed '' opening mechanism is n't so easy to do one handed . Also , be careful how you install it since there is a bottom rail and you can easily trip over it -- NOT recommended for at the top of stairs -- although you can probably get around this if you have a landing at the top of your stairs -LRB- disclaimer
 Overall , I am very pleased with this gate . I actually purchased three of these -LRB- for a very high traffic area -RRB- and they are very sturdy . The gates seem to be made of durable materials and have not shifted from where they were placed yet -LRB- even with my active 9 month old pulling on them daily -RRB- . The only `` problem '' that I see is the ease of opening the gates . The gates come equipped with an opening mechanism where you are supposed to push in the button and then lift the handle to open , which you can definitely do . However , you can also just lift up on the entire gate door and lift it over the latch to swing it open - without messing with the handle at all . Of course , my 9 month old ca n't do this , but my 4 year old can . It does n't seem to be a problem , but I checked and checked to see if there was some way to `` lock '' the gate and could not find one . If you do n't mind older children being able to come/go freely , it should n't be a problem for you either . I actually think that it might help the gate to last longer , because there is no wear and tear on the handle this way .
 we wanted a gate for the balcony door and this fit perfectly ! i was n't sure abt tension gates but this is great , no drilling and it 's very sturdy . the gate is so simple in design and it 's perfect for our place . set up was fast and easy
 This is the second gate I have purchased from KidCo and have been very pleased with both . Large walk-through . Love that it comes with extensions . Easy to install and very sturdy . Gate swings both directions . Took me a while to get used to the lock , but I know little hands wo n't be able to open.I would recommend this gate !
 I have owned 3 different baby safety gates before and can honestly tell you this one offer the WIDEST walk thru space and the MOST DURABLE construction.Previous to this Kidco G15 Pressure Gate , I have owned and used the following : * Northgate Supergate -LRB- cheap but flimsy , easily broke after 2 months of usage -RRB- * Supergate V Plastic Extra Wide Gate -LRB- another cheap but flimsy gate -RRB- * Dreambaby Swing Close Gate with Extension -LRB- just as good as the Kidco G15 but slighly narrower walk thru -RRB- IMO , nothing beats the satisfaction from buying a great product that performs exactly like the reviewers said they would . Thank you K Jordan for the great review ! I am one happy customer -LRB- no longer have to worry about unstable security gates -RRB- .
 We needed something to keep our Boston Terrier off our expensive leather furniture in the living room , so I got this after shopping around reading various reviews . I was not disappointed . When you install this gate properly , it is extremely sturdy and feels like it could hold up to quite alot of abuse from a large dog or child without budging an inch . I highly recommend you install it in a doorway so the pressure mount will be against solid wood or something of the sort . If you set this up on drywall without knowing where a stud is , you 'll probably damage your walls.The one catch is the instructions are very oddly arranged , with the directions in multiple languages in one part , and the corresponding diagrams in a totally different section , so you end up flipping back and forth trying to comprehend it all . Despite that , the directions are actually pretty sound and rather well written , it just takes a little time to comprehend . Do n't let the this discourage you though , the effort is well worth it . It also comes with 2 extensions in the box , which came in handy for me . The walk-thru opening is wide enough for a large adult to walk through without a problem , we 've actually even had moving men walk through it while carring a king-size mattress with no problem . The bar at the bottom that you have to step over is pretty low and out of the way , we 've never had anyone trip on it . The the handle and locking mechanism is a little tricky and took a few tries to understand , but once you do , you can open it with ease.All in all , I think this gate is fantastic and I highly recommend it .
 We bought this gate a few months ago . It 's generally well made and is sturdier than some other gates . Overall , it 's a good choice , although in my opinion it is a bit overpriced . An appropriate price for the quality would be around $ 50 . PROS : - Adjustable size-Door swings both in both directions-Door is pretty easy to open-Pressure-mounted -LRB- no damage to walls -RRB- CONS : - You have to lift the door as you open it . This gets to be a bit of a pain-Not as sturdy as a hardware-mounted gate ... it loosens over time so you do need to take minute to tighten it up periodically.Other reviewers have commented that the bar across the bottom is annoying . I actually find it to be fine . You do have to step over it , but it 's only about 1 '' so it does n't bother me.I will update this review when my baby starts walking ... I 'm hoping that the pressure mount will be strong enough to hold up to a toddler !
 Needed a gate for a new puppy . This gate is very easy to install . Pressure sensitive pads avoid any drilling requirements . Gate feature is excellent . Check opening width requirements to determine if you need any extensions .
 Bought this for my inlaws and it works great ! It closes since they are n't used to having one and wo n't rememberTo do so also you have to lift a lever then open so there is no way my 23 month old can do it . We put it at the top of their stairs and it worked beautifully . A good investment if you plan on having a couple kids or grandkids !
 This gate was super easy to install . I had it across the bottom of our stairs within 10 minutes . The locking mechanism is easy to use with one hand . It is to complicated for my 2 year old to figure out . The materials are sturdy and well-made . The gate is metal instead of a cheap plastic . The lock is plastic , but we have had another of these gates in place for over a year with no issues .
 I purchased two of these gates for the bottom of my stair cases . They were fairly easy to install even though the instructions were n't that clear . I had to buy a 5.5 inch extension and the Y spindle pack to fit my stairs . Once I got it all together I was very surprised at how sturdy the gates were . They seem to be of very high quality .
 I purchased this gate because of the wide walk through door . My only complaint is that the bottom mountings are too low for my 1 '' quarter round . The gate needs to rest on the floor and would probably be fine if I had 3/4 '' or smaller quarter round .
 I wanted a gate that would keep the kids out of the kitchen while i was cooking , this works great . i did not have to screw anything into the walls , which i loved , and it is extremely sturdy . the kids are always hanging on it and pulling themselves up and it still stands strong . Excellent product , I was leary about getting this because of the money , but i had already gone back on to Amazon and bought another one . I had orginallly purchased some of the $ 20 plastic gates and the kids kept knocking them over and falling down -LRB- not to safe !!! -RRB- . This works great and I would definatly recommend for someone that wants safety first .
 I would highly recommend this gate ! We are using it at the bottom our basement stairs , and it is just what we needed . Installation was not difficult at all . I would recommend reading through the entire instruction booklet and looking at the pictures in the back first , but the entire installation only took me about 15 minutes , and that was with my 3 year old helping me.Things I love :1 . Nice wide gate -LRB- the part that swings open is wider than any other gate I have seen . This is very helpful when trying to get through with a baby on one hip and a laundry basket on the other -RRB- 2 . Secure latch -LRB- I have a 3 year old and an 11 month old , and my 3 year old can open a different gate we have , and sometimes forgets to shut it . This gate requires more strength to open it , which means I am confident leaving the kids to play while I am in the next room -RRB- 3 . Ease of installation -LRB- seriously , this was a very easy install requiring no additional tools -RRB- Things I would improve :1 . The height of the gate . My 3 year old is an escape artist , and he has already figured out that he can push several toys over to the gate and climb over it . Not too big of a deal since he can safely climb up and down the stairs , but it does n't keep him contained at all .2 . The instruction booklet that comes with the gate . the booklet has instructions in several different languages in the front , and then referneces pictures that are in the back of the book . This means that you must constantly flip pages when reading the instructions . I understand why they did it -LRB- 1 set of pictures for several different languages -RRB- , but it would be nice to have the corresponding pictures located on the same page as the instructions.All in all I would definately recommend this gate to anyone !
 I bought this gate to use in my home daycare . I have used it for over a year and it is still in perfect condition . It is used daily by 8 children -LRB- including my own 2 -RRB- and keeps our dog contained when necessary . I LOVE THIS GATE ! Well worth the money . Opens and closes easily , stays in place . Some of the older kids -LRB- 4 yr olds -RRB- can open the lock , but the younger ones ca n't . I highly recommend this gate!Buy it !
 Nice gate . Looks great . Directions were not so great . Opens both ways . The only thing that is not great is that you really need 2 hands to open it . You have to push a button while lifting the latch and then lift the gate to open it . Other than that , works well .
 My chief complaint is the lack of instructions ; they do exist , they are just poor and incomplete . The interconnections for the extensions are not shown or explained , so it led to a lot of confusion when installing . Once I understood the mechanics , it went together fine.After assembly , I have to admit , this is my favorite gate so far . It is very sturdy and durable . The handle can be difficult to open sometimes , but that is what you want for when kids try to open it . The door is hinged to open both in and out , so you do n't have to think about which way to swing the door . It requires you to lift the gate as well , but kids tend to just bend the gate until it pops out of the lower position . This may be an issue over time , but so far it has n't been.All said and done , this is a great product once you get your engineering degree to figure out . With improved instructions , this could be a 5/5 star review .
 I 've owned 4 of these gates for various openings around my house , including the tops of 2 staircases , and have not had a problem . My only issue was that eventually the silicon covered screwy part dug into my drywall . Sometimes I would not pay attention while going through and stub my toe . But overall , I love this gate . It has never fallen down or become loose and my daughter was n't able to climb it or figure out how to open it . I also liked the fact that my uneven doorways were n't a problem when it came to the installation and it was easy to remove when I had to .
 I 'm using the gate to keep pets in a specific room , while at the same time keeping a door open allow circulation throughout the house .
 I really like this product . It is very sturdy and the latch that opens it can not be opened by my son . He has figured out the latches on all of our other baby gates . This gate is also attractive and does n't take away from the decor . Great product .
 After trying 3 different gates -LRB- that all had high ratings on Amazon -RRB- , this is my favorite . I turned my home into my own version of a baby gate showroom to figure out which one I wanted , so here 's my take on three different gates.I think they are all pretty good gates , it just depends on your situation and what features you 're looking for . The key features that ended up making a difference to me were 1 -RRB- the width of the gate opening and 2 -RRB- the latch mechanismKidco Center Gateway : --------------------- cost $ 85 & extensions $ 24 / gate is 29.5 '' Tall / fits 29.25 '' to 37.5 '' doorway width / 1 '' bar to step over / gate opening 22 '' - Has the widest gate opening -LRB- the space you walk thru , not the doorway that it fits into -RRB- of any of them - about 22 '' . -LRB- This certainly won points from my 6 ' 2 '' husband who was pretty irritated when walking thru some of the others -RRB- . I was surprised after reading so many reviews on all these gates that there was n't more mention of this feature . - This one also had the most secure latch feature . You have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru . I figure this will absolutely be the hardest one for my little one to figure out . - This gate has the most adjustable widths and therefore would probably be the strongest in most door widths . The gate has about 2.75 '' pieces on the ends that you can use or not with the optional extensions -LRB- more 2.75 '' spindles as additions - 2 per box -RRB- to provide the most width flexibility . Because all the gates become `` weaker '' if the posts are extended too much , this one seems the sturdiest in my doorways . -LRB- ie . if the gate says it fits up to 37 '' and your door opening is 36.5 '' , it wo n't seem as sturdy as if the doorway was 34 '' -RRB- . - It does n't have its brand name printed on it anywhere -LRB- a plus in my book -RRB- so it 's totally white . - It has the lowest bar across the floor that you have to step over at only 1 '' high -LRB- seems less of a tripping risk -RRB- . - This is the one that has the highest rating from Consumer Reports . -LRB- Child safety gates 08/04 -RRB- - Unfortunately , it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $ 85 + any extensions you need . - I do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions , but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up . - It 's the shortest gate and I wish it was a little taller . - All in all , if you can afford the price of this one , it 's definitely worth it!Summer Infant - Sure & Secure Extra Tall Gate --------------------------------------------- cost $ 60 & extensions included / gate is 36 '' Tall / fits 28 '' -48 '' doorway width / 2 '' bar to step over / gate opening 19 '' - This is the one that I wanted to like because I thought it was the best deal . - The gate opening is about 19 '' - which I thought was ok , but hubby wanted wider . - The latch mechanism is really easy to operate and I thought kids could figure it out easily , but because the gate is so tall , they would probably have a hard time reaching it . - It does come with its own extensions in 5 '' and 10 '' so it more easily fits the wider doorways . - However , depending on the width of your doorway , this one may or may not fit as well . For example , I had a lot of doorways that are about 33 '' and this gate did n't end up fitting well in them because the gate without any extensions was too small and the posts had to be extended so far it did n't seem stable . And the 5 '' extension was too big to add . -LRB- vs. the kidco gate 's extensions add 2.75 '' as needed -RRB- . - It 's by far the tallest and I liked that since my daughter has been in the 95 % so far . I also just like the way the taller gate looks . - It does have the highest bar across the bottom to step over - 2 '' . - If it fits well in your doorway it is probably the best value for the money.First Years - Hands-Free Gate ----------------------------- cost $ 50 & extensions $ 15 / gate is 32 '' Tall / fits 29 '' -34 '' doorway width / 1.5 '' bar to step over / gate opening 17 '' - My gripe with this gate was primarily because the gate opening is only 17 '' wide ! I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and I felt like I was going to have to really pay attention walking through it so I would n't end up bumping it every time . However ... - The hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily . I would n't worry about a little kid figuring it out and having enough weight to be able to push it down to open it . For me it just was n't cool enough to overcome my issue with the gate opening width . - Good height to the gate . - It was very sturdy in my doorway . - This one did have a little ramp feature for the bar that goes across the floor that helps minimize the tripping factor . - Fits only up to 34 '' doorways so has the best chance of needing an extension . - All that being said , if you really want a hands free gate , and the width of the gate opening does n't bug you , try this one.All three gates seemed to : - Fit pretty tightly in the doorways after being adjusted properly . Depending on your walls and if you have moldings etc , you might need to take an extra 5-10 minutes to adjust them and get them straight and hanging correctly . - Had the same type of post for the pressure-mount that is covered with a rubbery material to help it not slip on the wall . - Were pretty easy to set up . - All look about the same from a quality point of view - in other words one of them did n't look `` cheaper '' to me than the others.Please remember that for safety , only hardware mounted gates are considered stable enough to put at the top of stairs , so do n't use any of these for that . Think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value . Good luck with your own purchase !
 I purchased two and love them . The gate was easy to open and close . Installation was easy , but took some time to get the tension in place correctly . I felt it was very sturdy . I think the people who thought is was not , did not install the gate correctly . My little one was constantly hanging and pulling on them . Another thing I found great was , you can install it on walls that are uneven since the top and bottom screws adjust individually . I also loved the fact that they did not need to be permanently installed which leaves holes in the walls . We were just renting at the time , and I did n't want the hassle of taking them off and repairing the holes when we moved . I would certainly recommend this gate , just take the time to install it correctly and you will not have any trouble . However , like the safety experts say , a permantly installed gate is better for the top of the stairs .
 I am the mother of active 11 month old twin boys . I purchased this gate for the bottom of our stairs . My husband and I had had a difficult time finding a gate to fit the uneven opening of our staircase ; the spindles curve inward a great deal . We tried this particular gate and it worked great . My boys both stand up next to it and try to shake it but are unable to even budge it . It is a good , sturdy gate . I recommend it especially for those who have uneven openings . I plan on purchasing another to place upstairs .
 We love that this gate did not require drilling into our walls , and once installed it is extremely sturdy . It also is not easy for little ones to climb over since there are only vertical bars We have two of these gates at the bottom of our stairs on a landing . The only bad thing is the bar that goes across the bottom of the opening - it makes things a little precarious if the gate is on the bottom step of a staircase , or at the top and you need to step over it to go down -LRB- we had one at the top of the stairs and ended up moving it . Luckily , no holes to patch ! -RRB- . The opening mechanism is tricky for a first time user , but once you read the instructions or someone shows you how to use it , it is very simple .
 We 've been through many gates trying to baby proof the house . Let me tell you , I orginally bought this gate over a year ago for my puppies . I orginally purchased this one because it did n't need to be harware mounted . It works great . It was so easy to open the latch compared to some other gates I 've had AND RETURNED ! It 's by my garage entrance . I can manage the baby , two pups and groceries . Pressure mounted this gate keeps back two percious at 200 pounds each and a 9 month old baby with ease . I , also , like the way it closes , not locked , but closes wihtout being locked . GREAT PURCHASE !!
 I needed a gate that would not only stop my adventurous climber but be easy enough for my 9 and 5 year olds to manage . It is so sturdy my 12 month old is not able to pull it down -LRB- hard as he tries -RRB- and it with-stood 7 nine year old boys going up and down the stairs at my son 's birthday party . I 've had other swing open gates , but this one is the best so far !
 We bought this gate because we have an old school thin metal banister on one side of our steep stairs coupled with a 6 inch tall molding on the wall on the other side , and it was very hard to find a solution to keep our one year old from speeding up the steps at will . We originally bought a cheapo that worked fine but I could n't stand having to move it every time I was going up or coming down with my arms full , so we started shopping around.This Kidco center gate has been WONDERFUL so far because of the expandability -LRB- we did n't need the extension -RRB- , the four independent spindles -LRB- which make for an extremely tight fit -RRB- , and a 3 step process to open the gate -LRB- although frustrating , its also way more comforting knowing she ca n't open it -RRB- . I definitely recommend it for those who do n't mind spending - and are able to spend - more -LRB- the cheapo is already very distorted from moving it around so much -RRB- for a gateway that is so simple you can set it up while your baby is playing with you and your husband is putting away the groceries !
 This is a great gate and definitely worth the money . We bought one originally to contain our two 70lb dogs . Even with them leaning on it or standing on it with their front paws , it does n't budge . Our cats are continually bouncing on it as well , with no problems . Another nice feature is the fact that each wall contact can be adjusted separately , meaning that old houses with `` un-square '' doorways can be accomodated.We now have a baby and got a second gate to put into a 48 '' doorway . We got this same gate again along with extensions , and it works fantastically ! I was concerned at first that the wider gate would n't be as stable but it 's just as good as the regular doorway one . They even improved the gate itself
 This is a nice solid gate . Like few other reviews had stated , the latching mechanism is a little difficult using one hand . It took me couple days to learn to operate it using one hand , but it is possible . It is much more solid and nicer than our friend 's gate of a different brand . I especially like the wider opening . The door stays in wide open position when swung back . This is nice that we can leave it open after the baby is asleep.Installation seems simple , although I must disclose that we did n't do it ourselves but hired couple guys to install it . It took them less than 30 minutes to put it together.The only negative thing is the price . I have no idea why something like this should cost more than $ 70 . We paid for it anyway because cheaper gates have small openings and we know that it will be annoying after a while . However , it seems like a minor design difference and should not command 50 % -100 % more in price .
 This gate is great . We attempted to use two different brands before this gate and returned them both . This gate is high quality and is very sturdy . When using the y spindles for our stair case it is a perfect fit for that otherwise awkward attachment . Would recommend this gate to everyone for the bottom of the stairs .
 I purchased two KidCo G15 for my new house.Easy to install and easy to use.Just one complain is one of them has defect on screw.I am going to order one more .
 This was purchased for use in a special needs classroom . It was easy to install , easy to use , and has stood up to the abuse of being used in a school classroom . It is much more sturdy than previously used wood gates . The item may be a little more expensive , but the quality is well worth it !
 Works as advertised . Very sturdy and solid . Great safety mechanism on the handle . The only reason for 4 stars is because it does n't come with the adapter for rounded banisters -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- .
 We have two for our toddler . They look great , feel great , are very safe , work well , and will last forever . Very high quality product that makes typical plastic gates look honky and ridiculous .
 I was happy to find a gate that works for us . We use it at the bottom of our stairs along with a kidco y spindle . Not sure what other options we had for mounting to our round staircase baluster . If you have a similar staircase I would say this is the product for you !
 I bought two of these gates to keep my labrador dog in a hallway when I am away . It was a great buy . It is very easy to install -LRB- pressure mount -RRB- and looks good . I also like the fact the opening of the gate -LRB- 22 inch -RRB- is quite big .
 This was simple to put together , opens/swings easily and adjusts -LRB- with extension kits -RRB- to almost any opening.I have not tested it for toddlers or on stairs ; I use it as a dog gate .
 My wife bought another gate at a kid 's store that we had to return because we could n't mount it at the top of our stairs because of the set-up . We have a modern style , thin rail at the top which is not compatible with most gates.This gate worked perfectly with the use of the Kidco Y Spindle . We also had to use a Kidco 5.5 '' extension kit . I have to say that this gate has exceeded our expectations . The assembly was very easy , took me about 10 minutes.The use is simple yet effective . It is very easy , for an adult , to open , yet keeps our 15 month old safe on the other side . It also has a nice feature that does n't allow the door to open when it is closed but not locked . This is a good feature in case you accidently do not lock it properly.We 've had this product for about 1 month now and are extremely satisfied . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a sturdy safety gate that is easy to open and close .
 I recently moved to a Brownstone and needed a gate to go around the spiral staircase in the dining room . This gate was PERFECT for that space , right out of the box . It fits perfectly around the staircase and was the solution to my tricky problem -LRB- namely how to attach a get to an iron staircase that had a very narrow opening -RRB- . And , since the gate is black metal it looks like it came with the apartment . It is a great product . The gate itself opens and closes very well , and it 's secure . My 2 year old constantly tries to open it and pulls on it but it 's secure . I highly recommend this gate , especially if you have a unique space you are trying to gate off .
 Hearthgate shipped on time without problems . Installation went reasonably smooth , after drilling the masonry to attach the wall mounts . Once everything was up I was able to adjust to our situation very easily -LRB- removing one section allowed for a perfect fit -RRB- . Our new woodstove insert can blast away and we have no worries that our 17 month boy will be in harms way with this gate system .
 We bought this gate to protect our 1 year old daughter from the wood stove and it works great ! The metal does not get hot -LRB- just a little warm -RRB- so even if she touches the gate , it does not burn . The swing gate is convenient to open and add wood or tend the fire and is child-proof . The five sections it came with was a little too short to surround our hearth , so we had to buy one 24 '' extension , but it was very easy to add on . I would recommend this gate to any one who has kids and a fire place or wood stove . It 's a very sturdy gate , our daughter can try and push and pull at it and it does not budge . Much better than a plastic gate ! We are very pleased with this gate .
 Our family purchased a hearth gate even though we thought it is a little too much money and would have rather gotten a cheaper product but now that we have this one , I see why it is a little bit more money because it is a great product . Strong and durable even for the adventageous child who likes to climb . When UPS did n't deliver when they said they had already done so , I called customer support and they had a new gate sent out immediately with no hassles .
 This thing is excellent . We put it across the entrance to our kitchen , 8 ft. and basically straight . It would be much more sturdy if we had used the extra piece and shaped it differently , but our table is sort of in the way . It does its job , though . Baby can get through . She is 1 yr . old and about 20 lbs . We 'll see how it goes over the next year or so .
 Every other baby gate we found was hideously ugly , unless you pay someone to install a custom gate . I used this gate to separate my son 's play area from the rest of the house , so I did n't quite use it for the purpose intended , but it worked very well . Only problem for that purpose is that the major part of the gate 's stability comes from bending each individual gate - if you run it straight across the room , it will fall over very easily . So I 've got zig zagging a bit , but it looks fine.I like it so much I 'm buying another one to run along the exterior wall to keep him away from the power outlets and our low windows .
 We purchased this gate to keep our one year old son away from the fireplace . It was a little difficult to get each piece into the angle we wanted but now that it is set up it seems very secure -LRB- despite our son 's attempts at shaking it apart -RRB- . One negative is that we could n't move the gate over one section . We have a fireplace insert so we need to swing a door open to feed the fire and having the gate opening where it is makes it a little cramped for us . Otherwise , we are very happy with the product . The gate door is very easy to open with one hand , which is so convenient . We will probably end up using it around our BBQ for the next few summers as well . I would recomend this product to a friend .
 This gate is great and it was very easy to install . It was totally worth the investment !
 I really like this fence . The only problem is the length . I wish it was a little longer and the extentions are a little expensive .
 We tried to use our plastic super yard around the tree , but with no gate in the gate , it was impossible ! This gate allows easy access past .
 This is a wonderful addition to our hearth . It installed in just a few minutes and it looks classy in the room . The angle for every section can be adjusted which makes it easy to fit in multiple situations . It 's tall enough to keep toddlers out and sturdy enough for them to lean on and shake it . The gate latch is secure so no young child will open it , but it is not difficult for adults . We needed something to keep the boy away from the fireplace , as children are fascinated by fire , and this is the total solution for us . Highly recommend .
 The gate is sturdy and fits the countour of our hearth pad perfectly . The gate does not look cheap . I also like that it does n't attach to the floor , so it did n't ruin our flooring .
 Have n't had a chance to actually mount it , but where i have it , it is sturdy enough to keep my little bulldozer of a toddler out of reach of the Pellet Stove . It 's suprisingly sturdy . I did n't realize how nice it was until I started to set it up . It takes a minute to realize how to unfold it , and you need some room , but I had it setup in no time once i moved my recliner out of my way.The fence itself is all metal , seems pretty sturdy . Not bulletproof , but I do n't feel nervous that my son can just run right through it . THe swivels that hold each fence panel together are made out of plastic . But they seem pretty tough too . It comes with all the mounting hardware , but since i have n't had to actually attach it to the wall yet I 'm not sure how well that all goes together . All in all , I 'm happy with my purchase so far .
 After lots of research , we settled on this gate to block off our fire place plus a few surrounding items that our daugther would be better off not touching . We had to get one 24 '' extension to make it work . I love the look of this gate - it 's black and unobtrusive , so we hardly notice it . Also , it 's very sturdy . It was somewhat difficult to set up , but once we figured out how to unfold the sections , the rest went pretty quickly.Our daugther is just learning how to walk -LRB- still cruising -RRB- , and this gate has given her even more area to cruise around . It keeps her from smashing her head into the stone hearth , and it also keeps her from being able to climb our shelving system . All in all , this is good so far . It 's been up for a few days , and I think it was a great purchase .
 I bought this to keep the little one away from the fireplace this winter . Since it 's our primary heat source , the wood stove is going pretty much all winter . It was nice to open the box and see that everything was already assembled , just unfold and attach it to the wall which I did with wall anchors . The door is easy to open and provides good access to the hearth . I was a little concerned to see all the hardware was plastic but it never seems to really get hot enough to be a problem . Although it was a little pricey , it seems well made and should last .
 Love love love this gate ! It was easy to put together , it fit around our entire hearth/step and then some . We might even see what it looks like with one section removed , but using all 5 sections it looks great . Each section is 24 '' long , to make sure it will fit measure the are you want -LRB- in inches -RRB- and divide it by 24 , super simple . Our fireplace/step was 102 '' , so 5-24 '' pieces worked great.It 's sturdy , you can shake it and it does n't move , obviously it moves a teeny tiny bit but not a whole lot . Definitely will have peace of mind when our baby is moving around .
 The kidco gate was broken in one place when we received it . The store it came from promptly replaced it . I am very happy with the gate . It works great . Keeps our granddaughter off the tile and away from the wood burning stove .
 We got this fence , along with one extra panel , to keep our baby daughter away from our wood stove . It also ended up being very useful at Christmas time for closing off the end of the room where the tree and presents were . The hinged sections , along with the fence 's rigidity , make it very versatile in closing off larger areas . It is also the only fence we found that seemed attractive enough to leave up in our living room for a few years . The fence also comes with hardware to attach one or both ends to a wall , making it more secure .
 It 's a sturdy barrier that 's easy to attach to the wall . It 's dark color helps it look right at home surrounding our fireplace.The price is a little higher than some other barriers that are bigger and sturdier . Check out the North States 3-in-1 barrier ; it 's a bit sturdier and costs about 40-50 dollars less .
 We 've had this gate around our fireplace for 3 years . We have a large hearth and a wood stove insert , so a secure gate was a must . It is quite heavy , and has been very sturdy . The opening works well , and provides sufficient access to the fire . We cut it very close on the dimensions , so the gate was a little hard to install . All and all , this was a great purchase and well worth the money .
 This gate provides excellent protection from the fireplace while looking pretty nice . Once mounted to the wall , the gate is very sturdy so we do n't worry when our nearly-one-year-old daughter stands up next to the gate and pulls on it .
 This is an excellent fence.I particulary like the gate latching mechanism . It is kid proof , yet very easy for adults to use.Setup was a little difficult . The hinges between gate pieces can be annoying . If you plan on reconfiguring this fence often , you might want to look around a little more . Ours is a permanent fixture in front of the wood stove , so I am okay with it .
 After flimsy baby gates , I purchased this hearth gate . I have now had it for 3 years and have ordered another I love it so much . The gate has never wore out , still easy to open and close . It slides up and down a bit at the wall so I can clean the floor under it . It is just narrow enough between rails that my small dogs ca n't get through . It 's also sturdy enough to separate rooms , even 10 feet doorways and never waver . Anyone looking for pet gates and room dividers , this is the only way to go .
 We bought and use this product and I agree with the other reviewers above that it is overall well made and attractive . As someone else has commented , the gate is , indeed , easy to operate , even one-handed . That said , considering the cost of the product it 's annoyingly cheap on several important details . It comes with mounting hardware to attach it to the wall -LRB- which we need to do -RRB- , but that hardware does n't include wall anchors if you are installing -LRB- as we are -RRB- into drywall -LRB- we have a free-standing wood stove set away from a wall -RRB- , though the instructions clearly state that anchors are needed for installation into drywall . With the product costing over $ 200 , I 'd have thought it would be possible to throw in 8 drywall anchors . More annoying still , the product is one bar short of complete -- it is sold with the last rail missing . If it 's freestanding , this is n't a big issue -LRB- though it does make the gate a little less elegant -RRB- , but for our setup this makes it impossible to attach the product to the wall -LRB- a HUGE danger , as the rail is very light and slides easily , and it is easy for our toddler to move it , i.e. , to push it over to where he can reach through the bars and touch the hot stove -RRB- . I 'm sufficiently annoyed by the facts that -LRB- a -RRB- to buy just a single rail and have it shipped will cost me $ -LSB- ... -RSB- plus -LRB- b -RRB- it is not possible to order such a rail online -- I would have to call Kidco directly -- that I have bought a wooden dowel and plan to paint it and see if I can use it in place of a metal rod . However , having a -LRB- makeshift -RRB- wooden dowel in an expensive product intended to be used near a stove -LRB- ours is n't too near -RRB- , and having to buy , paint , and cut a wooden dowel to make a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- + product operational is rather annoying .
 We got this a couple of days after we ordered it . Very nice service . It is very attractive and sturdy . We placed it around a wood stove and it works great . I had read the reviews about the plastic pieces breaking just out of the box , so I took a real good look at how it was folded and read the directions about how to unfold it . Turns out if u just yank it open it will probably break . Which I might have done if I had not read reviews After reading directions . . I pulled up on the plastic hinges and pushed down on the gate to slightly separate them and all sections opened with no problem and no breaking . It 's a great investment to keep the kiddos safe . I highly recommend it .
 I have 2 children , 27 months and 8 months . The 27 month old understands fire and hot , but the gate works great to keep him at a safe distance . The 8 month old is crawling and pulling up , the gate saves her from trouble , and me from too much chasing ! It was very easy to install - just take it out of the box and determine which layout you need . We have it in a pentagon shape around our wood burning fireplace insert and did not buy any extensions . There is plenty of room to enter the gate , open the insert door and tend the fire . It looks good too !
 Borrowed one from a friend and it has become our dog 's crate . Leaves enough space for his bed , floor space and water bowl . Friend needed theirs back so we bought the exact same thing . Easy in and out . Getting the joints to move is a bit tricky but once it 's set , we are good .
 This is a great gate very duable we use it around our heater so my one year old will nor burn herself . I love the fact it is very strong and works well around oddly shaped items . This gate is however very expensive and I would have gone with something not so expensive but this gate is the only one like it in metal .
 I recently bought this gate to keep my mobile 9 month old away from our super hot woodburning stove . It really is perfect . The only complaint I have is that the sections are hard to move and rearrange . I definitely got a workout setting it up . Now that it is up I have peace of mind : -RRB-
 I have a preschooler and a 1 year old . I could n't imagine any better way to keep them away from the wood burning stove . Gate opens both directions so we can easily get wood in and take ash out of the stove . Black color is neutral and blends in nicely . Does n't look chunky/bulky . NIce design . Easy to remove or add segments to make a custom fit .
 We have a woodburning stove in our living room , and as all woodburning stoves it sticks out into the room . Since my 18 month old grandaughter and her mom and dad came to live with me , we were all concerned about securing the area around this stove . We use the stove to heat most of the house in the winter so not using it was not an option . I found this item and did a great deal of research on it before making a purchase , this had to work and had to be large enough to completely encircle the area around the stove . Well I am extremely happy with this item , it is heavy enough so that I did not have to attach it to the wall , it looks nice , and it was very easy to put together . An extra bonus is that it protects our two large puppies from the stove too . I had to purchase two extentions so that is would fit around the stove with an approximately 3 ' gap between the stove and the interior of the gate , so my granddaughter would not be able to reach in and touch it . This is a great product and I highly recommend it .
 This is a really good gate . We have it up around our woodstove to keep our toddler and dogs away . It is taller than I expected , which is good , and it 's very sturdy . I thought we were going to have to mount it to the wall , but it stands on it 's own very well . I do wish it came in a few other section lengths to make it more customizable , but it 's really quite good as it is .
 Love this gate , not only does it keep the kids away from the hot stove but also stays cool to the touch . Just wish it was n't quite so expensive but it is definitly worth it !
 We just received our Hearth Gate yesterday and set it up yesterday evening . I am already very pleased with it . It was easy to install and is just what we needed to protect our boy from our fireplace and sharp brick hearth . We got a 24 '' extension for it to fit -LRB- we have a large hearth -RRB- , and it was simple to add . It 's very sturdy , great quality , and it gives me peace of mind to know that we have it . I highly recommend it .
 Good product . It looks good and is flexible/versatile . The plastic connectors seem a bit cheap -- 3 of ours arrived broken -LRB- in shipping -RRB- . That 's our only concern .
 This was easy to mount on the wall and the product looks like it can withstand a baby/toddler .
 I purchased the HearthGate for my Granddaughters safety in my daughters new homeThey have a wood chip burning heater in their living room and it is used quite often to warm the house instead of using the electric heat.I was just up there for Christmas -LRB- They moved to upstate New York -RRB- and I was so pleased to see how sturdy this gate is and how nice it looked also!Toddlers being the natural curious people that they are can get hurt so easily ... I know she will not get burned on that stove with the hearthgate around it ... It is worth the money Every Penny There is no price tag on Peace of mind
 This was a great purchase for us . We have twins and they hearth and fireplace were an allure for the as they learned to crawl . The gate was easy to assemble , attractive and sturdy . Several of our friends ordered one after visiting our home and seeing how well it worked .
 My baby , now three year old avoided the area we blocked off around our fireplace , and that was the reason we bought it . Unfortunately , it was a bit too short to go all the way around it , but we were able to configure things to prevent him from getting near it , and the cement step just in front . Worth the peace of mind .
 It is n't easy to attach to brick . However , even without being attached it is still sturdy enough to stand against children pulling on it . well made
 This fireplace gate was well worth the money . We have a pellet stove insert and this gate not only protects my 1 year old from burning herself but also from accidently hurting herself on the fireplace bricks themselves which are sharp at the edges and corners . It was very easy to put together and install . I would definitely recommend to a friend .
 I installed this around our living room wood stove shortly after my daughter was born . It has worked very well . I did of course add some custom spacers where it 's meant to attach to the wall and also sunk screws through the bottom rail to stiffen it up some . We 've also noticed with the appropriate 20 some inches of gap between it and our stove face it barely feels warm to the touch , even when the fires BLAZING!My only suggestions to improve it are
 This is a fantastic product . It has held up well against the onslaught of our now 2-year-old . The only complait I have is that I wish it was a bit taller . My son has a habit of throwing his toys over the gate , which could be a fire hazard if the fire is on . I guess they needed to make it easy for people to clean out the fireplace , ect . However , we have gas logs , and I am of average height . I think I could have still reached the on/off switch even if the gate was a bit taller . Otherwise , great product !
 We purchased the Hearth Gate and extension since we have a gas fireplace with a long brick hearth for our grandchild 's safety . The Hearth Gate provides protection from the fireplace as well as providing protection from falls against the rough brick hearth . We are very pleased with this product . We returned the extension since the Hearth Gate was long enough to cover our hearth .
 We have a wood burning stove that serves as our main source of heat in the winter and is surrounded by brick year round . So essentially we have a huge safety hazard year round . This gate works well to keep both kids and animals away . The locking gate is nice and provides easy access to the wood stove . However , the gate is hard to get to fit around our particular set up . I understand that everyone is different in their needs and KidCo is doing the best they can but is still makes it difficult . We had to order a few extensions and still could not get the gate to fit perfectly which means we could not secure it to the wall . There is only about two inches of unprotected brick so I am still satisfied with this product . Plus I like the black color much more than the white .
 I bought this to keep our baby from getting near the gas fireplace . It works great . It 's very versatile and configures easily . It 's nice looking -LRB- blends easily with decor -RRB- , extremely sturdy and very easy to use . I wish I could afford to buy more of these to use in other areas of the house !
 We moved into a new home a year ago , and this is the first thing I purchased for it - and could n't be happier with it ! We have a wood burning stove in the kitchen , and although it has a brick hearth to it , I really wanted something to protect our little ones from falling onto it.Very easy to assemble & mount to the wall . Highly Recommend it !!!
 We put off buying this gate because of it 's price , but finally ordered it - it 's worth every penny ! Strong and sturdy for our active 18 month old , mounts to the wall easily - the gate has a small bit of flex , so the mounting brackets did n't have to be exact . We added an 8 '' extension and it was really easy also . The door works nice . It looks really good also - fits our small living room well . Our only regret is that we did n't buy it 6 months ago !
 We have a woodburning stove in the living room and 10-month old twins , so we needed a gate sturdy enough to handle `` cruising '' and offer significant protection . We are very pleased with the purchase . It 's nicely designed , looks great and is holding up well even without being mounted -LRB- though of course we do plan to screw it in ! -RRB- . Definitely worth the money .
 Great Gate ! Now we can relax when our son is playing around the fireplace . No bumps on the hearth or burns from the fire . Very sturdy gate .
 Great gate , perfect for protecting the children from the fireplace . Solid construction -- worth the price !
 Friends and neighbors were amazed when we popped this gate up in less than an hour , and it looked completely professional . `` That looks so great , much nicer than any baby gate we 've ever seen '' is a typical remark . We took out 2 sections and have used it to keep our 8 month old away from our wood burning stove . We 're using sort of a modified 1/4 octagon shape , which fits our room and stove to a tee . The gate is easy to operate , and secure . Thumbs up !
 We purchased this gate because we have a wood burning stove and also a 15 month child . It was easy to set up and we are 100 % satisfied with how sturdy it is . Great buy ...
 This is placed around our fireplace in our house and it has been a Godsend - no bumped heads from the hearth , no burns from the fire and it looks good too - my son has also tried to dislodge it from the wall on several occasions and it has stayed strong !!
 We finished our basement and put in a gas fire place . After hearing how my friends kid put his hands on the hot glass of a relatives unprotected fireplace and the following hospital visit , we starting looking to baby proof ours before the cold season . We got one a year ago and it was easy to set up and can be quickly adjusted . I highly recommend it !
 I never review anything on Amazon , but we just bought the Hearth Gate , and I love it . We live in the Northeast and use a wood insert to heat the downstairs of our house . We also have a 1-year-old daughter and I was really worried about her gettinng too close to the fire . This gate surrounds the entire hearth and leaves plenty of leeway so she ca n't reach in and touch the insert . It 's black and blends in nicely with the hearth area . We did n't need to use the included mounting hardwear , but it looked simple enough to do so if one needed to . Again - a great product !
 This is an excellent product . I am impressed with the quality of workmanship , the beautiful look , how easily the swinging gate doors work , and the flexibility of how you can fit it together and adjust the angles . You really can configure it in a wide array of ways , and it is easily changeable . I am a professional dog trainer and we also foster rescue dogs , so I was happy to find such a visually appealing way to segregate the dogs either all in one place , or from one another if needed . Instead of getting odd looks from visitors about all kinds of baby gates and no babies -LRB- dog people , you know what I mean -RRB- , people now ask about where to find this lovely gate.I have been using two of these put together -LRB- to make it one longer gate -RRB- to gate off a large entryway to our living room / dining room . I elected not to fasten them to the wall , and instead have them angled at the two ends , then back parallel to the threshhold with the last panels tucked between furniture and the wall -LRB- behind a couch on one side , and a dresser on the other . -RRB- Between the angled ends and the ends tucked behind the furniture , it supports itself well . Without being tucked behind other furniture or fastened to the wall , I think it might tip over if a really big dog jumped up on it , but otherwise it was really sturdy just with the angled ends and free-standing . Our own dogs range from a 35 lb Border Collie , to a 55 lb Australian Cattle Dog , to a 110 lb `` Big Black Dog . '' The Border Collie just jumped over it a few times when we first got her , but I do n't think this would even occur to most dogs even if they are physically able , and the height of the gate is enough of a `` suggestion '' that it has n't been hard to train her to stay in -LRB- occasional treats for staying in when the door 's closed , and if you come out I 'm just going to put you back in so why bother -RRB- . They often jump up and put front paws on the gate , and it is sturdy enough to withstand this , and also does n't show any signs of scratches or wear . Have had these up for over a year now . WELL worth the price .
 The gate was easy to install . It 's pretty easy to configure in the correct shape.It prevents our toddler from getting to our fireplace . The only con is that he can shake the gate at the center and move it a few inches -LRB- due to our configuration it 's three sections straight across in the center -RRB- . The concern we had before buying was whether or not the gate would get hot from the fireplace . It gets a little warm , but it does not get hot and is definitely not hot enough to be uncomfortable to touch .
 We are very happy with this gate . It keeps the kids out and looks nice . We love the door part so we can still get in and out to put fires on during the winter . We would highly recommend this product : -RRB-
 Plasmas weigh 80 + lbs . We were afraid of our little guy playing and getting really hurt , so we gated this around our Glass TV stand/Plasma -LRB- we bought it when we were single , whoops -RRB- . It is big enough to easily fit our stand and 42 '' tv . It assembles easily , configures easily -LRB- and will countour around almost anything -RRB- . But most importantly , it keeps our little guys inquisitive hands off our components.I know it wasnt the intended use for this , however this is a great gate to box off a tv , etc. . Looks very finished as well .
 I rearranged the segments of this gate to put the swinging doorway on the last segment . This layout was to accommodate a side-loading wood stove . It was very easy to hook/unhook the segments.Before ordering the product I called Kidco customer service to see whether the gate could be arranged in this fashion and the rep , while helpful , could not give me a solid answer . The answer is , yes , the doorway segment can be anywhere and the gate seems to be just as sturdy and can still be bolted to a wall .
 Hearth GateJust purchased this gate which was highly recommended by a home safety consultant as being of good quality and durable . Only complaint was that when I went to install the gate sections , -LRB- The set fits hearths 6 feet wide by 2 feet deep , and it has five 24-inch sections -RRB- , it became very apparent that I needed smaller sections in order to make the necessary angles to fit around our fireplace . Upon inspection I discovered that the gates plastic locking fasteners are attached with rivets and do n't easily allow you to remove and then cut the gates to size so here 's what I did . I drilled out the rivets and removed the -LRB- 2 -RRB- plastic locking fasteners , -LRB- very easy -RRB- , cut the gates to size , -LRB- 5 minutes with cheap hack saw -RRB- , and reattached the plastic fasteners , by drilling -LRB- 2 -RRB- small pilots holes and then installed two small black screws . End result was very safe , very easy , and looks OEM . Saves $ 50.00 and waiting for a second order .
 I bought this gate and two extension sections to put around the Entertainment unit in my living room . I have a 10 month old baby and he is really getting into everything . These gates are expensive but well worth it . I also have the 3 sections white gate around an irregular stair landing in my house . Little door is easy to open and close with one hand . Would highly recommend this gate
 We have an open floor plan in the living room with a gas stove and with three extensions we were able to use this around the stove and our stairs . We were able to move the gate so that it is right in front of our stairs , too . It is very sturdy and blends nicely with the decor of the space . It was definitely an investment financially , but well worth the peace of mind . Highly recommended !
 stopped using the fireplace , however , it is great at surrounding the stone hearth . We LOVE this gate , it is tough and easy to install and manipulate . I would highly recommend this gate !
 We purchased this item to create a safety zone around our wood burning stove . The Hearth Guard fits the bill perfectly . We have a slightly raised and 0ddly shaped brick floor around the area and pivoting sectioned allowed us to neatly surround the stove . The black finish of the product matched the wood stove so it looks as if it was designed to be there . The gate is sturdy enough enough when in place . There are some plastic parts that might become an issue if the unit was moved frequently but in most cases the gate would remain in place permanently -LRB- or at least seasonally -RRB- . This item is not cheap , especially if you need to purchase extensions . Yet it is a small price to pay to protect from serious burns .
 Item is as discribed . Installation was a snap . Needed minor adjustment due to application . Looks Good installed and keeps the baby off the stove .
 We live with an 18 mo troublemaker . This gate keeps her away from the fireplace very well .
 this really expensive piece of kid safety is a good buy if you have a wood/pellet stove . sets up pretty easy , looks good too .
 excellent product . heave duty , easy to move around , etc. a must have if you have a wood stove and young kids . was expensive but would rather have spent the money on this than have my daughter burned and have a hospital bill.cheap insurance !!
 The Kidco Hearthgate is a great investment . It is the perfect solution to the woodstove / curious toddler dilema . Now my little one can indulge her fascination with fire by exploring around the stove without getting too close . Plus the hearthgate is so sturdy that it gives her something else to pull up and cruise along . This , and we have n't attached it to the wall yet . The cat likes it too because he can jump inside and lie on the hearth without the dog hassling him!I also like how the Hearthgate arrived fully assembled so mere moments after delivery to my door , the gate was up and fully functional . With lean times my hubby and I are being very frugal and I felt indulgent buying this initially but have found this to be one `` baby gizmo '' that is well worth the cost . Just remember , clever babies can still reach between the bars and retrieve little nuggets for themselves like tasty bark and messy , sooty fireplace pokers -- so this has n't entirely taken the fun out of it for baby !
 The Hearth Gate met all expectations.We needed it to satisfy foster care licensing who required a ` fence ' around our pellet stove.It was very easy to install . It is pleasing to the eye and fits the decor of the room .
 This gate looks good and is perfect for keeping little kids away from our wood-burning stove .
 Gate is very sturdy and does n't even need the wall mount . Very happy and worth the investment !
 This gate extension was very sturdy and heavy duty . However , when you buy he g20 or g60 gates on Amazon it pulls this gate extension up as a add on . THey do not work together . We have used Kidco gates in our home and love them . Just make sure that your gate numbers match if you are buying components .
 Item as described and worked perfectly with my gate . There was no problems when I added it to the existing gate to extend it . I liked this gate because there was no screwing involved . No damage to walls or stairways .
 We received this item quickly and in perfect condition . We are very happy with this product.KidCo Center Gateway Child Safety Gate 5.5 '' Extension - White
 I purchased this gate to contain a Yorkshire Terrier puppy . Yes , the gate fits a 36 inch door just fine , but a very small puppy can walk right through the extra space beside the gate opening . I needed the kit to close that gap . A child could n't get through the slighter larger opening that is created between the gate and the wall , but a very small puppy can walk right through.I like very much how the gate and extension function . I just needed the extension kit .
 I have 10-month old twins and started with a cheaper plastic pen that my daughter was able to climb putting her toes in the grid pattern , before she could even stand . Also once the two started interacting , their combined weight was enough to almost knock it over . Neither of these are problems with this very sturdy metal fence . The gate works great , too , so no more hopping back and forth over the other , which was hard to wrestle apart all the time . I highly recommend this , esp for twin moms ! Oh ... it 's expensive ... but get two , and they will have plenty of room to play , even with bigger toys , eg , play tent , inside the area .
 I purchased a single playden but it ended up looking like a cage - too small . The product photo always shows the product with a couple of additional panels added . I was unable to find any vendor who sold these additional panels -LRB- sold in increments of 2 , I believe -RRB- . So , I purchased another complete playden with gate and put the two together . It is now a respectable size - just large enough to not scream `` caged baby '' . I would like to purchase a third playden which would expand the space to the size of a small room when my budget allows . Great quality product .
 One of the most valuable pieces of baby equipment I have purchased for my twins . -LRB- I bought two to make the play yard bigger . -RRB- This is sturdy , roomy and easy to link together . My 11 month old twins actually enjoy playing in here because it is easy for them to pull up and walk along the bars . I do n't worry about them because there is no way they could move or tip it - it is very sturdy .
 I bought the KidCo PlayDen for my 8 month old twin boys . I wanted something that was expandable , metal and not horrendous looking . While I ended up buying 4 extensions -LRB- at $ 40 a pop -RRB- to create a space big enough for two , it was worth it . I should add , that if I knew I would need to buy so many extensions to make the size I wanted , I would 've just bought TWO of the PlayDen sets instead of buying 4 24-inch extensions . Oh well , live and learn . I know that because of the quality of the PlayDen , I 'll be able to resell to another mom once I 'm done with it . The den is easy to assemble , the gate is easy to open and close and the boys love it . I put a huge plastic mirror between my dining room wall and the PlayDen to make it seem bigger and to entertain the boys and I also added some toys around the top rail to make it look a little less like a baby jail . I also purchased the Skip Hop Play Spot floor tiles to go over the hardwood floors which also adds a bit of whimsy , plus cushions falls . Wish I would 've bought it sooner !
 Wonderful product and I highly recommend it . I do suggest getting extensions for it and we purchased 4 more . Our daughter is just 12 months and is perfectly content on playing in it . It also gives me peace of mind that she is safe .
 I bought this play yard for my new puppy . Originally when she only weighed 5 lbs she could squeeze through the slats . But after two weeksthe pen worked great for her . It 's made very well . My only critisismwould be is that it is not very portable . It does n't easily fold , and when it is folded it is very heavy to move . I have it set up in my kitchen for a safe place for the puppy . It is great for this.The door opens easily , and it is very sturdy .
 We inherited one of these sets from relatives and bought an additional set.The combined sets had plenty of space for our crawler . We reconfigured after she started walking . We use one section to block access from the living room to the stairs and kitchen and another to block access to the entertainment center . -LRB- Keeps the little one away from all those buttons ! -RRB- Very sturdy construction . Easy to assemble and reconfigure .
 We like the fact that this is a very large playpen-we actually bought an extra side as to make it larger . I can put my 10 month old in this and not worry about her safety . She can tolerate for short periods but if longer she cries and wants out . Overall really like having this at home as an option for her .
 Pros
 I purchased this gate just recently because I have a eleven month old son who is always trying to climb up the stairs . I purchased an inexpensive gate several months ago and it would n't even mount properly . There are several reasons why I am so pleased with this gate :1 -RRB- . It 's pressure mounted so there are no holes in my walls .2 -RRB- . Each of the pressure mounts can be adjusted individually . What I mean by that is each pressure mount twists forward until it reaches the wall . The reason this was so important for me was because my home has old wood work and the baseboards are almost seven inches high and about an inch thick . If each of the pressure mounts were not separately adjustable , then the gate would meet at the baseboard , but would not be able to touch the wall . This gate handles that dilemma beautifully .3 -RRB- . It 's extremely durable and sturdy . My son grasps onto it and shakes it violently and it does n't budge . And because it 's made of metal , there are no worries about splinters and cracking .4 -RRB- . It 's attractive and comes in different colors . We choose white and it looks great .5 -RRB- . It was wide enough that I could mount it at the bottom landing of our stairway without an extension . There are extension kits available if you need them though .6 -RRB- . Finally , I like the swing door feature . I can use the gate with one hand so it 's convenient when I have my son in the other hand . The handle is also very easy to open and close with one hand.I know this is a lot of info but when I was searching for a gate , these are the types of things I wanted to know.I highly recommend this gate to anyone looking for one for the bottom of their stairs or a doorway .
 This gate looks so much better than those white plastic ones . It looks great with the stainless steel appliances in the kitchen . As it stands it looks like it is part of the house . And we did n't even have to drill any holes so it can be removed at any time . It seems to be withstanding the pressures of a 1 year old and a 3 year old .
 the gate was easy to install . took a few mins to adjust the gate . but once it 's in the door way it works ok . the only to things i do not like are the latch to open and close can be difficult . also there is a metal threshhold across the floor . thats the support so you have to remember to make a step over.which took my son some time to get used to . also in the late night i 've stubbed a few toes . but over all it a good swing gate .
 This gate is great because it swings . It took me only a few minutes to install and I used it until my son turned two . It is very durable and still looks like brand new even though it was in a high trafic area . One note is to be sure and keep track of the tool that comes with it for when you want to take it down and for tightening it up from time to time . I would recomend this product to a friend .
 Tonight we removed this gate from the bottom of our stairs -- the end of an era . We purchased this in 2007 when our first child was beginning to crawl . Now our 3rd child is nearly 2 years old , so it 's time.As stated , this gate lasted 5 years for us , and has been going strong . So strong , in fact , that I will be selling it on Craigslist . It got repeated daily use , even hard use with toddlers and preschoolers constantly slamming , hanging , swinging on this thing , and not once did we ever have to adjust it . It stayed perfectly in place and upon removal tonight , barely any evidence it was even there , apart from the part of the banister where the Y spindle was , which I can easily touch up.I suppose it might deserve 5 stars , because it was a solid , dependable gate , but it was still big and cumbersome . The little door that swings open that you pass through makes the passageway quite narrow . While certainly liveable for 5 years , it was always a pain to deal with the gate when lugging the laundry up and down the stairs , for example . There was also a learning curve for visitors on how to latch the gate , but it was still fine.Overall , a solid purchase . Well worth the price , which I think I paid over $ 80 for , including the Y spindle part . It was the only one on the market at the time with the Y spindle adaptor so we would n't have to drill into the banister.Goodbye , baby gate . We 'll miss you .
 Love this gate . It keeps my 2yr old away from the wood stove . I like the fact that it is easily detachable from the wall when need to clean the stove out .
 We use this for around our wood burning stove , it gets very hot and still has not let us down . although the mounting system that hooks to the wall was garbage . I just used some water line straps to secure it to the wall and it works great .
 We use a KidCo Hearthgate to keep our infant off the elevated brick fireplace and the hot wood stove . It was n't quite long enough to reach comfortably around the whole thing , and this popped right in to make it long enough . The coloration is EVER so slightly different from the original gate we have -LRB- purchased at a local firestove supply store -RRB- but we do n't mind and ca n't really tell .
 I bought the extension because the original piece to the Hearthgate broke . I 'm so glad I did n't have to buy a new fence . I love the Hearthgate and I would definitely recommend it .
 These extensions to the standard HearthGate system interface directly with the existing hardware and seamlessly assimilate into the system . They enabled me to build a fantastic enclosure for my new puppy and it works great ! Highly recommend this product for those who use the HearthGate system !
 Works great ! Definitely pricey , but was the only gate that fit around our wood burning stove and fireplace . Looks much better than the plastic gates and works well . Easy to install . Definitely worth the money .
 This fence works to keep little ones away from a fireplace but it looks nice too !
 ... with both the basic fence 5-piece HearthGate system and a great fit with the decor of our home . Highly recommend the entire system . Karen
 we bought one of these for my son and it a good gate in practical and economical and good too
 Our daughter is 15 months old . We have used this lotion for her `` baby massage '' after bath time , every night since she was old enough for a tub bath . This product is wonderful . It smells good , it is gentle and it did seem to help calm and sooth our little girl to sleep . I have bought this again and again and I will continue to use it for our next little one : -RRB-
 After a lengthy search that included high end dressers with changing tops and $ 50 plastic options , we settled on this because it gave us space for baskets and had a drawer ... and of course was n't too expensive . The instructions to put it together were n't very good , but we figured it out . It looks sturdy and fashionable , similar to pictures online . I have n't used it for our baby yet , but I think it will do the trick .
 I researched all of the carriers on the market before choosing this one . I found BabyBjorn was recommended hands down compared to all other carriers . I also researched the company and found that BabyBjorn has been around for a long time . They only have a handfull of products , but seem to put alot of thought into the design and construction of everything that they offer . Thier products do tend to be more expensive than most other brands . After using this carrier , I found it to be well worth the extra money!I have used this carrier for 2 1/2 months now and could n't be more pleased with the product . In the inward facing position my son always seemed comfortable . Even when colicy , he will calm down and fall asleep as I walk around with him in the carrier . Recently I have been able to put him in the outward facing position . He is still very comfortable and enjoys the new view!This carrier is extremely comfortable to wear , for me and my husband . It is also very easy to adjust from one size to the other when we take turns wearing it . It takes less than a minute to have the baby in or out and I can get him out of the carrier without waking him up , which is awesome ! The look of the carrier is very sleek as well ! It is not goofy looking like alot of other carriers on the market . The construction is very sturdy . I am sure that this carrier will last through several children without any problems.This carrier is a definite must have for anyone caring for a new infant !
 I was very desired to buy it since many positive comments on this carrier . My only 1 concern is the price ... but now I proved my choice is right ! It is very easy to use & handy . I can relese 2 hands to hold things when shopping around . I thk a stroller can not be compared with it unless that is a super light-weight stroller -LRB- 3.6 kg - 5kg -RRB- such as the Japanese brand COMBI or MANTEN . The only 1 thing I 'm not satisfied is , it cant be used for hours since it makes wrinkles on BB 's body . Thus , it is no good to let newborn BB to be in a sitting position for too long .
 I loved this product . It was the only thing that made my fussy baby happy . She would sleep hours in it . It is worth every penny . It is easy to get on without assistance from others !!
 This carrier is fantastic . The quality is great , and it is extremely comfortable . It is easy to set up and use , and my baby loves being in it . I highly recommend this carrier , it is worth the money .
 If you are going to invest in a baby carrier , invest in the best . I use this carrier all the time and even my husband has started to use it and he originally said he would never put a baby in such a contraption . It hold the baby very securly and is comfortable to wear . Has a classy look to it and goes through the wash well . Easy to get baby in and out of .
 I would probably have bought a cheaper baby carrier , but the reviews on this site persuaded me to buy a Baby Bjorn . I have used it since my daughter -LRB- now 7 weeks -RRB- was born and we both love it!I was a bit concerned when I first used it that she would have trouble breathing with her forehead resting against my chest , but now she sits with her cheek on my chest , which I like better.This carrier has proved to be extremely comfortable for both of us -LRB- well I think so , and she always falls asleep straight away , so I guess that 's her endorsement -RRB- , and has been great during the winter as I can walk my dog with her snuggled up inside my jacket.It 's also great for walking around the mall -LRB- easier than wrestling with the stroller and lighter than carrying her in her car seat -RRB- but she can get quite hot , so I do n't know how practical it will be to use outside during the summer.Also excellent for doing stuff around the house -LRB- she 's not a baby that likes her own space -RRB- when I need both hands free , a baby carrier has been just about the best baby thing that I 've bought .
 Although the Baby Bjorn carrier is on the expensive side , I do n't regret having bought it as it has proved to be one of the best items that I have ever bought for my baby . The carrier is comfortable for both myself , husband and the baby . One of the features I like most about the carrier is that it is easy to take a sleeping baby out of the carrier without waking her up .
 My son loved to be carried around in this ! It is a little ackward in the baby facing outward position . But for the money and the back support ! I think it is AWESOME ! It was refered to us by a friend that managed a ... store !
 This was the only carrier that I looked at ... All in all , this carrier is great for running day to day errands , but I would not recommed wearing it all day long , you 'll feel like you 're pregnant all over again ! Anyway , since I live in an urban area , the carrier is helpful when I use the subway , since I do n't have to walk up and down steps with the stroller . Also , if your husband is a big man , like mine is , you will need to buy an XL strap if he wants to use the carrier . So far we have found only one source for the strap , I 'm dissapointed that it ca n't be bought in a store or through Amazon.com , but that is really my only complaint . It takes a little practice to take the carrier off with the baby in it . Usually , she fusses and cries as soon as we get home , so maybe she 'd prefer to be outside , I 'm not sure .
 I love this carrier ! I wear it at social events , for walks , and even around the house . Like strollers , cars , and being held , my baby only enjoys it when I 'm moving around .
 I tried two other brands of carriers after reading these reviews because other reviewers mentioned they had problems using the carrier because of their larger breast size . I did not like the other brands so I decided to give the Baby Bjorn a try . I love it and would recommend it to everyone - even if you have larger breasts . We 've had ours six weeks and I have n't had any problems .
 I love My Baby Bjorn . I swore with my other two I would n't ever wear one but when the third came I had to have one . I tried the fisher price and the evenflo niether had a leg to stand on against this carrier . I use it to grocery shop , walk around the block , cook , clean and those sleepless night I put her in it and rock back in forth until she sleeps . With its great design I can easily take her and lay her little body with little to no work or movement .
 This baby carrier is a life saver . My little one loved to be held and this made it possible pretty much all of the time . When Olivia was a newborn , the carrier was great facing inward . It allowed her to feel close to me and she was able to sleep while I grocery shopped or vacumed . When she got a little bit older , approx . 3 mos , it was great to use facing outward . Olivia loved to explore the world and I loved to be able to keep track of her once she became mobile . I tried the Snugli carrier and hated it . The Baby Bjorn is well worth the extra money . I would suggest it to everyone .
 This carrier is wonderful . It is very easy to put on and take off . My 2 month old daughter loves going places in it
 Do n't waste your money on anything else . This is by far the best baby carrier on the market . I was in Baby 's R Us one day , my son was fussy wanting to be held and my back was killing me . I immediately tried on this carrier and my son fell fast asleep . I even found that the way the weight was dispursed relieved my back!I use this product almost every day , and I would not want to manage without it . The price is steep and I was reluctant to spend so much , but let me tell you it is worth every penny !
 I could n't wait to put my baby in this carrier and as soon as she was eight pounds we would go just about everywhere together . It works very well . For the first couple of months she would quickly fall asleep in the carrier . Now that she 's facing foward she likes to look at the world . I have n't found any flaws with this product , keep in mind though I have not used any other similar product .
 We received this as a gift and love it ! Perfect for times when you do n't feel like lugging the stroller out . Also helps support your back when your baby wants to be held use this to keep your hands free to do whatever you need to do .
 When my baby was first born , my husband and I took him everywhere in our Baby Bjorn . We 've used it so much so that ours is pretty much worn out and the shoulder pads are flat . Even though the feature says its good for babies upto 33 lbs. , I found that carrying my baby when he was just a bit over 20 lbs. , around one , was very straining to my shoulder blades and lower back . I was only able to sustain it for less than 10 minutes . And because he 's got a good size belly , he was cramped and looked very uncomfortable even when the carrier is at its largest .
 My daughter is about 2 months old and we just starting putting her in the carrier . She loves it ! I think it 's being close to the person wearing it plus the baby is able to look around w/o having to strain their neck or body too much . I think this is a must have and well worth the cost -
 I researched many of the carriers before deciding on this one and am very happy with my choice . It is comfortable to wear for up to 2 + hours , even with a histoy of back problems . We were able to place our daughter in it when she reached 8 pounds , and often used it help her feel swaddled and to lull her to sleep . Now that she is bigger and with better head control we can face her outwards and she can watch everything going on . If I ca n't get her to sleep during the day , I place her in the Bjoern and cover to top of her with a thin breathable cotton blanket , that tunes out light and stimuli , and start moving . I often check on her to make sure she is n't getting too hot under there . This always does the trick when nothing else works .
 I always new that as soon as my baby was born I was going to get a front pack -LRB- that 's what I used to call them -RRB- . Well , my husband and I went to parenting classes prior to our baby 's birth and in the class our teacher just raved about `` the sling . '' So we bought one :-LRB- yup bad move ! Just as soon as we able to use `` the sling '' we put our son in it , I put it on , and then I took it right off . I had my husband put it on and he did the same thing ! My poor baby , my poor back ! I could n't see my son 's face and it looked like I was trying to break him in half . The product promised good neck and back support , yeah right ! Well , I did some research and learned that the Baby Bjorn 's Standard Carrier was at the top of the list . All I have to say is that it was a well spent -LSB- money -RSB- . My son looks and feels comfortable in it and I 'm comfortable with it on . Wherever my son and I go , the Baby Bjorn -LRB- what I call it now -RRB- goes too . Oh yeah , my husband loves it also .
 This carrier may cost a little more than others , but it is worth every penny . I tried all of the other brands out in the store with my 3 month old . She protested all of them but LOVED BabyBjorn . I found this one to be the most comfortable too . I use this carrier every day with her . If you have a baby that likes to be held all the time , this product is a must . I ca n't say enough good things about it !
 I absolutely love this carrier . It is worth every penny I spent on it . It is solid/sturdy and very easy to get on and off and get your child in and out of whether they are facing in or out . I have a daughter 2 years old and a 9 month old and I use if for my 9 month old every time we go somewhere . My 9 month old loves to be in it and is generally well behaved no matter where I am at as long as she is riding in her carrier .
 This certainly is a sturdy carrier , but I do have reservations about it . We took it with us when we went to another country to adopt our daughter . We actually had to help each other into the thing all the time because it kept getting tangled up behind us . Admittedly , we were probably excited -LRB- it 's not every day you go to another country and get a baby ! -RRB- , but we 're not dolts either . It really took some maneuvering to handle getting the thing on our bodies , which you want to do correctly , of course , because it 's a BABY you 're carrying and do n't want to drop ! :D We bought this because it was supposed to be so comfortable . The shoulder straps were fine , but there was pulling on our upper back and neck muscles . Also , please look carefully at the * size * you 're ordering . We ordered what `` came up '' on the Web site , not realizing that we were getting a small . Our daughter weighed 18 pounds when we got her . Three months after we 're home , she 's almost too big for the carrier . So we paid $ 95 for something we used for two weeks . Our fault , but choose wisely . All in all , I felt the baby was secure , which was great , but the thing was n't completely comfortable .
 My daughter , now six and a half months , LOVES this carrier !!! We have had it since she was a little over a month old and have used it ever since we got it . The baby faces your chest when they do not have the ability to hold their head up yet . As long as you adjust the height limit correctly , they are positioned just fine . -LRB- I LOVE being able to lean down and kiss her little head while carrying her !!! -RRB- When they are able to hold their head up , then the fun begins . :-RRB- That 's when my daughter really began to enjoy this carrier ... it seems everything else you put babies in shows them where they 've been instead of where they are going ... now they can see what 's ahead . :-RRB- I love how it keeps them close . It 's perfect for taking your little one to the grocery store or a discount store when you are by yourself and have to push a grocery cart . My husband thinks this carrier is tops ... it 's his favorite way to carry our little girl . It 's easy on the shoulders and back and very easy to clean . You wo n't go wrong with this one . It 's a lot of money , but it is SO worth it !! We LOVE it !!
 I really like this carrier and it was n't until today that I really gave it a chance . I tried the carrier when my daughter was newborn but she was small and seemed to get lost in it and she 'd fuss plus she was born in August so it was too hot and I put it back in her closet and there it stayed for about 5 months . Today I decided to give it a try because my daughter was fussing while I was trying to get some things done so I put her in it and she stayed there as happy as can be for almost an hour . It 's a great product and comfortable to wear and easy to adjust and it 's great to be able to have my hands free for my older child .
 I could n't wait to use this product once my daughter was born ! She was too small the first 3 weeks -LRB- under 8 lbs and 21 '' -RRB- , but now that she 's grown , we use it all the time ! The head support is great for when she 's tired and just wants to be carried around . It allows me to do so many things around the house when she 's awake and have her with me so I do n't feel like she 's being neglected by just laying her down or putting her in her swing . It gives you hands free , but close bonding w/baby . Although expensive ... it 's WELL worth the price !!! It 's safe , fun , and easy to use ! I recommend this carrier to EVERY parent .
 You 'll love it . My husband especially likes it because he feels he 's `` getting a workout '' . Our baby enjoyed this carrier much more than the Sling carrier by Snugli . He is secure and safe . As he got older , he loved looking out at the world . Easy to use , easy to clean , great product . No need to even shop around .
 We bought this originally when our first child was born . It served us well until he was too big to fit in the carrier . We hung onto as it and now that we have twin boys , we use it and the exact same one borrowed from a family member , to make life with them easier . We keep them under the seat in the car and so we always have an easy way to carry the babies if we need a quick trip somewhere or the stroller is n't practical . The quality is excellent and being able to face the baby in or out is nice . The material is comfortable to wear and the carrier can be adjusted a lot to fit well . These are n't the cheapest carriers available but you will get your money 's worth .
 We ca n't live without our Baby Bjorn ! Our baby wanted to be able to look around all the time and would not sit in her car seat carrier so , my mother-in-law purchased the Baby Bjorn for us . It is the best . It 's very easy to take her in and out of . She can face out if she 's awake or towards our bodies if she wants to sleep . It has made shopping so easy , I just put her in and off we go ! Much better than carring the infant carriers everywhere . It is so comfortable you hardly even know you 're wearing it , and it 's easy to take long walks in ! -LRB- you burn more calories when you wear it exercising :-RRB- -RRB- The best thing about it , to me , is that you have your hands free and you know your baby is safe because she 's right there with you . I would spend the extra money and get the baby bjorn . We tried the snugli brand and even with 2 people helping it was still hard to get the baby in . This one is designed to be used with 1 hand . It is also very easy to adjust to to fit the way YOU prefer . I just ca n't say enough great things about it !
 I was a little apprehensive of the cost of this product , but it is well worth it ! The baby is held high on your chest , so back pain is minimal . It is one of the few carriers that you can put on without the help of another person . Most of all , the straps come in an optional `` extra large '' length , so that plus sized mothers , or large framed fathers can carry baby without straps grinding into their sides and back . Wonderful product !
 This baby carrier is definitely worth the extra money . However , there are some things new parents should be aware of before they buy this . We started trying to use this when our son was just a couple of weeks old , and he did n't like having his arms and legs put through the arm and leg holes . He much preferred being carried in a sling , as this allowed him to hold his arms and legs in close to his body . After a few months , we tried again , and he loved being carried in it while facing out.It is very simple to put on and easy to adjust as baby grows . It can get a little uncomfortable as baby begins to weigh more . But nothing beats the simplicity of carrying your baby this way , and having both hands free can be a revelation for those of us blessed with high need babies.One more thing
 The Bjorn is really the best carrier we have found . I had requested the Graco 3 in 1 on my registry and in the meantime tried two others with no luck -LRB- both were handed down thankfully -RRB- My mother-in-law called and asked if I had read these online reviews and that Graco did n't do so well either . After reading quite a few it was evident the Bjorn was the favorite . I was hesitant about the price . Now I say it is well worth yours or your mother-in-laws money ! I used it once and my 2 month old and I fell in love . Very easy , comfortable , and yes my baby hardly knew he was being put in and taken out . And stylish too . Where I live there is lots to see and do and a stroller just holds you back . I ca n't wait for many more adventures with the Bjorn carrier .
 I have tried several baby carriers , and I have found NOTHING to compare to this one . Granted , it is the most expensive , but it is also the most comfortable , and most adaptable my shape as well as my growing baby . The two things that I love are it 's VERY EASY to adjust straps , and the VERY simple design of putting the baby into and taking the baby out of the carrier . What in the world were the designers of other carriers thinking when they designed those models that had to slide over your head in order to get the baby out ? They obviously were not testing that with a SLEEPING child . I can literally unhook the sides of the Bjorn carrier and lie my baby down on her bed without disturbing her sleep . Plus , and this is a BIG PLUS , it is COMFORTABLE -- not only to me , but to my baby . It is soft and padded , and the way the back straps are designed , they can be adjusted to distribute the baby 's weight in whatever way I am most comfortable with it . Also , I can make these adjustments WITH THE BABY IN THE CARRIER -- No more pulling it on and off to get it right ... I am not planning on having any more children , but I felt that it was well worth the price I paid for it . I keep my baby `` on '' for hours and she is THRILLED with that . I can do that because I never feel tired from carrying her around in the carrier . It is literally THAT COMFORTABLE . Plus , I have two hands free to chase after my other two very energetic children ! I really wish that I had bought on of these carriers sooner . I was trying to save a few bucks , and I now regret not buying it and using it with my other children . I am a very happy customer , and highly recommend this product to other new mothers .
 We borrowed one of these carriers for our third child when our cheap Snuggli broke -LRB- with the baby in it -RRB- and I instantly regretted not buying my own Bjorn for my first child . It was the best carrier I ever used . We took it with us when we traveled to Israel and my husband and I took turns wearing our 18lb baby everywhere ! We all loved the freedom of movement and comfort of the carrier . I now give them as gifts to friends and family who are having babies . The Baby Bjorn is worth every penny . It would have cost us less to buy a good front pack once than to buy several cheaper ones over the years .
 The Baby Bjorn carrier is the caviar of carriers . It is comfortable to wear because of the wide , nicely padded straps , and is easily adjusted to fit a wide range of sizes . -LRB- My 6-foot brother wore this as comfortably as I did -LRB- at 5 ' 3 '' -RRB- -RRB- . We did , however , switch over to a back-pack carrier once our daughter reached 20 pounds . It is easy to put on and take off , though it may be a bit confusing the first time or two . The child can face forwards or backwards . It is also machine-washable . We bought this because it was highly recommended in Baby Bargains , and we have n't been disappointed .
 I can not believe I waited until my 3rd baby to buy one of these !! I 'd always seen other Mum 's and Dad 's using them when we were out and about but always thought they 'd be really uncomfortable.Well , I finally bought one and tried it with the birth of my 3rd child , -LRB- Mainly because I could n't convince my eldest daugther , 3 , to give up her seat in our double pram ! -RRB- AND I LOVE IT!For me , it is extremely comfortable to use . I 've used it for short and long periods -LRB- all day -RRB- of time and have n't had any problems.What I love about the Baby Bjorn carrier is that it 's so easy to use alone . It 's easy to strap on , pick up your baby , strap him or her in and off you go . It 's also really easy to get the baby out again . The buckles and fasteners are easy to use and adjust as needed.My son loves it - he sleeps in it , or looks around as we walk along . We 've used it on walks , outings or just around the house . I also use it when I go with my girls to playgroup . I have two hands free to help them on play equipment and my son gets to see what his big sisters are doing.I would suggest trying before you buy if you do have any back problems as it may not suit you , but is has been a huge success in this house .
 We received Baby Bjorn as a baby shower gift and could n't wait until she was 8 lbs to try it . Well , she HATED it . She screamed , so we returned it . Baby is now 5 months old and seems to love walking around while facing forward . We bought the newer Baby Bjorn that has a sliding hasps rather than the hard to close snaps . She LOVES it . Best of all , we can get household chores done while feeling close to her . I tried some others on while at Babies R Us and the Bjorn seems to distribute the weight much better than the other .
 I bought this carrier long before I gave birth to my daughter at the advice of online friends . It is well worth the extra money , I love mine ! My daughter really enjoys it . She 's almost nine months old now and she 's getting heavier and I still use it , though I do n't know how long I 'll continue to use it , she 's growing so fast ! She loves to face out and watch people and as a newborn , I faced her in and she could comfortably lay her head on my chest and sleep.I highly recommend this product to any new parents !!!
 This carrier has been a life saver ! Our daughter has reflux and is not very comfortable laying flat . For the first few weeks I found myself having to hold her throughout the day so she would nap comfortably and then a relative gave us this carrier as a gift . AMAZING ! She was able to sleep comfortably and I was still able to be up and about with my hands free . I had just bought one of the cheaper brands when we received the Baby Bjorn . This one is much more user friendly and less cumbersome . Worth every penny ! I have recommended it to every one I know that is expecting or buying baby shower gifts .
 This was by far the best item that I got for my baby - who is now one , and still fits in the carrier -LRB- she 's 20lbs . -RRB- . My baby was not a big stroller lover , so when she got fussy and I still had things to do , I would just put her in the carrier , and away we went - happy as could be . It worked great at Disneyworld in places where you could n't take a stroller and had to stand in a long line ! It is expensive , but it 's durable and if you plan on having more than one child , it will last - and still be stylish . Once you get the hang of putting it on , and adjust the straps to your liking , it 's easy to use all by yourself . Love it , love it , love it !!!
 My son is 3 months old and has been riding around in the Baby Bjorn pack since he was about four weeks old . The Baby Bjorn is our failsafe -- if he 's ever fussy for long periods of time or just wo n't go to sleep for a nap , I strap him in and take a walk . Within minutes , he 's either out or too intested in the neighborhood to fuss . I am able to do chores -LRB- dusting , vacuuming , and picking up -RRB- and can even sit with him in the pack -LRB- he 's in it as I write this review . -RRB- It does require a fairly strong back and strong legs when you squat to pick something up , but if you have good posture , it should n't be a problem . I am sure there are some babies who will not like the pack -LRB- maybe they prefer slings , which my son hates -RRB- , but it has worked wonders for us .
 I love this carrier ! I agree with some reviewers that it 's hard to do chores , etc. with the baby strapped on . But , I did n't buy it for that . It 's main advantage is that you can carry your baby but not have to hold onto him . My husband loves the carrier and my son loves to hang on dad and look around when we go to the mall , zoo , etc. . This way he can see up on our level . This is especially nice in stores without a lot of room to move around in . I frequent antique shops and they usually are old houses with stairs that have been converted into shops . I can ` wear ' my son on the front of me and look around at ease . It 's relatively comfortable -LRB- especially for Dad -RRB- and my baby stays happier longer in this than in a stroller . It 's a lifesaver !
 Wonderful product . Safe secure and comfortable for both mom dad and baby . The instructions that it came with though did n't work for me . The make it very complicated trying to slide baby in . I just snap in both tabs , hold my son against me and lift the flap and slide in both sides , easy . trying to get his leg through the leg whole while one side was closed was too hard for me . For the person who said that their child 's legs were squished when sitting down all you have to do is spread their legs on your hips . It was definitely worth the money and I love how it holds my sons head when facing in .
 This is a great carrier . It 's easy to slip baby in and out . When my daughter was an infant I carried her while I cleaned the house , cooked dinner , walked the mall , etc. . She was much happier pressed against me than anywhere else . Now that she is older she faces out and loves to take walks with me enjoying the new sights and sounds . It 's a bit harder on my back now , so I do n't use it as often .
 This is a wonderful item to have . It helps soooo much and you keep baby close to you . We use it everywhere we go , and our baby loves it ! I recommend this product . Get it !!!
 The Baby Bjorn Carrier is certainly worth the extra money . My son absolutely LOVES it . When he was very young , putting him in the carrier facing me would help him fall asleep when he was fussy . Now that he holds his head up , he loves to face forward and look around , a position that is uncomfortable for me to hold him in long -LRB- I developed carpal tunnel syndrome durring pregnancy -RRB- . With the Bjorn carrier , I can carry him around without straining my wrists -LRB- or back -RRB- , AND I can even get some work done .
 I had a flimsy Snugli carrier with my first child and hated it !! Her head would always move around and I always had to have a hand on her head so the carrier really did n't help much for my hands to be free . The Baby Bjorn is wonderful ! I used it with my friend 's baby girl when she was a month old and what a difference !! She was snug and her head was positioned fine and I never worried about it moving around too much . The BEST thing is its easy to put on by yourself ! No need for an extra set of hands to help adjust or put on . When I have another child I am definitely registering for this one !!
 I love this carrier ! I wear it at social events , for walks , and even around the house . Like strollers , cars , and being held , my baby only enjoys it when I 'm moving around .
 I bought the Baby Bjorn carrier with my first child and I am still using it with my second . I never could get the baby sling to work well , but I 've had no problems with the Baby Bjorn . The design of the carrier distributes the babies weight well , so I 've never experienced any backache or neck strain while using it.Both of my children loved being carried it , and it is so much easier to carry your child in one of these than lugging around a heavy car seat -LRB- and no calluses too ! -RRB- . The subtle rocking motion of your walking might lull the baby to sleep -LRB- you wo n't have to wonder if the baby is asleep -- people will smile and say , `` Aw , your baby is sleeping '' -RRB- . My children were less fussy because they could see much more activity and sights around them , and they also felt a sense of security being close to mommy . Meanwhile , the Baby Bjorn allows me the freedom to browse at the mall or shop for groceries -LRB- although sometimes carrying a sleeping baby in front of you might slow you down a little while unloading the grocery cart -RRB- . The only minor downside is that sometimes little hands want hold what you are trying to buy , but I usually rememdy this situation by clipping a toy on to the carrier using a pacifier clip . This product is definitely worth the money and should be on your baby wish list !
 Since buying this , I can carry my baby as long as she wants and still be productive at home . My baby likes the rocking motion produced by my walking and the snugness seems to ease her tummy aches . She sleeps very soundly and does not wake until I lift her out -LRB- when I want to -RRB- .
 This is a very good product . I have a 7-month old daughter and sometimes she just does n't want to ride in her stroller . But I do want to caution anyone who has ever had a back problem in the past that it does put some strain on your lower back . Because you see so many moms using the Baby Bjorn , you would think that it is perfectly comfortable and you could walk around for hours with your baby in it . However , my back aches a little after I use it , even after only 15-20 minutes . I would still recommend the Baby Bjorn , but suggest that you borrow a friend 's and try it out first .
 I love this carrier ! My 5-week-old prefers to sleep on her stomach , which we all have had beat into us is not acceptable - so carrying her in the Baby Bjorn seems to give her the illusion that she 's on her stomach and it puts her to sleep like a charm ! Then my hands are free to do the things I need to do ! It was very easy to adjust the first time and it 's really easy to put on and put the baby in unassisted . I highly recommend it !
 The Baby Bjorn carrier is a great way to carry baby hands-free while you walk/hike/shop . From 3 months to 4 months my son faced me and then from 5 months to 7 months he faced out . After that he was too heavy for it . Adjustable straps and lots of cushioning . A must-have for every parent !
 This is the best carrier on the market . My husband always says it 's worth its weight in gold . When we first started using it was great to help get our son to sleep . He was colicky in the early days and he loved being close to me and my husband and the sound of our hearts beating soothed him to sleep . Now that he 's 5 1/2 months old , we have him facing out so he can see the world and he loves it !! He can still fall asleep facing out and then we turn him around so his head is n't dangling down . We are going to be very sad when the day comes that our son is too big for this carrier . I never had any other carrier , but this was recommended and given to me by a friend for my baby shower and it 's hands down more comfortable than I ever thought a carrier would be and there is no strain on the neck/shoulders/back . Well worth money !!!!!!!!!
 We LOVE this carrier !! We openly cheered the day my son was the minimum of 8 pounds to use this product . It was great to be able to have him so close but yet HANDS FREE - even now that he is 7 months old we are still using it almost everyday . He loves to watch the world go by in the comfort of mommy or daddy 's chest .
 I love watching my partner carry our baby in the Baby Bjorn , or `` Bjorning the baby '' as we call it , because poor Daddy is a real baby fumbler . The Baby Bjorn is simple to use , distributes the weight of baby evenly over both shoulders , and lulls the little one to sleep very easily . I 've seen Dad gain confidence taking charge of the little guy and strut proudly with the little one attatched to his belly . While Baby gets the benefit of being close to Daddy and getting a feel for Daddy 's rhythm and hearing Daddy 's voice up close , Mommy gets the benefit of a break once in a while ! We used it at the State Fair this year and I ca n't begin to list its benefits over a sroller ! If you 're debating between getting this or buying a sling , buy the Bjorn , and custom make your own sling -LRB- or find someone who does -RRB- . This is the best .
 I love My Baby Bjorn . I swore with my other two I would n't ever wear one but when the third came I had to have one . I tried the fisher price and the evenflo niether had a leg to stand on against this carrier . I use it to grocery shop , walk around the block , cook , clean and those sleepless night I put her in it and rock back in forth until she sleeps . With its great design I can easily take her and lay her little body with little to no work or movement .
 I got this carrier for a shower gift and started using it when my baby was about 6 weeks old . She 's now 9 months and still fits in it , and she LOVES it . I take her on walks in it -LRB- great exercise for me -RRB- and it has never hurt my back or shoulders . PAY THE EXTRA MONEY - YOU WO N'T REGRET IT !
 I love this carrier we tried all the others it seems like . This one is easy to do by yourself , it 's comfortable and you and take it off after baby falls asleep and not wake the baby . I love it because you can nurse while walking or doing other things with ease and some privacy . Very handy if you have a toddler and newborn . Worth every penny !!!!
 I love this carrier ! I wear it at social events , for walks , and even around the house . Like strollers , cars , and being held , my baby only enjoys it when I 'm moving around .
 My daughter and I loved this carrier ! It 's user-friendly and very easy to put on and take off , even with only one hand . It adjusts quite simply for nursing , and I could even lay her down once she fell asleep without waking her . I used it everywhere -- from the grocery store to my garage ! I did find that she got too heavy to comfortably carry in the front around 17 pounds and switched to a Kelty backpack , but for the months of use I got from the Baby Bjorn carrier , it was well worth the money spent for the comfort and durability , not to mention the ease ! I will most certainly be as fond of it with baby number two !
 Hello , I LOVE this carrier ! We had tried several different brands and types of carriers , including slings and our baby would fuss , fuss , fuss in all of them except the Baby Bjorn . Although it is somewhat more expensive than the rest is was worth every single penny . Our baby is much happier and I am much happier and more productive - buy it , buy it , buy it !!
 I purchased the bjorn carrier after hearing other moms tell how much they loved it . I have tried other carriers . The last one I tried was also a disaster - way too hard to use ! I ended up in tears trying to figure out how to put it on in the mall parking lot ! After having our second child -LRB- who is colicky -RRB- I splurged on the bjorn and am quite thankful I did ! My little guy `` lives '' in it ! I do my housework , cook , even play with my toddler while keeping my infant snug ! It 's VERY easy to take on and off - which I prefer to do while breastfeeding - although you are supposed to be able to do this while keeping it on as well . I would highly recommend every mom purchasing this one - especially if you are planning on more than one child - I wish I had bought this one first and had it for both kids !
 I love love love the baby bjorn . The baby bjorn is a must-have item simply because it frees up your hands so you can get a few things done around the house like laundry and some dishwashing . Plus my baby hated his carseat/stroller so the bjorn was a lifesaver in that I could put him in it and go to the zoo , go shopping , go for a quick walk outside -LRB- those quick walks will save your sanity believe me -RRB- . And I find it helps me wash baby 's hands when they 're covered in drool -LRB- I carefully lean over the sink and voila -RRB- . I tried a few different slings -LRB- the horrible Snugli and the monstrous Nojo -RRB- but my baby despised them -LRB- I 'm waiting on a Maya sling as of now -RRB- but he loves being in the bjorn . I started him off slowly like the instructions said -LRB- be good to your baby and RTFM please -RRB- and we had no problems . You can tell though that it annoys them to face inwards at first , but by the time they are strong enough to face outwards they are in heaven.The bjorn instructions say your baby can weigh up to 22 lbs . but my baby is 17 pounds now and it is starting to hurt my back already , so this item is better to get as soon as possible -LRB- BEST GIFT for a baby shower -RRB- .
 I am extremely pleased with my purchase ! Not only was the item in great condition but I also received my item before scheduled . I am extremely satisfied with my purchase and the seller for being so punctual . Two thumbs up !
 After hearing all the positive comments about the Baby Bjorn carrier , I registered for it and got one as a shower gift . For the first few weeks we could n't use it because my baby 's head flopped around too much , even when the carrier was tightened to its maximum head tightness -LRB- and our son is a big baby -RRB- . So we purchased the NoJo sling , which my husband found pretty comfortable but I never really liked because I felt the weight was not evenly distributed.I am in good shape , work out and lift weights , but on long walks the Bjorn carrier really hurts my shoulders . The straps cut in when I wear it for power walks , which was the purpose of my getting the carrier . I 'm fine for about 20 minutes to a half hour , but after that I 'm constantly tugging at the straps and trying to evenly distribute the weight.For this reason , I 'm looking into getting the Bjorn Active which appears to have better padding . My suggestion would be that if you really want to be active with your carrier , be careful to get something with good , comfortable shoulder padding . Your shoulders are carrying the weight of your child in this carrier .
 I loved my Baby Bjorn carrier . I carried my son every in it , from the grocery store to just around the house . It is a must for new parents . Also , I could carry him in the Baby Bjorn carrier until he fell asleep and then place him in his bassinet without waking him since it completely unsnaps down the sides .
 Even before we had our baby I told my wife that I wanted this baby carrier as my first Father 's Day gift . Now that baby is around , I love putting him in the carrier and taking him around , not just because I can free up both my hands , but mostly because we get to spend quality time very close together , and the movement when I walk seems to soothe him -LRB- unless he 's hungry , of course ! -RRB- I would recommend all dads -LRB- and moms -RRB- to consider getting their Baby Bjorn . Along with the swing , the bouncer and a few other pieces of gear , it will not only make your first few parenting weeks easier to deal with but it will reward you time and again with unforgettable moments with your baby !
 The Baby Bjorn is the best carrier for a new Mom & Dad ! Our daughter has loved being in her 's since she was 5 weeks old -LRB- that 's when she finally reached the weight and length requirements -RRB- . She naps while we get housework , reading a book or shopping online done ! She also gets to walk around with us and explore her surroundings , without giving us a backache . It 's wonderful to be able to do things while still bonding with her by having her so close , rather than putting her in a swing or crib . The size is great too because it works for a 5 ' 3 Mommy and a 6 ' 3 Daddy with just the adjustment of the straps . It is a MUST HAVE ! Although we have only been using it for 2 weeks , we look forward to its use for many months to come .
 I have to admit that I was a skeptic when everyone said the Baby Bjorn was THE carrier to get . I thought they were all pretty much the same and that this was just the new hip thing . So , I went to babies r us with the baby and a friend to help me and tried on as many as I could and this was by far the easiest and most comfortable carrier I tried . We love it and the baby seems to love it too . I should also mention that my baby is pretty large and the design of this carrier supports him well and does not cause me to have pain in my neck or back . It is worth the $ $ .
 We did n't try other baby carriers , but this thing is a Godsend to parents of young babies ! Our baby has never slept much during the day , and like most babies really enjoys being held and checking out the world . We were happy to oblige , but at some point you need to clean , cook , do laundry , etc. . Enter the Baby Bjorn ... She loved being close to us and getting to see what was going on around the house , and we got to keep the household running . -LRB- Even my husband used it - since it 's a dark solid color and not too baby-ish , he was more inclined to wear it . -RRB- The moving motion of being in it frequently ` rocked ' her to sleep when she was younger , too.Now we use it primarily for hikes and outings - as they get older , it becomes harder on your back - but she 's 4.5 mos . and we 're still using it . New parents , put this on your registry list !
 I lived in the city and did n't drive when I had my first child . She was a big baby at 8lbs . 14 oz . I used it from day one and though it took a while to get used to , once I got the hang of it , I fell in love with it . I walked my dog while carrying her in it , went for walks , ate at restaurants -LRB- a bit of a challenge but not as inconvenient as bringing in a stroller -RRB- , and travelled all over with it . I think I used this for about 5 or 6 months and then she was just too heavy . Once you get the hang of it , it was very easy to put her in and out of , even while she was sleeping . I gave mine to a friend and now I am expecting a boy in August . I intend to buy another one now . I think it was worth the money . I never had to worry about not fitting into store aisles because of a stroller . Though I live where you need a car to get everywhere I think I will use it at the park so I do n't have to chase my 3 year old while my baby is in the stroller , for short walks and for around the house .
 We have three carriers -LRB- two are borrowed -RRB- and this carrier is so far superior to the others . It is extremely comfortable and our baby does not slide around at all -LRB- she does in the others -RRB- . She is so content in it that she sleeps . She is 13 pounds and it does not feel like I 'm carrying anything , where with the others she feels heavy after a while . It is easy to adjust , put on and take off . It is also washable ! Love it !
 Both myself and my husband find this carrier very comfortable and obviously so does our baby as she falls asleep every time we use it . Very easy to put on and off , after a couple of practice runs . Tip - only undo one side , to put baby in and out . Leave half assembled for next time and then just slip into easily . Do n't forget the sun hat .
 This baby carrier was the best investment I made for my sanity ! It was a lifesaver for me and my colicky baby . I put him in it when he was fussy and I needed to get things done , or go out . He always wanted to be carried and did n't like his travelsystem , so this was the only way I was able to take walks and move around the house with my hands free . I also used it when we went shopping . Lifesaver . He is now 6 months old and he still loves it ! It is pricey , but I found it was well worth it for my sanity !
 Our daughter was very small when she was born . It was winter and we liked the idea of having her close to us when out and about when she was young . My husband still wears it everywhere and our daughter likes riding in it . She seems comfortable and you can still have your hands free . Very good head support . Not recommended for fast-paced walking though . Too bouncy for the baby . A little expensive , but worth the money if you think it is something you will use . I know a lot of people bought soft slings but never used them .
 This carrier has been the greatest thing we 've purchased or recevied to date . As a small person , I could not find a baby sling that worked . Even the extra small ones held the baby down by my hips and was always slipping off my shoulder . This carrier is the only carrier I have found that fits both me and my baby ! With all the clasps and buttons , it looks like a bear to get into , but it 's really easy . You can do it all on your own the very first time you try it . The adjustable straps also make it easy for my husband and I to share . Also , once in the carrier , you barely feel the weight of your baby . This thing is the greatest . I highly recommend spending the extra cash on this carrier .
 We use this all the time -- this is a MUST HAVE !! We used it when our baby was only a few weeks old -LRB- facing us -RRB- and at about 5 or 6 weeks we put her facing out -LRB- only in the house -RRB- . Now we put her facing out all the time and she is 11 weeks and weighs about 11 lbs . This is also great when she is really hysterical ... we put her in this and it calms her down . Also , it is great for doing stuff around the house -LRB- cleaning , cooking -RRB- without worrying where she is or how she 's doing . Finally , we live in NYC area , and I could n't ride most of the subways here without it ... makes life a lot easier than lugging a big stroller up and down stairs !!! A great gift !
 This carrier worked really well with our infant . She did not like it -LRB- or any other other carrier -RRB- at first and then loved it after the first month . The carrier is easily adjusted between my husband and myself . I heard some carriers are hard to get on and off and some times a two person event . This one does not require two people . We have taken multiple hour long hikes with our baby in this and she was comfortable enough to sleep in it .
 This carrier is GREAT ! We also used a sling when our daughter was still too small for this , but this is much easier on the back . She loves to be carried in this . It makes shopping much easier . Do n't settle for a cheaper brand .
 I still carry my 7 month old baby in it . It is easy to attach and to clean . My baby seems very confortable in it and prefers it to the stoller.TIP
 We went to our local Babies R Us and tried on almost every carrier there - with our 4 week old daughter in them . We wanted to see just how each one felt and to figure out why there was such a wide price range . The Baby Bjorn was the only one that didi n't push her face into my chest . It was also the only one that cradled her shape naturally and just as importantly it was super comfy for me too !! Though the price seems high it is worth every cent-wether you want your baby close to you or need help getting her to sleep , this carrier will be a life saver !
 This is a wonderful carrier ! I have lower back problems so I needed something that was going to offer ME just as much support as the baby . I love the Baby Bjorn ! And so does our daughter . She will be 6 weeks soon . She usually falls asleep when I put her in the carrier .
 My husband and I recently purchased the Baby Bjorn and we love it ! Our two month old daughter would n't even sit still in the Snugli brand carriers and cried constantly . In the Bjorn she is happy and quite content . The Bjorn offers more support for your baby than the Snugli and it seems to be made better . Another plus , with the Snugli I did n't feel it was that comfortable for me . I felt like I had to hold my baby as well . With the Bjorn , it 's truly a hands free experience . We almost did n't buy the Bjorn due to the price , but now we have decided that it was well worth the money . I reccomend this product for all parents !
 If one of the key aspects to life with a newborn is learning to include her in your daily activities , this gadget is indispensible for that purpose.Whenever she is not in her car seat , she is in this . It keeps her close to the heart , warm and safe . It gives her the option of looking out , but she can easily bury her head against Mama 's neck uf she 's feeling shy . It evenly and comfortably distrubtes her weight and easily adjusts for pass-offs between me -LRB- 5 ' 3 '' , 130 pounds -RRB- and hubby -LRB- 6 ' 2 '' 190 pounds . -RRB- To avoid `` let-me-touch-your-newborn '' syndrome , just put a light blanket over her head . She 'll drift off , and strangers will leave her alone.I hear people say , `` My baby 's too big for that . '' Nonsense . You really can use it for up to 9 months . She 's 11 pounds now and just starting to fill it out . Soon , we 'll be able to turn her front-facing . And there 's nothing more fun in this world than borrowing your husband 's coat and zipping it up over the two of you , walking around with her little nose poking out . It 's really great.It 's washable , durable , comfortable , convenient .
 I love the Baby Bjorn , so do n't want to duplicate all previous gushing . My one concern is that babies can tend to get overheated if you are outside in warm weather . They are held against your warm body , and surrounded by the thick carrier . I tried it once in warm weather and my baby heated rapidly to a point of being red and sweaty . My recommendation is -- BUY IT , but keep this in mind when it 's warm outside . You might want to go with a stroller at those times -- it 's not worth heat stroke !
 A friend recommended that I try a carrier instead of hours of rocking my son to fend off crying fits . I tried a Fisher Price model that a friend had given me . Although my son loved it , I found it uncomfortable to wear . So I tried the Rolls Royce of carriers - the Baby Bjorn . It is much more comfortable ! We have been using this for two months and I doubt I would get anything done around the house without it ! My son wants to be held a lot . This keeps him close and lets him look around to see what is going on . My only caution is that wearing it too long will result in back ache . Still , I highly recommend it to any Mom !
 Like so many other moms and so many other reviews , I was a little reluctant to spend so much money on a baby carrier when there were other less expensive carriers out there . All I can say is , if you buy a less expensive baby carrier , you are going to wish you bought the Baby Bjorn !!! You 'll use this to carry your baby in the house while making breakfast , during phone calls , doing laundry , etc. . You will use it at the grocery store , in an airport , at the mall , or on a walk . My daughter LOVED to be in the Baby Bjorn and I loved having her in it . My husband also loved carrying her in the Baby Bjorn ! The Baby Bjorn allows you to accomplish everything but taking a shower in those first months when your baby wants/needs to be close to you !!! I promise , you will LOVE the Baby Bjorn !!
 I registered for this carrier after talking to my sister-in-law -LRB- mother of 2 -RRB- who had tried various carriers and finally settled on the Bjorn . She said that even though they are a little more of an investment that they were indeed worth it ! She was right ! This is very easy to put on by myself and I have carried my son around since he was 2 weeks old . Now , he 's 6 months , and although he is getting a little heavy and long to carry , he still really enjoys the view and getting carted around the house . The carrier is great at distributing the weight evenly and not putting too much strain on your neck or back ... I love it and will recommend it to all of my friends !
 I do n't know what I would do without my Baby Bjorn . I use it all of the time . I was a little intimidated at first , so I would put my newborn in it a few minutes at a time . He quickly got used to it , and now he really enjoys being in it . It already paid for itself when I used it during airplane travel . I did n't need a car seat carrier , which is cumbersome and requires an extra ticket . I also wear it when we go out to eat , shopping , even around the house cleaning . My husband loves to wear it too . Definitely a must for any new parent .
 I purchased this carrier once , had a hard time with my 3-week old baby girl crying like the dickens and not letting up the moment I got her in it ... I took it back to the store , tried countless other carriers/slings ... then decided to give the Baby Bjorn a try again . Well , I 've finally realized what all the fuss was about ! For the baby , that is -- since babies can smell breast milk through clothes , facing rear towards me and my breasts was driving her batty ! After a good , long nursing , I tried the Baby Bjorn again and there was no crying ... she promptly fell asleep in it and we had a nice time walking around the house and outside , experimenting with it . If you 're having a hard time with a baby crying once you put this carrier on , try breastfeeding first so he/she is n't distracted by YOU ! Really like the carrier once that problem was solved !
 I love my Bjorn . I bought a Snugli and it was uncomfortable . Then I had the Cozy Rider by Infantino and I had to pull the sleeping baby out of the top to get her out and always disturbed her.I have a friend who has the Bjorn and I finally broke down and bought one . It has made a world of difference . We go for walks all the time now and she always has her best nap in the Bjorn . I also can take the sleeping baby out of the side and not wake her up . She loves it and I do too .
 We got the 3 in 1 infant carrier from Graco for a baby shower gift and were excited about using it around the house . The first time I tried it I found the carrier to be uncomfortable for our son and almost impossible for one person to use by themselves . We returned it and tried all the other styles and brands and decided on the Baby Bjorn . Though it was more expensive it was well worth the added cost . Not only does our son love it but , loading and unloading him is a one person job . We use it all the time and recommend it to anyone looking for a carrier .
 I was nervous to buy this when I saw how much they cost , but I had heard great things about them so I took the plunge and bought one for my third child . It is the best money that I 've EVER spent . We got so much use out of this carrier , the baby loved it as well as my husband and I . We used it until she was about 18 months old and were sad when she outgrew it . We even bought a second one when I accidentally left one behind at Blues Clues Live . We had tried a few other carriers when our other children were babies , a sling and Snugli front carrier , and neither compare to the Baby Bjorn . Yes , it 's pricey but it 's worth every cent that it costs . You can very easily get baby in and out without someone to help or without upsetting the baby ... certainly can not say the same for a Snugli carrier !
 We got the Graco 3 in 1 carrier as a shower gift and as our son grew we were excited about using it around the house and on walks . Much to our dismay the carrier was uncomfortable for both our son and both parents . We returned it and tried out all the various styles of carriers available . We decided to spent the extra money and go with the Baby Bjorn . BOY ARE WE GLAD WE SPENT THE EXTRA MONEY . This carrier is very comfortable for both Mom and Dad and our son loves being able to see every thing as we walk around with him in it . I would recommend this carrier to anyone and tell them the added comfort is worth the extra cost .
 My baby loves this carrier and so do I . It allows him to be held right up against me in his favorite position and I get 2 hands free . We also have a sling but that hurts my shoulders and limits my freedom of movement . Baby does not mind either one just as long as he is not put down .
 I 've tried other carriers and this one is byfar the best ! When my baby and I have to go somewhere , she gets fussy in a stroller and wants to be held instead . So , I take my carrier and leave the stroller at home . And because of its good head and back support , my baby feels securely close to me and falls asleep right away.It 's a little expensive , yes , but it 's certainly worth it -LRB- and thank god I got it as a gift ! -RRB- . The purpose of a carrier is to have your hands free while holding your baby close . This carrier does just that ! So , do n't waste your money on cheaper ones you 'll probably end up not using anyway . You 'll love this one !
 The Baby Bjorn is the best ! I balked at the price at first , with there being so many cheaper options on the market , but ended up buying this one after my friend gave it rave reviews , and after watching her easily tote her 8-month old all over Oahu for a week without ever getting tired . Now that I have one , I know that it is worth the money and then some ! I would have paid twice the price knowing what I know now . We put it to use when our daughter was just a week old , and did several all-day walking trips that were a piece of cake , plus we did n't have to lug the stroller around crowded streets and shopping areas ... definitely a plus ! I used a sling with my older daughter , and think the only benefit of that was that I could nurse her in it . I do n't quite see how you can nurse in the Baby Bjorn , but I 'm trying to figure it out because it would only make the carrier that much better . Slings are nice for nursing , but besides that I think they are too unstable -LRB- you always have to be steadying and supporting the baby with at least one hand -RRB- , I always worried about my daughter tipping out as she got bigger , and my back and shoulders were always killing me after just an hour in the sling . The Baby Bjorn is so comfortable , I hardly even notice I 'm wearing it , and my daughter calms down almost instantly when I put it on . The only possible downside I can see is that it is SO soothing that she falls asleep immediately , and if I have to wear it too much during the day , she is n't tired at bedtime ... but that would be the case with any carrier .
 I received the baby bjorn carrier off of my registery . Having an outside job where I am constantly walking around , the carrier has been an amazing help . My son loves to be held and it can really make my arms tired after a while . The carrier allows him to feel very close to me like when I hold him while allowing me to have two free hands .
 My husband and I are students with two young children - ages 2 -LRB- 27 months -RRB- and 3 months , so first of all , purchasing this item was a big step when we live on a tiny budget ! We LOVE it !!! We bought the brand new one -LRB- not the one pictured above - it 's the new 2003 model -RRB- It has the attatchements that slide in on the sides , making it a sinch to put on . It also has the plastic snaps to hold up baby 's head and the teathers to tighten or loosen the part that holds baby 's head . Anyhow , it is wonderful ! the new 2003 model is so easy to put on , and even my 6 ' 4 '' 260lb hubby LOVES it , and thinks it is really comfy . It also makes my life easy with my two little ones - my toddler is in the stoller , and the baby is in the baby bjorn - and i do n't get tired of it no matter how long or far we end up walking . WORTH THE MONEY , in my opinion !!!
 I am so glad I have this carrier ! I wear it on walks , to the supermarket , to social activities ... I know when baby is in it , I can be sure he 'll be a happy guy no matter where we are . His weight is so well distributed that even at 7 mos , it 's no strain to carry him in it . I 've been using this since he was 2 mos old . He 's always really enjoyed being in it . It 's very , very sturdy . It 's easy to clean -LRB- spit up , etc. -RRB- comes right out in the washer . I highly recommend this carrier !
 I knew from other experienced moms that the Bjorn was the only useful and well-designed carrier . It 's easy to use , adjust and wash . Luckily I never wasted my money on cheaper carriers , because I got to hear my friends complain about the others and rave about the Bjorn . When my daughter was a newborn , she faced me in the Bjorn and fell asleep almost every time . This was a big deal because she was a very fussy baby with acid reflux . It was very , very hard for her to soothe , calm and fall asleep . When she got to be around 3-4 months , we turned her around so she faced out . She loved that ! She would also doze off forward-facing as well . She also enjoyed looking out at the world when we went for short walks or through a store . Often we stashed the Bjorn in the basket of the stroller . Sometimes half way through a walk , she would scream to get out of the stroller and instantly settle down when she got into the Bjorn . My husband , who is 6 ' 2 '' also enjoyed using the Bjorn . We used the Bjorn until our daughter was about 9 months . After that , she was a bit long so it was getting too awkward . I 'd recommend getting the style with the longer straps if you are particularly tall . I did n't know that another size existed when I registered for it . It was fine for me , but longer straps would have been helpful for my husband . No matter how long you use it , you 'll love it .
 Very comfortable and durable . I have washed it twice with only minimal fading . When my daughter was cranky , I carried her in it and she would fall right asleep . I did n't use it as much as I thought because I prefered having her in the stroller or carrier in shopping cart when we went out because it gets too heavy for long periods of wear . You will use it much more when baby is small . I only used it around the house and now that she is 5 months she is way too heavy for me . For a person of larger stature , it would work great , though.I am only 5 ft tall , and it sizes nicely down to fit me . It does fit my husband -LRB- almost 6 ft and 175 lbs -RRB- , but barely . If Daddy is going to wear it you 'll probably need the XL straps .
 When I was pregnant with my son , we were on a very tight budget , but had heard so much about this , we knew we had to have it . He was premature , so we had to wait awhile to use it , but it was awesome when we were finally able to do so . I firmly believe this was the best baby purchase we ever made . I never took the carseat out of the car , it was so much easier to hand carry him or put him in the Bjorn - I hated leaving him in some plastic contraption when he had could have his Mommy hold him . I do n't think I even took his stroller out of the box until he was 6 months old and pushing 25 lbs , which my back just ca n't handle . He sat in his baby bjorn on several international flights , on train rides , on the subway , on beaches , in museums , etc , and it was absolutely amazing how easy it all was . This is not something I 'd have any infant without - I currently use it for 9 month old twins I nanny for . It 's fantastic !
 Best product out there ! There is no better ! Both my husband and myself are 100 % satisfied with our Bjorn and we recommend spending the extra money for the comfort and quality of the Bjorn ! I have friends who did opt to buy the cheaper other brands version of the carrier and were not at all pleased . You get what you pay for and the Bjorn is worth the money !!!
 This is the neatest gift i 've ever have gotten . It 's so easy to put together and yet very secure . It 's much better than carrying my son around in a car seat -LRB- basket or whatever you call it -RRB- . Also , you get to be close to your baby -LRB- literally -RRB- . I recommend this to every parent .
 This is a definite must have ! My three month old loves to be snuggled in this carrier . It is especially helpful when we go shopping and go to church . He falls asleep every time he goes in it ! It is definitely worth the extra money !
 My husband and I love the Bjorn carrier , it is easily adjusted for him or I. Great to have when you go grocery shopping and do not want to lug the infant seat in the store . I can put it on and place the baby in it in just a few minutes and we are on our way .
 We decided to splurge on the Baby Bjorn , even though I definitely considered the cheaper brands . It was well worth it ! It is very comfortable and I have friends who bought the cheaper brands and regret doing so .
 I used this carrier until my daughter was too heavy for it ! She LOVED it and I had both hands free to clean , shop , etc. . . I tried two other types/brands of infant carriers before spending the money on this one ! Both did not even compare to Baby Bjorn . One was SOOOOO difficult to get on I almost dropped my daughter on the floor trying to do all the millions of buttons and straps and the other one was uncomfortable for me and looked ridiculous . This one is EASY to get on and off and lasted for months and months of daily use . It also washes in the wash-machine ! I am pregnant now and plan on using it for my next baby too . I would 100 % recommend this item .
 This carrier is my saviour . My 1st child and severe colic and the only thing that would calm her down was the Bjorn . Its easy to use and does n't break your back . I now use it with my 2nd child , he has colic and acid reflux . Anyone with a reflux baby knows that an upright baby is a happy baby and the Bjorn makes it so easy . I did by a new Bjorn for my 2nd baby , because my 1st one was worn out . I really like the new model . It is very user friendly .
 I was SO excited when I could finally start using this ... my baby was a preemie so I had to wait almost 2 months before he met the weight/height requirements but it was worth it ! He slept so comfortably in it and I could get around faster than pushing the stroller around . SO CONVENIENT to have 2 hands ! My baby absolutely loved being turned outward as well so he could smile and charm everyone who passed by ... It 's more expensive than some other front carriers , but worth it . It 's safe and secure and so comfy ! I used it everyday to commute to daycare until he was 6 months old , but only because it started snowing and I did n't want to slip . He still loves it , but it 's a little heavy for me to carry.The buckle got stuck a few times but eventually came out . I also never figured out how to use it while nursing . Those are my only complaints , but they 're not very big ones .
 This works great ! We used it when we went hiking . It holds up well . We have loaned it out and it still appears brand new . The baby is very comfortable in it .
 Definitly a good product . Both my husband and I are comfortable using this is carry our three month old around . MUCH easier than carrying him in the car seat/carrier . I use it around the house -- he loves to look around since we started carrying forward in it . It does n't take long before he fall asleep even when he is fussy .
 I like this carrier and use it for walks because it is easy on the back , but for carrying my daughter around the house to do chores I use a baby sling because I can just plop her in . Getting her into the Baby Bjorn takes some doing and can actually upset her . If you have the cash , invest in both .
 I bought this a month ago . My son is now four months old and he still does not like his carrier . I thought my son would like this carrier because he always wants to be held . I think it is because the lack of padding in the crouch . It is a little hard to buckle baby in . Sungli was alot harder to buckle/unbuckle/takeout . The rest of carrier is will paddled . It is very comfortable for the parent . I like the way you can completely unhook baby and putting baby back in . I find it to be a little hard to breastfeed in . The sungli brand that I have used were very uncomforable althought paddled for baby in the couch . In comparion to the Maya Wrap that I also own Bjorn I feel is more secure . The Maya Wrap is good for breastfeeding . I think some babies like being in a carrier and some do not . I would have to do over I would put him in carrier sooner . Bjorn is the best carrier so far and worth the money . BUY BJORN !
 THIS BABY BJORN CARRIER IS VERY COMFORTABLE & EASY TO GET THE MY 2 MONTH OLD IN AND OUT OF . I KNOW HE 'S SAFE WHILE I 'M WEARING HIM & HE 'S HAPPIER CAUSE HE 'S RIGHT UP AGAINST ME , WHICH KEEPS HIM FROM BEING FUSSY WHILE SHOPPING . I REALLY LIKE THAT IT 'S HANDS FREE & EASY TO ADJUST . THIS IS A CLASSY LOOKING BABY CARRIER .
 In its category of front backpack style carriers , its the best , But when deciding what `` kind '' of carrier is best , well , it may fall short . I go this because I tried my friend 's and I loved it . I felt like there was n't much pressure on my back , and I could be hands free without worrying . The bad thing about the whole style of carriers is that the baby is close , but detached at the same time . They must feel like they are in some kind of contraption , just hanging there . I have a sling -LRB- adjusting ring -RRB- form maya wrap , and its good , but there is just too many pressure points on me , and I find myself adusting it all the time . I have not tried backpacks but they look odd , heavy , and too expensive anyway . So any mom out there looking for a good carrier , I suggest the european made -LRB- german I believe -RRB- DiDimos . Its a huge peice of fabric , that you use to wrap around and tie the baby to you . The baby can feel close , comfortable , be in alot of different positions , and grow into it -LRB- bjorn is good for about 7 months -RRB- . Many moms that have tried slings may find them uncomfy , but this is totally different . there is not rings or adjusting things , beacuse there is no need for them , and it wraps around you forming an x at your back to relieve pressure . The baby feels totally secure -LRB- no hands -RRB- unlike other slings that may feel like they are slipping . It also looks great and is a nice blanky when you need one . Its pricy -LRB- search for deals -RRB- but you can just make your own with the right fabric . Didimos boasts that it is of a special weave . good luck , butdo n't substitute a stroller , you will definately need one : -RRB-
 My husband and I have been happy with the Bjorn . It fits both of us well and our baby enjoys being in it . The first few times we tried it our baby was sort of upset with the change of hold , so if you experience this keep trying it for short periods of time and your baby will start to realize its a fun way to stay close to mom or dad . Sometimes our little one can be comforted to sleep in this carrier . I use it for cozy walks around the house , short walks outside , and for short shopping trips . The Bjorn is pricey compared to similar products , and I did buy a cheaper version to compare and it just was n't as comfortable so I decided to stick with the Bjorn .
 The carrier 's construction is so simple . This is an excellent product . It 's a `` snap '' to get my son in and out of it -LRB- once you 've practiced a couple of times . -RRB- The carrier offers ample padding and support for my son so he 's not hunched over or slouching into my chest . The straps are comfortable and adjustable so me and my husband are able to alternate and carry our son around in it . I wish I had bought this carrier sooner . -LRB- My son is now two months old and weights 13 pounds . -RRB- This carrier is worth every penny !!! Do n't waste your time on cheaper and inferior carriers ... invest in the Baby Bjorn !
 I got a lot of use out of this carrier when I went shopping , exercising on the treadmill , and walking outside . It was never uncomfortable and super easy to adjust .
 I 've tried several other brands but of them all THIS ONE is the BEST ! There are no flimsy latches to deal with nor is it an inconvenience to put on . In fact , putting it is on is literally a snap -- well , actually , a few snaps . And , above all in importance , this is most comfortable for baby . With the other products I 've tried , the biggest annonyances were the latches that often got in baby 's way . This product is a no-brainer . It is so intuitively designed ! All it took was for me to read one line of instructions and the rest was really straight-forward . I would highly recommend this product .
 This front carrier is super , they 've made some improvements in the past couple of years with the fasteners which make it even better . Great for facing in and out -- highly recommend -- especially for travel thru airports , etc. .
 It is safe , easy to get in and out of . My friend bought a cheaper one and hates it . She is always asking to borrow mine . Great carrier !
 We originally bought this carrier -LRB- regular size -RRB- in March 2002 before my son was born . It has saved our sanity and kept our hands free while we went about our business . It 's especially helpful during grocery shopping when your baby ca n't sit well in the shopping cart yet and wo n't tolerate much time in the infant car seat . We 've even used it at Disneyland to easily maneveur around crowds and lines . Our son absolutely loved the security of being close to us . My husband -LRB- 5 ' 10 -RRB- wears an XL shirt and I 'm a small -LRB- 5 ' -RRB- , yet it fits us both perfectly . With our second child coming , though , I registered for an XL carrier specifically for my husband so we would n't have to keep adjusting the straps on our original one . To my surprise , Baby Bjorn redesigned the carrier a little -LRB- the head support now adjusts more easily -RRB- . I 'm envious now . I 'm seriously tempted to return the XL carrier we received as a gift and getting a regular one , then ordering XL straps seperately from another online site . -LRB- Do a search on the web . It 's only $ 40 for the XL straps only . -RRB- A word of caution
 I had registered for and received this for a baby shower . I was a little concerned with the price but now I know it was totally worth it . We used it occasionally when my son was 1-2 months old , he would fall asleep in it every time . Now that he is 6 months , when I need to get something done but he wants to be held , it 's the perfect thing . It is really easy to get him in and out of , the shoulder straps are very comfortable and they adjust easily . He loves being toted around in it for hours . I can also tell it will last through future children .
 I got it before my baby was born . I could n`t wait to try it . When I did I could n`t stop using it , because it ` s very comfortable for me and for my baby . Worth even more !
 This is probably the most comfortable carrier out there . We bought this when we did n't get it from the registry . I 'm glad we did . I use it all the time when we go grocery shopping with the baby . It 's easy to shop when you do n't have to worry about your new baby - he 's snug as a bug in a rug right in front . He loves being held like this , also . The carrier is really easy to attach . A real plus is the ease of putting baby in the carrier once it 's on you . You really can do it by yourself , unlike other carriers . The straps are wide enough and padded so that they do n't cut into your skin . Baby is close enough to your body , so that carrying does n't hurt your back .
 First I tried a Snugli , then a sling thing and then different brand of front loading carrier that was less expensive . All had MAJOR flaws in the design - the Snugli killed my back , the sling thing swallowed the baby up like a giant fish mouth and also hung too low no matter what I did , and the last carrier was so complicated I just gave up , frustrated . It literally had two pages of instructions and diagrams.When I finally broke down and bought the Baby Bjorn it was luxurious ! The above problems -- all gone ! They say this is the gold standard in baby carriers and I must agree.The only problems other parents and I have had are that
 There 's a reason why the Bjorn baby carrier is touted as the best on the market ; it 's lightweight , soft , machine washable and comfortable as all get out . I 've tried the Snuggli brand before , and was less than impressed . The criss-cross back design of the Bjorn carrier distributes baby 's weight better , leaving your shoulders pain-free . I can literally wear this for hours and not get fatigued or sore . This is also the only brand of carrier that will support a baby up to 33 pounds -LRB- of course , by then I hope he 's walking on his own ! -RRB- Being a total sucker for anything plaid , I purchased the navy blue and tartan pattern -LRB- most carriers I 've seen are too cutsie-wootsie for my taste -RRB- . If you 're looking for a baby carrier , look no further than Baby Bjorn . It 's worth the extra money - trust me .
 The Baby Bjorn is a wonderful product . My son loves all the attention he gets when I 'm out running errands . He gets to see the world rather than just seeing bits and pieces from his stroller . He 's 17 pounds now and we are still using it every day . When you use it for a newborn make sure you leave their hands inside to rest on against your chest and they 'll be more comfortable and maybe even fall asleep .
 When I was registering for this item I was torn between this carrier and a less expensive brand . I am so glad that I went with this one ! It is easy to use -LRB- although a little confusing when I first took it out of the box -RRB- and soooo comfortable ! I quickly got the hang of getting my son in and outof it on my own.I 've been using it for 6 months and my son still loves it . I thought I would n't have much use for it by this stage but I still use it almost as much . My son is now 16 pounds and does n't always like being confined to a stroller . When I go shopping he is safe , comfy and happy to be `` held '' and I have free hands to shop , pay etc. . The nicest surprise is that even at 16 pounds , my back does n't hurt during or after carrying him around in it - thanks to the supportive straps and design of this carrier.I highly recommend this or any Baby Bjorn carrier ! The quality is terrific and I know I 'll be able to use it with any future children I have . This really is one scenario that you get what you pay for .
 My baby is now 11 months old and has just outgrown her Bjorn carrier . So sad ! I loved using it and she loved being in it . I 'd say it is the most important baby item you will buy . I took her everywhere in the Baby Bjorn . She is a very fussy baby and was very soothed while riding in the Bjorn carrier . She loved facing forward and seeing everything infront of me . I used it everyday for 11 months . If only got uncomfortable after my baby reached 20 pounds plus , then my shoulder and neck muscles started to hurt with her in it , but by that time she was ready to ride in a grocery cart . I was very saddened the day I had to put away the Baby Bjorn . That same day I saw a lady with her tiny baby in a Bjorn and I cried ! It was that usual and important to me . You can not go wrong with this carrier . it is well worth the extra money to buy the best . It is very comfortable for mother and baby and after several washing , it never saw any wear . It is strong , sturdy and , most important , safe . This is one baby item you can not live without , or at least I could n't .
 I really wanted a soft carrier , and the Bjorn had great reviews ... but it 's pricey . Luckily , my mother-in-law was feeling generous with the baby gifts , and she bought us one.At first , my son hated it . When he was little , I would put him in it , expecting him to sleep peacefully like so many other babies I had seen . More often than not , though , he would thrash his head around and mash his face into my chest . Boy was I glad we had n't paid for this!But we kept trying ... Once he was big enough to flip around ... he loved it ! I use this mostly when I am out and shopping , rather than putting him in his baby bucket in the cart . He loves to be up high and look around . Everyone remarks on what a quiet , happy baby he is . -LRB- If they only lived with us ... -RRB- No matter how much of a fusspot he is being , putting him in the Bjorn almost always makes him happy . I keep it in the basket of my stroller when we go for walks , so if he starts wailing -LRB- as he usually does after about 2 miles -RRB- I can switch him to the Bjorn and he will be happy until we are home.He started teething early and one great thing about the Bjorn is it puts something soft and squishy right at mouth level for him to chew on . Dealing with a baby who is teething but lacks the developmental skills to hold and use a teething toy is maddening - so this is a great little side benefit to the carrier.The first few times I wore the Bjorn , it did feel a little hard on my back . Now I have no problems with that at all , and my baby is about 16 1/2 pounds . -LRB- He 's a big 4 1/2 month old ... -RRB- I have no fears of him falling out of this thing , it holds him quite securely . It 's a little akward getting him into it when I am by myself and want him to be forward facing - but he does n't seem to mind being flipped about and arched back over my shoulder for the little bit of time it takes . It would be nice if there were some way transfer the baby from person to person without removing him from the Bjorn , but doing so would probably make the carrier a lot less secure.The longest I have ever walked using this carrier is about 1 1/2 miles . Before he was born , I really thought this would be great for nice , long , arm swinging walks , but it has n't really worked out that way . At about that point , we both start to get a little fussy . Also , his hands get really cold , I think because the top edge of the carrier cuts into his armpits and cuts off circulation . I have tried adjusting the seat height , but I ca n't seem to find a way around this . It does n't happen if the top flap is fasted over his shoulders , but he likes to have his arms free and doing that restricts his arms.I have n't tried any other soft carriers to compare this to , but I did get a Maya Wrap sling . My husband liked the sling when the baby was little , but I was never comfortable using it . It made the baby so folded up , I was constantly checking his breathing , as well as constantly supporting his weight with my arm , which rather defeated the purpose of using the sling in the first place . I really like how the carrier allows me to have my baby close , be arms free , yet still feel my baby is safe and supported.It would be nice if they made the regular carrier with just slightly longer straps . This size works just fine for both my husband and I , but I really find it annoying how you have to pay so much extra for just two more inches of material if you and your spouse are very different in size.One more sort of so-so point about this is , they say you can use it for nursing , but I ca n't understand why you would want to . I understand how to do it in theory , but I have never tried it and doubt I ever will .
 I would give this carrier 6 stars if I could ! It is absolutely fabulous . I got this after returning the Graco -LRB- which was awful - my baby hated it -RRB- and I love it . It is extremely easy to put on - takes about as long as it takes to put on a jacket . It adjusts to the baby 's height and does so very easily . And it is comfortable . I can carry my baby -LRB- 17lbs . -RRB- for hours without my back hurting and the baby loves it too , he even fell asleep in it while facing forward -LRB- and his head was well supported -RRB- . A definite must-have for any parent !
 This thing makes everything easier . It did n't really work for us until our daughter was about 3 weeks old , but we did n't really want to go out before that anyway . It looks complicated , but as soon as I got it out of the box , it was self-explanatory - and if you 're confused , the instructions are SEWN onto the inside of the carrier.Also , it adjusts to fit my husband with minimal effort . This is much better than those slings . I recommend it for anyone who has a baby and still wants a life !!
 This carrier is easy to use , comfortable , and a cinch to adjust , but I suspect that all carriers are eventually going to put a strain on the wearer 's back . So a word to the wise
 You ca n't go wrong with the Baby Bjorn Baby Carrier . I was turned off by the price , but after buying and returning two others , I finally spent the extra money and went with the Baby Bjorn . This is the best - I wish I would have had it from day 1 ! The design makes it so easy to get baby in and out of -LRB- even sleeping -RRB- ! My daughter is now 9 months old and I am still using it and she still loves to be in it . Do n't waste your time on the other carriers out there - start with this one !
 Ill keep this review short and sweet . It is totally worth the money . My baby loves being cuddled up to me in it and I can hold my baby and be hands free . I have massive back problems , but have never had any aches or pains with it no matter how long I carry him . Great Product !
 I got this carrier before my baby was born . It was great when he was a newborn ... I used it often to get him to go to sleep . But now being a rather chubby 3 month old -LRB- 17 pounds -RRB- the carrier is getting too tight for him girth wise . I wish there was a way to adjust the girth as well as the length .
 My husband and I purchased this carrier before we traveled for the first time with our 4 1/2 month old son . We were going on a cruise and thought a carrier might be easier than a stroller . I had received a Snugli as a baby shower gift ; it was uncomfortable to wear and our son seemed cramped in it -LRB- at 4 1/2 months he was almost 16 pounds -RRB- . After reading reviews , we decided to purchase the Baby Bjorn . We abslolutely love it and think it is well worth the money . I had no problems putting my son in or taking him out by myself . I found it easy to put on and adjust . -LRB- Take the time to read the manual to make sure you know how to use it properly first . -RRB- My son slept comfortably in it ; and I could take him out and put him down while he was still asleep . I wore it to dinner and was comfortable eating with my son in my lap . The only thing I did n't master was nursing my son while he was in the carrier , but it was easy enough to get him out even while seated on the plane . If you 're looking to purchase a carrier , give this one a try ; you 'll be happy you did !
 I purchased the Baby Bjorn 2 months ago when my baby was three months old . So far , I use it atleast twice a week and love it . It was a little confusing the first time I put it together and since then is a cinch . It takes me about 2 minutes to get her out of her carseat and into our Baby Bjorn and we 're off to the mall or grocery store . She likes it and so do I.
 I bought this before my son was born , and it 's been a great purchase . If you 'd like to compare with other products , you 'll spend more money for this one - but , it 's all worth every penny!We just returned from our trip to Hawaii -LRB- 7 hours flight -RRB- . We had our 7 months old son sat on our laps . My hubby reminded me to bring our baby bjorn on board , and I did . Gosh , it was a life saver !! Our baby slept during the flight -LRB- No tylenol needed ! -RRB- . The only time he woke up was when he was hungry or need a bottle . Other than that he dozed off ! We put him facing back , so he can slept well with our chest as a support.If you want to have a happy baby and have free hands to do some chores - THIS IS IT ! Buy this and you wo n't be sorry .
 I absolutely love this product . I carry my 4-week old all over the house when I do laundry , wash dishes , etc. . It 's also wonderful for taking the baby outside for a walk . I get some fresh air and mild exercise and the baby gets a change of scenery too . It 's ideal for going grocery shopping because the baby is close to me and strangers are less likely to touch him or get close to his face since he 's right against my body . Also , I then have two hands free to push a shopping cart and deal with my wallet , etc. . Awesome ! I 've also been able to breastfeed with my son in the Bjorn ! I just unbuckled one side so he could lean to the side and he was able to eat and I could hold him with one arm while putting ornaments on our Christmas tree ! What a valuable investment . I highly recommend this for anyone who wants to have their baby close , but also has things they need to get done during the day.EDITED TO SAY that while I definitely loved my Bjorn , it turned out to be one of the factors in causing recurrent breast infections for me . I ended up having 7 infections with my first son . I changed to a Hotsling carrier instead when I had my 2nd baby , and have had ZERO infections ! Our Bjorn still got a little use by my husband , but I can no longer use it .
 We started using the Baby Bjorn for walks when our son was 2 weeks old . The wide soft straps are great but since there 's no waist/hip strap to take the weight off your back , your upper back does get tired . The carrier is simple enough that one person alone can get the baby safely into it . Our son loved it from the beginning . We used it to calm his colicky spells , and it always worked . We have a Snugli Easy Comfort Plus which is more comfortable for wearing longer periods -LRB- has a hip strap -RRB- but is much harder to get into .
 I was n't very hip on the idea of spending the money on this carrier but my husband really wanted it . I 'm very happy we did purchase this item ! It is so easy to put on ! I can do it myself with out any help . Baby is very comfortable , facing forward and towards mommy or daddy ! Carriers I 've tried in the past smash the baby and take forever to adjust . This is the best I 've used by far .
 I know there are less expensive carriers out there , but the Baby Bjorn is worth every penny . I carry my daughter on the front and her diaper bag backpack on my back . Recently I flew to LA , and it was a breeze getting through the airport with her safely attached to me . Security made me take her out and run the Bjorn through the detector , but I did not have the burden of dealing with her stroller in a crowded airport . She loves to be carried around in her Bjorn so that she can see everything . This carrier is sturdy and reliable and I have gotten my money 's worth out of it .
 I have the Baby Bjorn for my 4.5 month old son . It 's the best carrier ever ! He absolutely adores it - once his head was steady enough he loved to be faced forward . It distributes the weight of the baby as well as any carrier can and leaves me less achy than the sling or any other carrier . Drawbacks
 This is by far the best carrier on the market , and we 've tried several . My daughter loves being in it - we go everywhere with it . I love the fact that it is so sturdy and easy to use . My mind is at ease knowing that she is safe and secure . Other brands that we 've tried never felt very durable to me . The Bjorn distributes the weight evenly -LRB- more so than the others -RRB- . This is definitely a must have item for new parents ! We also bought the XL straps for my husband . He does n't use them nearly as much as I do , but it 's still comforting to know that if we ever needed him to `` Bjorn '' her , we 'd have the extra straps .
 Used the Bjorn CONSTANTLY with my son from age 6 weeks to 6 months . Loved it . Baby loved it .
 The Baby Bjorn carrier was one of the first items we bought when we found out we were having a baby . I 'm so glad we did ! When my son is feeling clingy and does n't want to be set down so I can get ready for the day , I just slip him in the Baby Bjorn . He 's content and I can dry my hair , etc. without dealing with a fussy baby . We 've also found it to be useful when we go to the grocery store . Our carseat wo n't snap into a lot of grocery carts , so into the Baby Bjorn he goes ! He loves being close to mommy and daddy and getting to see everything from up high.The fabric and design of the Baby Bjorn are durable and attractive . I purchased the Tartan Navy because I thought it had a little bit more `` personality '' than the plain black or navy . We have friends who own other brands of soft carriers and they seem flimsy and generally unsafe . We feel confident that our son is safe and comfortable in the Baby Bjorn . A great investment for your first baby and future children !
 I bring this carrier with me whenever I fly . I can simply pace the aisle of an airplane with my baby in the carrier if she gets fussy . Its also great for train rides , I put her in facing out and she essentially sits on my lap without me having to hold onto her . I also feel much safer having her strapped onto me with all the bumps and jerks that come with riding the train .
 One of the items requested by the mother to be and the ease of online buying with shipping and all worked out great for me . Far as I know , she liked it . Got a thank you and avoided the store .
 I got the Baby Bjorn as a gift as a new mom , and I believe that as far as gear goes , this is the best product out there . I got the wide straps , which is FAR more comfortable . My son was a preemie , so I had to wait until he was big enough to put in . After that , he practically lived in it . Both me and my husband used this carrier constantly . Our son had reflux , so the carrier was perfect for keeping him upright so he threw up less . When he could hold his head upright , I switched him to facing out , and he loved it ! I finally had to switch to a hip carrier when he was 27 pounds -LRB- my Baby Bjorn says OK up to 33 pounds -RRB- because his feet hit my knees , and he would lean forward suddenly . I traveled a lot and could n't have made it through the first year without my baby bjorn . Its been washed dozens of times , and although the fabric has faded a little , it has held up wonderfully ! If I could have , I would give this 6 stars !
 I thank GOD for this carrier!Even before my son was born , I knew I always wanted to use a carrier instead of a stroller whenever we need to go out , so I really researched the ` Net for my best option . This Baby Bjorn carrier always seem to come on top of the list , but it 's sooo pricey -LRB- as compared to other carriers and even to other strollers -RRB- ! After a long and hard think , I decided to go for this Baby Bjorn Tartan Navy and got it when my son was two months . As you can infer from the rating I gave it , I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- very satisfied . I was able to use it extensively -- in and out of our house . My son , from two to four months , would n't sleep anywhere during the day but in this carrier . Sure , he 'd fall asleep on the bassinet or the bed but he 'd almost immediately wake-up crying or screaming . So , I 'd put him here -- lo and behold , he 'll be drifting away to dream land in a few minutes.It 's also easy to put on if your baby is already able to support his/her head . Otherwise , you 'll need somebody else 's help -LRB- to hook things up -RRB- . It 's also beneficial for winter babies because the thick padding can be an added source of warmth , not to mention your own body heat when you 're carrying him/her . If you 're 5 ' 8 '' or taller , you should consider the length of the straps -- try the extra-large ones.My son is now nine months and 20lbs + and we 're still able to use this carrier , but with the added -LRB- and very unwanted -RRB- shoulder and back pain . However , that does n't deter me from giving it five stars , because the manufacturer warned that back pain may ensue when using with babies weighing 20lbs + .
 I found that this carrier offered me a great deal of relief from the back pain I had when carrying my baby about . It also left my hands free to go shopping , yet kept baby close enough to me that I had no worries for his safety.The other recommendation is that my baby loves it . Although every baby is different , and some might hate being in this sling , I think the closeness to the parent and the snugness of the sling all contribute towards the happiness of the baby . The two settings are also useful .
 I love this carrier ! I received it as a gift from my brother who was visiting Sweden -LRB- where they are made -RRB- after he noticed how EVERYONE in Europe was using them ... and it is truly wonderful ! Sturdy , attractive , easy to use and adjust , and comfy for both the baby and me-it is a must if your little one is somewhat fussy for a certain period each day-I 've been able to avert such times by placing him in the carrier before the fussy time hit and going about my business-doing housework -LRB- esp . vacuuming -RRB- , walking , just about anything ! Definite must and better -LRB- IMHO -RRB- than all others on the market !
 My daughter and I would not have survived the first 4 months without this baby carrier !! She loved it ! At times it was the only way she would sleep during the day and still allow me the mobility to get around - inside and out . The carrier is VERY easy to use and very durable - a quality product . I highly recommend buying this product .
 The baby bjorn is awesome , everyone should have it . Our baby loves it so much more than the Dr Sears sling -LRB- she is too squished up in that and plus she ca n't see out -RRB- . We got ours as a shower gift , and it is one of our favorite ones .
 I have a 2 month old who is colicky , and NOTHING helps her except this carrier !!! As soon as she 's strapped in , she calms right down . I have not tried any other front carriers , but fortunately , I never had to ! My baby girl loves it and so do I ! Its one of the only ways I get housework done and I was able to put her in it since she was 3 days old and it supported her perfectly . We love it !
 This is absolutely the BEST baby carrier on the market . It costs a little more , but is well worth it . The Bjorn is very comfortable to wear . I use it instead of the stroller to go on walks and to go shopping . It is also handy for doing some things around the house . It leaves your hands free , but keeps baby close . I had a snugli brand with my son , but did n't find it as comfortable . I had to hold onto him eventhough he was in the snugli . The Bjorn is definately more comfortable and durable . I would highly recommend it .
 $ 80.00 , fine . Knowing what I know now , I would 've paid $ 200.00 . This is the second pair of hands you need . It is very comfortable to use , even as your baby gets heavier . It 's got the option of facing your baby outward as well and my daughter loved to look around as she got older . I washed it and it faded a bit but I still feel the Bjorn can do no wrong . An ansolute must and a fantastic gift idea -LRB- maybe get a few people to go in on it to help if finances are a problem -RRB- .
 Both my husband and I used this in Cambodia when we went there to adopt our then 10-month old son . We went everywhere with him in this - walking , on the back of `` motos '' . It was perfect!Now , a year later , we have a 2 month old son and I use this with him almost everyday . Great for doing chores around the house as well as when shopping ! We borrowed a sling and tried that also , but he would have nothing to do with it ! In the Baby Bjorn , however , he is perfectly content !
 If I had to name the one product that made my life easier it would be this one . My son was happy and comfortable in this carrier from four days old until about 9 months . I used this every day from taking walks to going to the supermarket to making dinner . It is easy to get on and off , the child can face in or out , and it is comfortable on the back .
 This is well worth the money ! This is by far the most comfortable carrier out there . The padded straps keep your shoulders protected and it allows you to carry your baby without hurting your back .
 I absolutely love my Baby Bjorn and my son does too . He is now 6 months old and I have been using since he was three weeks old . He has never once complained while in the carrier -LRB- honestly , he has never cried while in it -RRB- . I use it all the time while shopping , he is a big boy and outgrew the infant carrier carseat really early . When he was facing forward he would almost imediately fall asleep and now that he faces out he happily watches everything around him . He can even nap in it while facing forward . Some people have mentioned breastfeeding while their child is in the carrier but I have no idea how they pull that off . Do n't plan on using it for breastfeeding , a sling would probably work better for that . I use my Baby Bjorn almost every day . It is really easy to take on and off -LRB- it may be tricky the first time , read the directions and then do n't take it fully apart -RRB- . I have no problem hooking my son into it by myself , it really is easy to use . I will be very sad when my son outgrows it . I would definately call this a must have baby item .
 This is a great baby carrier . Our daughter loves it . The baby grows faster than your muscles can develop . Unless your baby falls asleep on her own in her crib right from the start , this is a must have . Our arms were about to fall off from carrying her all the time but with this carrier , it made it much easier . She loved it and we loved it . It does take some getting used to putting it on quickly . But once you get the hang of it , it is a snap .
 This carrier is wonderful ! Unlike other reviewers who felt it was only useful for a few weeks -LRB- and the babies weighed under 20 lbs -RRB- my husband and I have used this from day 1 and still do , even though our little one weighs 20 lbs at 3 1/2 months ! It is great for walks , I even went Christmas shopping with it so that I could maneouver through crowds more easily . I grocery shop with it as you ca n't push a stroller and a cart and not all stores have car seats on their carts . We have used it travelling . . it has been to foreign countries where we used it exclusively -LRB- did not even bring a stroller -RRB- . I have used it to breast feed while doing some chores around the house , especially when he was first born as he nursed ALL the time ! You simply have to adjust the straps so that he is hanging at the right level to feed , but I only did this at home as it needs to be adjusted and it was difficult to be discreet . He was never a napper so when I really was going out of my mind I 'd strap him in and go for a short walk and he 'd go down . The way the carrrier is set up I could then put him down with the carrier still on , detaching it from me so that it was just underneath him without awakening him . It was wonderful to use for my husband and would give me a break . The baby much preferred it to a stroller the first couple months , and so did we . When my husband was home he would strapped him on and just do whatever he wanted around the house , it was n't as easy for me to do that though , as I found with the closeness lots of times he 'd fuss wanting to nurse again , so it was n't the answer all the time . You can do some chores in it if you do the squat technigue , do n't bend over ! , when you need something from the floor or lower level . I was disappointed that I could n't garden with it but that was just tooo much bending and squatting !! The carrier is very light weight and compact . You can easily slip it into your diaper bag and pull it out when needed ! I could n't have lived without it .
 We purchased a snugli carrier for our third child when he was 6 weeks old - one attempt to get him in and out took two people , and reminded me why we quit using the snugli with our oldest child 8 years ago !! We returned the snugli immediately . A few days later I saw a woman using the Baby Bjorn and asked her how she liked it . She was enthusiastic about it 's ease of use and comfort , so we decided to spend the extra money and try it . I LOVE the Baby Bjorn - it is incredibly easy to put on , and very easy to get Baby in and out . Do not bother with the snugli - go ahead and spend the extra money to get this carrier - you will not be disappointed .
 I found the Baby Bjorn carrier to be very useful , especially when I needed to walk the dog with the baby along . Also , my son seems to get the most fussy around dinner time , and placing him the carrier allowed me to eat dinner with my family , even if it meant standing up rather than sitting down -LRB- it is difficult to sit with the carrier on as the child 's legs are then forced to bend backwards -RRB- . I also had some concerns about the plastic disc closures at the base of the carrier . When my son was in the carrier for an extended period of time , he would have impressions in the clothing around his diaper area as though these closures were pressing into him . It might be better if the carrier were designed with these covered with padding of some sort .
 This is the greatest product for a new mom - and a must have if you have a baby and a toddler . Keeps your hands free to do whatever - food shop , run in a store to pick something up quick , etc. . Comfortable and easy to use . Once I used mine a couple of times I found myself preferring it to my gorgeous expensive stroller because my daughter was happier attached to me and I did n't have to worry about her falling out the supermarket shopping cart or getting bored and fussy in her stroller . Face them toward you before they can hold thier head up well and out after . Amazing & so comfortable - I LOVE MINE & could n't live without it !!!!!
 I wish I did n't need such an expensive item for my child , but I did , and could n't have done without it . My daughter was a screamer . My doctor recommended we get a chest carrier , and we bought the Baby Bjorn in desperation on the way home from her office . We started using it with my baby when she was two months old . It was great . Most of the time we used it -- not every time , mind you , but most of the time -- she calmed down and went to sleep . I was able to get out of the house and stroll around the neighborhood , and she was able to snuggle close to me . -LRB- I did not have the problems that other breastfeeding mothers have mentioned in their reviews . -RRB- By the time my daughter weighed about 16 pounds , she was just too heavy for me to carry in the Bjorn . I would n't notice when I was carrying her , but at night I 'd have terrible shoulder pains . So I was disappointed I could n't use it for longer . But I do n't think that 's a design flaw , I think it 's a human flaw -LRB- ! -RRB- . The Bjorn is well-made and easy to use . My only real beef is that it 's so darned expensive . The only other drawback is that it 's hard to find a guy who 's willing to wear it .
 I received this carrier as a gift and it is definitely one of my favorites ! It allows me to do things around the house , take walks , go shopping and have a special closeness with my baby . It is also easy to get in and out of with practice . We took our daughter to the movies and football game in it and found it to be very comfortable and safe . I still have n't figured out how to breastfeed with it but hope to find a way . I would say this is a must have baby item !!
 I ca n't say enough good things about this baby carrier . I received one as a shower gift for my second child -LRB- who 's 2 1/2 now -RRB- and loved using it . It made shooping , especially the grocery store a breeze . My son loved being in it , too . I am using it for my now six week old daughter as well . It does take some practice getting used to putting baby in , but it became second nature to me.As far as housework , I vacuum and load the washing machine while & quot ; wearing & quot ; my daughter , but not anything else ... puts her too close to cleaning chemicals and/or dust . But it 's great for walking the dog , getting the mail , taking a walk , etc. etc.There was an earlier comment about having to bend at the knees all the time while using the Baby Bjorn . That 's actually the proper form for your body to be in to pick something up so I do n't see why there should be a problem with having to do that . Besides , you can turn all those knee bends into squats and help burn off that baby weight while you shop ! Plus , I ca n't imagine keeping an infant in the car seat not only in the car , but in the store as well!I did n't find it overly hot for baby , and I 'm in South Florida ! It 's fairly lightweight , and what little extra warmth is great for the super strength air conditioning in the mall or grocery store.If baby can not see out while facing forward with the top folded down , than your carrier is adjusted incorrectly . This carrier is designed to last you a long , long time , from 8 lbs to 33 lbs ! You just have to remember to let it & quot ; grow & quot ; with your baby.Bottom line , the Baby Bjorn is worth the extra money - I always felt secure with my son in it and still do with my daughter . It is great for keeping baby super close to you and delivers on what it promises . Super product and a must have !
 Baby Bjorn was a gift . I never thought I would use it . I used to go to the grocery store with my daughter in her car seat -LRB- she is 3 months -RRB- . She would do nothing but cry !! I tried to carry her . That did not work and I did not feel she was safe with me pushing the cart and carrying her . I finally thought to use the Baby Bjorn Carrier . What a surprise . She loves it !!! I got to shop for all the things I needed at the grocery store !! She faces forward in it and loves to look around . She also falls asleep in it ! It truly is a life saver !!! I thought I was never going to be able to leave the house without my daughter crying her head off !! Must Have !!!!!!!!!
 I 've only been using this for a month and this product has made my life significantly easier ! At home with a new baby , I really love using this around the house . When my son wanted to be held , I would just put him in the carrier , thus leaving my hands free to do chores . I had a sling which he did n't like , and plus the carrier is much more secure than the sling . It is also great for walks outside when using a stroller would be too much of a hassle . He loves the feeling of being next to my body and almost always falls asleep when he 's in it !
 My baby refused to be put down , so I got the Baby Bjorn in order to get something done around the house . I absolutely LOVE it ! She 's now 6 weeks old and I wish would have had this in the beginning ! I had a NOJO original baby sling and she cried every time I put her in it . Since buying the Baby Bjorn , she has been the happiest baby ! I put her in it and away we go to do whatever needs to be done . It 's easy to use by yourself and it 's very portable -LRB- can be folded up easily -RRB- . This is one baby product you ca n't live without !
 Baby Bjorn is the best carrier ever ! They are easy to get in and out of and it is very comfortable for both mom and dad to wear . I tried several brands and went with this one , my advice is ... I would n't even consider another brand . Sounds like I work for them , but I do n't just love the product .
 I did n't get this carrier right off the bat because it was so expensive . I was having a hard time justifying the expense , when we did n't really go to many places that we needed a carrier.We were given a hand me down Snuggli and the contraption was such a pain to get into and out of -LRB- FOR ME !! NEVER MIND MY DAUGHTER !! -RRB- and it made my back hurt so badly that I gave it away and said I 'd carry her first ! Then we scheduled a trip to the zoo , and we wanted our daughter to be able to see all the animals instead of being in a stroller , so I just broke down and bought the Baby Bjorn because of all the great reviews it got.WHAT A DIFFERENCE DESIGN MAKES !!! I could get in and out of this by myself -LRB- my husband had to put the Snuggli on me , for crying out loud -RRB- and I could get my 18 lb . daughter into it with no problems either . It also seemed to provide her with a lot more support , and it took an entire afternoon before I even started feeling the effects of carrying her!This thing 's the BEST ! And we use it all the time !!
 I got this carrier as a baby shower gift and it has been truly a great gift . I can use it anywhere and it is pretty simple to use . My son is now 4 mos and still fits comfortably in it . This is a `` Must Have '' item . It is kind of pricey , but worth the money since it has a 20 lb . capacity and wo n't just be a couple of months worth of uses .
 This is a great product and I loved using it when my son was an infant . He loved to cuddle with me when he was little and really enjoyed be turned around to face others as he got older.With so much other stuff to carry - you have to love being hands-free ! I used to cook dinner wearing my son , just watch out for the stove and oven !
 I used a different brand of carrier with my first child and it worked okay . When my daughter was born I wanted an easier to use carrier with more support that would better distribute her weight . I finally decided to spend the extra money and by the Baby Bjorn . It has been worth every penny . This carrier is so easy to take on and off . The new design is simple and quick . My previous infant carrier was sometimes ackward to put on and adjust . No problems with this one . My husband and the baby 's great grandmother also use it on occasion and we all find it easy . Baby goes everwhere with me in her baby bjorn .
 Since our newborn son 's first month we have been able to use this wonderful product . Although this item may have quite a few buttons and latches to deal with , they let you know that your infant or newborn is extremely safe and secure . We love it and use it all the time , even if we are at home running around the house taking care of cleaning and cooking chores . It 's a great way to put your baby to sleep too !
 The Baby Bjorn is the best . It is so easy to get the baby in and out . I had a Snuggly carrier for my first baby and I hated it because it was so complicated and I needed help getting my son in and out of it . I got the Baby Bjorn as a shower gift for my daughter and it is so much better . You ca n't compare between the Bjorn and the Snuggly ! They designed it so you can get the baby in and out very easily , even so easily that I could take my sleeping daughter out and not wake her . Never tried nursing while wearing it , though . I also let my daycare provider use it for her when they went on field trips so she did n't have to fuss with the stroller . She really liked it , too .
 Great carrier . Our daughter just loves to ride along taking in all the sites on walks , shopping etc.Worth the money spent .
 I love my Bjorn ! If you are buying a front carrier , get this one ! I bought a less expensive model , which I will not name , when I was pregnant with my first son . He loved to ` be worn ' but the first carrier was difficult to put on and my son periodically got pinched by the buckles . My neighbor had a Bjorn and let me borrow it for a day . I was amazed at how comfortable it was and how easy it was to put on by myself . I went out and bought one that night . I am now using it with my second child . He is 3 months old and I have worn him every day since coming home from the hospital . I even wear him while grocery shopping .
 The Bjorn is a little more expensive , but worth it ! This carrier works for newborns up to 33lbs . I found that the less expensive carriers did n't fit as our baby got bigger . The Bjorn is very adjustable as your baby grows . It is comfortable for the adult wearer also . Our baby still fits in it at 8 months . I wish we had it when she was a newborn .
 I absolutely love this baby carrier ! I used it with my son from birth until 8 months old . My baby was the type that wanted to be held constantly . So , to get things done around the house , and to keep my infant feeling secure and safe , I strapped him in often . I have vacuumed , washed dishes , hiked , even breastfed him -LRB- while walking -RRB- with this carrier . He usually falls asleep once he is strapped in and I am moving around.It is also very simple to get your baby into and out of , once you get the hang of it . Plus if your baby falls asleep , you can easily unhook the harness and lay him down without having to pull him out or disrupt him . We have used this tactic more than once to get him to sleep on fussy nights!This carrier is worth every penny . I have a friend who is still using a three year old model and its as good as new.I have tried other carriers and this one is the the most comfortable , easy to use , and safe for infants . Also , I suggest you check out the review from Consumer Reports which recommends this carrier also .
 We had heard that this baby carrier was the best so we registered for it when I got pregnant with our daughter . It was a life saver . Our daughter was born at 8 1/2 lbs. , so we used it almost immediately . We had a daughter that wanted to be held constantly and had a little bit if colic . This baby carrier allowed me to do everything while still holding her . I wore it while I did laundry , dishes , vaccumed , walked the dog , soothed a fussy baby , etc. . Our daughter felt safe and secure snuggled up with mom or dad and we were able to get things done.It also adjusted very easily . My husband or I could get our daughter in and comfortable in less than a minute . It adjusted quickly from one person to the next without a lot of fuss.We have recommended this baby carrier to all of our expectant friends .
 This is the most comfortable carrier I have ever tried -LRB- I 've tried 2 other brands -RRB- . It has literally become part of my outfit . I can carry my daughter for hours without any back strain and she loves it - she 's never fussy when she 's in it . I highly recommend this !
 My husband and I took our newborn to the store to `` test drive '' carriers . I thought I wanted one that can be worn on the back . But once we started to carry the baby around the store in all the different carriers , it was clear this was the best . It fits both of us -LRB- he 's 6 foot , I am 5-6 , with engorged and large breasts , and a few baby pounds to loose -RRB- . The baby fit in there so comfy , she loves it . Now she 's 9 months , she faces out , and she really enjoys the ride in this . The only drawback is that sometimes she gets so excited in the carrier , she starts to kick , and her feet are in a bad place to be kicked . She 's 20 pounds , and I still have no trouble carrying her in this . I use it in the grocery store and everywhere I need to keep her close , but need my hands free . It has also been great to help me loose those extra baby pounds , I strap on baby and go for a stroll . The backpack carriers slip off the shoulders , and you ca n't see or interact with your baby . If you are n't sure , go and test drive them like we did , I 'm sure you 'll find this one is the best .
 We are extremely excited about our Baby Bjourn carrier . We had tried several others and were ready to give up on the idea due to frustration . However , the baby Bjourn carrier is so simple to use and our daughter loves it . It goes on and off with ease , even while she is sleeping . The only down side to this carrier is that the straps are made for medium build or large build adults . We have had to purchase large straps for my husband because he is quite a bit taller than I am . This can get pricey , but trust me it is worth the extra dollars to invest in this great carrier . If you are looking for an infant carrier , this is the best !
 This is a great product to have . I bought mine on Ebay , brand new in the box , for $ 49 !! Check there before you buy anywhere else.Wonderful for shopping or helping a colicky baby .
 My wife gave me a funny look about this carrier when she saw the price tag . But once we started using it with our son , we both became converts . In fact , we often found ourselves jockeying to see who would get to wear the carrier with our son in it.When our son was a month to three months old , just being in the carrier would knock him out . Shopping trips became so much easier , because I had my hands free . My wife and I were driving a Saturn at the time , and it was tough getting a full size stroller into the car with the three of us in the car as well . Once we bought this carrier , the stroller was religated to Sunday tours around the neighborhood . But the Bjorn carrier was what we took to the doctor 's office , to the mall , the gorcery store , to church , and to the book store . The padded straps helped keep my back from getting sore , and I liked the fact that I could easily lean my head down and give my son a kiss on the forehead when he was awake.We do n't use it as much now that our son is six months old , even though I 'm pretty sure it could still be adjusted to fit him . But for what seemed like a good while , the Bjorn carrier kept both my son and me quite comfortable . I highly recommend it .
 I adore this carrier!I adore this carrier ! I have TWO Snuglis that were sent to me , and I tried both of them . They were hard to adjust and did n't feel secure . They also hurt ! I went looking for a sling instead.I hated the slings . I could n't get the hang of them , and did n't like the way the baby slumped into the bottom . I tried on EIGHT differant , luxury brand front carriers . I chose Baby Bjorn.Its soft . Its adjustable . Its easy ! I can take my sleeping baby , and slide him into the carrier practically one handed . He is 6 weeks old now and has been in the carrier for a month . The first time he screamed bloody murder , then settled down into it . Now , whenever he is fussy , I strap him in and go about my buisness!Keep at it , though ... You get what you pay for!Sarah
 We got this for a shower gift and I am very happy with it . It is very sturdy and keeps baby close and safe . My baby is three months old now . I tried her in it when she was a month and I felt she was really to little to use it -LRB- she did n't have good control of her neck - even with the support -RRB- . But by two months it worked pretty good . Now at three months she wants to face the world however the neck support is a bit too tall for her to see over . I think she will really enjoy it soon . And I enjoy the free hands .
 I found this carrier to be OK . It never really felt that comfortable on me and I could only stand to wear it for about 30 minutes . But , my husband enjoyed it and felt it was wonderful and could carry our son in it for hours . The straps seemed to dig in on my shoulders no matter how I adjusted it and as my son got heavier , I had to stop using it completely -LRB- when he was 6 months old/15lbs -RRB- . What I did love about it was how easy it was to get him in and out of it . There was no struggling to pull his legs through and I was able to get him in the carrier by myself . And , if he fell asleep - we just undid the hooks and he was free -LRB- and still sound asleep -RRB- . I have friends that swear by it and say it 's the greatest - so I recommend before you buy one yourself , test it out with your baby in it and see how it works for you .
 I bought this carrier after doing a lot of research on them . I love this one b/c you can completely take it apart and not disturb a sleeping baby . I wish I 'd bought it when my son was first born as he adores being carried around . My baby is now almost 7 months and rides forward facing and LOVES IT . He can see everything mom sees and does . Each time we go to the grocery store , department stores we strap him in this and he never makes a peep . -LRB- he always fussed when he was in his infant carrier in the buggy -RRB- Just beware that it is rough on the back - especially when they fall asleep as they are `` dead weight , '' and it 's all up front . I do have a weak back - so this may not be the case for everyone . All in all a good product and I love the choices of colors it comes in .
 I had not even considered buying this carrier , due to its price . I was going to buy a cheapie . However , a family member had heard some great things about it , and bought it for us . This was a LIFESAVER for us !!! I used it every day for a long time . I have compared it to other carriers that other people have had , and think that this is a more user-friendly carrier . It 's easy to use by yourself , which was key for me .
 When asked what was the best gift I got for my daughter my answer was , my Baby Bjorn carrier . When my daughter was 6 weeks I went to a craft show and spent 7 hours with her in it and my back nor did my shoulders hurt . She LOVED it ! I breast feed and have not had a problem with my ducts getting plugged . Infact in the last 6 months I have not had any problems with it.Her dad loves it I think more then I do . We go shopping he loves to carry her all around . You can play with their hands and they can kick their feet -LRB- as she loves to do -RRB- . Sarrah loves to be in it because I think she is at eye level with everyone.The only thing I notice is keep the cross in between your shoulder blades in the middle and you wo n't feel a thing.The money was well spent !
 This is a great carrier ! My son loves to fall asleep in it while I am working . He was fortunately big enough to be carried around it in from day 1 , but your child must be 21 inches to start using it .
 We call our baby `` Little Papoose '' because we carry her in this thing constantly . It 's comfortable for him -LRB- 6 ' 2 '' 190 pounds -RRB- me -LRB- 5 ' 3 '' and like HECK I 'm telling you how many pounds ! -RRB- and her , starting at birth at 8 pounds , 10 ounces.This is great for walking -- in big stores it 's the best way to make her feel secure , keep my hands free , and protect her from touchy strangers -- but it 's also good for all the other stuff . I wear it housecleaning , cooking , and working.Re
 The Baby Bjorn carrier is fantastic . We use it so frequently , that we still have not used our fancy and expensive baby stroller during outings with our 8-wk old . I recommend holding off on buying a stroller as long as you have this carrier for the first few months .
 I read the reviews on this site before choosing a carrier to register for . I registered for and received this carrier and love it . My son was able to use it at about 2 weeks old and when he was fussy at night I would get up , put the carrier on and do dishes , laundry or any other things I might have run out of time for during the day . It securely frees both hands . My son would , almost instantly , calm down and fall asleep . This carrier is so easy to put together and adjust with one hand , which is usually all you have . My husband is pretty broad so I did n't think he 'd be able to use it but it fits him as well . My only draw back -LRB- thus the 4 star rating -RRB- is the lower back pain I get while and after using it . I thought my back might just be sore from delivery -LRB- still -RRB- but my husband had the same complaint so I guess not . I would still highly recommend this carrier , esp . since I 've read the other reviews and others do n't experience the back pain .
 I received this as a gift from my registry and I could not live without our Baby Bjorn . From my daughter 's 2nd week until now -LRB- she is 3 months -RRB- , I have been carrying her around in this . When she hit the fussy 3-6 week stage -LRB- colic -RRB- , this was the only thing that helped us both keep our sanity . We have a dog , and I use it to get some exercise and get the dog walked every day . It 's also great for shopping since it is n't bulky and does n't get in the way . -LRB- I have yet to use our stroller ! -RRB- For comfort , try moving the cross-strap down between the shoulderblades -- this takes the pressure off your neck and shoulders . I am 5 ' 7 '' and my husband is 6 ' 5 '' and we both use it on a daily basis . If you only buy a few things for your baby , this should be one of them ! -LRB- My other 2 must-haves are a vibrating bouncy seat and the Tiny Love Symphony in Motion -RRB- . My only complaint is that the brochure claims that you can breastfeed while wearing the carrier -- I have tried , but have not been able to manage it without taking the baby out and taking the carrier off . Other than that , I do n't know what I 'd do without our Baby Bjorn !!
 This is the BEST baby product I have . My 4 month old started in this when she was 2.5 mos and she has been in it every day since then . Even if she is a little fussy , I put her in the B Bjorn and she is happy as a clam . Wonderful when you do n't feel like taking the whole stroller everywhere and baby can see everything . Also , baby 's weight is distributed well and your back will not ache with this carrier . Baby feels so secure ! Love to have my hands free . If you are looking to clean the house with this , I do NOT recommend it . Too hard and baby gets annoyed . Great for taking walks , shopping , etc. . Also , my hubby and I both use it and we have no need to adjust it to fit the both of us . Very easy to get on and off.There are cheaper baby carriers that my friends have purchased and they did not work , therefore were not used .
 My son and I love this carrier ! When he was a newborn , I loved it because I could carry him around and have my hands free to vaccume or wash dishes or fold laundry , and he was well supported . Now that he 's older -LRB- 6 months -RRB- we love using it to go hiking , or anywhere a stroller is n't practicle .
 This was a great carrier from about 6 weeks to 5 months old , then my boy weighed 19 lbs at 5 months old and he was too heavy for it , I had to buy another one with the metal .
 I got this item at my shower . It has been one of my most frequently used items . Having free hands when you have a diaper bag , a purse , keys to close the door and an occassional umbrella ... you get every penny it 's worth . I highly recommend it !
 Do n't waste your time , effort , or money like I did trying to find the best carrier , this is it . I wanted to use a sling but my son did n't like being swaddled to begin with so he did n't like a sling . I started looking at regular carriers . I could n't see why there would n't be a less expensive carrier that would be just a good as the Baby Bjorn was suppsed to be . So I tried an inexpensive Snugli which was uncomfortable . Then I tried a more mid-priced Snugli which was ok , relatively comfortable and easy to use but it was n't very trim and it was n't easy to get my arms comfortably in front of the baby to do things like wash dishes . So I bought a Your Loving Arms Carrier which was ok but still not great , I did n't like the way the support pillow pushed his arms out . Then I tried a Theodore Bean which was terribly uncomfortable for me and I did n't like the way the adjustment clips were right by my baby 's head , how could it be comfortable if he bumped his head in looking around or if he fell asleep ? So I finally broke down and spent the money on a Bjorn . The moment I put it on and stood up with my baby I could feel the difference . The weight is so well distributed it is by far the most comfortable carrier . And it is so easy to use . The instructions are even printed on the inside of the carrier in case you loose the paperwork . I just wish I had figured this all out a lot sooner . My baby is 4 months now and seems to love it but will soon outgrow this carrier . It 's so well made however that I 'll keep this for the next one . An added benefit , it 's completely soft so that it can be compacted pretty well to fit in a diaper bag when traveling . Do n't be skeptical , yes it 's pricey , but it is definitely the best carrier out there .
 We bought one of these when our baby was a week old and i 've been using it now for a couple of weeks -LRB- he 's now 4 weeks -RRB- and i absolutely love it ! We go for nightly walks with it and he is in it while I water my plants . He falls asleep or just looks around at things . It is the most convenient thing a new parent could buy and comfortable for both . . i even managed to nurse him while he was in it ! we did n't even buy a stroller because this bjorn is so much better and easier than a stroller for now !
 I had a cheap one with my first child and I finally broke down and bought this one for my second child . I could carry her up to a year old and it did n't feel like I was breaking my back ! Such a change from the other one . The straps are thick and cushioned and easy to use . A must ! I do n't always have 2 extra hands to help me . I highly recommend this if you plan on carrying around your child for any length of time .
 I first bought a sling -LRB- which my daughter HATED -RRB- and I had another less expensive , complicated front pack , which the baby liked , but killed my back . I work in a Dr office and the baby comes with me to work , so I often have to `` wear '' my baby . The Baby Bjorn is soooo comfy for both me and my now 6 month old baby . It is so worth the extra money . Do n't waste you time and money on other carriers . Your baby and your back will thank you .
 We love it ! Its VERY soft and has held up well wash after wash . Its still soft and cozy !
 I Simply love the feel of the deluxe fleece baby blanket ! The feel , the warmth and the look of this blanket is just wonderful .
 ya know how other cups promise to be spill free ? only to find they are not ! well look no more these are the greatest not one leak ever !
 i have a 5 month old son and the soft spout was alot more inviting than many of the harder ones . I love the non spill factor . There great !
 If you feel that your older breast fed baby needs a faster flow , instead of going up a nipple flow -LRB- I do n't recommend more than two holes -RRB- , why not start her on the Avent magic cup ? The unique design lets babies as young as 3 months drink form a cup . And the Magic Valve sippies fit all Avent bottles , so it 's cost effective .
 I love this cup . It is extremely easy to clean because of its ease to take apart . I do n't have to worry about anything & quot ; growing & quot ; in the stoper because it can be completely cleaned .
 maybe your little one is not ready to use the cup yet . My daughter was not ready full time to use the cup till the age of 19 months . She loves these cups .
 My daughter would not take a cup at all . I gave her Avent cups , and she wo n't use any other cup .
 As the mother of the worlds most devoted sippy customer . We have tried just about every brand of spill proof cup on the market and this is the best . They have complex valves that take an extra step to take apart for the washer ... BUT when my son decides to launch his sipper across the room they do n't come loose and leak . The other brands can be knocked loose and toddlers do a lot of knocking . And the soft spout is great when they are teething . AAAAA +
 I love these cups . It 's not like the other one you can clean this one and know that there are no little food pieces in the mouth piece .
 I bought the first cup while I was in Scotland & had to wait several months for the cup to show up at Target . The cup is easy for my daughter to hold & drink from . It has a spill-proof lid that prevents spills . I would highly recommend this product .
 My kids did not like to use spill proof cups until I bought one of these . The soft spout immediately appealed to them as well as the quick to flow valve . It has a child friendly design and is easy to fill . I really like the travel cover ! My only gripe is the number of parts . I tend to lose stuff while washing dishes and this cup has two small parts that connect together then connect to the spout . All together there are 5 pieces when you take it aprt to wash .
 The first spillproof cup to hold its promise to be spillproof.I will never use another
 My daughter , in her eleven month life , has rejected nearly every nipple & bottle on the market -LRB- including Avent -RRB- & only grudgingly accepts some sippy cups , she is truely a breastfed baby . However , she loves these sippy cups !!!! And I love the fact that they are spill proof & the great shape is just right for little hands to grip .
 I LOVE these cups and better yet so does my baby ! They are easy for her to hold and the soft tip makes it easy for her to drink . She has no idea that it 's not a bottle . It has made the transition away from the bottle so much easier . Thank you .
 Leaking
 I have to agree with the other reviews . My daughter is 6 months and when the doctor gave the ok for juice I wanted her to start drinking it from a cup . I bought other cups and she would just cry for the bottle . I decided to by these AVENT cups because we also use this brand bottle and this is the only cup she will drink out of . We are still in the practice stage considering she is still young , but I do n't have to fight with her at all . She is still getting good at holding the cup , but it is not a problem because when she drops the cup nothing spills !! I have even tried to see if she would drink from the other cups and she just screams until I give her the AVENT cup .
 I absoulutly love these cups . They are the best no-spill cups on the market . My 1-year old loves to walk around with it and throw it around . It never spills which is a great thing when I have red Kool-Aid in it !!!!
 My son is now 2 and has been a bottle baby . We have atleast 10 different cups and he has always refused them and screamed for his bottle.Lastnight we bought this terrific cup and he has not asked for the bottle yet ! I will now be putting the bottles away for good this time ! I will be ordering a few more so we always have one on hand.They are pricey , but if I would n't have bought all the other cups , I 'd have had plenty of money saved just by buying these in the first place !
 I finally bit the bullet and bought one of these cups for my 4 month old . He drinks out of any sippy cup , but I liked the soft spout . My 2 yr old also likes it and the spout does n't show his teeth marks as well as others . I wish these cups were a little less expensive and I could find them in more stores , but they are good . This cup gets 4 stars for price and you have to get the lid on just right so it does n't leak .
 These cups are fantastic . My daughter actually began to use them at 4 months old . they hace a great design that allows one way fluid travel when sucked on . definitly worth the $ . they are also wide and easy for her to hold .
 I tried and tried and tried to get my son to drink out of a sippy cup . I held off on buying these because they were a little more expensive and looked bulky for little hands . Eventually I gave in , and THEY ARE WONDERFUL . My son really likes the flatter spout , and it 's firm but still pliable , so it 's nice on his teeth and gums when he tries to chew it . The only reason I do n't give this product 5 stars is due to the bulkyness ... however if you buy the wings that are sold seperately it makes the product ABSOLUTELY wonderful !! My son really loves them , and weaning to the bottle has been VERY easy - he 's done it himself ... Definently worth spending a little extra .
 I 'm the proud mommy of a beautiful 2-year old girl who until now has refused every type of training cup on the market . And trust me I 've tried at least 7 different types since she turned one . But amazingly she took this cup the first time and has not used a bottle since ... . Yes it does come apart into 4 parts , the cup , the retainer ring , the spout and the vavle , but that is one of the main reasons to buy this item , you can really get in there and make sure this is clean and safe for your child . We 've all seen milk and juice when they get caught in other products , they turn to bacteria and mildew . But with this coming apart that is a thing of the past . And realistically what does it take ? An extra 5 seconds to take it completely apart to make sure it gets totally clean . My kid is worth that to me . In my opinion this is the best training cup on the market . Good design for little fingers to grip , see through , spill proof and it comes with a cap for travel . And as an added bonus unlike other cups with hard spouts that are part of the lid , once the lid gets rough from little toddler teeth marks you need to buy all new cups and with this all you need is a new spout which is sold separately for peanuts . This is the first and last training cup you will ever need .
 My son was a breast fed baby exclusively for 10months , then he cut teeth and decided that he wanted to bite . Well , that just was n't gong to happen . He would take a sippy cup just fine for juices and such , and had been from about 5months , but when it came down to drinking milk , the sippy cup idea did n't seem to appeal to him , nor did the bottle . Then I got him one of the Avent Magic cups ... he loved it , and still , at 2years of age , it 's the only cup that he will drink milk from . We never had a problem will spilling/leaking , infact , the only problem that I have is you ca n't find the Avent line locally where I live .
 I 've purchased many sippy cups in the past 6 months . These have been the best so far . All sippy cups leak a little , especially with a child that throws it around like a toy . However , these seem to hold up the best of any brand I 've had . Pick up the travel sealing disc accessories and you have a leak proof system for diaper bags.Philips Avent Sealing Discs , BPA-FreeI 'm not sure if Avent sells separately the little clear discs that go inside the sippy lid , but that would be great if they did . I seem to loose mine .
 I had a hard time finding sippy cups that are BPA free and reasonably priced . These sippy cups meet both of my needs . I am a little disappointed , they do dip if my son bangs them on his high chair and sometimes they leak when they are turned on there side .
 These cups have been perfect for my 1-year old son . I 've tried just about every brand on the market & had issues with them all - they were either too small -LRB- did n't hold enough liquid -RRB- , had parts that dislodged , leaked and/or started to `` fray '' at the spout when my son used/chewed them . Not these - they are a larger size than most , very durable , do n't leak at all & were very easy for my son use . Highly recommend !
 These were the only cups my son would use at 4 months . At 14 months they are still his favorite . I think it 's because of the longer , flat spout . They are a bit of a pain to clean with popping the disks apart , but not a big deal . 10 months of the dishwasher every day and they are fine , no wear or warping . I 've never had one leak . Like the bottles , you ca n't overtighten or they leak like mad . We also have Gerber and Playtex insulated . We use them all , each with their own advantages . With the Gerber - hubby threw one out because the valve keeps falling out on it 's own , all 3 of them do . With Playtex the spout is a bit short and my son loves to bite it , which he does n't do to the others , and he would n't use it at all until about 10 months.Price ? We use 3 , rarely 4 a day now . 4 @ $ 8/2pack = $ 16 . Time of use , approx . 2 years.Even if we need twice as many , $ 32 for 2 years of spill-proof , drink when you want convenience is n't bad . My son would n't have it any other way , he must feed himself and pick up his own cup . LOL.If you have an older baby then I would suggest you could use these or just use Playtex . For younger babies the longer spout of this cup really helps .
 I LOVE this cup , my youngest baby would not touch a cup of any kind until he was 15 mos. , I bought the avent cup and first started him without the clear peices , it was easy for him to hold and the fluid came to him until he got used to the spout instead of a nipple . Now a week later he uses the cup with the peices and I did not have to change cups and he has no problem . I have used these cups with all my babies -LRB- 1yr , 2yrs and 3yrs . -RRB- I have never had a problem with washing the cups or keeping up with the parts . I like the fact that all the parts come apart to wash so that you KNOW it is clean when your baby 's drink comes out , there are no germs with it.On the other brands you can see stuff inside the parts that are hard to get to when you can clean them . the parts go together fast and easy -LRB- there are only two pieces to take out to wash , other than the cup , top , and spout and they all snap together -RRB- . I hope these cups help you the way they helped me . you can also buy ONLY the parts you need instead of a whole new cup system .
 Since I breast fed my son , he never learned to take a bottle . But when he needed to take in extra liquids on really hot days , I could n't get him to drink juice or water from a bottle . I had the Avent bottles and went out and bought the sipper spouts which interchange with the bottles . He immediately took to drinking out of the cup with no problem . He has now self-weaned and at 11 months old , he is able to get enough formula throughout the day with this cup . You need to replace the spouts about every 3 months according to the packaging , but I 've had mine for at least 4-5 months now and they are still working great . I use them everyday and have to clean them often . You also have to twist the top on tight or the liquid inside will leak . Overall , I am very happy with this product and will use them for my next baby as well .
 I have bought almost every sippy cup out there for toddlers , and I love this one ! Even though they say `` spill proof '' , does not mean they are . My son likes to throw his juice across the room , and with this cup , very little , if any , comes out . Thank you Avent for a great product !
 These sippy cups are the best for my daughter who like to flick the straws and take other sippy cups apart . I like that these are easy to clean with few parts and impossible for my daughter to get to leak . I 'm very happy with these .
 My 15 month baby likes this cup for water and juices . It does n't leak and it 's easy to clean .
 I have bought soooo many cups and this is the best cup I have bought . I have literally had to throw some away because stuff would get stuck in the valve and it was impossible to get out . I 've had others that when you tighten down the lid the handles are misaligned . . that drives me crazy ! I have had others that the valve is so thin in some spots that it rips thus causing it to leak.The only problem I have with this cup is that I have now lost the very small clear valve ... frustrating ! Other than that my son loves them ... and so do I ! I just ordered 2 more and ca n't wait to use them instead of the others !
 Bag has a ton of space both inside main compartment and in side pockets . Side pockets at first glance appear to be small . However , they can easily hold sippy cups , wallets and cell phones . I was truly surprised . Typical eddie bauer quality . Only downside is that it is hard to label with child 's name ... we ended up using a removable tag .
 Well , it 's a cup holder ... what more can you expect ?! It obviously does n't do a whole lot but it 's the cheapest one around and it does the job . You might not have a lot of flexability as to where you can put it depending on the type of stroller you have ... so think it through first before you buy it . If your looking for an awesome cup holder with all the bells and whistles ... this is NOT it ... but if your looking for something cheap to hold a cup ... this is the one for you ! enjoy .
 Great product . I like it because you can easily detach the cup holder if your not using it .
 This set is stunning . aBaby 's reasonable prices and great service is the # 1 reason making aBaby the best .
 I 've been eyeing this item for quite sometime . I finally decided to go for it . At the time there were no other reviews and I rely on them when making my final decision . Nonetheless we went for it and I HAVE NO COMPLAINTS ! Like the other reviewer I wish there was a place to hang clothes but we improvised and purchased a curtain rod with the rubber on the ends . No one ever guesses it did n't come with . It took my husband and I about an hour to put it together . Here 's a side note , it matchs perfectly with the Simplicity Ellis crib in cherry too .
 The armoire looks great , but the doors are a bit crooked , my husband did put it together , but I really do n't think it is because of his handywork , his is really good . Also the drawers are really shallow , the back part of the drawer is about half the height of the front of the drawer . There is also no bar or rack to hang clothes on inside the armoire .
 Wow , where do I begin about this product!I did a ton of research over a few months time period , looking for a 3 piece nursery set at a reasonable price in a dark wood . Seemed everywhere I found a set I liked , it was either too expensive , or the company did n't have all 3 matching pieces in stock ! I checked the typical Babies R Us store and other baby stores , but just could n't find a great buy . We are on our last child and do n't plan to re-use the set , so we did n't need a fancy one to last several kids and 15 years.I read other reviews and have to agree with several points reviewers made ... Stork Craft customer service is horrible . Phone lines seem to be constantly busy , I have emailed them and got an automated reply , and have filled out a numerous missing part requests and got nothing!Their products are missing pieces and the directions are HORRIBLE ! Might as well not include any instructions on putting these items together as they are so confusing , have so many pieces , and do n't have great detail . My husband is very good at putting things together and had trouble with this furniture ! The doors do n't line up right , one is higher than the other.We 've had this for about 6 months now , and seems to be holding up nicely so far . It looks nice in the nursery , and did n't cost a fortune . The design is great - I love the drawers and the door w / shelves inside . There is no hanging bar inside ... I did n't see that clearly stated in the product description . The top is great for a TV for your little one to watch movies ... since it 's higher than the crib , the elevation allows them to see . Plus , they ca n't reach that high up to mess with things!Depending on your needs , this may be a great buy , or a nightmare .
 I love the finished product . The drawers are even , the doors are even , and everything works smoothly.Assembly was a NIGHTMARE . Instructions were awful , parts were not labeled , and the hardware -LRB- about 200 pieces at least -RRB- was all thrown into one big plastic bag . I hate it when care is not taken to package things in a manner that makes sense , and I 've owned about 30 RTA pieces . The cabinet is very sturdy , but the cam-lock construction did not feel very `` permanent '' to me . With Sauder products , you turn the cam-lock almost 360 degrees around , making it really tight . These cam-lock slipped around , and almost popped out on every single joint . They are made of real metal , so I believe they 'll last for awhile , but I 'm going to need to go in every now and again and tighten everything back up.All in all , a beautiful cabinet . But if you purchase the Storkcraft Rochester crib like I did , do n't expect the `` Oak '' finishes to match . The cabinet is a nice dark brown and the cribs have a reddish tint to them . I guess I could have spent another $ 200 and purchased the Aspen cribs in Oak , but it just was n't in the budget for our twins ' nursery .
 This product is just the thing my son needed to be comfortable in his car seat . When we switched from his infant seat to his regular car seat we noticed that when he fell asleep he would slump over due to the car seat being too upright . This made the seat recline just enough for him to be comfortable . I also felt better using this rather than a pool noodle since it is made specifcally for this purpose .
 I took this and my new Triumph Convertible carseat to the police station to have it installed properly and the policeman was still unable to install it correctly -LRB- without reading the directions , BTW -RRB- . When I got home I read the directions and realized that all I needed to do was cut it to the size of my carseat base , and now it works like a charm ! This is terrific ! I also like the 3 different levels which is great if someone else has to use the seat in their car . I just was n't comfortable with the idea of rolled towels , and a noodle would have made this -LRB- rearfacing -RRB- seat recline too much . Cutting it was really easy , by the way , I just sliced right through it with a sharp kitchen knife .
 We have a 1992 Ford Crown Victoria . The back seats are sharply sloped toward the rear . This fit in the crease to make the car seat perfectly level ! No more fussing with rolled towels like we did with baby # 1 . This was the best $ . . we 've spent in a long time !
 My daughter was a preemie and we brought her home when she was about 6lbs . ALL of the infant carseats were WAY too upright and she was having respiratory issues . I found this wedge and she has been happy ever since . The NICU recommended it and said it was a neccesity for preemies .
 This is a great item . WE put towels under the car seat with our first 2 kids . Then I went and saw this at babies r us and cant believe i hadnt gotten it sooner . It helps sit the baby with his/her feet up higher so when they are facing towards the back their little neck is n't falling foward . I dont know why car seat makers dont fix this problem .
 We tried towels and noodles to get our car seats -LRB- 3 different brands -RRB- to recline to the proper angle . Everything shifted or got mashed down to the point that seatbelt slack was also becoming an issue . I ca n't sing the praises loudly enough for this leveler , which offers 3 different fits so it works with different carseats and in different cars .
 I purchased this product after having my third child . I had always used rolled up towels before , but they always seemed to move under the car seat . This product held the infant seat in my Accord very firmly . It did not move around or become compressed easily like rolled up towels or blankets . It kept the seat at the appropriate angle !! My best friend also uses this item and she loves it too !
 My son was born 4 weeks early and was much smaller than most full term infants . I had the hardest time riding him in my Honda Accord because of the lack of support and the angle of his carseat . Every time I would place him in the car , his head would fall completely forward & cause me to be very alarmed because he would literally appear as if his little neck was broken ! When my son was about 3 or 4 weeks old , I found this WONDERFUL leveler at Babies R Us and both of us have been much happier since ! My son , who is now 3 months old , is able to ride in the car comfortably without his head flopping around and falling forward once he goes to sleep.I did have to cut a little of the length off of the leveler so I could buckle the seat belt.I would highly recommend this product to all new parents , especially those with preemies or smaller than normal newborns . It is an excellent investment . Well worth the money spent !
 I purchased this leveler to use with my Graco infant car seat . It came in handy to keep my son 's head from tilting forward . The 3 sides lets you choose which is the best elevation you need . I highly recommend this to those who are using a towel or anything else for elevating their car seat . This leaves indentions in the leveler and not your seat . It 's a great way to protect your seat too . This is a great product .
 I too have a Ford Explorer , and this leveler fits just fine after I trimmed an inch or so off the end . It is just dense foam , easy enough to cut . Works better than rolled towels as it does n't get flat after a while .
 The car seat leveler works well . Now that my infant is holding his bottle the leveler allows the right angle for him to feed himself while I 'm driving .
 This product works very well . Balanced out my car seat . I was alwaysUsing towels to balance it until I found this . Very happyCustomer !
 Ever since we moved `` up '' to convertible car seats for our twins , we could never install them properly -LRB- level -RRB- in the rear-facing position and it was always a point of stress between my hubby and I as we were getting ready to go anywhere.These little car seat levelers , however , changed all that . They fit perfectly under the seat and helps it to stay put in a tight position the way it should . Love them . You have three different angle options as you turn them around to different positions , so I imagine they would work with a range of different seats .
 We used -LRB- before our baby arrived -RRB- two bath towels rolled up to fill the gap between the back seat and car seat . Even still , the car seat was never quite `` right '' and the towels would smash down quickly . This is better than a towel or round pool-noodle because the space you are trying to fill is not round ! It can be rotated to fit rear-facing and forward-facing ... a pool-noodle / towel can not do this !
 This product works really well for our Britax advocate cs 70 car seat . We had a hard time using towels because when ever my husband sat down on the seat to tighten the latch straps the towels compressed too much throwing the angle off . This product has a great shape and does n't compress like the towels . I think it 's ridiculous that this product needs to exist but I 'm glad that it does . We used a simple kitchen knife to trim the length so it could fit perfectly . Easy Peasy !
 This item states the truth when stating that it is safer than pool noodles . Many carseat publications from safety compliance brochures -LRB- such as the one I got from the hospital -RRB- state than the use of pool noodles cut to size is a safe and acceptable way of leveling your carseat to get the correct angle to prevent the baby 's head from falling forward and restricting breathing . This was a huge problem with my first child , but at the time we did n't know we could level the seat with a device like this . As a result , someone ended up travleing in the backseat all the time to help keep his head steady while driving.While it seems safer because it is all one peice and can not slip like piled up noodles could , You can flip the item around trying to acheive the correct angle for your car , which is a great aspect to the item.I only gave it 4 stars because of the fact that it is only one peice which does limit how adjustable it actually is . In restropsect , for the price I would have wanted either a couple different sizes or something that clipped together or came apart for more adjustability . I could have bought several pool noodles on clearance for the price of this item.Overall , I think its a great item and I reccomend it to my freinds who have the same problems . I wish I had known about it with my first child , I would have bought it again in a heartbeat .
 Bought this for my grandson when he graduated from his infant car seat to the next one . He was only a few months old , as he is a big boy , and he had little control over his head . He was always in the most uncomfortable position for his mom and grandma , bought this and it worked perfectly . He now enjoys his many car rides , as do mom and grandma !
 I was tired of my daughters head falling every time we went somewhere . This seems to do the trick . I did have to cut it down a lot in order to fit in between the latch system , but that was not hard to do . However this does appear to be cloth and it is not , it is just a pressed piece of Styrofoam . The pool noodles would do the same thing .
 With the birth of our fourth child we had experienced many of the difficulties associated with transporting children both safely and comfortably . The car seat leveler was a perfect solution to our previous habit of rolling up towels , for our rear facing car seat .
 This product made the installation of our rear facing car seat much easier and safer for our child . Before this we were having to roll up towels every time we had to go somewhere , which was a real inconvenience to us .
 Just before my son 's birth , I had our carseat inspected at the local DPS by a certified inspector . Because our carseat did not fit well and was very loose , even with the straps pulled as tight as possible , he recommended the purchase of EITHER a noodle or leveler and mentioned that we might have to try both to find the right fit . Our local DPS office and police station does not provide noodles ... so we bought this leveler . It worked well and I recommend trying one out , especially if you are not able to get a free noodle in your city .
 Ca n't say much about this except that it does it 's job ! I like that it is shaped in a way that you can turn it and it will pretty much work with just about any car-seat .
 We used the Car Seat Leveler for our daughter and it worked great . I now send it to all my friends for baby shower gifts . The leveler works great in our 2001 Nissan Quest Minivan and every car we had to use it in .
 Our baby was 4 weeks early . Car rides were so stressful until we found this . I could go no where alone , Every time he was in the car I would have to ride in the back with him to hold his head so it would not flop forward . We found this item and I was finally able to go out alone ! When you put it between the seat and car seat base , it reclines the car seat enough so his head did not go forward but still at a comfortable slant . We drive a 2000 Jimmy with leather seats , the seats must lean more than others . If you have a problem with his/her head going forward this is the perfect fix !
 car seat leveler was so simple to use . the car seat is very secure using this . and looks very neat . nothing hanging out . i highly recomend this product .
 We were having trouble leveling our car seat due to a steep slop in our seat . It was so hard for our daugter to get her head in a good position that it did n't fall forward when she fell asleep . I found this leveler while browsing for toys and I had to try it . It works wonderful and our daughter is much happier when she sleeps now . A pool noodle would not have been big enough to do the job right in our car . Great product I would recommend it to anyone who need to level there car seat .
 I love this product . My son is in a convertible car seat , rear facing and this product allows me to get the car seat in so tight you ca n't move it ! And it works in both my vechicles , which are a Tahoe and PT Cruiser , so you can see if works in large and small vehicles . And I do n't have to roll up towels , only to have to undo the seat belt if the car seat is not at the right angle . Works first time , every time . And I do n't think the price is beatable considering the consequences of not having your car seat properly installed !!!! A + + + + + +
 It worked in our car -LRB- Dodge Intrepid -RRB- but not in our truck -LRB- also a Dodge -RRB- . So , if you buy it you sould know up-front that it may or may not work in your vehicle .
 I 'm a babysitter and also have problems getting seats to fit in my 89 car ! I used to use fun noodles but I found this and it works great.I never worry about my lil ' clients ' safety !
 I own this particular item . I bought it because my car has leather seats and my son 's Century Breverra booster seat would not stay put . I have found it corrected the problem and is very useful . I recently bought another one for my newborns convertible car seat . It also help to keep the seats nice and clean .
 I have had this in my cloth seat for my son 's booster for about 1 year now . I bought it when I bought the booster . I have saved my interior from MANY spills , and lots of wet feet due to our climate . Overall , I am VERY pleased w / this protector . I now have twins coming and am registering for 2 more to go into my new vehicle -LRB- w / leather seats -RRB- . It could be a little longer but , it still gets the job done well . As for color-whatever !
 This car seat grabber seems to have fixed our slippery car seat problem on our new leather seats . The only thing is that it does n't go up high enough on the back , so the back part really serves no purpose . We have the Evenflo Triumph car seat . It has a top tether , so it 's not a big deal .
 This product works Great with my 4yr olds new car seat !! I have leather in my van and its works with those marks it usally laeves ! But ... . with my 6 yr olds car seat which is the Alpha Omega Purchased back in 2000 this grabber is not high enough to protect the seat all the way up ! my sugestion is to make it longer ! but all in all its a great product for the cost !!
 I 'm happy so far with this car seat mat . I have the 2007 version , which is shaped slightly different from the one in the picture -LRB- I believe that SafeFit had to change the size so that the mat would n't interfere with seats employing LATCH -RRB- . As for the mat 's thinness , I consider a thin mat a bonus . A thicker mat , in my opinion , is more likely to influence installation and performance -LRB- a sentiment that others here seem to share -RRB- . My only purpose is to keep the plastic base of our infant seat from directly contacting our car 's cloth seats -- a job that this mat does well . The stickiness of the mat -LRB- think Yoga mat -RRB- also helps the car seat stay in place a bit better -LRB- the plastic on the bottom of our infant seat is very smooth -RRB- . My only criticism is that if you are using a rear-facing seat you will have to fold the top portion over so that it does n't flip onto your baby 's legs -LRB- I had to figure this out myself because the mat does n't come with instructions -RRB- . I have to add that this mat costs several dollars less than the Prince Lionheart mat that everyone seems to like so much.UPDATE -LRB- March 2010 -RRB-
 after getting a new car with leather seats , we were worried that the carseat would dent and eventually rip the seats . obviously the car seat will be installed for a few years , same spot , in the heat and cold , etc. . . as for the product , the material is similar to the drawer/cabinet liners you use in the kitchen and they are just slighly thicker . i 'm sure car seat experts would say never to install these mats . after leaving the hospital with my first , they said never to have the window shades or rear-facing mirrors -LSB- find me a car that does n't use those ! -RSB- . after installing the car seat on the mat , i can say that my car seat is n't going anywhere in a crash . after installing it correctly the mat is dented in due to how tight the car seat has to be , so do n't expect it to lay flat like in the picture on the box.overall , it serves the purpose we bought it for . 4 stars because it does n't stay up on it 's own and it does n't reach the top of the seat .
 I really like my Car Seat Grabber !!! It protects the cloth seats from overturned sippy cups -LRB- that supposedly do n't leak , but occasionaly do ! -RRB- and cracker crumbs and such . It also prevents those annoying indentations in the vehicle cloth/leather seat once the car seat is removed!I only gave it four stars because there was one downside -LRB- for me -RRB- that my car seat is taller than the Car Seat Grabber , so there are a couple of little marks on the vehicle seat back where the car seat rubs . Although , no product is perfect for every situation!I think it is absolutely worth the money !
 The color is neutral which works well in most vehicles . It holds both my toddler 's carseat and my son 's booster seat . It keeps the carseat from digging into my leather seats and has saved my seats from spills and crumbs . The back seems high enough for me and the front comes just to the edge of the seat , which I like because I do n't want it to hang over or stick out . For the price , you really ca n't beat it .
 We use this one in our that has cloth interior and it works well . I do n't know what it would do with leather seats .
 I purchased an Ohio State crib set but it did n't come with sheets . I found this one and it went with the set perfectly . It has been spit up on and washed many times . It has n't faded one little bit and is really soft . My little one loves her crib ! : -RRB-
 This is a great product for sore nipples . It also helped with my flattened nipples when my milk first came in and I was experiencing engorgement . The only downfall is that if you are a heavy leaker -LRB- as I am -RRB- the inserts will not absorb all the milk and will spill as soon as you bend over . I had to stop using them because of this . But the short amount of time I was able to use them allowed my nipples to heal , and I do n't really need them anymore .
 These shells are a must have for new moms ! The hospital provided the hard shells for me and they were OK until my milk came in . Once my breasts swelled with the new milk the hard shells hurt so much I could n't use them . The soft ones were so comfortable ! I got blisters the first day after my daughter was born -LRB- no problems with latching on , the little `` sucker '' just had a very strong suck ! -RRB- and could n't stand anything to touch my nipples . I think these shells are one of the main reasons I continued to nurse after the first few days .
 I am a first time mom and decided I wanted to breastfeed my baby exclusively . I was n't prepared for the soreness and pain associated with it , though . I used these to help my nipples recover in between feedings , either to air-dry or to let the lanolin ointment -LRB- which I highly recommend in addition to the shells -RRB- help the skin recover without my nipples touching my shirt . After about three weeks my nipples became used to the process and I started using these less . They were definitely a lifesaver and helped me stay on track with breastfeeding . I 'm not sure I could have made it without !
 A friend gave these to me when I had my third child . They were so helpful that I wanted to cry ! I could n't believe what a relief they were , and I would have spared myself a lot of pain if I had had them with my first and second babies.Here 's the scoop
 I was almost ready to give up breastfeeding and resort to full-time pumping before I tried these . My nipples were extremely sore , raw , and tender , and I would tear up whenever my son latched on . It was ruining the whole breastfeeding experience for me , and I felt so guilty ! I got these SoftShells and within a few days my nipples felt a million times better . They keep the nipple erect , which helps with latching , and the air-circulation has healed the cracks and raw areas . They are a little awkward to get used to at first -LRB- think of wearing a ` cup ' on your boobs -RRB- , but I find that they are pretty discreet under my clothes , especially when worn with a nursing bra/top . My only complaint is that the cups can fill up sometimes -LRB- if you have a let down between feedings -RRB- , and if you 're not careful you can leak out when you bend over or to the side , even with the foam inserts . So be sure to check them , like whenever you go to the restroom . Its amazing how much milk can collect in them ... Small inconvenience compared to how beneficial these SoftShells are !! Do n't give up on breastfeeding ladies !
 I had significant nursing issues when my daughter 's top teeth came in because they were wearing holes at the base of my nipples . I worked with four different lactation consultants and a LLL leader and nobody knew why the holes kept forming . The only good advice I got was to use these shields . Eventually I figured out on my own that the way to solve my nursing problem was to get a really , really deep latch every time I nursed , but I doubt I would have even gotten to that point without these shields . It beats walking around topless 24/7 , plus , with all the ointments I was having to use I 'd make a mess when I was topless . Using these shields allowed my nipples to heal .
 My breastfeeding experience with my first son was awful . I 'm a redhead with very sensitive skin , and found my nipples scabbed and blistered before I even left the hospital . I had pain with nursing -LRB- even though his latch was great -RRB- for weeks , and finally gave up because the pain was too much . With my 2nd child , I was determined to nurse longer and without pain . A friend recommended this product and it saved my breastfeeding experience ! I had minimal pain during the first few days of nursing , and made sure to wear this product at all times ! After 4 days , I was able to go without them , and my nipples have n't hurt since . This is amazing for me , especially with my sensitive skin . I believe that this product allowed my nipples to heal quickly between feedings , and the fact that they were not rubbing on my clothing or breast pads between feedings also helped . I only needed these for less than a week , but it was totally worth it , seeing that I am breastfeeding my daughter now without a single problem . Thanks Medela !!
 I had been using the disposable pads and Purelan ; but , still experienced soreness . After one entire day of use , these shells certainly made me feel a whole lot better . The upshot - seems to help draw out the nipples a little more too . My son found it a lot easier to latch after using these .
 After nursing for one month straight for a voracious baby , my nipples had gotten so sore and painful that I wondered if me crying while nursing was going to be the `` norm '' for me - even with lathering the lanolin after each feeding . I had already seen a lactation consultant , who said the latching was perfect , so I knew that was n't the problem . I decided that other moms must have gone through this too , so I researched and found these Soft Shells -- What a DREAM these are ! They protect my sore nipples so well , I wish I had found them sooner ! I began to notice things I was doing that probably aggravated the situation . For example , holding the baby against my shoulder to burp him , then I 'd slide his body down my chest to settle him in my lap -- HELLO ! rubbing against my nipple ! OUCH ! NO MORE PAIN WITH THESE SOFT SHELLS !! They even help while driving -LRB- the seatbelt kept chafing against my breast - so I 'd have to drive with one hand holding the seatbelt away and the other on the steering wheel ! -RRB- I am a D cup , and they do , unfortunately , look silly under T-shirts , but with winter coming it wo n't matter with sweater season and all.I had no problem wih leakage like some of the other reviewers have , but I do use the washable breast pads folded in half like someone else had mentioned , just in case . Then I wash all in a laundry bag along with the foam inserts that come with it.If you have a soreness problem - DEFINITELY try these ! Like I mentioned before , if I had found these sooner , I might not have had to use formula to supplement - I could n't deal with the pain anymore ! Now I nurse , pump , and use formula . Oh , well , maybe with my next baby I 'll have these to help me nurse exclusively for longer.I hope this helps more nursing mothers - good luck ! And do n't give up !
 The Soft Shells are fantastic - even better than the medela thera shells which are smaller and have hard backs . The soft shells have a soft rubber backing that contours to your body - much more comfortable . I have found that I use them almost every day for sensitivity - even when there is no soreness . I highly recommend this product for women who are breastfeeding or even just pumping -LRB- I 'm just pumping -RRB- . Get two pairs so that you can wear the other pair when you are washing and sterilizing the first .
 I HIGHLY recommend these ! The are comfortable and great for relieving sore nipples . A must have for any breast-feeding mom !
 These breast shells are a great help . The regular pads were sticking and made me even more sore . These help me not to feel so sore !
 These can definitely be a life saver during the first 1-2 weeks when you do n't want compression on the nipple and you want them to air dry . I have small breasts so I could wear them in any bra , and I did n't have a huge leakage problem , so I changed the foam twice a day.The only problem I had was that my skin broke out where the rubber rested against it . I think it got damp and was n't allowed to breathe because it cleared up within 48 hours after I stopped using them . Bottom line
 I have to say , I just gave birth on the 20th and have had these on everyday since I left the hospital . They are the best . Yes when the nipples are cracked and hard and hurt alot the shells can be a little annoying . However for many woman , after you continously breastfeed your child , your breasts will become accustomed to their new job and ease up alittle . then you will be especially thankful for these shells . I 've dealt with that small discomfort so that I would n't deal with the agony of my bra or shirts irritating my nipples . Trust me they are an investment worth making .
 Wow - what a difference !!! I nursed my first child for 21 months and sure could have used these . I just wish I had bought the large ones . Be careful about wearing them while engorged . It gets pretty scary when your breasts take on the shape of the shell . I am also using a new nipple cream that my Dr. prescribed . Do n't be fooled though - there is still going to be some pain for most women . Just know it is the best thing for your baby .
 I am 69 -- probably the oldest purchaser of this product , but it has been very helpful to me recently . After a successful lumpectomy for breast cancer -LSB- they `` got it all '' with good margins -RSB- , my surgeon prescribed 6 weeks of daily radiation treatments . A major side effect is the sunburn/tenderness of the skin after a week or so of treatments , for which they give you a healing lotion to start using immediately . My nipples became irritated eventually , and I needed help for the times I could n't go braless and wear a soft shirt . In my mind , I designed the perfect solution -- a firm , domed covering with air-holes for ventilation . Before calling the patent attorney , I looked on-line to see if it had already been invented ! Fortunately , it had been , and I got them within a few days . They work perfectly , and my radiation tech and radiologist see them as a new help for their patients . Spread the word .
 These are truly worth every penny ! I felt relief instantly , they are very comfortable and within one day I felt a big difference during nursing . I wear them day and night along with using the nuk moisture balm . Instead of using the foam inserts I just used a bit of tissue inside so I could just throw it away when it becomes wet . Not very noticeable under clothing .
 I have both types , TheraShells and SoftShells . I have to say , there are significant differences . SoftShells have soft backing , the shell is a bit bigger and on the breasts under bra they look more natural than TheraShells . TheraShells look like you stuffed a mushroom under your bra . It looks really funny . Not so with SoftShells . The feeling compared to TheraShells is also different . While one feels wearing TheraShells , when wearing SoftShells , you can forget about them . The only thing what is bad on them are those holes what start already in about a half of the shelf . If your milk leaks a bit more , you 'll have to check it frequently . Next thing - do n't bend over . Seriously . Ever .
 I could n't stand the feel of my nipples resting against my bra or shirt , so these were a savior . They have their own problems though ... just have to weigh the pros and cons . The breathing holes allow for milk to leak through when I forget and bend over . Remember that the opposite breast will let down when you start feeding , and the sponges do not soak up all of my milk . Also , they irritate my aereolas .
 These are great for preventing your sore nipples from touching either your bra or a nursing pad . The only drawback for me was that they seemed to stimulate letdown , and the absorbant pads were n't enough to soak up the amount of milk released with letdown . However , the relief I was able to get from wearing them , if only for a few hours a day was worthwhile .
 I first used these while nursing our third baby and my nipples were cracked and bleeding . I was assured that latching on was correct . I am fair-skinned , so maybe that contributed to the problem . Whatever . The shells helped almost immediately and within a couple of days I was so much more comfortable.We just had our fourth baby and I 've been using the shells since my milk came in . I 've had NO PAIN whatsoever!I know proper nursing is n't supposed to hurt , but in my case -LRB- and most of my friends ' cases -RRB- there are a few weeks when latching on and getting going can be pretty toe-curling . These shells saved me from that this time around . I do n't know why they are not promoted more ! They are so worth the money !
 my wife ordered something else , but was not happy . found these , and now she is happy . Great for those who are nursing
 These shells gave me instant relief from sore nipples associated with breastfeeding . However , know that breast shells can increase milk production -LRB- ask your lactation consultant or doctor , or just Google it -RRB- . This may be fine or even welcomed for some mothers , but for me , it was an undesired side effect . Still , because they worked so well , I 'd definitely use them again !
 I love them !! and would have never it made it through breast feeding without them . HOWEVER , you have to compensate for the extra space in your bra for the shell . If not the bra is to `` full '' and it creates a lot of pressure against the nipple . So the bra fits well without them you need to find a new bra or some bra 's have the adjustable cups . All I 'm saying is these are great and yes you do have to see if they are to tight and making your nipple red , however once you get the right fit with everything it is HEAVEN not having anything touch your nipple .
 my girlfriend complained of her nipples being sore from breast feeding and these had great reviews so i got them.she loved them , they dont touch ur nipple to aggravate it yet still catches any leakage
 great item and a gift from the gods when you are sore from nursing the first few weeks . however , if you 've had a few kids -LRB- aka nursed before -RRB- or a large area to cover they may end up being too small .
 This is great for sore nipples ! Fits into any bra , ans no need to wear bra pads since these shells have foam inserts inside that absorb any leaks .
 I have large breasts - DD normally without the added bonus of the milk . My son latched on great at first , but then got a cold and could not latch properly . He got lazy with my milk supply being very good and refused to open his mouth wide enough . Needless to say breastfeeding became torture . I was almost to the point of considering formula when I came across these.Within just a few hours of wearing them , the pain decreased . The shells helped shape my nipples a little better and made it easier for my son to latch with little effort . After a full day of use , the pain has become almost non-existant . I wish I had bought these for my daughter because I might have been able to breastfeed her longer than just 9 months . These shells have made breastfeeding the wondeful bonding experience it was meant to be . My son is still a little lazy with the latch , but he is getting better and opening his mouth wider now.At first I was discouraged by the thought of needing to sanitize them every night , but I bought a microwave bottle sanitizer which makes sanitizing them a breeze . I am a very satisfied customer .
 These shields do work very well . I have large breasts and large nipples -LRB- E cup when I came home from the hospital -RRB- my son lacthed on great at first , but then he seemed like he could n't handle their size and when a baby latches on wrong your nipples get even more abuse . I could not stand for a towel , or my bra to touch them , I cried every time he tried to nurse . My husband bought me these shields and an adjustable nursing bra -LRB- so I could have more room for the shields -RRB- . Instead of using the inserts included I used cheap disposable nursing pads -LRB- save the nice ones for using directly on your breast -RRB- . With in days I was healing and feeling sooooo much relief . But when you are nursing , take the shield off the other breast too . I was n't thinking about let down on the side not being nursed -LRB- I had pain on my mind -RRB- and the shield filled up with milk completely . The poor nursing pad inside tried to absorb , but with the shield preesing on my breast ang having let down , it got messy . I learned quick.Overall , the shields work great . Your only choices with sore nipples like I had are these shields or go bra-less . And go bra-less and leak milk all over your house .
 My nipples were extremely painful in the first few weeks . My breasts were too large for my daughter to handle for the first 2-3 weeks , so I was pumping every two hours . Needless to say this wore my nipples out very quickly . These shells - which my mother -LRB- a lactation consultant -RRB- suggested - were a lifesaver . Allowing my nipples to air dry helped them heal and provided relief from the friction of a bra or nursing pad . HOWEVER , they also encourage excretion from the nipples and , thus , would fill up pretty quickly . If you did n't feed/pump frequently and/or check on them often , there was often a good chance that they would overflow , or be so full that the slightest leaning forward would cause them to spill . I think they would work better if you could find a material more absorbant than the foam inserts provided . Once you are aware of the problem , though , it 's easily managed . Overall , the pros definitely outweigh the cons .
 I highly recommend purchasing these shells even before the baby is born ... if you plan on breastfeeding . I was very sore in the first few weeks . The shells allowed me to apply lanolin cream on my nipples and let them air out and heal in between feedings . I did only use them until my nipples were no longer sore which mentioned before was only a few weeks . But they got me through those weeks when I do n't know if I 'd have made it otherwise ! They were a wonderful product for me !
 My son was in the NICU when he was born and had grown accustomed to the bottle , and did n't want to take the time to latch on properly . I was extremely sore , and experienced cracking and bleeding . My dear , sweet husband bought these , and almost immediately I felt relief from the soreness because of the nursing bra . These allowed my nipples to heal and also drew them out which helped my son to latch on properly . I can honestly say these -LRB- and my being stubborn -RRB- saved me from stopping breastfeeding . The only drawback to these is that I can not find additional inserts , and the pack only comes with two sets . I do n't think the inserts last me through future children should I need these again .
 I had sore , cracked nipples from excessive pumping , but I found instant relief once I used these . However if you have heavy flow , you 'll find that the inserts are not absorbant enough and you will leak through the breastshell holes when you bend over . I compensate for this by inserting a nursing pad between the breastshell and my bra .
 If I did n't have these I would have quit nursing weeks ago ! I was so sore the first 4 weeks , I almost quit ... these are a must-have if you are sore . They are very comfortable and look pretty natural through clothing . They do cause a little leaking , but just change the foam inserts regularly , or wear a breast pad over them . They are easily worth the $ 15 , if not much more !
 To be brief I will say these are SUPER for sore , cracked nipples ! And I agree 100 % with the other good reviewers . A suggestion though about the foam inserts ... they do not hold a lot of milk and once your milk comes in you WILL leak if you are wearing these . What I did was take a nursing pad and fold it in half and put it in the bottom of the shell , where the insert would go . Depending on how much you leak , esp . at night , you might have to change them more frequently . You can use the disposables -LRB- Lansinoh makes great disposables -RRB- or the washable pads .
 I started wearing these in the hospital with my third baby and they completely eliminated that painful engorging that happens . And no more leaking at the grocery store every time my baby fusses . I hated those yukky pads in my bras and always felt like I needed a shower . No more !!
 This is my first baby and I got very sore and cracked nipples from breastfeeding him . I tried just about everything to help heal them . Using these with A&D ; Original Ointment Tube for Diaper Rash & All-Purpose Skincare Formula - 1.5 Oz between nursings , and pumping for two days with only nursing a few times , was the only thing that worked to heal my severely cracked nips . -LRB- If you do this , wipe off the A+D before breastfeeding/pumping as it can be harmful if ingested by baby . -RRB- I would n't recommend them for leaking . They seem to make me leak more , as I rarely leak when not using these . They also will soak your clothes if you do n't empty them VERY often , and then bend over to pick something up ! I can see them being useful for collecting milk while breastfeeding.They are larger than I imagined them being , but they are n't very noticeable if you wear a padded bra .
 The medela soft shells were comfortable to wear and worked well for drawing out my inverted nipples I have even recommended this product to several friends that are nursing .
 The lactation consultant at the hospital had never seen shells like this before . They worked so much more effectively than the ones provided by the hospital .
 This product came very quickly , I was very impressed . This product was suggested by my niece for me to purchase for my daughter who is planning to breast feed . She said she would not have ` survived ' w/o these !! However , I purchased the Inverted Nipples instead of for ` sore nipples ' for my daughter by mistake . Not sure if these can be returned/exchanged . We opened the box then discovered they were for inverted nipples ... My mistake however ... Will still purchase more items when needed from here .
 Due to having inverted nipples and not really knowing how to help that -LRB- the nurses and LC at the hospital were n't much help to me at all -RRB- , I did n't do too well with breastfeeding my first child and gave up after only about 1 wk which made me feel like a total FAILURE . Heck , I did n't even know I had inverted nipples until the nurses told me!I got pregnant again and really wanted to give breastfeeding another try this time around so I began researching as much as possible to find out what I can do without using those nipple sheilds they give you at the hospital . I found a blog site talking about how these helped a women in my situation so I ordered them from here . They arrived very quickly and were a great price . I started to use them when I was around 8 months pregnant . Since I have been using them they have made a considerable change to the shape of my nipples . They are n't inverted like they used to be ! The cups are very comfortable to wear as well . They do make a weird shape in your bra so I would n't be running errands or anything in them but I wear them while I 'm doing housework and you can barely feel that you are wearing them.I now feel like breastfeeding will be a much better success this time around because of these cups . -LRB- And from all the other information I have learned since the last time around -RRB-
 This shells work for inverted nipples . You have to wear them all the time or at least an hour before feeding , otherwise nipples will go back to how it was .
 my midwife told me to get a set of breast shells because my nipples are a little on the flat side . these shells looked simple and effective so i decided to try them . i put them on before going to take a nap and forgot they were even there . they do their job to fix the flatness and are comfortable in the process . they of course do show through clothing but i have no problem with just using them at home . they serve the intended purpose for me and i am very pleased . i havnt had my son yet so im not lactating and cant review as far as the leak protection goes , but so far i very much like these .
 I just received mine in the mail yesterday and I put them on immediately . They are so comfortable . I felt like they were n't even there . I like the round shape . I noticed alot of the shells are pointed . I had no problem going out with them on . You could not even tell I had them on -LRB- at least I did n't -RRB- . I have inverted nipples . I had trouble breastfeeding my 4 year old son when he was born . I 'm hoping to correct this problem before my baby girl is born in January . So far , so good .
 The most useful thing I have had since I had my baby.I do n't have inverted nipples , I have 38 DDD or E breastswhich were not to easy for a little baby to get a hold of the nippleswith all of the extra flesh smothering her face , I know that soundsweird but hey ... everyone has their own problems with breastfeeding in the begining.I just needed an extra boost so that my daughter could get a good latch.I stopped wearing them after a couple of weeks after she got the hang of it.Like I said ... The most useful thing I have had since I had my baby.It really calmed us down in an already stressful time .
 I just bought them because I have inverted nipples . I 'm only 25 weeks pregnant but wanted to `` fix '' my nipples before my baby was born . I have to say I thought they would be uncomfortable to wear and they are n't at all . I suggest wearing them mainly when your at home or as the other reviewers have said with a loose shirt .
 These shells work great.The first few weeks of breast-feeding my baby were painful and I did not want anything touching my breasts , so these shells worked great as a barrier between my clothes and my skin.I used to leak a lot and these shells helped collect the leaked milk without staining my clothes .
 I have had inverted nipples my whole life , and breastfeeding was absolutely agonizing . These breast shells help SO MUCH I can not recommend them highly enough . They fit over the nipple and allow it to stay dry and extended between nursings so that the ordeal of trying to draw out an inverted nipple from a swollen and engorged breast for a frantic and hungry baby is completely eliminated . I see that some women with large breasts are having trouble with them ; my breasts are size E -LRB- + + when the milk first arrives ! -RRB- and I have no problem using them . Perhaps the bra you use with them has something to do with it ? As far as being able to `` see '' the shields through clothing , well , I never worried about it . I was so happy to simply have something that worked ! I guess if you wear tight or light-colored clothing it might be obvious that your shape is different , or if someone gives you a particularly vigorous hug -LRB- ouch -RRB- they might think you are wearing some sort of body armor , but so what ? I think being able to breastfeed without the agony was well worth it . Also , I only wear the shields for about the first month or so while baby is getting the hang of the process ; after that , we both seem to get better at it at the shields become unnecessary . Hope this helps someone who is struggling ! Inverted nips are the worst , but breastfeeding is so rewarding that I 'm grateful to have found a product to get me through the hard part .
 I got these to wean my daughter off the nipple shield . I wore these all the time the first day and by day two she was latching correctly and off the shield . I say these are the best thing for a mom trying to breast feed with inverted nipples and I have tryed everything this is the only thing that helped !
 I ordered these after 2 weeks of frustration trying to get my son to latch onto my one flat nipple -LRB- the other side is normal -RRB- . The doctor and lactation specialists said I did n't need these , to just pump to help draw out the nipple and keep trying . I wish I had n't listened to them because within 5 days of wearing these , he was latching on regularly with no issues , and within 2 weeks was no longer showing any nipple preference between the two sides ! -LRB- Since I was also pumping that may have sped up the process . -RRB- I did give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it looks weird when wearing it , I definitely would n't have left the house in it . And second , it leaks a lot if you 're not careful -- I would n't realize how much milk was in it -LRB- the foam pads are not very helpful unless you only have a tiny bit of milk coming out -RRB- and then it would spill all over me from the air holes when I shifted . However , that `` wasted '' milk was completely worth it to me since I can now nurse from both sides with no problems . I just wish I had gotten them earlier !
 I ordered these for my flat nipples a couple of weeks ago . Im 8 months pregnant and planning on breastfeeding exclusively . Within the first days use , I saw my nipples were already changing . Now that I have been wearing them for about a week only during the day , I definently see a change in them . I honestly believe that because of these , I will be able to breastfeed again . They are SOMEWHAT uncomfortable . Sometimes they make my nipples a little sore , to be expected I guess , but not painful . They do need to be worn under a padded nursing bra because they do change the shape of you boobs -LRB- mine are really big , so I guess thats probably why -RRB- . Other than that , I love them .
 Product was just as expected . I arrived quickly and in perfect condition . This is a good product for new nursing Moms to help with breastfeeding .
 This is my first pregnancy , and I had no clue what was going on . My midwife told me these shells would do the trick , but I was skeptical . I have n't tried anything else , so I can not compare it to other products . I am surprised to see the difference it has made it two weeks , and hopefully it will help when my son comes in a few more weeks.They are comfy , and I really like that they provide the absorbers because I am already starting to lactate . That was really helpful . I have worn them for a few hours during the day , and it was pretty comfortable too . I just did n't hug anyone because it 's weird . I have been wearing sports bra 's for comfort for the past few months , so it was nice to see my girls a little more perky then they have been too . No one could notice I was wearing them.I was satisfied , and if this did n't help me , I do n't know what would have .
 My daughter was hospitalized and forgot how to nurse and would naw and get frustrated . The nipples on the shield are long and she was able to re-learn how to nurse using these shields . I highly recommend these for moms who have trouble nursing .
 I was really not looking forward to wearing the hard plastic shells I 'd gotten from La Leche League to help correct my inverted nipples during my last pregnancy . Knowing I was in for a world of trouble if I did n't wear them , I dug them out and just could n't bring myself to put them on . Then I discovered these soft shells at Babies R Us , and decided to give them a try . They have a soft backing against the breast/nipple instead of rigid plastic , so comfort is key here . Instead of being small and highly domed , these are more shallow and larger , so that they are more discreet when you wear them . There are washable inserts to absorb milk , rather than having to deal with dried pooled milk . And best of all , they do indeed draw the nipple out to prepare for nursing . I 'm wearing them now , and I ca n't even see them through my t-shirt or feel that they are there -LRB- I actually lifted the shirt up to make sure they were properly positioned , and they were ! -RRB- . If you have inverted or flat nipples , these are clearly the shells to get !
 I purchased these for my second pregnancy , and began wearing them about four days a week at 35 weeks . They really do work to draw out inverted/flattened nipples . I would recommend wearing a looser-fitting shirt because the shape will be visible if you wear a tight shirt.If you are on your first pregnancy and have questions about shells , check with your doctor , especially because they may begin to draw out colostrum or even induce premature labor.I had no idea the first time I was pregnant that I might have problems with breastfeeding ! By the time my first child was five days old , I was so exhausted and frustrated that I was ready to switch to the pump & bottle method . I 'm hoping with these that I 'll be able to breastfeed my second child . So far , I 've seen a definite improvement , and these are comfortable enough that I can forget I 'm wearing them.Nice side note
 These really do work . I recommend using them before you have the baby though . I waited , and it was quite an ordeal . You will save yourself considerable misery if you wear them in advance -LRB- but not too far in advance , or you can induce premature labor -- talk to your obgyn -RRB- .
 I did n't use them until I had the baby and was home for a week or so . I was having problems with the baby latching on and the doctor said it could be because my nipples were inverted . I tried these shells and they really worked great . The only thing is that you have to make sure you check them from time to time because they do collect a good amount of milk . If you leave them too long , you 'll wind up leaking through . Definitely wear a loose shirt because you can tell that you are wearing something underneath if you have a tight shirt on . Also , watch how you hold the baby with them on . They are a bit hard so you do n't want to lean the baby over them in a bad position . It would be uncomfortable for him .
 Our son was born in the middle of September . During the first day we definitely had problems . The day after having him my lactation consultant suggested these and hubby ran to babysrus to buy these . I wore them for an hr before feeding time and our son truly fed for the 1st time and was able to stay latched for the entire 40mins that he took . They were effective immediately and these were such a godsend . You dont have to worry about the nipple confusion etc that you might have with a shield , and previous review is right , most of the time I would easily forget they were there and would have to check to make sure . Also they are not noticeable under clothing so you can wear these anywhere.I also wore these when I had leakage problems and I never had to worry about leaking through my clothes in public or something.Our son is now 4mnths old and I havent had to use these since he was 2mnths old.I 'm saving these for any future kids of ours and I recommend them to anyone with inverted or flat nipples .
 My wife has been trying to breastfeed our fisrt child . As many women , she has problems with her nipples
 My daughter was born almost three months ago on August 27 . I have inverted nipples and I tried desperately to breastfeed her , but she just would n't latch on . She just cried and cried . Plus my milk did n't come in till several days later -LRB- this is my first child -RRB- . I have not tried this product , but a week or so after she was born I intended to buy breast shells , but accidently bought a nipple shield from medela at Target -LRB- I guess Babies R Us does n't carry it - at least online -RRB- . Anyway , the nipple shield is made of soft plastic that is worn over the nipple and areola and your nipple fits in a sort of tube that has holes in it -LRB- it almost looks like a bottle nipple -RRB- . There is even an indentation so that the baby 's nose wo n't be on the plastic . There are two sizes to choose from . This product costs $ 7 . If I had n't gotten this nipple shield , I never would have been able to breastfeed . I am so glad I purchased this product because of the bonding experience that occurs when you breastfeed . I am no longer frustrated and she latches on fine and I have no problems .
 these works wondres . I have flat nipples and was getting very frustrated with breastfeeding . This was my last resort before I was going to give up . They have worked great with drawing out the nipple . I noticed a different within the first day of wearing them . They also help sore nipples too .
 This worked well with my medela pump . It was great when we went on vacation . The cord is long so it made it very easy .
 I purchased mine for travel and have had no problems with it in any automobile . Mine was much cheaper as an accessory to the pump purchase from affordablepumps.com
 I ca n't explain how this car adapter has made my life easier . I have been numerous places trying to find an outlet for the wall plug -LRB- McDonalds , Arby 's , Walmart , O'Charley 's , etc. -RRB- and have not had any luck so I am so thankful that I found and purchased this car adapter . Great product I would recommend this to anyone who has a Madela Breast Pump
 Keep in mind that this adapter is not for new Medela pumps . I do n't recall what year the cut off is for this adapter , but you should research that before purchasing . The cord length is great
 I purchased this to use on long trips . About a week after I got it , we had a power outage . I 'm sure I looked silly sitting in my dark garage pumping with this adapter ... but it worked !
 I am a full time working mom . In the beginning I pumped in the conference room restroom of my small office . It was always hit or miss on wether someone would use the conference room while I was in the restroom , hence extremely uncomfortable . I had a hard time letting down , and an over all hard time pumping.I purchased the vehicle adapter and could n't be happier ! It does pump much faster than the AC adapter , but I thought it worked out well . I let down faster , and was finshed pumping faster . You have the option with the Pump-in-Style to adjust the suction , so that may counter act the speed . Plus you are in the privacy and security of your own vehicle . You can listen to music to help relax your self . You do n't have to worry about people overhearing the churning of the pump.My vehicle adapter recently fell apart however , but I think it was turn to the frequency of use . I ca n't imagine them being design for every day use . Regardelss , I am purchasing another adapter , because I am back to the conference room bathroom and again struggling with the pump !
 This is great to have if you are going to be on the road and need to pump . The long cord was helpful too , so you can sit in the backseat and be discrete . It was a bit tough to insert into the outlet in my car , but I 'm hoping that it gets easier the more I use it .
 Recently went to a NASCAR event that took me away from my daughter for 12 hours ! I was able to pump to and from the event in the back seat while my hubby drove ! The adapter cord is long , so it will extend from the front adapter to the back seat in an SUV . The power is great and I was able to pump 6 oz . from each breast in 30 minutes using this adapter ... it takes longer when plugged into the wall !
 Married mom of a 3 yrs old boy and infant boy . This product allows me to pump on the go so that none of my boys are neglected of my time with them .
 The car adapter was a life saver . I found myself using this a lot more than I thought .
 Works just like you would expect it to work . Not as powerful as using a plug in but it works .
 So far very happy with this purchase . Has great suction and was a better deal than buying it in-person . I use it with my Medela Pump 'n Style Advanced .
 Powers the original Pump in Style from your car charger . Note that it will pump a bit faster than when you run off of the AC adapter . However , if your car battery is old or weak , the speed will vary considerably -LRB- presuming that you do this while the vehicle is moving . -RRB- In that case , you might be better served to buy all of those AA batteries and use the battery pack instead .
 Before I found out this adapter , I couldnt leave my house more than a few hours . I often need to rush home to do the pumping . Now I can pump in the car wherever I go . Very convenience . Itis a life saver ! It works as good as the regular plug , I dont feel stronger and weaker . I never drive and pump , I often park the car in the quiet parking lot or I pump when my husband is driving . It is a MUST HAVE for me !
 For busy moms who can multi-task well , this is a great product ! You can pump in the car while riding home from work , shopping , long trips , or wherever ! You do n't have to sit at home and pump and miss out on time with the kids . I highly recommend it !
 I have a nine month old infant . I wish I would have bought this months ago when I first started pumping . I used to have to wake up 30 minutes early to pump before leaving for work . Now , I get up , get ready , and pump on the way to work . Also , now I can leave the baby with grandma and take my older child out without having to worry if the place we 're going will have somewhere I can pump . I use the cord with my lactina plus , and there is no difference in suction/speed .
 I originally ordered the wrong product that was not compatible with my pump and c/s took care of me immediatly . I quickly received the compatible unit . It was a great experience and I would recommend buying from this company !
 This is excellent ! I pump in my car while at work and this is the BEST idea ever . Nice long cord allows you to pump in the backseat for privacy . A must have !
 I bought this yesterday when I knew I was going to a `` tailgate '' party where I would be away from the baby and having a few drinks , and I may have to `` pump and dump '' . I was nervous at first , but this thing worked PERFECTLY ! It worked just like it was plugged into an electrical outlet . It successfully pumped my breasts in 10 minutes and it fits into the case next to the regular plug . I also bought the Medela sanitary wipes to clean the breast sheids since there was no sink near by . This outlet plug is a must have if you want a quiet , clean and safe place to pump your milk . The cord is 8ft long so you can go back into the car . I love this thing and wish I bought it sooner !! It will also be great on long trips , too , so you do n't get any clogged milk ducts . Highly reccommended !!
 Thanks to this adapter and the Medela Pump In Style pump , breastfeeding while working full-time is completely possible ! The adapter fits perfectly in the Pump In Style travel bag and the cord is long enough to reach into the backseat . Great product !
 I found the adaptor worked well in our newer car -- bought in 2000 -- but did n't work at all in our older car -- bought in 1995 . Other adaptors , i.e. cellphones , work in both cars . I think the difference is that this adaptor has only one connector prong on the side ; the cellphone adaptors have two . Beware !
 It does indeed adapt it so you can run the thing in the car . My wife used it on a cross-country trip we took and it basically saved our lives . Well , not our lives , but it does work .
 Worked great . Made the stress of pumping on the go so much less since I could just pump when I needed .
 What a life saver . I work full time and this is a huge time saver . I do n't have to stay longer at work anymore , I can just pump on the way home . I have used it with all three of my kids . I do not notice , as other writers have written , a change in suction with the car adapter vs using it at home with the AC adapter . I have used this in three different makes and models of cars varying in years with no change in suction . A must have !
 works great for my medela symphony . . and the price is actually cheaper than getting it from the hospital lactation office .
 This adapter has been a lifesaver for keeping up my production now that I have gone back to work . With a 20 minute drive to work it is perfect for arriving 'em pty ' . I pump one side at a time to be safer and I 'm sure the truckers enjoy the switch over show ;-RRB- Some have reviewed that the suction is lack luster , but I find it more powerful than at home . I usally am on 2 or 3 setting , but in the car 1 is plenty .
 I am SO happy with this adapter ! My place of employment offers no private areas to pump . On my half hour break I just go to my car to pump without worry .
 This adapter works great . One review I read before purchasing mentioned that you might have to adjust the speed of your pump . I use my pump at the fastest speed and did not have to adjust anything . It worked perfectly and I recommend this product !
 This is so wonderful ! I have needed to use this so many times ! Ca n't recommend it enough for anyone on the go .
 I recently returned to work & I am going to continue giving my daughter breastmilk at least until she is 2 years -LRB- is 4 months old now -RRB- . My challenge was to find a way to pump my milk at the workplace . I do n't work in an office . I do work in different locations each day & my car serves as my office . This product is the solution ! I am able to pump my daughter 's milk in the car & it works great ! My Medela breast pump is about 5 years old so I had to buy a 12vdc . I could n't find a 12vdc at Baby 's R Us ; they only carry the 9vdc -LRB- the newer pumps take 9vdc -RRB- . I was in luck when I found this on Amazon.com !
 This adapter can come in quite handy and it works well . I did n't have any issues connecting it to the pump or the car .
 Love this . I use it all the time when I am traveling to see family . I pump in the car while my husband drives and we have a fresh bottle when we arrive at our destination . It saves the time of heating a bottle and allows you to give your baby fresh milk . Fresh is suppose to be better than cooled and heated milk .
 it works as it suppose to be , now i can stop packing extra battery and the bag is lighter .
 I too bought this for a road trip I was taking . It worked like a charm . As a little warning
 I purchased the car adapter for a 10 hour drive that my husband and I were making with our toddler and infant . I pump exclusively -LRB- not able to breastfeed -RRB- so the adapter was a Godsend ! We did n't even have to pull over . Just make sure you are well covered and do n't end up stuck in traffic next to people who are probably wondering what you 're up to -LRB- unless you 're into that sort of thing -RRB- .
 If you 're on the go with your pump you absolutely need this adaptor ! Most public restrooms do not have electrical outlets and this gives you a clean , private place to pump in a pinch . I love it ...
 I chuckled the first time I saw this car adapter but after reading reviews I thought that this might be something that would really make my life easier . I decided to purchase before going on a road trip and I am glad that I did . I was going to give up on pumping when I went back to work but my hour commute each way will be the perfect time to pump at least two times a day without it interfering with my workload . While the thought of pumping while driving seemed silly , I tried it today and it was completely safe and inconspicuos with my hands-free pumping bra under my shirt . I am very glad that I bought this as it has an even stronger charge than my plug in adapter . I do recommend this to any working mom who might think of giving up on pumping . Be hands free and it is a great idea .
 I will admit I have n't yet used the vehicle lighter adapter for my Pump in Style ; I 'm still on maternity leave and have n't had a need for it . I do spend a fair amount of time in the car for work , so I thought it would come in handy.I 'm glad I bought it . A friend of mine with the same pump and who is in the car a lot for work too used hers quite a bit and was very pleased with it . Based on her rave reviews I would give it 5 stars , but since I have n't experienced it myself yet , I only gave it 4 .
 BE SURE YOU GET THE RIGHT VOLTAGE ADAPTER ! There are TWO different Medela vehicle car adapters . One is designed for 12 volt pumps and the other for 9 volt pumps . If you use the 9 volt adapter on a 12 volt pump , the suction will be weaker and/or a different pace than what you are used to using the regular AC plug adapter . Mismatching pumps and adapters will , over time , stress your breastpump motor and/or your car battery.Read the product information and examine the labeling on your pump to be sure what kind you have .
 A definite must have if you own a Medela pump in style . Its esy to pump anywhere you go by just plugging into your cars cigarette lighter.I have found no difference in suction between using the a/c adaptor in the house or the car adaptor ...
 If you need to pump in the car for any reason : Working full-time , during lunch.Long trips -LRB- vacation -RRB- during the summer.Privacy.Asking someone to drive , while you pump in the back -LRB- cord long enough -RRB- . : -RRB-
 This has been a great help ! It is worth the money if you are on the road a lot - or , a working mom . Just remember that the pump frequency increases with this adapter so just turn it down low .
 This adapter works great when you 're traveling on the road and has a long enough cord that I have been able to use it while riding in the back seat of the vehicle and needing to pump in the car . I would highly recommend for anyone that travels !
 This is such a great product to have . Much better than the battery pack due to the expence of batteries and the batteries do n't last long . So many places that I 've been to do n't have outlets to plug in the pump and what to you do ??? Well now I do n't have to worry just go back to the car and pump . This adapter is always with my pump so no matter where I 'm at pumping is no problem !!
 I found the adaptor worked well in our newer car -- bought in 2000 -- but did n't work at all in our older car -- bought in 1995 . Other adaptors , i.e. cellphones , work in both cars . I think the difference is that this adaptor has only one connector prong on the side ; the cellphone adaptors have two . Beware !
 This is perfect for mothers on the go . If I get caught out too long I can pump on the way home !!! EXCELLENT ! ; -RRB-
 This adapter worked great ; in fact , it provided more power than the traditional AC power cord , and I had to adjust the pumping rate on my breast pump . We used it during our summer vacation so that we did not have to stop as often to nurse . I would reccomend it to any pumping mother .
 I am so pleased with this product for my Medela Pump In Style . Works perfectly from the car and very efficient . I originally bought the 9V adapter but quickly learned -LRB- the hard way -RRB- it definitely needed to be the 12V for that product . I am very very satisfied overall .
 Good fast business . Received my order on time . Would recommend this to everyone . Works well and very convenient for on the go mothers .
 Older Medela pumps need the 12 V lighter , which is frequently not sold at Babies R Us . Do not be confused and get the wrong size of volts . I think the cut off is 2007 . You might want to double check that though .
 This is so much better than running on 20 AA batteries !!! I had been struggling with the pump slowing down and not working as well because the batteries died all the time and this fixed everything . We went for a road trip -LRB- 6 hours -RRB- and I did n't have to worry about my pump working . I just wish I thought of ordering it sooner .
 I never used this while I was driving but it was great for if we were parked or driving on vacation .
 This adapter works great with my modela pump in style . It has a long cord and is just about as powerful as my ac adapter . Easy to use ... no complaints !!
 It was so wonderful to have this adapter so that I could pump in the car while my husband was driving . It saved a lot of time on long car trips by not having to stop every couple of hours and waiting for me to pump . I just used the pump with a cover-up and kept going . It says that the pump may be more intense with the use of the adapter , but I never noticed a difference .
 Bought this adapter two weeks ago so I can leave my baby at home to go on dates with my husband without having to use 10 batteries in the battery powered adapter . Plugged it in the 12v outlet in the car and started pumping and it is just as powerful as using the pump at home . It will be great for travelling . Will test it out in October .
 I exclusively pump and this is very convenient . It is much more powerful than the battery pack . I would recommend it if you have to pump while on the road .
 Worked great for using my breast pump in the car ! Made pumping much more convenient and saved lots of time !
 This product works perfectly !!! I pump in the car often and this device saves alot of batteries and time . Highly recommend .
 This product made it very easy to sit in the passenger seat and pump . Whether I was at work or on a long trip I was so glad that I bought this product .
 I ca n't imagine how many batteries I 've saved from buying this when on the go ! I would recommend this to anyone !
 I needed a cigarette lighter power adapter to run a small 12 volt FM transmitter in my Jeep . The little FM modulators just are n't powerful enough to deliver a static-free signal so I bought a 0.5 W Fail-Safe Long Range FM Transmitter - FS CZH-05B , and then I ordered this , not knowing whether the power supply tip would fit my transmitter . It 's a perfect match , and now I have my mobile FM radio station and I can pump up the volume !
 This adapter works better that the adapter that came with my pump ! It was a great buy . Thank you for carring this product .
 I ca n't imagine my life without this ! Works great . Working mother of 4 That needs to pump between drop offs and pick ups and to or from work . This is a must have
 I bought this to use with the Medela Symphony pump I 'm renting . It works great . I get just as much power out of it as I do with the regular power cord at home . When you first plug it in , no words come up on the screen , but as soon as you turn on the power button on the pump , it starts working like normal . Very happy !
 For my job I am on the road and have to pump in the car a lot . The battery pack that comes with the pumps take 8 AA batteries , which only lasted me about 10x pumping for 10 mins each !! And they were energizer brand !! I like this cord because it is long enough for me to plug in and still sit in the back seat of my Venza . It is not cheaply made either like some cords !! WELL worth the money !! I wish it came with a case , even if it was a cloth bag to store it in the car . I lost the twist tie under my seat the first time I used it !!
 If you do your pumping outside of an office , like I do , you 'll find that pumping in the car can be quite enjoyable . You have climate control , your favorite kind of music , and you can even park under a tree or somewhere else if you have time . This car adapter makes it possible !
 The car adapter made pumping easy ; the speed was much faster than pumping from home . Love it , just wished the adapter was sold in stores instead of buying online .
 This handy little item made it possible for me to be able to sustain breastfeeding successfully for over a year , for all 3 of my kids . I could take my Medela electric pump with its cooler , etc. -LRB- seePump In Style Advanced Breastpump , and use a privacy bib to discreetly `` pack a lunch '' for my baby no matter where I was going . I never had to worry about pumping in a restroom or other awkward/dirty environment . Anyone with an electric pump knows how much faster and more efficient they are than the hand-held ones , so this could enable me to slip out for a few minutes , park in a quiet location , and pump during the time it would take for coworkers to have a cigarette or get some coffee . GREAT gadget !
 Great product ! It actually gives my pump more power than the standard wall plug . So glad I bought this .
 So far I 've only used mine in the car twice but the adapter works fine and it 's really nice to be able to use it while traveling .
 if you are a working mom or a traveling mom whether it is for work or fun night out this is a must have ! have the same comfort of home but with you on the road !!!
 I purchased one of these when I was nursing my first child , and I used it twice a day , 3x/week for nine months . Now , with my second , the adapter up and died . I 'm about to replace it with another , but I got pretty good use out of the first.Lots of people like how long the cord is . I think it 's almost too long , considering I pumped as I drove -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- . It just ended up getting tangled up in my feet and on the passenger seat next to my cell phone charger !
 I went through many AA batteries before discovering this little gem . This fits my Medela Pump-In-Style Advanced pump . I 've heard that it does n't fit all Medela pump models , so just verify first .
 This is great for any time you need to pump away from home , I used it during long car trips . It easily reached into the back seat and provided power better than the battery pack -LRB- I have the Medela Lactina , so the battery pack is intended for the Pump in Style and is a little weak for it -RRB- . My only complaint was that it is a little difficult to remove from the lighter , good because you do n't want to accidentally tug it out while you 're working and have your hands full , but annoying when you 're ready to unplug it .
 I had to return to work after my second daughter was born and had no place to pump . I bought this and pumped in my car for several months . Great !
 This is a beautiful gate , that works wonderfully . Highly recommended for permanent installation when looks matter . Installation was actually pretty easy , I installed it myself while my husband was on a business trip . If you know how to run a drill and a screwdriver , you are set . The hardest part is determining if the spacers are needed and how to install it with them.I love that there is not a bar at the bottom to trip over , it can fold back against the wall and be out of the way . I am a little skeptical about the plastic hinges , but overall I am very satisfied .
 We now have 3 of these in our house . I LOVE the look of them . They do n't stand out like a typical baby gate . They are very user friendly and easy to open & close . I am now not always worried about my daughter pulling the gate down on top of herself . Only negative is the very confusing & non-user friendly directions . My husband also had to make a few minor modifications to make it fit . However , all in all we are very happy with the product .
 I bought 2 of these gates for the top and bottom of the stairs . The gates are very attractive . There is an unusually large gap between the 2 pieces of gate -LRB- where you adjust the length of the gate -RRB- . It 's not enough for me to dislike them , but it 's a little strange . The gates are easy to open and close . I like that you can close the gate without having to use the latch . It 's a little loud when it snaps shut , but I use the latch if I need it to be quiet . We needed to mount them from the wall to banisters . Instead of buying costly installation kits , my husband bought some wood and velcro straps and attached it to the banisters . It looks great . In the spring , I will stain it to match . They are VERY sturdy and I do n't worry a bit about the baby opening the gate . I highly recommend this gate .
 FYI - Only gates manufactured prior to September 2001 were recalled due to faulty hinge mechanisms . There have been no recalls on this model of Evenflo gates since then . I 've only owned this gate for a short time , but so far I love it . It 's extremely sturdy , well-made and looks beautiful !
 Went through a few before Evenflo finally sent us this gate for several of their other malfunctioning gates . We LOVE it . It 's been installed for about 6 months now and is as solid as it was the day we put it up -LRB- yes , installation is challenging , but not more so than any other build-yourself furniture -RRB- , even though our daughter hangs off it and rattles it , and we typically slam it shut -LRB- another benefit -RRB- . I trust its solidity 100 % . Loved it so much we bought a second for another set of stairs . It also blends beautifully with our decor , which is very very nice .
 I love it . It was very easy to install and it was very classy looking . However , my first concern was the stability . I feel that the design of it will endure many years of service and it is more sturdy than any other gates I looked at . It was well worth the money and the design of the catch is fantastic , the children will be a lot older before they catch on to how it really works .
 This gate is solid , works well , and looks beautiful at the bottom of the stairs in our home . Overall , we are very happy with it and are glad we purchased it . However , the instructions for installing the gate were absolutely awful - probably the worst we 've ever seen . Installation of this gate is actually pretty intuitive , so you 'd do better to disregard the instructions altogether and just `` wing it . '' The directions were very unclear and my husband ended up having to start all over -LRB- and also drill extra holes in our posts -RRB- . He says he wishes he 'd ignored the instructions because then he would have gotten it all right the first time , and it would have taken him half the time . Also , the cheap screws it came with were another problem -- we finally used our own , and that made a big difference . Bottom line
 We have used this gate for about 2 years at the top of our stairs and just had our first break . The top hinge side was accidentally unlocked by an adult trying to open it at a party we had . They just left it hanging off when they could n't figure out how to open it . When the gate was properly opened on the other side , since only the bottom hinge was connected , the gate tipped forward . Fortunately no one was hurt , but the bottom hinge plastic piece did snap off.If you know how to open the gate , it works great . If you do n't know how to open it , I can see this being a problem . So when we have parties in the future we will just remove the gate to avoid this.When I called Evenflo to order a replacement part , I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they would replace the broken part at no charge to me . They asked that I send the broken part to them -LRB- also at no charge to me -RRB- and seemed genuinely concerned to find out how to improve their product .
 This is the second natural oak baby gate we have purchased for the same location as we gave the other gate to a friend when we thought we were not going to have anymore grandchildren . This gate has great wood materials and looks very nice in our home as we have natural oak woodwork . The same issues that were prevalent with the first gate are still there . We had to order a second gate the first time due to some crooked spindles . That was not necessary this time . The company still packages the product too soon as the varnish interacts with the styrofoam and causes some finish damage/roughness on the spindles that touch the styrofoam . The ends of the wood wall attachments still come discolored and rough due to some interaction with what they come against when they are finished . The small 6x1/2 screws are even more deficient now than they were before . During the first insallation 5 years ago , the heads broke off and I had to drill larger pilot holes and use my own screws . This time , the screws had flat ends , not wood screws , and had to be replaced as before . This time the hanging hardware and large screws were just zinc plated and do not have the brass look as the previous gates hardware had . That is a step backwards in my opinion . Even with the deficiencies noted , I still think it is the nicest looking gate available in a reasonable price range . We do have some fun with the opening mechnism as not only is it child-proof , it is almost adult-proof , but with some training , they eventually get it .
 We looked around for a good baby gate . Despite a few glitches , I 'm grateful we chose this one.I 'm a half-decent do-it-yourself kind of a guy , but I swear there was something wrong with the instructions . The two halves are fit together with metal brackets , and for the brackets to fit , the pickets of the two halves should not be completely staggered , but rather almost aligned . So they give you two tables of measurements , depending on if you need to use a piece of wood -LRB- included -RRB- for a spacer or not . The cruel part is that they do n't really describe why they are putting you through this prep work , or even what the tables are for . The instructions leave much to be desired . Let 's just say that I had to backtrack at some point an insert the spacer I did n't think I needed!This all being said and done , the gate came out absolutely beautiful . It 's fantastic to operate . If you ever deal with other baby gates , there is no comparison . This one you can open with one finger ! Yet , it 's tricky enough that babies do not figure it out . And you can kick it shut behind you
 I just installed this gate and I really like it . I had another evenflo gate that failed and they replaced it with this one . I read reviews on this gate and anticipated it being difficult to install . It was a breeze . I pre-assembled most of the gate last night then spent about 30mins installing it today . The directions were easy to understand and the template was right on . Great purchase and very strong gate . If you do not have any experience with tools , you might have problems but you are probably in a position to hire someone to install it for you .
 Being a new Dad and this being my first attempt to put a gate at the top of my stairs I had hoped it would go a bit more smoothly . I like putting things together but am definitely not a carpenter and installing this gate has been a bit of a project due to the shape of my stairs and the base board trim . Nice solid gate but the directions are a tad confusing . The head of the first screw I used snapped off when I tried to snug it flush -LRB- by hand -RRB- . the rest have worked fine . It seems to work fine after 1 day but I am concerned with the durability of the plastic latches and hinges . If anything breaks I will update my post . As for looks i give it 5 stars.Update
 I love that this gate is made of real wood - it is sturdy and looks really great in my home.The reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the instructions were not very clear , and some of the pre-drilled holes did not line up . The bracket used to connect the two parts of the gate together left a very wide gap between the two pieces as well - they could have made it smaller.Also , I had to install it so that the other end locks into the banister whenever the gate swung closed . This was problematic as the banister does not have a flat cross section all the way up and down . As a result , I only installed one of the latching pieces onto the bottom end of my banister -LRB- which had a flat surface -RRB- , and could not install the latch for the top end as my banister is rounded there . After so many years , you would think they would think of a way to handle banisters properly.Otherwise , it 's a great product . My seven month old daughter leans on it when she stands and I am confident with its sturdiness .
 Received the gate in a timely fashion . Box was a little mashed , but the gate was fine . Installed it fairly easily and it matches my honey oak stair rail perfectly . Love it !
 Have had two of these gates for many years and love them , esp the great look . More like a piece of furniture than a doggie or baby gate . The only problem is the latch system , be sure to lift latch button to close , do not push shut or slam shut or small plastic latch will break . Evenflo very good about replacement parts .
 Very nice looking gate . Matches my woodwork perfectly . Many of the reviews a read prior to purchasing indicated that the installation hardware was poor quality and would break during installation . Very true . First screw into the wall I snapped the head off . After that I replaced all of the screws . No problems after that . Very nice gate but do n't even try to use the screw included . Plastic latches have me a little concerned but holding up so far .
 I am an in home child provider and I have received multiple complements on this gate ! Very durable . Only problem is that the screws given would not hold the gate mounted onto the wall . I had to get toggles and they hold it up great !!
 After reading many reviews , I was skeptical about this product and how hard it was going to be to set up . I read the instructions and had the gate hung in less than 30 minutes , not hard at all . The gate looks great and works perfectly . The only thing I do n't like are the plastic hinges , metal would last longer and make the gate more secure.I would just like to make a note on how nice it is to shop on Amazon , I can find just about anything I need and compare prices and read reviews before I buy . Amazon has always shipped my items and processed my order quickly . This gate was a bit large and heavy , but was delivered in 4 days . Great Thanks Amazon .
 This is a very sturdy gate and was easy to install . I did not want the typical plastic gate , so I was pleased to find a good looking wood product that actually worked well , and did n't cost a ton !
 Bought this gate to replace old metal gate that was falling apart . This gate upgraded the appearance of our house and is well worth the money .
 This is a great gate , very secure - and fortunately I had my husband read all the product reviews before installing it . With a few installation alterations -LRB- per the review suggestions -RRB- we feel very safe when our 1 year old grandson bumps into it , and it looks great too !
 This is one of the best purchases we have made ! We have an 11 month old son . Around 5 months we decided it was time to get a gate for the top of the stairs , but we have a staircase that is 52 inches wide . This really limited our choice of gates.After looking at what was available , we decided on this gate . I was impressed as soon as we took it out of the box . It looks really nice , unlike the baby gates we 've seen at other homes . It is also very sturdy ... our son is pretty strong at 11 months , and he can grab and shake the gate without a problem.The installation was a bit tricky . It took my husband about an hour , which for something with only 6 screws is a bit long . The template was off , and he found one of the screw holes he drilled was about 1/4 of an inch off.I would give this product about a 2.5 for ease of installation , but a 5 + for sturdiness and appearance . Since the install was only 1 hour , and we 've now used it for several months and really love the gate , it deserves a 5 star rating .
 We LOVE this gate . It is VERY nice looking and my husband did n't have trouble installing it . It works very well , is very sturdy - we would buy it again and recommend it to anyone . Worth the extra money !
 We just bought this gate in preparation for the arrival of our first child . We originally looked at the Eddie Bauer line of baby gates , however the bannister of the stairs where we plan on using the gate is dark cherry and we 've had a hard time finding a gate to match.Finally , we stumbled upon the Evenflo Home Decor gate in dark auburn and decided to try it out even though we only saw it in pictures online.Of course , the installation process was a bit frustrating . The instructions are not extremely detailed at times and they are hard to follow because steps blend together due to the use of columns to separate instructions in English , French , and Spanish . The biggest problem , though , was that the heads of six of the eight # 6x1/2 '' pan head wood screws broke off as I was tightening them BY HAND . I 'd like to think I 'm Superman ... but really , six of the eight screws ?!? I ended up removing the remaining two , drilling new pilot holes to attach the spacer brackets , and I used my own screws that I knew would not break . I highly recommend avoiding the included # 6x1/2 '' screws to avoid the possible frustration.I was pleasantly surprised at how well the gate matched our existing stair railing and we love the gate now that it is installed . It seems to be sturdy and well-built , with a `` child-proof '' latch mechanism that involves pushing in and then lifting up a plastic `` lever '' . Time will tell if it handles life with our new arrival.Price paid
 For these `` Decore '' gates , the colors are darker than pictured -LRB- on every monitor I have -RRB- . `` Natural '' is more medium oak , closer the the `` Auburn '' gate picture , just a touch lighter . The construction is typically mass produced , staples instead of screws or dowels . Alignment of parts is adequate for the price . Quality is maybe 3/5 stars if you look close , but 4/5 for a normal view.The mechanism to upen the gate requries the user to push in , then slide up , which is nice but not locking . Since the slide is not spring loaded , you might have to slide it down , then push in , then slide up . I bought one as a trial , but I like it enough to buy two more rather than build my own.One thing to note , there is a gap between the two sections of the gate , the woman 's hand in the picture hides it . Do n't expect that the gate sections are flush against each other , they are not . The directions give little indication of how to orient the metal plates which hold the gate sections together . They are individual pieces which you align and join.Do this : Screw in the eye hooks as far as possible , position and extend the gate as far as needed , clamp the gate together . flip it upside down , and figure out which holes line up best with the mounting plates -LRB- the plates have slotted holes on one side to allow for some movement -RRB- . If you measured the opening , and followed their suggestion for a spacer , one set of holes will line up , but note that the plates face alternating directions from one side to the other . As far as I can tell , the only reason for the spacer is to use the pre-drilled holes . If you can use a drill , tap your own , use better screws and eliminate the wall spacer . -LRB- While you 're at it , tap the plates and mount the gate sections flush . -RRB- From there , the install is straight forward and the mounting template works well . Make sure to take into account the gap between the gate sections since the mounted side and the latch on the other side will need to be offset if you want the gate to line up with stairs , or a door threshold . Rough fit it before you start putting screws into the wall.The mounting hardware is plastic , but it 's fine , unless you use sloppy tolerances and extend the eye-hooks too far , or a child swings on the gate while it 's open -LRB- which I would do at that age -RRB- . Keep everything snug , screwed into solid wood , and it 's a safe gate that looks fantastic if you have wood floors or banisters you 're trying to match.If you are a DIY'er , you could easily mount this using standard door or gate hinges since the frame is solid wood . For the DiY'er , you can make this look really nice in your home . For the rest , it 's easy enough to work around the poorly written directions .
 I wanted a sturdy stair gate that did n't look like jail bars . So when I found this gate , I was very excited . This is a very sturdy astheticly pleasing gate . My son is 10 1/2 months old and extremely active , and he goes over to the gate and pulls himself up and yanks it back and forth . It has n't popped open to date .
 I diligently read all the reviews on this gate before buying it and as discussed in previous reviews , it completely fits the bill.Positives
 Overall I am happy with this gate with a few issues . One , many of the nail holes are not filled in and while easy to do , it should have come that way from the factory . Secondly , the instructions should show you to offset the two sides if you want the gate to be parallel to the wall . The gate is in two sections and the hanger is on one section and the latch is on the other . The sections are offset by about an inch . Not a big deal but should have been suggested . Lastly , the mount did not allow me to fully extend the gate -LRB- I needed about another inch -RRB- . I could have drilled my own holes but I just increased the gap on the left to fit . Once installed it looks good and is kid-proof as you have to push in on the release before lifting it . Had it for over six months and holding up well .
 I purchased this gate in 2001 to fit a large opening from our living room to our front entryway . This gate will be opened and closed multiple times in the course of a day due to the fact it 's located in a main traffic flow area of the house . The look of the gate is very nice , and in 6 years we have not had any issues with chipping or scratching and trust me with two kids in the house just about everything has been latterly thrown at it!Installation can be a challenge if you do n't have the correct tools . A laser level works great or a door framing laser to pinpoint your locations for the hinges.I truly suspect the reason why some folks are having hinge breakage problems is due to incorrect installation or incorrect handling . If you do not line the hinges up properly and over tighten the eyelets onto the hinges , you will induce added stress on the lower hinge and break it . Secondarily you must insure the gate is anchored adequately into your wall . Just mounting this gate to drywall and not into a wall stud will cause a failure . If the gate pulls out from the wall that is an installation problem not a gate issue . When you finish installing the gate it should swing with very little or no resistance and the hinges should flex very little but not lift off the wall . If the gate is not swinging or the hinges are lifting your installation is not correct and you need to fix it.We have had this gate operating now for 6 years and just broke the lower hinge , but my 6 yo and two of her friends tried to climb over it for fun . The lower hinge broke but the top one and the place holders on the opposite side held fast so thankfully no one was hurt . I was amazed the gate stayed in place with all that weight on it . We never had any issues prior to this and I have replacement parts on the way . If installed correctly the gate works very well .
 Gates were easy to install and look very nice . I 've had them up for 3 weeks and no issues with them .
 My husband and I put this together today and since the instructions are a little confusing we just put our thinking caps on and took our time and it went together pretty quickly . Had to move the spacer brackets but that was kind of our fault . The real problem is the screws that are included . If you have to back them out or even trying to tighten them down they break off . You would be better off to get some good ones at the hardware store and save yourself the headache . We have one where the head is completely broken off one of the hinges and another broke when tightening down the spacer on the gate . My husband will eventually have to replace the screw in the hinge but for now it is holding . It 's at a hallway opening to keep our dog out of the bedrooms so there is nothing dangerous about it coming loose . I had read another review that warned about the screws and my husband ignored it much to his disdain !!
 the gate fit our need for a wider opening then other gates and we wanted something more decorative looking then the typical plastic gates . quality is very good . easy to assemble .
 I got this gate for the top of the stairs as the wood goes with other furniture we have . It comes in two parts which need to be screwed together with the included hardware which also allows to adjust the width to be covered . A different review had complaints about the plastic hinges . We had it installed for about 1 year by now and have not run into trouble yet . I would say if your baby does n't get a chance to swing on the gate when it is open , which sounds quite scary just as I write it anyway , the hinges should be fine for quite a while . The latch parts for opening and closing are made of plastic as well and they are fine up to now , too . At the end of the day I would say it is sound quality for reasonable money , and if you wanted to install other hinges or so it would definitely be possible , as the gate itself is solid wood .
 They work great , have three others . All kids intact , will work well with any oak interior . Instalation can be challenging , just work with it .
 We bought this when we first built our house . Our house is all in red oak and is stained a very dark cherry color . This gate is dark enough to blend in with our current wood work . It is n't a perfect match for a cherry stained would , but close enough . We wanted something that wouldl n't look plastic and cheap . We have actually had several visitors visit and ask if we had it custom made for our house . My son is now two and he still ca n't get it figured out to open it and it does its job.I would have given this a 5 star 's but it is definately a DIY gate . It took my husband and dad about an hour and a half to put this together . I think that if it would have just been my husband the gate would probably have been put in the garbage because it is hard to put up . So before you buy be prepared for a difficult installation .
 I purchased this gate over a year ago for the top of the basement stairs . I love the way it looks and it matches the spindles on my stairway . It locks securely but I was disappointed with the hinges . Since I was installing this gate into solid oak I had to use drill bits and I broke two bits just trying to get the screws in - since the hinges are made to slip down one over the other it has to be precise as far as fit . The hinges alone took me many hours to install . Changing the width of the gate was not difficult though . I am very pleased with the end result .
 This is an excellent gate , it is a little pricey but it is built very strong . It has an excellent finish on it and works perfect .
 We 've had our Home Decor Gate up for over a month and have been happy overall . I installed it over a stairway and it was n't the easiest install . Figuring out the right width took a number of attemps -LRB- assembling then unassembling -RRB- . The instructions provided a formula which did n't work for me.After installation the product has worked well . Our 10 month old son loves to grab on the bars and stand . The gate has n't moved an inch . Construction is solid . I have n't had a problem with the hardware although the safty latch does confuse people . After working it a few times , most have caught on.We were fussy with the color and ended up reordering a number of times to get the right match . In most instances the color is much darker than the photo indicates . We ended up with `` Natural Oak '' which I would call `` Medium Oak ''
 This is just what we were looking for to keep our Golden Retriever out of the bedroom -LRB- where he ca n't seem to resist stealing slippers ! -RRB- Good looking , operates well.Pretty easy to install ... My non-standard door opening was right on the edge of the range for using or not using the doorway spacers provided , so I had to drill a couple of extra screw holes to get it to fit just right ... but that was no trouble at all .
 I like this gate . It swing easily . We have a lab and a weenier dog and this gate funtions well to keep them in the family room . If I had one complaint it would be how the hardware goes together . It has an gap between the two pieces to allow metal brackets . I think it would be stronger if the two wooden pieces were up against each other . Our lab is about 90 lbs and puts his front paws on it . It stands up to that so I 'm pleased.For childen this would be a perfect gate . Slats are close enough that even the weenier dog ca n't get her head through ! It is attractive also , unlike the metal or plastic kind that look like prison gates .
 This gate is not only good looking , but keeps little dogs out . It may be a little tricky for visitors to learn how to open . The installation was easy for my husband , but he is an engineer and is very good at putting things together . It may be tricky for the general public though .
 First off I use these gates to keep my dogs confined to certain areas of my house . I have had two installed for over 10 years and plan on installing a third . Appearance-wise , they look great and blend well with hardwood floors , stairs , etc. . My dogs are big and obnoxious and have rammed and leaned on the gates numerous times without causing any serious damage . The brackets have signs of cracking but there was a recall on those and the company provided replacements free , so no complaints there . I also had the release button break on one gate , but again the company sent me a replacement free in a couple days . My only complaint is that the hinge is plastic and that leads the gates to sag a bit over time , especially if you have them extended to a longer length . I wish the company offered a metal hinge upgrade . Installation is n't too bad once you figure out how wide to make the gate . I 've installed the hinges/brackets directly to the wall and also used the supplied wood spacers with no problems.These are pricey compared to the cheaper baby gates however the mounting is much more secure and the quality level higher . I would probably give it 4.5 for the plastic hinge , but otherwise highly recommended .
 This gate is a light oak color , fairly well finished -LRB- except the cheap screws , use your own -RRB- but strangely constructed . The two sections of the gate slide past one another to make it wider to fit a wide doorway ; but the two sections are separated by a gap just wide enough to get a finger stuck in . Enough directions , enough spare wood parts to mount on the wall , but eventually I took it down , cut the pieces with a saw and made it into two cafe-style gate halves . -LRB- Bought extra hinges at the hardware store . -RRB- Overall , better looking than the ordinary unfinished wooden gate and more funaitonal than the pressure-mounted gates .
 Great looking product , really cheap screws , do n't bother using them they will just break , use your own screws . Once your screws are good , great product .
 This gate was purchased to remind a stroke patient with dementia not to use the stairway . It looks lovely with our woodwork and generally disappears into the decor of the room . While designed to contain a child , the gate is working well to remind an elderly man what the boundaries are in his home .
 Works great once you get it up , directions are are wrong you have to figure it for yourself . But worth it for the finished look .
 I ordered this gate in Harvest Oak to match our wood floor and trim - I received Dark Auburn , which is too dark.I contacted Amazon for replacement , and they promptly cross-shipped a new one ... in Dark Auburn again.I contacted Amazon again and they issued a refund , stating there must be a problem with the item number and I would probably get the same product again if I ordered a replacement.I ordered the gate in Harvest Oak from another vendor and got Dark Auburn again . I contacted the vendor and they stated there are only 2 colors available , Natural Oak and Dark Auburn Oak - the representative could not explain why it was listed as Harvest Oak.I called Evenflo customer service and explained the ordeal . Harvest Oak has indeed been replaced with Dark Auburn . There are currently 2 colors available , Natural Oak and Dark Auburn Oak . Harvest Oak and Dark Auburn , however , are not the same color/shade . Dark Auburn is darker ... Evenflo stated that customers asked for a darker shade , thus the replacement . Resellers have not updated their sites to show Dark Auburn graphics/name . Needless to say , I have a Dark Auburn gate installed now . The gate itself is nice , but beware that Harvest Oak it is not .
 We purchased this gate to keep our dogs contained into one part of our house . We wanted something that , since it would be permanent , would not look so utilitarian . This gate is really aesthetically pleasing . We have wood floors and this gate blends in nicely so their 's not abrupt break in the line of view by a distasteful metal or plastic gate . However , as many other users found , the instructions for installing this gate were difficult . It took an entire day and two frustrated pairs of eyes to get installation completed . After about 8 hours on and off and few choice words , victory . The gate works as well as it looks for our needs . There is one thing that parents may be concerned about . I 'm not sure if this is supposed to happen , but we simply lift up on the gate and it swings free . For us it 's nice but this may be a design flaw . I would be concerned if my children were still little , especially if it were meant to gaurd stairs . For our needs though , it keeps our dogs in place much to their dissappointment ; especially our Italian Greyhound who 's favorite game is scaling fences meant to keep him in . He can not get enough of a grip on the smooth slats of this gate to climb it and it 's just high enough that he ca n't jump over it ... at least not yet .
 I recently moved so needed new dog gates . I had this type in the other house and liked it very much ... and so did the buyers , so i had to leave them ! Now I have them in this new house also ; these are the best . They look great with any decor and are very serviceable , easy to open .
 We searched long & hard for a wooden safety gate that matched our decor and was relatively inexpensive . This was perfect for us . We bought two , one for the bottom of our stairs , and another for the top . I ca n't comment on any part of the installation since my husband is a carpenter and obviously had no problems installing it . I can tell you that it looks beautiful , and it 's functional and easy to use with no problems so far -LRB- It 's been in use for over 9 months -RRB- . I really hate the look of the metal and plastic safety gates - I think it looks cheap & tacky . I do n't see why safety has to be ugly ! Everyone who comes over comments about how nice looking our safety gates are . They seem surprised that we bought them - many have commented that they look handcrafted . We are very happy with this purchase !
 We really like this gate not only it 's looks but functionality . A bit on the difficult side to install but worth it .
 Gate is perfect for our application . Instructions are poor for the average user . Had to drill the hanging hardware because it would not fit . Also had to add more holes for brackets to make application perfect . Gate has a little darker stain than picture , but that is what we wanted anyway . The gate has been installed over a month , and our group of six very intelligent two year old have yet to figure out how to open it . Very good latch design !
 Good gate . Everyone comments on how nice it looks with our decor . Took awhile to install but once up seems very sturdy . I struggle with the safety lock , but it should be fine once I get used to it .
 I love this gate ! I purchased the natural oak gate in 2007 to match our wood steps and the gate has definitely held up and served it 's purpose over these past years . We still have it up today and continue to use it . Our 3 yr son has yet to master opening the gate which works perfectly for us so that we can prevent him from going upstairs or downstairs without us knowing it . I 've even had adults ask for help in opening the gate . LOL . The gate has proven to be very stury and has withstood abuse from our preschooler -LRB- eg standing on the gate and trying to swing on it when opened -RRB- . We used the EZ adapter to install it and as I mentioned have never had a problem with this gate . If you 're looking for a safe gate for upstairs -LRB- or downstairs -RRB- with a nice decor , then you should consider purchasing this one .
 Good construction quality . I was skeptical of the lightweight plastic hinges but they work really well . Matches the existing wood pretty well . The two-action opening mechanism is pretty clever . It keeps the kid off the stairs and is n't all that annoying to open/close .
 Gate works well , not as easy to put together as I had hoped . I had to make some modifications . Shipped as promised .
 The gate itself looks and operates good , once you finally get it installed . There are several issues with the installation instructions to avoid . The screws sent with the gate are poor quality , do n't use them . The instructions also say to use an 1/8 '' drill bit . This pilot hole is too tight and will snap your screws off . I went to a 5/32 '' bit and had no problems . The shorter screws sent for fastening the gate brackets are not tipped . these would work if the factory drilled pilot holes on the gate lined up with the brackets -LRB- they do n't - they are offset a bit -RRB- . I used my own self tapping screws and had no problems . Lastly , as the gate panels off set , you need to make sure and offset the wall template towards the latch side , otherwise your gate will be installed at an angle -LRB- no mention of this on the instructions -RRB- .
 While I like the gate design and attractiveness I had difficulty installing it because the screws that were included kept breaking and no kindergartner could understand the instructions and illustrations . So my advise is to throw the screws out and purchase new ones . I wished I would have followed this advise that other reviewers had posted . But I thought I was smarter and a better carpenter . Boy was I wrong . Even with pre-drilled holes , the screws snapped off . The other thing I do n't like about it is the latch mechanism . While I know it is meant to be for the safety of children , it is extremely difficult for larger adult hands to open until you get the hang of it .
 My father and I installed this gate to replace a horrible plastic gate given to me by my mother-in-law . We had no trouble installing it , although it did take us a solid 1.5 hours . I recommend reading the instructions carefully ahead of time as they are not easy to just glance at and go . It is beautiful and very solid construction . I have no complaints or worries about the hardware provided , even though it 's plastic it does n't seem to be weak . We did not have any broken screws as several other reviewers mentioned -LRB- perhaps their screws were overtorqued or the pilot hole was incorrectly drilled -RRB- . I was concerned that this gate was recalled several years ago , but I 'm sure that all the issues have been resolved . I definitely recommend this gate because it is beautiful , solid , and easy to operated one handed . In fact , I 'm ordering a second one to replace another plastic gate in our home .
 This gate is wooden and looks nice with the wood trim of the doorway . I needed a gate to install above the floor level , to keep an adult out of a room . This gate opens totally , without leaving a support bar across the bottom , so it is one of the few that are suitable for using in the vertical middle of a doorway . Most pet gates have a support bar across the bottom of the gate so that would block the opening if the gate is used above the floor level .
 Bought this product over 4 years ago and have yet to have a problem with it . VERY durable my now 3 year old has climbed/swung/and bounced on it and still works great ! I was also gladly surprised that this year we decided to take it down -LRB- the kids are 3 and 5 and do n't need it anymore -RRB- and found how easy it was to take off and could leave the hinges and easily reattach when we have friends come over with smaller kids . Looking for a nice not cheap looking gate this would be the one !
 We have received many compliments on our baby gate and several have asked if it was custom made since it matches the dark wood in our house . It is very sturdy . It has been up for 2.5 years and still looks great and the latch still works like when it was new . Great product !
 high end material , finish , hardware , real oak . made slight assembly change with the two half 's , discarded the spacer slider clamps and screwed the two half 's together it looks great and is solid as a rock , buy it and you will be impressed . six month latter report , the gate is great , people who use it and see it really make good comments ,
 The gate matches our banisters perfect . High quality gate . Use your own screws to prevent frustration . The screws that come with the gate break easily .
 Looks great . Very well made . Bought it to keep our Huskies out of the bedrooms . One clap of thunder and that was the end of that . Lifted it right up with her nose . Will work well for most dogs . Just remember it 's closed when you walk down the hall at night with the lights off .
 I had read the on-line comments about the difficulty in assembling the gates . These comments were absolutely correct . The manufacturer should be ashamed of these dreadful instructions . I made it through by trial and error and generous use of a drill . -LRB- The oak is extremely hard wood , and I broke several drill bits . -RRB- Anyway , the parts are labeled/named poorly , the diagrams are hard to follow , and the wood spacers can be avoided if you properly place the spacer brackets . Good luck to future purchasers .
 We have one at the bottom of our stairs and needed another for the top of the stairs . The colors in the pictures are a bit off so at first I bought the dark one and it is very dark and had to return it . The lighter one is really a medium tone wood -LRB- not a whitewash as it appears in the picture -RRB- . A bit hard to mount if you do n't want to screw anything into a wooden banister . We use cable ties to attach the latch side to our wood banister and it works great and mounted the swing side into the wall and it works great and looks nice . We have dogs so we will always have a gate on the stairs even after we do n't need it for my children anymore . Looks like part of the house and like it was built for it . Worth a little extra for the nice wood .
 We 've had this gate for a couple of months now . We love it . It matches perfectly in our house and is very easy to open -LRB- I was n't sure about it when I bought it -RRB- . It was n't difficult to install either .
 Even our contractor was impressed with our gate , he asked
 Almost every time guests visit , they compliment our two gates . The color and style matches our light oak staircase perfectly . It came exactly as pictured . It 's true that it would have been nice if some of the hardware that came with the gate were of higher quality , but we were able to install it as is without much trouble . We 've had it for 10 months now and have n't had any problems . Now that we have another baby on the way , we wo n't be taking them down any time soon .
 We tried several gates before deciding on this one . This one was by far the best . It matches the woodwork in our home perfectly and we have received so many compliments that it looks like it is part of the home rather than just a clunky baby gate . Its easy to open - you just press in and slide the little tab up . Some of the other gates we tried you had to lift the entire gate up and out of the little notch . This one is much easier - you just slide the tab up . It is very sturdy and screws into the wall rather than pressure mounting . The only small downside is that the poles do n't necessarily line up depending on the size of your opening . Its not a huge deal but I think it looks better when the poles directly overlap - then it all looks like one piece as opposed to two pieces on top of each other . Would highly recommend .
 I have this dog gate in my home in NY and it looks more like a decorative entry to my kitchen then keep my dogs confined . It is made of sturdy wood and not too bad to install.They give you a template for lining up the closure . It can even keep my 4 lb chihuahua in . The coloring is beautiful and will match any decor . Worth the money and the durability and quality is excellent . I also purchased it for our home in FL and I am just so pleased with the item . My daughter has one at the top of the stairway to keep my grandchildren from doing a header down the stairs . Childproof and a nice wood accent . I recommend it for anyone that does n't like those white plastic baby gates or the ones that have the plastic netting . I got the Harvest Oak and color blends with everything .
 I have been traveling with my daughter since she was born and she is now 2 years old . We have used the vest , probably 8 or more times : When she was 6 months old my husband and I took a trip to Mexico and she was still nursing and on my lap . I felt great knowing that if we hit turbulance - she was attached to me.When she was 7 months she went to visit Grandma with me to Florida and once again - it worked great . Enough mobility so she could wiggle and nurse but safe enough for me to feel better.When she was a year - we were able to go to Maui and that was a long flight - once again we used it . And , we were never told by the flight crew to take it off during take off and landing although I understand you 're not suppose to use it during that time -LRB- only cruising -RRB- . The attendants seemed to think it was a great idea to have her buckled to me.Lastly , there are enough adjustments on the vest to get a good fit . It may not be the perfect solution but IF YOU HAVE YOUR CHILD/BABY ON YOUR LAP - I truly believe it 's better than nothing.I ordered both sizes from babyplayroom and it arrived quickly.Add On - I decided to add the sizing chart : Small - Infant/NewbornFits most children up to 6 months . Neck opening is not adjustable . SMALL fits child up to 40 lbs with head measuring less than 16 inches around.Large - ToddlerFits most children from 6 months to 2 years . Neck opening is not adjustable . LARGE fits child up to 40 lbs with head measuring from 16 to 20 inches around .
 I did n't worry about my baby slipping off my lap or flying out of my arms in case of turbulence . She was securely and comfortably strapped to my seat belt . We we both able to sleep most of the way . Lightweight enough to put in your diaper bag and wo n't overheat baby . There are two sizes , so be sure to get the right one for your child . -LRB- All the moms on the plane were asking me where to get one ! -RRB-
 this is one of those great things you wish you had bought long ago . Keeps my hands free to deal with my 4 yr old while keeping my 1 yr old safe . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 This is a great product but I just wish it was approved for take off and landing . It did give us peace of mind during a turbulent flight . The only con is the strap between the legs is short and restricted my daughter from burping the baby on her shoulder . Otherwise it was great while the baby nursed and slept . I will purchase the next size when needed and then use the CARES system when she 's older .
 Of course the product , but also customer service is great here !! They will respond to your question very quickly , and try to solve as much as they can ! I am very happy with them !
 This harness was easy to set up and kept our 4 year old -LRB- 30 lb -RRB- child safe on our recent flight . It was so much easier than a car seat on the plane . She could not open the chest strap to fool around or get in and out of her seat . She just sat securely for the flight ! A must have ! I know we will use it with both of our kids and will recommend it to others !
 The vest appeared to be well-made . I was able to have my baby tethered to me during take-off and landing as the flight attendants did n't say anything . My 7 month old 's head circumference was 16 3/4 in . I was concerned that the infant size would n't fit , but it did . I was very happy with the product . It was extremely well-priced for this single momma . Thank you for creating a product to protect my child and NOT putting some astronomical price on it !
 I was worried the small would be too small on my 4 month preemie . She was born 3 months early so technically she 's as small if not smaller than a 1 month old . I flew Hawaiian , and I asked the flight attendant for permission before I put it on her . The flight attendant had never seen one . She asked how it worked and I demonstrated . She said : `` well since the baby is not strapped to anything and she can be misplaced from your arms should anything happen , then yea I do n't see why you should n't use it '' Perfect ! She did well I had her strapped in the whole 5 hours take off to landing . No complaints , it fit perfect . I will be using it again if it still fits her , and if it does n't I will buy another to fit .
 I loved the peace of mind this product gave me while flying with my baby on my lap . It seems senseless to me that the FAA has not approved it for takeoff and landing!Though it 's designed to face the baby outward , I 'd like the option of have the baby facing inward during the flight too . My work-around solution was to put the vest on backwards when I wanted to change the direction the child faced.It 's easy and intuitive to use !
 My baby did n't enjoy a dark room to sleep in . This night light was the perfect remedy to my baby 's night time fear .
 Really like these shells . They are great for when you want to apply cream to your nipples and not have the fabric of your bra or shirt rub the cream off . I also tried the Ameda DuoShell and did n't care for those .
 I have a new baby brother , Danny . He was born about three months ago . My mom wanted to breats-feed him because breast-feeding is healthier and is gaining in popularity . However , each time she gave my brother a feeding , I was very happy to help her , but some formula was dribbly and it had leaked on the carpet many times . Later , a friend of ours sent us a present . It was these Avent breastshells because our friend knew that we have a new baby and my mom was breast-feeding and that feedings had caused leaks . Mom tried it and no milk has dropped in weeks . I am so happy to help with my baby brother .
 I ordered these because of leaking issues . They come in handy when breastfeeding or pumping and you can `` catch '' all the drops of milk specially if you have supply issues . They are comfortable to wear around the house but not for outside wearing . They serve the purpose they were created to do .
 These definitely keep my sore nipples from chafing or sticking to my bra . They look funny thru my shirt , kinda like a pointy Madonna bra , but who cares when you 're in agony from cracked nipples ? My only complaint is that I wish I could wear them all the time . The directions say to not wear longer than 40 minutes at a time since they put pressure on your milk ducts . But , I 'll take whatever relief I can get !
 These are the best inventions for breastfeeding moms!When I first started breastfeeding , milk would leak like crazy on the other side I always thought it would have been nice if someone design something to catch the leak so the milk does n't go to waste . Then I found these and they work amazingly ! I remember I was able to save 1 oz of milk during 1 feeding session.When I am engorged in pain at night , say 4am , and my baby did n't wake up to feed , I no longer have to go wide awake and wonder if I should get up and pump . -LRB- and that is not an easy decision because I 'd hear my baby cry every time AFTER I finished pumping ! -RRB- Nowadays I would get up and put these shells in and go back to sleep . Milk would leak out from my nipples and give me some relieve so I can continue to sleep . The only problem is because the plastic does n't mold perfectly over your breasts , milk would sometimes leak out on the edges/sides instead of letting the cup catch it . I 'd try to lay in a position that milk wo n't leak out on the edges . But even if it leaks , these are still lifesaver because at least I wo n't be in pain anymore and am able to get some rest until my baby cries.I wish I knew about these when I was still pregnant - I dealt with crazy engorgement pain when my milk first came in . I was crying when calling the lactation hotlines . Back then I was in so much pain and was so sleep deprived that I could not process any advice . I wonder what it would have been like if I had these shells back then!Overall I highly recommend this product !
 I dealt with engorgement when my milk came in after the birth of my first child . These breast shells were my saving grace and helped me deal with the pain of sore nipples and even slightly helped with easing the engorgement issue as well . While they are not overly comfortable -LRB- they are plastic -RRB- , they offer relief and I have continued to use them through breast feeding and the inevitable sore nipples that resurface at times .
 These shells really helped me to reduce the soreness related to breastfeeding and contain the milk released during pumping or breastfeeding . I have not had any issues and they are very discrete .
 A very good investment . I love the fact that I am not wasting the milk in between feeds -LRB- and it 's amazing to see how much of it you can save -RRB- ! The shells helped tremendously with the inverted nipple I have . It also protects the tip of the nipple - if damaged.Can ' t find enough words to thank the person that invented these ! Really smart ! Also , the quality in Avent products are incomparable . I have tried other products and everything I have at home -LRB- pump , bottles , bottle warmer , shells , pacifiers etc -RRB- are now Avent ! Thank you guys!Andreea
 these are the best breast shells on the market - they can hold about 2 oz on each side . They come with both the ventilated cups and the nonventilated ones . I use the ones without the holes to prevent bending over and milk spilling . They are great for wearing around the house .
 This is one of the best breastfeeding products I have ever tried . Especially usefull for the first few weeks . They keep clothing off of sensitive nipples , which makes things much more comfortable . They also allowed me to collect several ounces of breastmilk at each feeding to freeze for later . that liquid gold would have gone to waste otherwise !! I have told all of my pregnant friends to get them and will be recommending them to everyone who will listen . more than worth the money !
 I wish I 'd had this with my first child ! I use them to collect the leaking milk while I am breastfeeding , usually close to 2oz . Do n't get me wrong they do leak milk all over if I leak too much but they are comfortable & easy to use & clean . Much better than holding a cup/bottle to catch the extra milk - MUCH more descrete & less laundry than all the nursing pads I would be using . These make it very easy for me to put milk away for future use .
 Summary
 These shells work really well in early breastfeeding to occasionally protect sore nipples . They also work for increasing milk supply throughout the day without added pumping . I use them to collect milk on the opposite side during my nightly feedings , and have stored up a lot of milk that way . The only reason they got 4 stars is because they are kind of hard and sometimes feel kind of obvious under certain clothing .
 When I started breastfeeding besides the pain it was the leaking which I could n't control . I remember I would hold a bottle to collect the milk , till one day I dropped it all on the floor . So I stopped doing that . One day I went to Babies R Us and saw the Avent shells , I bought it no questions asked and I was so happy that I wished someone had told me about this great product . It 's great while nursing and pumping . This product saved me on disposable pads . I have been using it for 4 months and till this day I 'm ca n't be without it . One suggestion make sure you tightly secure the shell and check to make sure you do n't fill the shell .
 I have purchased these breast shields twice , they are that good ! the only reason i have it 4 of 5 starts is the cups with the ventilation holes , i tend to forget that when there is milk in the cup , i ca n't bend over , there by spilling milk in my bra and shirt . not a biggie , so just know that these shields will save your nipples from soreness and cracking !
 This is very useful for collecting milk on other breast while breastfeeding . Comfortable and used all the time . Good product .
 the shells can be used to collect breastmilk prior to feeding your child . This lets you collect milk for future use and does n't waste it .
 I use these in the morning with the first feeding because I leak on whatever side my daughter is not nursing from . I use them more so the milk does n't go to waste than to protect my clothing . If I used them for protection of clothing or for sore nipples I would not have rated them as high as I did . First , they are not made for really large breasts . They set nicely over the nipple , but certainly do not cover much more than the areola area . If I were to wear these out , my breasts would look like large mushrooms . They are nice in the privacy of my own home , though . The shell that fits on the breast is comfortable . It is easy to clean and soft . I would recommend these for the use of collecting leaking milk while pumping and feeding only . I would not recommend these to wear out when you are going to miss a feeding and know you will leak . Wear disposable pads . Also , I would n't recommend them for the sore nipple problem either if you are large breasted .
 With three and five year old children at home , I found it difficult to let my breasts air out for any period of time . Worn inside my bra , the ventilated breast shells allowed me to keep my nipples dry and expedited the healing process . Now that I am back to work full time and breastfeeding exclusively , the milk savers have been a tremendous help . I place one on the opposite breast that I am pumping and it collects the milk that leaks out - usually about an ounce or two . The milk that is collected allows me to cut dowm on my pumping time - and prevents any leakage through the breast pad . I highly recommend this product along with the entite Avent line to all mothers .
 When I started breastfeeding besides the pain it was the leaking which I could n't control . I remember I would hold a bottle to collect the milk , till one day I dropped it all on the floor . So I stopped doing that . One day I went to Babies R Us and saw the Avent shells , I bought it no questions asked and I was so happy that I wished someone had told me about this great product . It 's great while I 'm nursing and pumping . This product saved me on disposable pads . I have been using it for 4 months and till this day I 'm ca n't be without it . One suggestion make sure you tightly secure the shell and depending how much you leak check so shell wo n't get full .
 I put this item on my registry based on reviews from other nursing moms . I did n't know if I would need them as this is my first time being a mom and of course , new to nursing , so I registered for them `` just in case '' . Thankfully my friend bought them for me and at the beginning of the first week my nipples were extremely sore and developing scabs . A lactation consultant recommended exposing my nipples to air as one way to heal them , so I opened the package and my nipples were aired and protected from my bra and clothes rubbing against them.I wore these literally all day and began pumping . In about a week I was healed ! I also noticed that as I wore them it collected milk as I fed my baby or during my sleep , and it never leaked ! They are super easy to clean and easy to pour the milk into bottles . I would recommend these breastshells to any mother who is considering nursing . If anything have them on the shelf `` just in case '' you may need some relief like I did.My son is now 28 months old and I 'm expecting baby # 2 . I only used the breastshells the first few weeks with my son -LRB- until my body began to regulate milk production -RRB- , but I 'm glad I had them . I just fished them out of storage and plan to have the ready for the first few weeks with my daughter . The silicone has n't deteriorated at all , so after washing , they seem brand new . I have since bought 2 sets for my friends who planned to breastfeed as a part of their baby shower gift , and I recommend them to any woman who is nursing a newborn . Good luck and I hope this helps !
 These breastshells helped me during pregnancy and post . During pregnancy they helped draw out my flat , and what I know now as small nipples . Post-pregnancy they helped relieve engorgement because they exert a small amount of pressure on the areola . This helped my baby latch on better b/c the breast was n't soooo full . -LRB- I have a lot of milk -RRB- . The shells catch milk really well , and if they are sterile you can even save the milk.The other great thing about these breastshells is that they prevent sore nipples from rubbing on your bra . I 'd put a little lansinoh on my nipples , then the breastshells , then the bra . Just felt better . Only precaution
 If you 're like me and have large breasts and overactive letdown , the shells can be used to collect breastmilk prior to feeding your child . Then your breasts are n't as `` full '' -LRB- helps relieve pressure -RRB- so your baby does n't gag and choke and get sprayed from all the pressure when your breasts are overfilled . Also , while you 're feeding on one breast , wear the shield on the other . This lets you collect milk for future use and does n't waste it .
 They look awful but if you have sore cracked nipples or inverted nipples they are the only thing that will really fix what 's wrong . The good news is if you use breast shells when you need them for the above mentioned maladies - you wo n't have to use them for long because you will heal after just a few days even if you wear them part time . They come with little curved white sponges that you just drop in the bottom of the shell . These sponges absorb the milk that leaks so that you do n't have to worry about it comming out of the vent holes at the top when you bend over . I just would rinse them with soap and water to clean and let air dry I think each breast shell set come with four sponges and you can buy more if you need them but 4 was enough for me . NOTE
 Initially , I purchased the Avent breast pads , thinking they would suffice . However , I found them to be itchy against my already irritated breasts . These breastshells were the answer !!! Not only do they catch all that embarassing leaking milk , but they soothe away irritation !
 I love these breast shells ! I use them whenever I breast feed my daughter or on the opposite breast while I pump . It catches all of the leaking milk , sometimes . Once in a while , I do n't know if it 's the shape of my breast or if the shell is too full , but I 've had some milk leak and soak the bottom of my breast pads . Other than that , this is a great product !
 I use these every time I nurse . They help ease pressure from engorgement and help build milk storage . I nurse on one side and place a cup on the other to protect from leaks . Great product ! I am so glad I found them .
 They actually work better than I thought , but do n't plan on going anywhere with them -LRB- because they make you look absolutely huge -RRB- , and sleeping with them does n't really work either . They have to be emptied often or else the milk gets all over the place .
 It has 2 main uses :1 -RRB- great for sore nipples . You can use it for a couple of hours to improve healing2 -RRB- When i breastfeed my baby i use it in the breast that is not in `` use '' . By the time my son finish with the other breast it has collected a lot of milk !!
 I was wasting so so many breastpads and milk that I could have been collecting for months ! I could n't live without these and will tell every nursing mother I know about them !
 First , I have to give anyone who breatfeed a good for you , it 's the best thing for baby . Second , I love this item , I do n't feel bad that my malk is going to waste . I pump extra so my husband can feed the baby bottle when he get 's home from work and to make extra malk . Not only do I love this item but all the Avent items are great .
 These worked all right for me . I bought these to collect milk as an alternative to using a bottle when I fed my son at night . I can not use these on my one side because I leak more on that side and the shells would be too full and milk would start to overflow . Then , when I would go to take it out of my bra milk would spill out since they were so full . Also , If you do n't sit up straight they will also leak milk . So , I have now gone back to using a bottle to collect excess milk .
 I ordered these for my daughter . She had very raw nipples -- could n't stand even fabric on them . She has/had Yeast -LRB- Candida -RRB- infection and they were so painful she was in tears for days . These shields were a life saver . Others have complained that they do n't look great or that they leak and she has n't had this problem . I guess it depends on why you want them . But if you are in pain and need to air out your nipples and keep moisture and friction away these are great . She could n't say enough good about them.So I ca n't even hesitate to recommend them if you are having serious pain issues these are Definitely worth a try .
 I found them very comfotable for my sore nipples . They also collect leaking milk ... but do n't bend over as they will spill all over your feet -LRB- my first try -RRB- . Other than this and having to wear a loose shirt to hide them , I will use them everyday instead of pads that get wet and irritate my nipples .
 This is one of my favorite breastfeeding items ever.Pros : - I use these in place of nursing pads which saves me lots of money . One box of pads costs about the same as these shells . I have been breastfeeding for 3 weeks using these and only used pads twice -LRB- since I was wearing a tighter shirt -RRB- . - The soft flexible back of the shell makes it pretty comfortable to wear . - The shell keeps your nipple from touching anything , unlike a pad - which is way more comfortable if you have nipple pain ! - I wear one on the side I am not nursing from and milk collects in it - I can then add it to my fridge collection.Cons : - They can look odd if you wear them with tighter clothing . If you have a padded bra , you might be able to get away with wearing them though . - The cover with the holes at the top is pretty useless - you wo n't get much airflow because your bra holds them in place anyway , and if you use it to collect milk you will probably spill it through the holes . - If you use lanolin if will get all gooey on the back of the breast shell . This is to be expected though . You can get it off by washing in warm , soapy water .
 This has got to be one of my best investments having a new baby . Being a first time mom I was n't sure what exactly to expect and there really is no way of knowing what is to come . When my milk came in I was so engorged . Nothing helped like they said it would so I put on the shells in a last effort for relief.Hallelujah !! I did n't realize the shells applied just enough pressure to release some of the milk and collect it . I was so happy to not have to wear pads that get wet and nasty against your skin and the money saved there was great . I do wear pads when going out in public as the shells are not the most flattering things . The shells collect the milk and it can be saved for your back up stash . In the beginning while your nipples are toughening up for prolonged `` attention '' the shells protect them from being touched or rubbing on clothing . Only negatives I have found is that you need to clean them often and that especially at night when they fill up , if you roll over on side the milk will come out of the vent holes and soak you . Or upon waking you bend down for something the milk comes out the holes . I truly love this product and have recommended it to friends . I have bought some for a friend who is due in a month also . Not your typical baby shower gift but one that will be appreciated for a long time . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 I tried the washable nursing pads . They always leaked through or moved off the nipple to allow milk to get on my shirt -LRB- embarrassing ! -RRB- I tried the O-Cal cups and when I bent over -LRB- which one tends to do with an infant -RRB- , the milk leaked through the air hole . These Avent cups have the option to either have the vents or not . I always wear the `` not '' as they do n't leak when I bend over . They still have that Madonna-esque cone-shape look , and may be cause for an up-sized bra , but they 're comfortable with the rubber backing -LRB- like reverse of what 's on the Avent pump -RRB- and they keep my shirt dry !
 i was not fully awake -LRB- caring for a newborn and all -RRB- when i ordered these and thought i was ordering extra breast cushions for my pump -LRB- which would be nice -RRB- so clearly i did not read carefully and was surprised by what i got . However , i am thrilled because i also was looking for something like this -LRB- a different name was recommended -RRB- and these work great . when i pump or nurse i leak on the other side . When nursing i would soak myself and my daughter and pumping was not much better , at least my little girl would n't be soaked . :--RRB- using these i typically catch an ounce in them which is worth so much to me . my daughter does n't seem to notice that she is n't getting soaked , she did n't seem to care before but i sure did.i 'm so happy with them that i came back to order an extra set for my emergency pump kit for the car.i do enjoy saying its my best accidental purchase so far :--RRB- - Traci -LRB- using shared hubbys account -RRB-
 They worked great in getting me ready for my little one and since this was my first baby I can say it was worth giving them a shot and I 'm grateful I did !
 Good Product . As expected . No compains . If you compare prices and is the best , there is no hold back to it .
 These things work for women who are nursing or planning to nurse . Without going into detail , not everyone is the perfect shape for nursing . These help over time to adjust that problem . They can be worn during pregnancy too so that nursing goes easier at the start .
 maybe it 's because I dont have a long torso but I found this product much more comfortable than the milk saver . Unless breast milk is flowing abundantly , the Avent Breast shells is much more reasonable and cheaper to boot
 I 've only had this product for two days but so far I LOVE it ! I exclusively pump for my little guy and it is torture on my nipples . Putting these on right after I pump allows some room for my nipples to relax and heal . I ca n't wear them for very long , though , because I do n't want to leak milk . So far , so good and the price is right .
 This is one of the essential products for every mom . I used it only for 1 month though , during the time my nipples were sore.It was a sanity saver .
 Within the first 10 minutes of having these on they collected half an ounce of breast milk . No more wet shirt and now I have additional breast milk to feed my baby/store . They are very obvious under my shirt so I would n't wear the in public , but they are perfect for around the house . They are very comfortable !
 The nurse recommended these at the hospital and I sent my husband immediately to Target to buy me those . After 2 days of nursing I started to get really sore and it was painful to put the bra on . At first it was very strange to place these cup inside the bra , but I felt an immediate relief . I did not get an infection and no cracks . Very easy to use and to clean . I think this is a must have especially at the beginning .
 i use them mostly at during night feeding . It hold about an ounce before it filled up to the nipple , could easily hold more you just need to make sure you are bent over before removing it .
 For my first breastfed baby these were my salvation . It helped relieve soreness while breast is in bra . It keeps the sore nipple suspended in midair and off of rubbing on your bra . It also helps the nipple stick out a little , which I found made attachment -LRB- of baby 's mouth to nipple -RRB- easier as a first time breast-feeder . You do need to check the shield now and then to dump out any milk -LRB- or some may save it -RRB- . The only way I see a product could improve in that area , would be to have a bottle size attachment to your boob and whom of us would really want to walk around with that?There are holes in the top of the shield to allow air circulation . For me esp . at night I would put a nursing pad over the holes so that it would help soak up any leakage . But by FAR this product is worth it.I 'm due soon with baby # 2 and am back to buy more . I gave mine to a mom friend who was ready to give up breastfeeding her very hungry son who ate all the time and her breasts were unbearably sore . She swears these shields are the reason she did n't have to give up and is extremely grateful.Definitely worth the try !
 When I started breastfeeding besides the pain it was the leaking which I could n't control . I remember I would hold a bottle to collect the milk , till one day I dropped it all on the floor . So I stopped doing that . One day I went to Babies R Us and saw the Avent shells , I bought it no questions asked and I was so happy that I wished someone had told me about this great product . It 's great while nursing and pumping . This product saved me on disposable pads . I have been using it for 4 months and till this day I 'm ca n't be without it . One suggestion make sure you tightly secure the shell and check to make sure you do n't fill the shell .
 I used these breast shells years ago when I had my daughter . Before I bought them , I drenched every outfit both of us wore at each feeding . My ` opposite ' breast leaked right through all the breast pads and all over our clothes . The breast cup proved to be a lifesaver . It collected all that milk that came from the other breast and because I sterilized the breast cups , I was able to save the milk for a later feeding by Daddy . I am expecting again and just purchased this set . It was a ` must have ' .
 These breastshells are wonderful . They helped me continue to breastfeed as they eased sore and cracked nipples . And I love being able to save the breastmilk that leaks out for use later . Great job , Avent !
 Ever since I started using the Medela double pump , I 've had a significant amount of leakage from one breast when I 'm nursing the baby on the other one . I bought these to solve the problem , which they DID , but there 's an even better benefit ... I 'm storing up extra milk with absolutely no effort !! Each feeding I collect between 1/3 and 1/2 an ounce of milk -LRB- I have a newborn that still eats small frequent amts -RRB- . Keep pouring them together in the fridge , and by the end of the day you have an extra bottle of milk to store -- no extra pumping required!This has been a lifesaver for me as a SAHM to three little ones , as I really do n't have TIME to pump , but need the occasional stored bottle for when I leave baby with Daddy for a few hours .
 These were a huge help getting started on my first baby . I bought them on a whim and boy was a glad . They help get my milk started because they apply a light pressure which also helps extent the nipple . They keep things -LRB- such as a bra -RRB- from rubbing against very very sore nipples . Another great feature is the air vents at the top of the cups . They are there to get air to nipple , -LRB- you do n't want them getting dried out , that just makes the pain of feeding much worse -RRB- . Determined breastfeeding mom 's these are fantastic until your milk supply comes in at a steady pace.They do not look flattering under a TIGHT fitting shirt -LRB- loose is always best anyways -RRB- but what does when you are breastfeeding for the first few months as things are adjusting . I felt that they looked better that two huge wet spots from leakage .
 I use this gate everyday for my German Shepard - works very well and is very sturdy . For $ 15 bucks shipped you ca n't do any better !
 But it works . You can get a very tight fit in your doorways and my son has yet to be able to dislodge it . I think a lot of the reviews about the gate not being secure may be people using the gate incorrectly . Once I lock the bars down it does n't budge.It is relatively easy to use . The bar has a memory feature -- a metal piece on it that locks into a groove to ` remember ' the size of your doorway . It is indeed kind of difficult to push the metal piece out of the groove once it 's in there . Meaning this gate is not going to be easy to use if you want to tote it from room to room and use it with a bunch of different sized doorways . But if it 's staying in one location it 's great . For instance mine stays in my kitchen doorway , which we use often . It 's very easy for me to take the gate down and set aside when we have company or when the baby is sleeping so that we can easily access the kitchen . It 's also very easy for me to grab and reinstall whenever the baby wakes up from his nap . I 'd say one handed take down and we have high trim on the floor so it 's two handed install . One hand to hold it above the trim and one hand to push the bar down.It is definitely an odd design but at the time I bought it I got 2 and still paid half the price of other safety gates . It serves it 's purpose and you really ca n't beat it for the price.But it 's definitely ugly .
 good to use , easy to use , no complaints . The rest of this message is to fill in the 20 character requirement , sorry .
 We got the gate to block the foot of our stairs for times when our 2-year-old grandson was visiting . We wanted a removable gate that did not need to be bolted into the wall . However , this gate only expands to a maximum width of 40 '' -41 '' and our staircase is wider than that so I had to return it . It would be nice for a standard-size doorway , though .
 This gate is functional and works like its supposed to . I like that it does n't damage the paint in the doorway at all when you use it . The only complaint I have about it , is that it does n't retract very easily . When you lift the latch , you have to put a lil effort into pulling it to retract it so you can take it out of the doorway . Other than that , I like it . works perfectly to gate my dogs into the room when I leave the house .
 I wanted an inexpensive and no frills gate since we needed a few of them . It 's definitely sturdy - just a little bit of a pain for stepping over or removing and repositioning every time . I would not recommend it for people with baseboard molding , since it then needs to be placed above the molding and leaves a gap -LRB- not to mention , 7 inches to our high jump -RRB- . Also - the shipping costs as much as the product .
 Great gate ! Love that it remembers size it needs to be . Easy to put up and take down . Great value !
 I 've read reviews about people saying that the `` memory '' feature is n't working , or that pushing down on the plastic undoes the metal from the memory notches.If you have the metal secured in the notch and you press down and and the metal pops up , it 's more likely that you have your gate set up too tightly , so the metal is popping out from stress on the gate . Of course , it could be your individual gate . If you do n't feel the metal is hard to push into one of those notches , that maybe the gate should be replaced.On my gate it was incredibly difficult to put the metal into the notches , which is why my memory feature works great . I pull up on the plastic , it loosens , and I can remove the gate . The metal bar stays in the notch though , so all I have to do is replace it in the same opening , push down on the plastic , and it tightens up again . Easy enough that I can do it while carrying my son if he is asleep.Like I said in the title , the pressure mount for the bottom of the gate is above our baseboard moulding , which is something I was concerned about . This means that I can use this gate in any opening in my house safely . The only issue I had was that the gate is almost too small for our stairway -LRB- and I did not think that it was a large opening to start with -RRB- . I had to put it on the very last notch for it to fit snugly in the stairway , but I suppose that is the largest opening I would need to use it for .
 need this gate for dogs when we were painting rooms and it is a vary strong gate just love it ...
 My wife and I have two permanent gates at the top and bottom of the stairs in our house , but we needed a gate for when we travel , so I saw this one , noticed it had some good reviews and a great price , and bought it . We 've been extremely pleased with it . Now , obviously it 's not made of titanium for this price , but it works perfectly.If you 're like me and do n't read instructions except when absolutely necessary , here 's a little tip
 We bought three and are very pleased . No , these are not a design statement , but neither are the wood versions at or near this price point . They use the same lever bar principle , but the notches are a little more closely spaced than the wood gate we have , which makes for a easier/better fit in the door frame . These are also much more rugged and appear will be durable . These are only 23 '' tall which is great for our Pomeranian and can easily be stepped over ; a mid-sized dog or a jumper , or an older baby - not sure if this is tall enough.The `` memory '' feature does actually work , as long as you do n't put so much pressure on the lever bar such that it bows . The notches allow the metal locking pin to snap into the notch . It does take a bit of force though to push the pin out of the notch once it 's in there . But releasing , removing , and replacing the gate in the same opening is a snap . That said , I do n't know that I would want to be having to repeatedly change the gate from one location to another because it does require some effort to pull the two panels apart.And of course , a great price . Very good value .
 This gate is wonderful , after struggling with the wooden gates , 3 which we have broken and my dog would keep knocking down , finally we got a great sturdy one . I was a bit nervous because the price was so good and a review I read was bad about it , but my experience has been wonderful . Also the shipping was so fast . I ordered a bunch of stuff from Amazon and this came in 2 days ! To Hawaii ! I got free shipping with all my purchases and this shipped separately it probably cost more to ship than the actual gate .
 This gate works perfect for the money paid . One little minus is that it 's sometimes easier to step over with an infant rather than re-installing it . But overall like this gate .
 The gate was a little stiff when trying to bend it into shape . We use it to gaurd our treadmill from little baby fingers . It is perfect for what we are using it for .
 I purchased this item , to keep my grand-daughter out of the kitchen area . At first it was a little hard to figure out how to adjust it , but once I did , it worked great . Once adjusted to the door size , it stays in place real good and my three grand-kids that are less than 24 months old and older than one year ca n't get thru . And when they are not around , the gate comes easily off and the adjustment can stay adjusted to the door size . excellent bang for the buck ... it cost me less than 15 bucks to solve the kids in the kitchen cabinet dilemma !
 This gate is just what we were looking for ! It is heavy duty but I like that . It stays put even when my one year old is pulling on it . Great price for a great product .
 I have twins that love to be in the kitchen when I 'm cooking and it was getting annoying because I was always tripping over babies and was always worried that they would get hurt . So we got these gates and it worked for a little while , until they stood up on them . After about two or three times of the gates falling down we just decided to not use them . Then a friend of mine came over and asked me why I was n't using the gate and I told her that they would n't stay up . Some how she fixed it and now her daughter and my two daughters all stand up on them and it has n't fell down since . Even though I read the directions two or three times I could do what she did .
 This gate is really well made for its low price and easy to attach and remove . However , my miniature poodle managed to jump over it although the gate is twice as her height . I 'm returning it but I would recommend it to people who will use it for human babies .
 It 's not a cadillac gate . But it works great for pets and the price ca n't be beat . Does not require permanent install into the walls and the rubber stoppers do not cause any damage to the walls when used . Highly recommend for basic pet use . Ca n't speak to effectiveness for child use , as I have none . But seems sturdy enough for downstairs use .
 These gates are not nearly as ugly as described in previous reviews . From where I stand , there are n't any good looking gates out there anyway . So suck it up and put these babies in place when you need to keep your little ones safe .
 Nice and lightweight but just as sturdy as the $ 40 models.I like that is is all plastic . No wood parts that soak up stains , splinter or attract dogs that like to chew on everything . If it gets dirty just hose it off.The gates are low enough for most people to step over while containing pets and kids.It comes with instructions but the gate is intuitive enough to figure out without them.You really ca n't beat the value for the price.Hint
 We used this for our 30 lb puppy and he ca n't knock it down - yet . And he leans on it and puts his paws up on top of it too . It bows slightly when it 's very snug , but holds very well . And , so far , has left no marks on the walls .
 Having owned pets for the past 20 years , we 've owned various gates like this . None of them are great , really , so I compare this one to all I 've tried . It works well . It 's not too heavy . It 's not flimsy , and if you read the directions , you can see how to lock it securely in place . Best of all , it 's the lowest price I 've paid for a gate ever . It arrived with a crack on the plastic rim , but not in a critical part of where it functions , so I 'm not going to return it . If you 're considering a gate like this , you wo n't find a better price than here . I say go for it .
 Just what I needed . I just wanted and inexpensive gate to block the door access to my basement for my kids and this was perfect . I do n't need a door since I hardly ever go down there but I can easily walk over it if need be . Great price .
 Works really well , a good height for stepping over if you are an adult . lightweight but sturdy . definitely recommend ! For the price you ca n't beat it !
 My wife and I bought two of these to keep our 15-month old son from going through either of the entrances to the back of our apartment . They took a bit of effort to get into our doorways , but now that we understand how to do it , it 's pretty simple . They do n't stay in place very well , especially if you accidentally kick it or if your kid is determined to get through.For those of you who plan on stepping over this gate regularly , be sure to do so with care or wear socks/shoes/something to protect your feet . Both of my feet already have scars from having chunks of skin cut off while hopping over them . You never realize just how useful your toes are until they 're injured !! All in all , it does the job well enough for our needs , but if you need something that 's sturdy , this might not be the best option .
 I bought two of these to keep puppy in the kitchen . These gates require no drilling , are easy to put up and down . I am very satisfied with this product . For the inexpensive price they are great .
 Very sturdy well made gates . . We have four of them blocking off areas that are not child proofed and they keep my daughter out well . It 's easier to just step over them than to move them every time to enter one of the rooms but they are pretty easy to move and put back
 I bought this product to use for my small dog . I actually had to buy two because he quickly learned how to jump over just one . Stacking two up worked perfectly for keeping him confined to the kitchen while I was not around . Overall , I think this is a good , sturdy product at an excellent price , and I would definitely recommend it .
 I ordered 2 of these gates and I am using one at my home and one at my son 's apt . We are very happy with this gate since it does n't mark the walls and is very secure . It is a great product and pretty easy to use .
 For the price I was actually not expecting anything good . We were just hoping for it to be good enough to stop the baby from climbing up the stairs . I was positively surprised at how good it actually works . It surely is not pretty but it does what it 's supposed to do for a low price.The only thing difficult is getting it set up for the first time . I had to use one foot to keep it pushed against the wall while pulling with both hands to spread it between the walls in the stairwell . Definitely nothing you could do with a baby in your arms.But once it 's set up it is easy to operate with only one hand . The memory funktion keeps it in the same position and the gate does n't have to be readjusted each time.I also love how good it stays in place . No matter how hard my son is pulling and pushing on it - IT DOES N'T MOVE AT ALL . Definitely safe and easy to use at a top price . Just not very pretty to look at but what does that matter ?!
 I have a smalll -LRB- 8lb -RRB- terrier puppy . I purchased this gate to prevent her access to the rest of the home via the hallway . I was never able to find a sweet spot in height where her slender body could n't either slide under the gate or jump right over it . Unfortunately I had to stop using it . I realize it 's a catch-22 whereby making the gate taller -LRB- preventing jumpy animals from hopping over -RRB- also makes it more difficult for us humans to navigate over it.This gate would be more than adequate for most dogs who do n't leap as much . The gate is well constructed and the portions to press against the walls are rubberized to prevent damage which is great .
 We have been on a hunt for a durable gate to keep our new puppy safe from darting up the stairs . This is perfect . He can not squeeze through any slots and we can easily step over it . We were using a noisy gate that had a swinging door before . It was difficult to use and impractical . I am so happy with this gate and the price , I 've order 2 more to use throughout the house .
 May not be the easiest to use . But if you do n't mind stepping over the gate , once its set in place , then for the price , this gate ca n't be beat .
 I bought this gate not thinking it would hold up long . I needed a gate for my deck for several reasons . One , if my toddler was to get outside and not to fall down the deck . Also , I have feral cats I feed and like them to feel safe on the deck . And last , there are a lot of dogs in my neighborhood that if there is no gate placed up , they will come right up to my patio door , they are aggressive too . I previously had a wooden gate but with it being exposed to the elements , it did not last long and warped . I did not think this gate would last long but so far I am very impressed . I measured the opening to the stairs of the deck and it was 41 even . I was scared this gate would not fit but it did . It seems to hold really well too . It has been exposed to heavy wind , wildlife trying to get around it , and it also had a feral cat sleeping on it , it seems to have great support . I like that it is plastic and will not matter if it gets wet . I need something simple and cheap . This exceeded my expectations and was very easy to put up . I also want to note I live in a not so great neighborhood so did not want to spend too much if the gate was stolen . For what I am using it for , I am very impressed ! Would and will buy again if needed .
 Some reviewers have commented on this being difficult to unlock . I agree ... somewhat . Yes , you could hurt your hand -LRB- s -RRB- if you 're not careful . I have n't had this happen to me yet , but you certainly CAN scrape , pinch or even cut your knuckles or fingers if your not careful . Releasing the metal U-shaped rod after it 's snugly seated in the locked position on one of the many teeth of the opposing bar can cause some injuries , pain and/or many curse words!Here 's the problem in detail , and why I 'm knocking off one star
 This gate is very handy and does everything it needs to . I do n't have kids , but I do have a lab , and it keeps her in the house
 Arrived on time and works as stated . I would recommend this gate for kids and pets.They hate it but I like it !
 As others have said it is a bit difficult to install . However , we have tried other gates that were far more problematic.It 's not pretty , but what do you want from a baby gate?It IS sturdy . We bought it to keep our FIVE pit bulls out of the living room . They have bashed at it and it still remained standing .
 I bought this gate to protect my elderly dog . I used it on an outside door to prevent her from going down the stairs . It worked just great . I came back today for 2 more . The gate is made of strong plastic , is easy to install and easy to open and close . The locking mechanism is very simple and works well to keep the gate secure . I would have no problems recommending it for use with children .
 We used this as a `` dog gate '' , to keep my dog out of certain areas of the house . It has worked well ! It is easy to use , and sturdy enough that my dog has not been able to knock it down upon attempt . Also , it is not too tall , so I can step over the gate without needing to unlatch and latch the gate every time .
 I purchased this several months ago . We use it for our 17 month old son , and our 3 dogs -LRB- small and medium-sized -RRB- . It 's durable , and very easy to use , it 's not fancy , or stylish , but it does the job . What I love about this gate is , you basically `` set it and forget it '' -LRB- provided you are using it in the same sized spot all the time -RRB- . If we take the gate down -LRB- we use it in the same opening all the time -RRB- , but need to put it back up quickly , there is no fussing -LRB- like the wooden gates -RRB- trying to get the `` right notch '' because the lock retains the size you last used ! When you have a little one that moves quickly , it 's very helpful to put it up quickly . What I also love is , so far , this gate has NOT left any marks -LRB- or damage -RRB- on our walls or door frames -LRB- we have wooden gates that took the paint off door frames and left small dents -RRB- . The only cons I have are , it 's really not very pretty -LRB- but it 's not horrible either -- I think it 's nicer than the wooden ones -RRB- , and if you do have to switch the locking position , it is a tad difficult to move . I would highly recommend this to anyone . I purchased this gate for $ 13 on Amazon -LRB- must have been a sale ! -RRB- , and now it 's $ 20 . Still worth the price if you do n't want to spend a lot on safety gates .
 This product was received promptly and packed well . . I love this gate , no brainer to use and wo n't hurt my walls or doorways . I am using this gate on little Yorkshire Terriers , they do n't need much to hold them back . I would not recommend this gate for any larger dog then a small terrier type . . and for children , well , I believe you would need a stronger one as there are some pinching areas to the slide .
 It does the job perfectly at a price that is too good to pass up . Very easy to set up and use . Highly recommend .
 the north states supergate not only made in america but its CHEAP . I have had this for a month now and it works with ease . My 20lb dog ran into it the other day and it held its ground . easy to clean when you get it dirty and you ca n't beat the price . qaulity work for a GREAT PRICE . I could n't of have asked for a better product . I have had two other baby gates different brands both which were CHINA MADE broke the first time my babe climbed up them . One was from wallmart which was a Safty 1ST gate it only last three days and i had to return it ... the other was a odd lots brand which stained to easily . I 'm sticking with North States Supergate from now on . Its well worth the price .
 As a stationary gate that we leave in place , this is an excellent value and a tight fit . Just work with it until you figure it out . It does take a few minutes ... Great value !
 It 's cheap and can fit rather large openings . It is the most sturdy of constructed gates and the adjustment bard tends to bow out , even when not under extreme pressure.It is difficult to remove the gate from an opening as the gate does not slide easily back into a compact position . Again , these few things I can overlook for the cost of the gate.DO NOT USE THIS GATE AT THE TOP OR BOTTOM OF STAIRWELL
 Our new house has an odd feature where the back is fenced in , but the dogs can run up the steps and out to freedom due to the lack of a gate . This gate basically seals in our steps so that the dogs can run around without us worrying about where they might be in ten minutes.For me , that means 5 stars as it was cheap , quick to install , and completely what I needed . However , less than 2ft high might be problematic for containing some kids/animals . Also , as noted by others , I would n't want to have to adjust this gate often , though maybe only being 23inches tall could solve the need to take it down !
 If your 4 legged canine little one has a developed distasteful interest in the cat box , this is a quick / cheap solution . The cat easily jumps it to do his business ; the dog can only watch from a far . No more of those `` gee , I hope that 's a Baby Ruth bar '' moments and it gives the cat some much needed alone time .
 North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate is fantastic . Received the product in two days with Amazon Prime account , free shipping , and there was no damage at all . I bought it to keep my two little dogs in the kitchen while out shopping and running errands so they would not have any accidents on the carpet in the house . It is very easy to use and fits the door opening perfectly , but is adjustable to much larger openings .
 this is a small , short gate . Even my six year old can launch herself over the gate . I bought this to keep my dog gated and she jumps over it . . but for staying solid in one place it rocks !! It 's a solid gate . Highly recommend it .
 Does it 's job , not as pretty as some of the other gates . Make sure to measure your doorway , I did n't realize one of the doorways I had was smaller than the others in my house and this gate wo n't fit . I can lean it up against the entry but the dog knocks it over all the time , but that is on me . Good quality for the price .
 The price is right for this solid door gate . We use it as a pet gate , it 's easy to set up and light , but works very well .
 Definitely works well . Love the memory aspect of the locking mechanism . We purchased this to use as a barrier for our small dog . Granted he is not a jumper and does n't push against the gate but it feels solid enough that I would n't worry about it coming loose if he did . It arrived in good time and excellent condition . It is n't the prettiest thing ever but definitely does the job .
 Great gate , not the most attractive , but who cares . It has a excellent fit much better than more expensive gates and my little one ca n't get it open -LRB- she is learning how to press the release button on my Safety First gate -RRB- . Well worth it , we own two .
 We love this baby gate ! It is high quality and works well ! Plus ... it is made in the USA !
 I love that I can step over these without having to do anything . They travel well -LRB- I take to my parents all the time -RRB- , are a great price and make it that my daughter can see over the gate ... which seems to calm her a bit .
 We first got a regalo doored gate because i didnt want to have to hop over it but I needed a way to lock my baby out of the kitchen so I got this and after using it for few months , my love handles went away!It 's light I can carry it downstairs whenever I need to block off a room or to use it for locking in my two small dogs.The only downside is once the metal ring locks , it 's really hard to get it back out to change the width . I have to slam it from under and it can cause cuts . If that was easier i would give it a 5 star .
 I 'm writing a review as I 'm coming back to get a 2nd one of these for our house -LRB- to replace a fancy wood walk-through one that the latch wore out on -RRB- . Sure , it 's no picnic to get it adjusted initially , but after that , it can be easily removed and replaced -LRB- I move ours 2-3x / day -RRB- . It 's super sturdy , a fraction of the price of anything else , and made in the USA - that warrants 5 stars from me.I used my first one of these to block a hall that I do n't want our 1 yr old going down . He ca n't get it to budge - something that I ca n't say for the walk-through one we 're having to replace . I install it high enough that the cats can shimmy under it , and I can still easily step over it at 5 ' 4 '' holding my son . When the walk-through gate we have on his nursery doorway gave out after a year of use , here I am buying another one of these . Learn from my mistake - just get this one to begin with .
 I ordered this product even after reading all the negative comments . I needed extra gate to keep my toddler out from the kitchen , and wanted to try different brand from the two gates I already have . Some have mentioned problems with memory locks , but I have n't have any problem with it . It was very easy for me to install the gate and i actually love this product . I give four stars because the gate has to be totally removed in order for adults to pass through , unless you do n't mind stepping over to pass through .
 For the cheap price , i expected a POS to arrive , but this gate is very solid . The latch , however , is almost too sturdy and can be tricky to unlock . If you frequently remove the gate during the day , or have weak hand strength then this one might not be your best choice . If you set it and forget it once or twice a day ... this is the least expensive way to go , while still having a sturdy gate that wo n't be problematic .
 We purchased this gate to block off a door from our dogs . They have a habit of scratching doors trying to open them so we put this gate up to prevent damage . We had a cheapy wooden gate there previously and our dogs actually started to chew on that gate ! So we made the switch to plastic and it is great ! We love the locking mechanism so the gate has so we feel certain the gate will hold up . The gate is a little short in height so we just raise it up a few inches off the ground and it does just fine .
 I use this gate to keep my dog out of my room . It does the job for cheap .
 It 's cheap and I did n't have to spend hours at the store trying to figure out which one was best and had the best reviews . I love Amazon and I love the reviews . It works . It 's cheap , what more can I say .
 This is a ` critter ' gate for my wooden deck . It just was wide enough but it fit with an inch to spare . Neighborhood critters visit my deck at night , pillaging and plundering everything . This will be a step barrier . If they climb over it , I 'll deal with that but it 's a nice temporary gate.I see it would be good for portable use since it does n't attach to anything but is held by ratcheting pressure against 4 soft bumpers.I like it for the outdoor critters and if I had a kid I would like it for indoors .
 I 've used the gate 5 times now as a baby gate and I really like it . Once locked in place it does not wiggle , budge or bend . It latches with no problem and I have n't had to move the memory lock like some reviewers had complained about . The plastic on it is pretty sturdy so I do n't know why people have complained about that either . All in all this is a great gate , especially for the price . I believe I read on one review it was shorter than the average baby gate but for my 9 mth old it works just fine . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 My Son has started crawling and often goes in to kitchen . So , I got this one from Amazon . The installation was very easy and moving to different place is not hard at all . Well ofcourse there is a very little learning cure is there . If you understand the trick , it works very well.Plastic is not very great quality , but it does the job very well for the price !
 This gate is very sturdy and handy ! If you are using it for big dogs it is a shorter gate so you would need to set it up a little off the ground but it has worked great for me !
 Ordered this to keep the little one out of the cats ' room -LRB- I raised it six inches to let our elderly cats run under it , without allowing the 9 month old to crawl in -RRB- . It 's solid -LRB- as I have to straddle it every time I want to change the cat box -RRB- , easy to use , and very cost effective . Excellent product .
 Once I figured it out , it 's simple to use ! Nice and strong and is very snug against the door frame . I use it for my dog as he tries to escape every time the front door opens ! I like the fact it 's portable . Just loosen the gate and place it in another doorway or hallway or take it to Grandma 's when you go ! I 've had at least 5 of these over the years ... had 5 children and several grandchildren ... what did people do without these ??? yikes ! When my children had their own children , they would always call and say `` Mom , I need that gate !! '' lol ... Mom always knows best < wink >
 Did n't expect this gate to be so nice for the price . Very happy with it . The memory is a great idea . Would highly recommend it .
 Gate works very well . We are quite happy with it . For the price we paid it was a great value .
 These gates are a lifesaver for me as I watch my daughters puppy while she is at work . I can be at ease knowing that this little pup ca n't go roaming around the house ...
 For $ -LSB- ... -RSB- this gate does the job for my 9 week old German Shepherd pup ... I ordered one , then I ordered another one the following week to block off another hallway . Great gate for the price .
 This is a great gate and very sturdy . Great price for the quality and would recommend this product . I will be purchasing another one since I love it so much .
 I bought this gate with the intention of using it as a separater for my new puppy . I initially tried to use it in my hallway , but the sides of the gate -LRB- the two notches on the top -RRB- did not touch the wall , and as a result , I was not able to use it in the hallway without severely bending the two hinges . This is due to the lining of my walls having a small indention at the base of the wall , which caused the bottom notches to fit more tightly than the top two . The gate worked but I was afraid that it would eventually break the gate.I then opted to use my guest bathroom as my puppy 's playroom , and the gate fit perfectly in the doorway . For the price I paid , this gate works very very well now that I am using it in the doorway.As other reviewers have stated , its not the prettiest gate , but functionality wise , it performs very well and is definitely worth the value .
 I bought this to keep my cat in an enclosed space while I am not home . Although it is not the most attractive gate I 've seen , it works perfectly . It is easy to adjust and takes seconds to set up.Since I only use it for my cat , I ca n't speak for how effective it might be for children or larger pets . But for me it 's perfect and you ca n't beat the price . Even used gates on craigslist are priced higher than this one.Quick tip
 This gate is a fantastic buy . I was very pleased with the price , and now that they are here and installed I am really impressed with the quality . I live in an older house so the walls are not totally straight , but I could get a tight fit in both places that I installed them . I tested them myself and there is no way that my 8 month old could get them to budge . They are also very easy to use and the memory lock feature works great on the two gates I received . I would totally recommend them , even though they are not cute .
 I do n't know how anyone could complain about this gate it works exactly as stated , I previously owned the wooden version and not only did n't it maintain it 's position when opened and closed it cost lost more .
 A good gate for the price . Overall it is a sturdy unit , but it does not easily remove once it is in place . If you enjoy jumping over the gates , this one is for you . Fortunately it is low , and once you get the gate to fit it keeps it shape and size well . I would recommend this gate for rooms you do not use often , or where you are comfortable jumping over the gate . If you have a small dog or puppy , this gate is perfect because it is cheap enough to train the dog and get rid of the unit .
 Great door for the price for upstairs . Its sturdy and safe for kids . Its stays very tight with wall and its easy to move from once place to other for adult not for kids .
 this is a sturdy gate and my dog can not jump over it or chew it to pieces like the wooden ones . i would recommend this to buy .
 The gate is great , . . its a mid-level gate , ... sturdy , stays up fine , . . perfect to use throughout the house . I really do not understand the negative reviews , ... its perfect for the money . Dont expect features from a $ 80 gate , but definitely worth the price.We had the wood-style gate before this oneNorth States Diamond Mesh Wood Gate - Pressure Mount , same concept , . . but glad we made the upgrade .
 I purchased this gate to use on my deck to contain my dog . The gate is fairly easy to use and seems durable . It is also held up very well all summer outside and being exposed to the elements . The negative aspect of this product would be the height of the product . It works fantastic for my 15 pound dog but if you are looking for a gate for a child 2 1/2 years or older or a larger size pet this gate may be too short for you . For the purpose I purchased it for and the quality and cost of the product I would highly recommend it !
 best price we could find for a child proof gate . the trim is made of thick plastics so the child ca n't break it . we use it to gate the kitchen , whose door is too wide for the child-proof gates we can find at IKEA , at a much higher price . it 's very easy to put up and take down , which is very important for us , because we do it several times a day . the only complaint i have is i do n't have a good place to store it when it 's not in use , but i guess all gates of this kind have the same issue .
 I bought this product after returning one of the more exspensive `` prettier '' gates . This item works , simple as that ! NO ASSEMBLY REQUIRED !!!! take it out of the box and put it up !!
 This is a sturdy , attractive step-over gate and you just wo n't beat the price for the quality , period . It 's just tall enough to keep pets -LRB- I have two Poms -RRB- out of my bedroom , but just low enough for me to step over easily . It fits very secure in the door frame and is so easy to install and adjust .
 Instead of adding childproof locks to every kitchen cabinet and drawer we got this one simple gate . Really easy to setup and use . And when not in use removing it is a snap . It 's not stylish and does n't have any fancy features but it is perfect in its simplicity . Exactly what busy parents need .
 The gate works just like I a wooden gate of similar stature but a better structure . It 's everything I imagined it would be and for a great price . It does take a little elbow grease to get it working for the first few times , but after that I can pick it up and put it down . That is great for carrying a sleeping baby !!!! It 's a sturdy gate when it is put on the right notch . It holds up to me kicking it several times a day and for an active 1 year old throwing a tantrum on it .
 Fits between doorway really well . Low enough that I can step over it without much problem . Strong enough for when baby tries to pull up to standing on it . The position memory lock makes it easy to move out of the way and then reinstall when needed .
 me only being 5 ' 5 its harder for me to climb over these gates . i went with plastic gates for the simple reason i was tired of the wooden ones breaking . i like the easy slid and lock design making it easier to take down and put back up . my only complaint is its harder than the wooden gates to get over when i dont want to take them down everytime i need to pass by . but this is due to me being short not the gate .
 So we have a wonky bottom-of-the-stairs area that needed a gate under 25 '' high , and this gate was pretty much it . It looks so junky , and it would be in a high-traffic area , where we 'd have to remove it and re-install it several times a day ... ugh . But we 've been pleasantly surprised at how well it works ! I can remove it one-handed with my 25-lb toddler in the other arm , and re-install it just as easily . She pulls on it with all her might and ca n't dislodge it . The price is right , too . It 's ugly , to be sure , but does the job much better than I 'd hoped for .
 This gate is easy to use , and has worked well , it is just not that pretty to look at . If you do n't care how it looks , then you ca n't beat the price and your child will still be safe , which is what is most important .
 The reason I purchased this was because I am keeping my cousins 2 dogs while he looks for a place to live that he can keep them . He is going through a divorce . I needed something to separate them from my 4 cats . The dogs Hate cats and are very jealous of them . The gate has worked great . The dogs bump their heads against it , push against it but it stays put . If it can keep them under control , a baby would be nothing.Dianne
 I bought two of these gates to keep my house rabbits out of the computer room and away from my books . They are holding up well and fit tightly in the doorways . The only problem I can see is that they do n't accommodate uneven walls as well . The height is just right to keep the bunnies out but not so high as to make them difficult to step over . They do n't look too bad either .
 I bought this gate and it totally works well . The only problem I have with it , is that unlike wooden models which slide wider/narrower much more easily this one is kinda trick . So it makes it harder to get a tight fit in what you 're trying to block . If you 're looking though for a cheap gate and do n't mind a slight struggle this is a good one.I would not recommend it though for anything over a medium sized dog -LRB- We are using it on a beagle -RRB- . It would not be high enough .
 This is a pretty easy gate to use . I move it back and forth between two doors . The metal bar can get stuck in the grooves a bit when readjusting for the door width , but it really only takes a few seconds to pop it out . Have 4 kids so I adjust pretty easily to different gate designs having bought quite a few over the $ 100 range . This works , is inexpensive . Like the other reviewers I agree it 's not that attractive but sturdy and functional . Also it 's lower than most gates so you might want to check the dimensions prior to getting one .
 This gate is VERY sturdy and easy to install . Because you adjust the width of the gate by sliding the two panels , it will fit your doorway much better than the metal gates with the extensions . The only reason I ended up returning it was because I had a little trouble stepping over it every time I wanted to walk through the doorway -LRB- I 'm only 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- and I did n't want to be trying to step over this while carrying a baby , laundry , etc. . This gate might work better for taller people .
 This is a great pressure gate . We got it to temporarily block the entrance between two rooms as our new kittens were getting used to the other cats in the house . It is a little tricky to figure out at first , but it is wonderfully sturdy and adaptable for such a great price . Just read the directions carefully and you will get the hang of it soon .
 For the price I paid for this gate , its totally worth it . I was hesitant to purchase this product after reading some reviews , but figured I 'd give it a shot and am happy I did . We live in an apartment and I did not want any gates with hardware . It is not very easy to get it to the correct door size , but once that 's done its a breeze . If you do n't mind hopping over a gate , this is the gate for you . I ordered 2 more after I was happy with the first but .
 Three grandchildren under 5 years old
 I 've been using this gate since April to block my spare room so my guide dog ca n't access the cats ' litter boxes . It works perfectly to mount the gate about a foot or so off the ground for the old cat to get under , and the younger cats can get over it or under it.My roommate and I easily step over the gate , but we 're tall enough , this technique might not work for everyone . The gate stays solidly in the door frame and even the cats ca n't knock it down when they jump over it . My guide dog is very well behaved and never tries to get in , but he 's knocked into it a few times while playing and even his seventy pound body has n't dislodged it.I gave the gate 4 stars because if I had small children , I 'd be a little concerned that the pressure bar does n't lay flush with the gate when closed tightly . I would worry about kids getting hurt , but for my purpose this is n't a problem . It might lay flush if locked in more loosely , but then I do n't know how well it would stay in place.It was incredibly easy to fit into the door jam by feel . I have no sight at all and had no problems . When snapped tightly , the pressure mount stays in place.I would definitely recommend this gate . For the price , it 's perfect . I do n't know about kids , but it works great for keeping my labrador guide dog out of the room . Why tempt his good manners , right ? ; -RRB-
 This gate is so simple to use , we actually like it better then the other more expensive hinge mounted gate we have . It works in any door way and is easy to put up or move . Would definitely recommend it .
 Holds fast to doorways and can be altered to fit different size thresholds -LRB- a little cumbersome to adjust -RRB- . Sturdy . It withstood the pushing of an eager 20 pound dog -LRB- intended purpose -RRB- . For the money , this product does the job I wanted it to do.It is not the most beautiful thing in the world , but if you have kids or pets , how beautiful can you keep your house in a given day ?
 We got a new dog and for the money this gate is an A + + + + Easy to use and does the job it is intended . I was worried it was a piece of garbage but when we got it I had it in place within 15 minutes . The quality is very good for how inexpensive the gate was . Yeah there were better gates out there for twice the money but for the short term we use it every day this was more than sufficient .
 This is a very durable , sturdy and well made gate . It is very easy to use . I leave mine in place and just step over it . Well worth the money .
 The gate 's not the prettiest thing . But that 's obvious prior to purchase . As for functionality , it works . We have them in two doorways to keep our granddaughter from sneaking into un-childproof rooms . Sliding the width adjustment is a little clunky at first . Once the adjustment is made , opening and closing the gate is simple . We -LRB- adults -RRB- typically just step over it . The height is just right to keep a one year old in . Our five year old is the only one who ca n't just step over the gate . But he climbs well and the gate holds up great to him standing on the tension bar to climb over . It can also support his weight -LRB- 45 lbs -RRB- without falling or bending .
 This item was perfect and easy to use . I purchased this item to give my cat an escape from my roomates dog . The gate was easy to secure to the doorway of my bedroom . The cat can easily hop it and it keeps the dog out . The single page that comes with it is easy to follow . One may want to mark the notch that is used for the doorway so that when you remove it , you can use it again .
 I use this gate to keep my dogs from the stairway . It is very heavy and sturdy compared to a wooden gate which I had previously ! For the price and the heaviness this gate is a great buy !
 Let me first start by saying I am not a connoisseur of baby items . I 've never assembled a carriage , crib , high chair , or anything of the like . In fact , I have no children . We bought 3 of these gate for our 6 week old Schnauzer puppy . She likes to explore rooms she should n't be in.After reading all the reviews , I was nervous about receiving these but could n't beat the price . I just cracked open all 3 boxes and installed all of them in under 5 minutes . The gate is sturdy and the locking mechanism is easy to understand . And this coming from someone who has never used a baby gate . Plus , our house is far from plumb and the gate locked pretty snugly -- no wiggle room . It is stationary , so if you remove it , you will have to re-find the right notch for the latch to go in . But is this really a big deal ? No . Just mark the notch with a Sharpie and the next time you go to use it , you will know where to place it.I 'm not quite sure why everyone else gave this a low rating . Maybe they 've made this product better since then ??? Dunno.For $ 13 , you get a gate to block unwanted shorties from getting into rooms they should 've be in . No frills but gets the job done for us . Overall I 'm very happy we got these .
 and it 's cheap ! great for fence off an area that you do n't use very often . the construct is good , plastic is strong enough , easy to adjust . it 's been a year and still holding up well.there 's also a wooden one , wider - very flimsy - do n't buy . i returned mine .
 I have used this product for about a week now and I love it . I do not use it for children but I do have a little dog that I need it for . My bedroom is in the basement and when he has free reign of the house he tends to go to the bathroom on the floor so I wanted to find an inexpensive gate to put up so he has less area . At first I attempted to use it up in the kitchen doorway to see if it would work but then it was extremely hard and I was half asleep trying to do it so it did n't work and having molding on the walls at the bottom makes it harder to do . But now I tried again I found out how I 'm suppose to do it and it 's super easy .1 -RRB- -LRB- you do n't have to but I like to extend it to fit the doorway with little room -RRB- 2 -RRB- lift the bumpy bar upwards and use that hook thing to latch into one of the grooves and then push down . It might take a few tried to find the right indent to put the latch thing into but after that it will be fine . then move the slidey thing to latch on to both bars . To take down move the slidey thing and then just lift the indent bar upwards.What I did to make it easier for me to slide was to use some WD-40 . After that it was very easy to spread apart and use.I have yet to use their `` memory '' feature mostly since I never move the gates.I would suggest this gate if your looking for something that is not expensive and works . Might not be the best looking thing in a house but then again most gate would n't be.Pros : Easy -LRB- once you figure it out -RRB- My dog ca n't push it downHe can not climb though it like many of the other gates I have tried.It 's low enough for me to climb over -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 4 -RRB- Does what I need it to doworks in uneven doorwaysCons : I do n't care for the gray colorNot to attractiveI 've ran into it many times because I had forgotten it was there -LRB- never went down but stubbed toes do hurt -RRB- Good luck all
 I do n't understand all the bad reviews on this gate . We bought two despite the reviews because my husband 's family had something similar when he was a kid and he remembered them being good , easy to use gates . He was right ! They fit every different sized doorway in our place and are fast and easy to take in and out , and to re-adjust if we need to switch them from one doorway to another .
 At that price one wonders whether this baby gate would be a decent product . It 's simple to set up , well packaged , and a really good deal . I am getting me another one for the staircase !
 Works better than I expected . Fits perfectly in doorways . Once locked , it strong enough not to kick down . Puppy tries to chew on it , but durable material . Came with a small crack on the top , but does n't interfere with the locking mechanism .
 I agree with some of the other reviewers -- it 's not the prettiest gate . It looks just as it does in the picture . But , you ca n't beat the price ! It 's sturdy and very easy to install .
 I have 2 MiniPoodles , who -LRB- for some unknown reason -RRB- completely respect barriers . I do n't even lock this gate into postion . I pick it up and lay it across the doorway of the room they are in . They -LRB- rescues -RRB- still can not be trusted to free roam the house . However , they always behave if confined to one roomSuper product at a great price
 El articulo es muy bueno y facil de usar . El rastrillo como le llamamos en PR lo compre para mi perrita Maltes para poder dejarla en mi cuarto encerrada con la puerta abierta . Para q el Aire de la sala y de toda la casa ventilara y para q no Se me sofocara en el cuarto ...
 I am so glad that I found this online . I was not able to find it locally.I purchased this because it is 23 inches tall , and I am short so I am able to step over it comfortably.I foster puppies and kittens and it keeps them confined until they are big enough that they can climb overand it keeps others out that do n't need to be near puppy and kitten food .
 We needed an inexpensive gate to keep our little one out of the litter box area of our apartment . This gate has worked out great for us . The gate is easy to put in and take out of place with a child in the other arm . The position of the gate stays selected so you do n't have to fiddle with getting it just right every time since it is always right . We probably take this gate down 3-5 times a day , at it is n't a nuisance . One might say that the gate is an eyesore , but I have n't really found that to be the case . We ignore it while it 's up for the most part , and the peace of mind we get from having it up would outweigh the potentially bad appearance of it . It does its job for a great price .
 we got these when our daughter was old enough to crawl to keep her out of the kitchen . They work great but she climbs on them now and they come out of the doorway , I only wish they stayed in better . Other than that its a great gate
 This product works only if you have two perfectly flat surfaces to push it against . If you have a set of stairs with a rounded bannister , this wo n't work . For the price , its a good buy but beware where you use it .
 I am pleasantly surprised by this gate for the price I paid . It 's not fancy , a little difficult to adjust if you want to move it to a different width doorway , and definitely requires 2 hands to put up . However , it holds really well , and even manages to fit in the uneven doorways of our old and crooked farm house where no doorway/trim is perfectly level or even . We have two of them , and if it were n't for our desire to have walk-thru gates in other doorways , I 'd be thrilled to just save money and buy a bunch of these.Bottom line , this gate is not fancy or particularly attractive , but it 's sturdy and more than sufficient for the great price !
 I Bought this to keep my one year old from climbing the stairs on his own . The gate works ok but the memory bar thing is a pain sometimes . I took a marker and marked the slot which works best and release the bar each time -- its works for me . The main thing here is it is a cheap gate , it blocks the stairs , it locks up tight -- so all in all good purchase with minor hinderances .
 This gate works really well for our needs . We have a small opening in to our kitchen that we wanted to keep our toddler out of . We rent so we could n't install a gate with screws . This pressure gate works really well as far as pressure gates go . There are times when our toddler can pull it down but it is pretty rare . That is why I gave it 4 stars and not 5 . It was also confusing to figure out how to make it work for the first time . But once we figured it out it was great . It has a memory feature so it is easy to open and close it without having to adjust it every time .
 We bought two of these gates and quickly discovered that they are wonderful for straight doorways , but do n't do a good job in uneven ones . See , we live in an old house and things do n't always align perfectly . In one doorway , the top right and bottom left of the gate fit in , but the other corners did n't touch . There is no way to adjust for this type of discrepancy other than stuffing some cardboard in the other corners.In straight doorways , however . This gate is great ! Once you get used to how it locks in place , it 's just too cool . It 's so sturdy that our little guy can bang on it for extended periods of time and it does n't budge .
 Bought this gate to keep my min pin from running up and down the stairs in my house.I have at the top of the stairs between two narrow wrought iron rails.This gate is not really good for larger dogs but for my purpose it 's great.I had a wooden gate that had the memory feature but over time the screws kept coming loose and finally the screw holes were no longer any good.The price was right for this gate and it 's not as ugly as people say.The hardest part was trying to get the product out of the box.I would buy this product again .
 We purchased 3 to keep our husky in an area and help with potty training . Granted , you must have a dog who understands not to just jump over them , but they worked great for us . just make sure you do n't plan on moving them often . you need to be able to step over them . moving them is not easy , but the very low price makes up for it . they are sturdy too .
 At $ 14 not sure you can do better . I really like the metal gates that open and close by foot , but again $ 14 vs $ 60 - $ 80 ... I will do a little more work . No assembly or batteries needed and works great right out of the box . If you are looking for the best economical solution - Ca n't beat it .
 This gate does its job for the price . It is not the best quality gate out there , but it works . We have it in our doorwary leading to the garage . We like that it is low enough for us adults and older kids to step over .
 We did n't buy this for style , we bought it for function , and it does its job well . We got it specifically to keep our puppy confined in the kitchen during the daytime so that she has space to play . It 's plenty tall for a doxie baby and even with me leaning on it several times , it fits securely in the doorway . The gate itself feels very non-invasive , and it was a great buy for the price .
 This gate is easy to use and `` remembers '' how you had it set . Light and great functionality ... I can step over it but my puppy ca n't . .
 This gate , though not particularly fancy-looking , fits perfectly in the space where I need it at the bathroom door to keep my puppy inside during times when I 'm away or at night since he 's not yet housebroken . He can see through it , it 's sturdy and certainly fits the purpose at a very reasonable cost . I 'd recommend it .
 I bought this gate a little over a month ago . We got it in order to pen our lab and toy poodle in the kitchen when we have company over . This gate works very well . It fits any doorway very snuggly and is safe enough that you know it wont fall over under pressure . It 's true as the other reviews said that it 's not built for beauty , but we do n't mind the way it looks at all especially since it 's functional . My one qualm is the height of the gate . It 's only 2 feet high which is short enough that with one little jump , our lab can get over it quite easily . We would raise it up and leave a gap that she cant sqeeze through beneath , but we have the toy poodle , who can escape that way . It 's a good thing that our lab is well behaved and wo n't jump over it even though she can . If you have one tall or one short dog , it 's great . And it 's perfect for babies or toddlers . Whether you have dogs , babies , or toddlers ... this gate is safe and sturdy . It was a good buy and I would definately reccomend it .
 Much better than the wooden gates that I have used in the past ! Easy to use !!!
 I bought this to keep our puppy out of our living room . I really like this gate because even my 7 year old children can walk over the gate . Most of the other gates are taller . The latch does bow a little , but that does not seem to be any issue . It is really cheap and it works for us .
 We love this cup ! We had tried several different sippy cups before this one -LRB- because of the cost -RRB- , and all of those previous cups are now just sitting at the back of the shelf . The valve on this cup stays in place -LRB- others easily fell out which caused the cup to leak -RRB- , it is easy for our daughter to drink -LRB- other cups no matter how hard she tried she could n't get anything out -RRB- and it keeps the contents cool for longer that any other cup we tried . It is definitely worth the cost !
 The Playtex insulator cups are our favorite sippy cups by far , and we have tried many different cups . The no spill valves work well and store inside the lid . The insulating feature does not keep stuff cold for a long time but it is still WELL worth the extra money because it pretty much eliminates condensation which we all know is a real pain in the diaper bag , on furniture , etc. . Some no spill cups require so much sucking power to actually get anything out of them that your kid looks like he 's going to burst a blood vessel trying to drink his apple juice . Happily , that is not the case with these . They do require a bit of suck power but not so much that my kids find them frustrating and no spills makes for one very happy Mommy .
 My one year old has been chewing through his soft N&uuml;by spouts and they 've begun to leak all over ! Out of sheer desperation I grabbed two of these at the grocery store today because they looked to be the sturdiest ... boy am I glad I did !!! They have the best valve that 's easiest to wash and replace out of any sippy I 've ever seen -LRB- and I 've dealt with a bunch with a 5 year old nephew and 3 year old niece ! -RRB- . Because with the soft ones you just have to squeeze , my son had to learn to suck on these spouts , but it only took him a few minutes to get used it . It only drizzled out a tiny bit at the air release hole once when he first got a hold of the cup and held it upside down shaking it as hard as he could , before he figured out how it worked . I 'm glad I grabbed 2 today and I will DEFINITELY be buying more !!!
 i needed a sippy with a hard spout because my teething toddler was biting through all of his soft ones . this did the trick . i deducted one star just because it leaks a little here and there , although i ca n't find the source -LRB- & that is annoying -RRB- but it has been reliable otherwise , and i am just glad he 's no longer biting through the spout .
 For those of you with toddlers , I wanted to recommend this sippy cup . I literally went through probably 10 brands of sippy cups and hated them all . And , my daughter just did n't seem to drink a lot from them . I read some reviews and found out about this one and tried it and absolutely love it . I literally bought 6 of them and threw all the other ones out -LRB- well , donated -RRB- . There are three main reasons why I love this cup :1 . It does NOT spill , I swear2 . The parts are easy to take apart , clean , and put back -LRB- some other ones had a million tiny parts that were hard to put back together -RRB- .3 . It is insulated to keep liquids cold without being heavy at all . And , there is no condensation so diaper bags , etc do n't get all wet .
 I love these ! Love the designs , love the colors . We have the flowered ones pictured here . We have Disney princess ones . We have pink ones , blue ones , pink , purple , you name it ! Love this cup with the sippy lid . have been using these for well over a year with no issues . Note of warning , Playtex offers these cups with a straw lid . THOSE are horrible . They leak terrible ! I was very disappointed that these are such wonderful cups and then Playtex fell horribly short with the next stage of cups - the straw lids .
 We have tried SO many different cups , but these are definitely top-notch ! After trying them out for a week , I decided to buy more and am so happy I did . They do n't leak , they are easy for our daughter to hold and drink from . I have no complaints !
 The Playtex insulator cups are our favorite sippy cups by far , and we have tried many different cups . The no spill valves work well and store inside the lid . The insulating feature does not keep stuff cold for a long time but it is still WELL worth the extra money because it pretty much eliminates condensation which we all know is a real pain in the diaper bag , on furniture , etc. . Some no spill cups require so much sucking power to actually get anything out of them that your kid looks like he 's going to burst a blood vessel trying to drink his apple juice . Happily , that is not the case with these . They do require a bit of suck power but not so much that my kids find them frustrating and no spills makes for one very happy Mommy .
 Love these ! These stoppers clean easily , and the smaller cup size is much easier for little hands . Definitely a must for when you need insulated cups .
 These are the best pullups for my heavy bedwetter . It is difficult to find these in size L-XL in my local brick & mortar stores , and this is a better deal anyway .
 I recieved my 12 pack of girls goodnites -LRB- l/xl -RRB- today -LRB- January 7 -RRB- and i was amaized ! the new goodnites are so soft ! and i think they were a bit bigger . i love wearing diapers , but i have n't yet tried one on , :-LRB- . i wear them only at night time , because im incontinent and as i just mentioned love to wear them . I ordered these goodnites from a company called AmericanRx . Before i ordered them , i called up the company and asked what kind of box they were to arrive in -LRB- i did n't want my neighbors to see -RRB- the customer service was fantastic ! they answered my question promptly over the phone . For those who are wondering , if you buy from AmericanRx the box is just brown and it is very discreet . Great diapers and you should all order them !
 I like the playtex cups but was upset when I opened the box to find pink and green butterflies . . I expected to see the the ones shown on the picture , I bought these for my son , luckily I have a niece same age that could use these ...
 This was an upgrade for us , from the previous versions of the Insulator sippy cups . The liquids stay cooler longer than the previous versions , and , like its predecessor , does not leak -LRB- the exception being if there is a bit of milk left in the nub , a few drops might leak out at most , but nothing of consequence -RRB- . Five stars.On a side note , buyer be aware ! The pictured cups are not what arrived , at least , not the two separate occasions that I bought these . They are not gender neutral . What you will receive will most likely be green with butterflies and pink with flowers set . We did n't care because we just use them around the house , and if we go out and about we bring the green ones as they are somewhat passable for a boy -LRB- since baby boy is rather on the &#34; pretty &#34; side , he often gets mistaken for a girl -RRB- . Three stars for the seller -- they were quick and I could return these free of charge if I wanted , though they should have given me the &#34; variety of designs &#34; that they claim . It seems they really only have two -- and only for girls .
 I took a gamble when purchasing this one for my two boys , and of course got cups with butterflies on them . Beware that they are a &#34; non-returnable &#34; item . Fortunately my little boys thought the butterflies were &#34; pretty &#34; . I would have been happier with solar system ... but at least they do n't leak .
 I bought these for my son because I wanted something that would keep his drinks cool and did n't leak . I have not had any problem with them leaking although they will lose some fluid if dropped on the floor , but it does n't continue to leak . They do a great job at keeping drinks cool , they are easy to wash and if they do start to leak the valve is replaceable . I use this cup every day .
 After becoming completely frustrated with leaky sippy cups , we went on a buying spree to find a sippy cup that would not drip . The lone cup that passed the test ? The Playtex Insulator ! We are still using two of the very first Playtex Insulators that we bought at our local grocery store around 2 years ago , and they do not leak . Some other relevant features : -- The top -LRB- mouthpiece -RRB- is plastic , not rubber , which means our toddler has not yet been able to chew or bite any holes in it . Our kid destroyed many other rubbery-style sippy cups simply by biting through them . -- There are two holes under the mouthpiece cap and they are each plugged with a single , sturdy silicone valve thing . This simple design seems to be part of why the thing just does n't drip or leak . -- Yes , it actually insulates . Hot or cold drinks stay that way for maybe two hours . -- I believe it 's dishwasher safe . We 've run it through without mishap . The underside of the mouthpiece can be a little tricky to clean by hand , but it 's a small price to pay for sippy cup perfection .
 We have been using Playtex sippies for about four years now , for two children and they are by and large the best of all that we 've tried.There are other attractive models out there , but they tip over easily -LRB- what marketing genius thought a narrower at the bottom than at the top design was a good idea ! -RRB- and do n't last . The plastic that they are made out of is hard and it eventually cracks -- dropped or from dishwasher wear.The Playtex models -LRB- either insulated or not -RRB- stay upright -LRB- most of the time LOL -RRB- and are easily cleaned by hand or in a dishwasher . -LRB- Hand tested on vacation and at nana 's . -RRB- The only thing that we have done to maintain them is to replace the valve thingies as they will start to age after a year or so and leak despite what other reviewers have said . These replacement valves are cheap though and no problem to find.As to insulation , they insulate to a limited extent but do n't expect to have your milk stay good for more than an hour or so in a hot environment . -LRB- Tested in Florida , Texas , and Virginia . -RRB- Five Stars . The best that we have used and we have tested just about everything on the market .
 Very good quality cups , do n't spill even if kept upside-down . The lid or the spill-proof thing inside , never come off even if the cup is dropped from the dining table , which my son does once in a while ! Easy to clean as the shape is regular -LRB- without unnecessary curves , etc. -RRB- I have tried other brands and this one is by far the best , the spill-proof mechanism is superior to the others.Good buy , I 'd definitely recommend it .
 My daughter loves these cups . They stay pretty cold and we live in Arizona . I have purchased other cups that leak a lot . So far no problems .
 Playtex sippy cups are BY FAR the BEST sippy cups ! I have used others by Gerber and Avent - which both leaked ! Playtex will never leave you scrubbing milk/juice stains out of your carpet - or your kids ' clothes!The insulated cup keeps fluids fresher longer , which makes this the HEALTHIEST cup delivering optimum nutrients and nutrition for your child ! This feature is particularly nice if your child sips a little here and a little there - esp . MILK which spoils quickly.I have bought this cup over and over again - not because it has worn out , but because I want several for our home , grandparents ' home , diaper bag , etc.VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PRODUCT !
 ... on any other cups ! These are wonderful . I wished I had tried these before Gerber ones , which leaked and are not vented so when my baby sipped , bubbles built up inside the cups . Not with these vented truly spill-proof Playtex . The various designs are very cute and insides are easy to clean . Target has some on sale now , a few dollars cheaper than TRU/BRS . Love these cups so much we have 6 !
 We have tried about every cup on the market and these Playtex cups are by far the best . They truly are spill-proof -LRB- trust me , they are tested on a daily basis at our house ! -RRB- and easy to clean without a lot of complicated pieces . Replacement valves are easy to find and inexpensive too . The cups hold up wonderfully in the dishwasher and can take all a toddler can dish out . We have never had one break or crack in 8 years . My kids all have an easy time getting liquid out of the cups and I love the new designs ... very cute ! These are the only cups I will ever buy . Save yourself time and money and stick with these tried and true cups , you will not be disappointed .
 Moms , out of all the brands out there this is the BEST sippy cup there is . The most important is that it does n't leak when it tips over or is laying on the side . You would literally have to shake it really hard for milk or juice to come out of the spout.I wish someone would have told me earlier . I could have saved losts of money from all the other ones i bought.betty , TX
 Through trial an error I had to find the right sippy cup and I can say from experience this brand and type is by far the best . Used correctly with the vents in place , it does not leak , it does not spill , the top stays on securely when it is dropped or thrown , and it is easy to clean with a bottle and nipple brush . Even if my child went to bed with it accidentally , it never leaked . Never ! The insulation does a great job of keeping items cool too . Best used with juices and water but it still cleans easily if milk is served in it too , with a little more effort.They are sturdy enough for the dishwasher also , which is more than I can say for some .
 These are the best cups on the market . I have tried other brands in the same price range only to have to throw them away within two months . These hold up nicely even after many cycles in the dishwasher and lots of falls !
 We 've been using several of these cups for about a year now . Have worn super well and have not had to replace any valves yet unlike some of our Nuk/Gerber cups -- which we 've had for less time . These playtex cups cost a little more but are definitely longer wearing & the replacement valves are much less in cost than the Nuk ones . Nuk cups are cheaper , but valves are way more $ to replace .
 These are nice sheets for my trend labs Moses basket . They fit 29 &#34; by 11 &#34; . The only downside is the coloring . They are barely pink at all , it looks more like someone threw in something pink with the whites when washing :-RRB- The quality is good and they hold up in the washing machine well . They also fit nicely on the pad without being to tight or to loose .
 Thank you to the person who put the picture of their cat sitting on these ! I took what you had done and added a collapsible screen door and have created a cheep cat proof screen door . This is a taller gate then most , and once it is in place it is n't going to go anywhere . The screen I bough I reviewed so you can look at my reviews and find it , together I can open my back door , but keep my cats inside , and random cats outside . The only problem with my creation is that I cant really use the back door anymore to go outside with but I would rather that then not being able to breath fresh air .
 This gate is not flimsy as some of these reviews state . AT least I did n't find it so . It worked for us . I had to cordone a cat I rescued from my Bengal cats due to her being ill and the gate worked perfectly . I highly recommend . You do n't need to pay a really high price for a gate . Because cats jump , we needed the height this gate offers and they 're hard to find . Good product and highly recommended . Delivery was prompt as well .
 I bought this to separate old pets from new pets until they got use to each other . It is nice that it can be used in a lot of places , since it fits a wide range of openings .
 When I added a puppy to the house , I needed a new gate to contain all the dogs in one part of the house while I was gone . This gate has been perfect . The 3 adult dogs are in the 70 lb range , and it keeps them in , and the puppy also has n't escaped . I 'm sure there are dogs who can and will knock it down , but I 've had no problems , even with workmen in the house . I thought the price was good , and it 's well made and no problem to use .
 This item was perfect for my dog . It is a great height -LRB- seeing as to how my dog previously jumped over her shorter gate -RRB- and it is very sturdy . Great product !
 I was amazed at how quickly I got this gate . Not only is it exactly what I wanted but I got it faster than I could imagine . Great service as usual from Amazon .
 Was received very quickly , I liked that alot . The gates are what they say they are . I was very pleased .
 I could not be more impressed with a pressure-mounted gate than I am with this one . Most importantly , it is very firm and steady when secured in place with pressure alone . In addition , it is definitely taller than a lot of other gates on the market . Further , the wire mesh is much stronger than the plastic mesh you get with a lot of other cheap gates on the market . I could easily see getting many years out of these gates .
 This is a great gate and simple to use . The one thing that could improve it are a bit more detailed instructions for first time use . I had to compare the picture to the wording printed on the product itself to determine correct placement . Once in place though it is very secure .
 We purchsed this gate to keep our cats out of our basement because one of them had decided that the entire carpet was his litter box . It 's well made , easy to use , and lightweight . Two of our cats can jump over it -LRB- which I honestly expected ... I mean , they 're cats for goodness sakes ! -RRB- but the cat that was peeing in the basement is too fat to jump over it . I think this would work great for small to medium sized dogs and small children . It 's very sturdy and does n't mark the wall . It 's a phenominal deal , as some other similar gates are $ 50 and up ! -LRB- Plus this gate has free shipping if you buy one more product to put you over $ 25 ! -RRB- . I would highly recommend this gate.Update 10/2012
 I bought this gate to keep my daughter and our new kitten out of the office . This gate can be quickly taken down and put up . Once you find the proper adjustment for the door frame you 're using it in , it takes seconds to put up.I would highly recommend this gate to anyone looking for a gate that works perfectly for little money .
 This gate is easy to operate -LRB- once you figure it out initially -RRB- . I had purchased this gate some time ago and really liked it so I purchased a second one for another entry way . I like that it is a little taller than most gates and that if you move it around , it 's easy to re-adjust it .
 I have used the gate and it is the best one I bought so far . It is easy to use and the slide wood pressure mount works perfectly . It keeps my cat from jumping over it , and he can jump . Thanks again please do not hesitate to buy it.KLMoscaNY
 I needed a barricade of some sort to separate four cats from an active beagle . This does the trick . It has allowed them to get used to each other while protecting the cats and the beagle . This works perfectly and is easy to open , adjust and close . Thank you !
 good gate just high enough so the cats really dont want to jump over it . but they will if you use to keep them in . . i use it to keep them out and it works great
 I bought two gates to keep a new cat confined to the basement which does not have a door . The cat will jump over one gate effortlessly . The two gates are easy to stack and are about 6 ft high when stacked . It is very easy to use once you get the hang of it . The first gate did NOT come with instructions , the second one did.In case yours does n't , measure the door you want to use , move the measuring bar to the width on the gate , and press down the locking bar.Anywho , I had to make sure there was no space at the top or bottom of the doorway b/c the cat was able to climb over or under the gate if it 's too high or too low . I had use the box the gate came in to fill the remaining space at the top of the doorway . Once I did , it works perfectly . I would recommend , b/c the gate does work well ... but if you 're getting it for cats , you may need to do some extra prep !
 I bought this gate to keep dog 's out and cat 's in . It 's perfect for it . Tall enough to keep a malamute dog from jumping over . The cat 's are able to jump over though . Greatly made very sturdy and stays in place .
 needed to get something to keep cats out of a room works well with the shorter gate already had . Works great
 does what it says , not a super strong gate but enough to keep babies and pets from goin places fer sure . exactly what i expected .
 this gate works just fine . It was a little difficult to pry apart at first , not sure why , but once it was apart it works fine .
 This gate works well for keeping my cats out of the bedroom . It 's very easy to use with just one hand - you just need to find the right size for your door , and then the pressure holds it in place . I 'm fairly certain that even a heavier animal would n't be able to knock this down .
 Thank you to the person who put the picture of their cat sitting on these ! I took what you had done and added a collapsible screen door and have created a cheep cat proof screen door . This is a taller gate then most , and once it is in place it is n't going to go anywhere . The screen I bough I reviewed so you can look at my reviews and find it , together I can open my back door , but keep my cats inside , and random cats outside . The only problem with my creation is that I cant really use the back door anymore to go outside with but I would rather that then not being able to breath fresh air .
 The gate was nice and tall and easy to put into the doorway . It stayed in nice and tight - our dog was n't able to push out of it . She was able , however , to chew through the wood after a very anxiety filled afternoon ... I think that 's a testament to our dog 's strength , not a failure of the gate though !
 I bought this gate to keep my black lab out of my room while I 'm at work - so it needs to be high enough that she wo n't jump over and sturdy enough in case she pushes it - so far it 's working perfectly ! It arrived very quickly , and arrives ready-to-use so it literally took 5 seconds to test a couple settings to get the right snug fit in my doorway . Done !
 This gate has been a great purchase , I love that it is a little taller than most of the others and it has a great grip . It extends to a perfect size in all doorways in my home and keeps the kids where they 're supposed to be . I think for moms with small children this is a must have . The price is very reasonable for all the use this is going to serve in my house . There are no crazy instructions or assembly required , which is a plus . It 's very light and easy to move around . As long as no one will be raming into it , it will get it 's job done . I highly recommend it
 This gate is working out great . It is very strong and sturdy . It is better than the plastic gate we bought prior . So far we have n't any problems , except getting used to how to lock it in place . I recommend it !
 This gate works perfectly ... installs easily ... stays put no matter how much my dog tries to knock it down . Better yet I can take it with me when I visit my parents so she stays out of trouble there as well .
 I bought two of these gates to help me introduce two cats . They really worked quite well for pressure gates , and were completely effortless to set up . One of the cats , who weighs about 10 pounds , would climb up the gates -LRB- we had them two high -RRB- . He had to climb up it at least 10 times before the top gate finally slipped out of the door frame under his weight . I would think it would be great for dogs and kids also . It wo n't require you to mess up your walls with hardware installation and the price is right . I would n't use it at the top of the stairs , though , just in case a child was able to push it loose .
 This gate is wonderful-no more climbing over or removing a gate to get in/out of a room . Easy installation is a bonus but the swing center section with an excellent locking system has made life with a toddler so much easier . THe mesh is so much nicer than the alternative .
 Very nice and once you mark the spot in ink where the lock goes it works without problem . If you do n't mark the tooth placement then you will spend more time and get frustrated .
 I can now sleep late without my neighbors dogs giving me a wake-up visit which was always followed by my dog going goofy in response . Easy to latch and easy to swing away . Will also keep my great grandson in a safe area . Great product for the price .
 Good quality and easy to install and use . The top plastic guide separates sometimes but not a real issue . I would definitely would buy again .
 IT 'S EASY TO INSTALL , WHEN NOT IN USE IT SWINGS TO THE SIDE OF THE WALL AND OUT OF THE AREA SO VERY UNOBTRUSIVE .
 Very fast shipping , the gate works perfect in my daycare , keeps the little ones from wandering into areas they shouldnt be , very satisfied !
 I &#8217; m using this gate to keep my dog in the bathroom while I &#8217; m away from the house . The gate requires you to drill into the wall/frame and screw in 4 loops where the gate will attach . I picked this one specifically because my bathroom door is 24 &#8221; and there didn &#8217; t seem to be a huge selection of gates that were that narrow . This one fits perfectly . It &#8217; s pretty easy to open and close but you do have to make sure the bottom hook catches the loop which can make it more difficult to open and close with one hand . Not impossible though.If you are using this for dogs and your dog likes to chew you may want to consider a metal one . The gate is wood and I come home to piles of wood shavings where my dog has been chewing on it . Something I did n't even think about him doing !
 We use this as a gate to keep our doggie out of the back half of the house and give our cat some space without Mr.nosey . it works perfect for that . Kitty can jump the gate , dog ca n't fit under , and hubby and i can open and walk thru just fine .
 Overall , I love this gate . Detachable on both sides means I can use it on the front porch for our dogs and bring it inside at night . Quality piece , feels solid and it 's going to last a while . Only quibble is the top is 3 pieces of plastic that telescope and 2 of them frequently get stuck together making it difficult to extend ; same problem on both gates I bought . Was stuck so solidly I thought it was 33 % smaller at first ! However , not a big deal to get them apart and works fine otherwise .
 I bought 3 of these gates for my large dog and I find them to be very sturdy . I 'm not handy with tools , but found that it was extremely easy to install . The gate can be completely removed for convenience and that 's something that was important to me . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 This gate works great for my needs - keeping two dogs contained on a back deck . It was easy to install -LRB- even for me -RRB- and is fairly sturdy . I have a large old dog and a small puppy - I do n't know if these would hold if you have an energetic big dog who will jump against it or a child who might try to break out , but for a mid-level protection this is excellent .
 I love this gate . I bought it three years ago to block the opening on my front porch to keep the dog from running down the stairs . I live in SW Florida , and the gate has been in direct sunlight and salty weather since I got it and it still works great , no problems or falling apart ... it 's lasting longer than some of our decking . It 's easy to open , even with on hand , but tricky enough to fool the baby . price is good compared to other gates .
 We purchased this gate for an odd sized opening , because it is expandable . It attaches to both sides of the opening so you open it on either side . We have the gate in a very high traffic opening , and it is not only easy to open and close , but has stood up to the bigger kids going in out . In the evening when the kids go to sleep , we simply unlatch both sides and set it off to the side . I love it so much , I 'm buying 2 more to replace those pitiful pressure mounted gates we have . Works well to keep the dog contained from the baby area also . Quality , durable product . I definitely recommend it . Target is the only place I have found this gate .
 I purchased this gate for a the opening into my kitchen . It is an odd caddy corner shaped opening . The gate was easy to install and works great . We purchased it to keep my 8 month old son from crawling into the kitchen to eat the dog 's food ! He is almost 2 now and we still use it to keep him out of the kitchen . He has never pinched a finger or any other part of his body . My 5 year old is able to open and shut it with ease . It is very durable and his withstood my son shaking it back an forth . I guess you could say it is kid tested and mother approved .
 First the gate is Assembled in the USA . The design of the gate is rather simple which makes it very versatile . The gate is symmetrical and once the four eye bolts -LRB- or eye screws -RRB- are installed , either side of the gate can be detached for swinging in both directions . The latches for the top eye bolts -LRB- it just sets on the bottom eye bolts -RRB- are a little finicky . This is both good -LRB- harder for toddlers to open the gate -RRB- and bad -LRB- if you have to race to answer the phone -RRB- . The top rail is plastic and telescopes when the gate is expanded . The directions say to screw the eye bolts into the wall at 6 '' & 24 '' above the floor , I would recommend adding 1/2 '' to 1 '' to that so that it may clear an uneven floor or carpet . The bolts may need those self drilling plastic anchors if the gate is being mounted to drywall with no stud behind it . In general , it feels like a quality made gate and the price with free shipping is right.Also , If the gate is not left swinging free -LRB- fixed in place or removed and put away -RRB- , it should n't be a danger to little ones as the diamond openings are actually rather small and fixed when the gate is latched .
 My boyfriend and I have a 1yr old bulldog who weighs 45lbs . This gate is still going strong after a year . We have a elevated porch out front and she loves to hangout watching everyone and everything that goes by ! We use the gate at the top of the stairs to keep her from running up to people and trying to play with other dogs . This poor gate gets charged at -LRB- 45lbs ! of force -RRB- continuously , jumped on -LRB- she is the same height as gate standing up against -RRB- , and opened 10 + times a day . It has survived the rain -LRB- no rust or damage to sliding mechanism -RRB- ! Overall , I think this is a great product and if it can keep a very energetic 45lb English bulldog secured , your baby will be fine : DIF and when it comes time for another ... I will be buying this same gate !! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 I bought this gate to keep my dog and cat out of the living room . I have a 46 '' opening between the living room and the kitchen so I was having trouble finding something wide enough . The gate is also in a prominent spot in my house so I needed something that looks decent . This gate is easy to install , sturdy , expands to widths bigger than most gates . It 's wall mounted and when open can swing back so you can get it out of the way . It looks clean -LRB- some of the gates out there are hideous ! -RRB- and it presents a strong barricade that my animals do n't challenge . All in all , it was money well spent .
 You ca n't beat the price compared to other gates . I use it to block of a 60 '' opening and it 's wide enough to block even a couple more inches . You do have to drill 4 holes in your wall but the gate is sturdy and if you pay attention to your child when you are opening and closing it it 's perfectly safe . good stuff .
 i have a walkway from the living room to the dining room that most expandable wooden gates wont fit because they arent wide enough . This one expands perfectly to fit ! i also wanted something that couldnt just get pushed or tipped over so this being able to ger secured into wall was exactly what i needed . no complaints , easy to set up .
 This gate does exactly what I expected . It was easy to install , easy to use .
 The gate works great . My husband put some poly urethane on it to protect it from the weather because we use it out on the deck . Very nice ...
 I searched for sturdy gates to put in several doorways to contain my dogs when needed . I have to say that I am impressed with the quality & durability of this product . This is not a flimsy gate at all , unlike some of the others I looked at . The latch is also durable as well , and I like the fact that the gate can be removed completely if needed -LRB- the hooks remain in the wall -RRB- . Great product & great buy !
 It 's nice and tall , which is great if you have dogs . I liked the top plastic covers , but if you move the gate from room to room and have to adjust the width , you 'll find the plastic covers do n't come together well . It can be a struggle to get them to nest inside one another . I just might remove them altogether since I do n't have kids .
 I have a screened in porch with a doggie door that the chickens figured out how to use . I was looking for something to allow the air to flow , but keep the girls off the porch . It had to be easy to install and sturdy enough so the dogs -LRB- Great Pyr & Black Lab -RRB- could n't bust through it . Had I paid attention I 'd know that this was n't the gate for me ... but I wished it was ! The bracing across the top adds a bit of stability . The gate and was easy to swing open and close and go entirely away when needed . No matter how hard you try , you just ca n't make a 60 '' gate fit a 72 '' doorway . I did n't return it however ! I liked it so much , I passed it along to my sister who 's using it on her front porch to keep a very curious toddler from falling down the porch steps . The sturdiness and quality are great ! It would n't stop a determined beastie , but it does the job with a moderately well mannered one . The rivets all were well done . The hinges to the wall are easy to install & operate . -LRB- Easy to uninstall too ! -RRB- The eye hook to keep the bottom snug - easy to install ! A drill makes this easier on your wrists to install , but not required . Elbow grease and a screwdriver will get you there ! If I ever have a need for a 6 ' gate I 'd come back to this one ! I 'd also give it as a gift - oh wait ! I already have !!!
 I am really glad I chose this one . I use it to keep my dog off of carpet in part of the house while I am gone . He uses a pet door to come and go . If it has been raining he tracks mud . Wish I could teach him to wipe his feet . The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five - it is a little contrary to latch . Other than that it is a very smooth operating and well made gate . Best price . I would . Buy again and recomend to friends .
 I love this gate ! I have two chihuahuas and lately we 've been having a lot of visitors -- the open front door was enticing , and twice they ran for the border . I knew I needed a solution and this gate was it . It 's easy to open and close and looks nice enough . However , it 's not very sturdy , in the sense that it would n't stand up to a determined dog , if it were bigger than mine , say medium-sized , or a feisty two year old child . But to contain a small dog or a crawling child -- perfect !
 The base of our stairs and our pantry door have misaligned wall areas for attaching a standard gate , so we have two of these now . They are perfect for keeping kids and pets out . They are n't indestructible but will last for almost any household . One plus is that there is no bottom bar which you have to step over which is a hazard in iteself -LRB- take it from me , I broke my leg from a baby gate trip -RRB- . These are perfect for a busy house that needs the gate to work HASSLE FREE . EASY INSTALLATION !
 This gate has a really nice feature where you can open it from either side . Also if you purchase extra eye hooks from a hardware store you can easily set it up in multiple parts of your house . It 's sturdy too , which is essential in my house . I like that opens and closes easily and it 's higher than most gates .
 Hate wasting time reviewing products , but know that I always base my purchases on them - so - these gates were nice quality - fit perfectly where I needed them - easy to install and keep my granddaughter safely away from the stairs . I especially like that the gate opens from either side - we usually remove it totally when she is not here , which is another thing that I like ! Only thing that I would note is that the plastic protector on the top was sharp around the edges - you simply have to file down the sharp edges ! All in all - nice gates .
 the screw eyes were very short so i had to buy longer ones works great for what i need it for
 I have an xtra wide hallway . . and this fits great ... the hardware is screwed to the wall -LRB- eyelits -RRB- , but when it is not in use I can un-clip and store next to my fridge !
 Overall I am satisfied with this gate . It was easy to install and is reasonably easy to use , though I find the latch a bit tricky to operate one-handed . The two things I like least about it are that there is no way to fix its length -- it telescopes and can not be prevented from sliding in and out -LRB- longer and shorter -RRB- . Because its slats are diamonds that become wider or narrower as it telescopes , this seems like it may lead to pinched fingers once my son is toddling . Also , although the top of the gate has a plastic cover over the `` points '' of the diamonds , the bottom does n't , which , again , seems like it may present a hazard to a crawling baby .
 Durable , well made gate with study hardware . Easy one hand operation . It works !
 This gate installs easily and works very well . The latch gets a little tough to undo after using it for awhile .
 It does exactly what I wanted it to do . It keeps the dog out of the rooms I do n't want her to go .
 You get what you pay for . it seems too be holding up , I have had it for a week now . But the wood seems very weak and flimsy ... And its a pain how the latch works ... gate is pretty short so I have to bend down to open it -LRB- im 5 ' 8 . -RRB- I will up date after ive hade it a little longer .
 I had previously purchased the North States Supergate Extra Wide Swing Gate and it was so easy to install that I decided this Expandable Swing Gate would also be easy since the mounting hardware and hinges appeared to be identical . This is true to a point . Unfortunately , for whatever reason , North States does not ship their Expandable Swing Gate with the same long screw eyes they ship with their Extra Wide Swing Gate . This poses a huge problem if you are planning on mounting to a stud behind drywall . Technically , North States does mention in their manual that the gates must be mounted directly to wood , but they say the same thing about their Extra Wide Swing Gate , and yet they do provide screw eyes long enough to drive into a stud behind drywall for those.I called and spoke to North States this morning , and they are going to send me several hardware packs intended for the Extra Wide Swing Gate which I will use for this Expandable Swing Gate ... free of charge . That is nice of them !
 For well behaved dogs that do n't jump on things , this gate is perfect . Not sure it would be sturdy enough for more agressive dogs .
 I bought this gate for a wide opening to keep my toddler from going up the stairs . Installation is very easy -LRB- just 4 eye-hooks screwed into the wall -RRB- , but it would have helped if they had included some drywall anchors . I had some anyways , so I did n't have to spend any extra money , but unless you 're screwing the eye-hooks into solid wood , you need them . It 's great that you can latch/unlatch the gate from either end , which makes quite easy to adapt to any opening and a snap to remove completely when you do n't need it . Also , since it 's accordion-style , it truly does fit any opening within the range , as opposed to the gates that you have to attach pieces to until it fits , and sometimes it just does n't work at all . It does flex a bit when it 's pushed , leaned on by my daughter , but certainly not enough to break . The plastic piece across the top keeps it quite secure enough for any normal use and abuse . It 's tall enough , that my baby will never be able to get over it before we are able to quit using it . The open/close latch is not as easy as some , but after you do it a time or two , it 's pretty easy and anyone should be able to handle it with one hand , while any typical kid of the age this should be used for should not be strong/dexterous enough to handle it . Overall , this fit my needs perfectly , and is a TERRIFIC VALUE at a fraction of the cost of much more elaborate gates .
 This expandable gate is very easy to install , and securely fits my odd sized doorway -LRB- unlike the pressure gate that I had previous tried to use . -RRB- It is also surprisingly sturdy for an expandable gate , and has not loosened up when either of my very large dogs has leaned against it . I like the fact that it can be opened from either side . I do not care for the clasps that are used to open and close it , though . It is sometimes difficult to apply the correct amount of pressure to the rather small handle , while you are simultaneously trying to line up the latch on top and the hook on the bottom . Once it is opened or closed , though , it does a wonderful job .
 I bought this gate to close off the top of the stairs going from my living room down to my basement because I was worried that my kids may accidentally fall down when playing in the living room . I considered all of the gates that were rated for use on top of stairs by amazon and even the ones that were not rated for this application . This gate looked like the easiest to install and the most durable . After installing the gate my assumptions turned out to be correct , this gate only took about 5 minutes to install . I just had to drill 4 holes and install the eye screws . The gate has a white plastic bar at the top that keeps it a little more rigid then the older expandable swing gates and it compliments my white and maple colored stair railing perfectly . The gate comes with eye bolts that are appropriate for screwing directly into wood but I screwed it into drywall on one side and they were not long enough to get through the drywall and into the studs . So I went and bought two longer eye screws for one side that were long enough to get a good hold into the studs .
 This is a great , manuverable , lighweight baby gate . It is extra long for those longer than normal enterances . Affordable as well . I really like how easy it is to move back and forth , use it or leave it open ... it 's great !
 This is the one and only gate i could find that fit my 24 inch wide doorway . it also works well in another room in my house that has a 48 inch opening . Keeps my crawling 10 month old girl out of harms way !
 We have 8 dogs so keeping them out of the room with the bird and rabbit was a must . ABle to keep them contained and the gate was sturdy and durable . Well worth the money .
 I did n't expect this gate to last more than a few months after it showed up because it seemed so flimsy . I put it up anyway because I needed a gate ASAP and much to my surprise it is still going strong after 2.5 TOUGH years of use . We use it at the top landing of our staircase and it works great . My daughter has given it many tugs and some full-on body checks and it just flexes out a bit then pops back in line . The expandable top rail prevents much sway and keeps hands from getting pinched , I would not use an accordion gate that did not have a top rail for added stability . Make sure you hang it low so no space below would allow a toddler escape.One-half star off for the metal hooks bending with use , but they have not broke at all so fingers crossed . One-half star off for clamp being a bit tough to work with one hand , but it is doable.Lets hope it lasts through our son too , he is 6 months so i will update this review as he gets older .
 Purchased two of these gates to close off rooms in the house for two 30 lb dogs . In the past I have used typical plastic baby gates which kept falling over when someone did n't prop them up properly . I did n't want a regular pet gate which most had a lower bar across the floor which would have been a tripping hazard . I have used these for a month now and they are working for me . I attached them to the door frame with eye bolts and they swing open nicely . They have a nice plastic safety cover that runs along the top so your fingers are n't in danger of getting pinched . My six year old can easily open and close them too . We actually just hook the lower portion of the gate on the eyehook and the two dogs do not go anywhere near them . They seem very sturdy even if you own a pet that would jump on them . By using the eyehook method you can actually open them by either side which is nice . I 'm very pleased with the price , free shipping , and item here on Amazon .
 We have a large door way and this product is awesome . Easy to install and keeps the two dogs well contained . I bought 2 gates and one is awesome , the others top plastic slider gets stuck and does n't slide by itself but I can get it to go over - still worth the money . Its cool I can leave the gate up and just put it against the wall vs. taking it up and down - Best part - you cant trip over any rail across the floor because there are none !!
 Exceeded my expectations . Easy to install . Also it would be easy to adapt if you want a different open/close mechanism . Looks nice and seems very sturdy .
 We use these gates , one for the stair , and one for the crib to keep the baby falling out when the crib is set up as a daybed . One thing I do n't like is the latch , which is hard to open with one hand when holding a baby . Also I like the latch more if it 's less squeeky .
 works as advertised , easy to follow directions , larger eye screws might work a little better when singing gate to walk through .
 Good gate , easy to use and install . Just what I needed to keep my pooches contained on the deck . The shipment arrived in great time and shape . Very pleased .
 I ordered this gate to keep my dogs out of one room . It 's an extra wide doorway , so I was concerned this gate might be flimsy but it 's not . It works wonderfully , is easy to attach and easy to take down to store if needed . I highly recommend this gate for wide spaces !
 This is a great quality gate and will with stand a whole lot of abuse . The only reason it is only getting 4 stars is that it is n't as wide / long as it looks like it will go and for our use of using it to guard our couch from our pug dog it wo n't work .
 We have this baby gate set up between our kitchen and dining room . It is the best baby gate . It can swing open either direction so it 's very convenient . It can also expand to various dimensions , which is great . This gate is way better than the plastic ones , and it holds up a whole lot better as well -LRB- I have had both before -RRB- .
 Gates works good . We have different widths of hallways and needed something to section off parts of the house to keep our dogs from roaming freely at different times . We bought 4 of them . A couple of the latches are hard to operate . I used these where they will be operated less often .
 This is the second of these gates we own . We 've tried other styles but our lab figured out how to open them . This is the only one we found that she ca n't get open . When it expands the bottom of the gate remains close to the floor , unlike others we tried . This makes it difficult for dogs to get their noses underneath it .
 got this with other multiple gates to wrangle in n 11 month old and it works great and actually seems to have solid construction . I 'm very impressed so far and we 've had it probably three months or so .
 These are well constructed and the painting is very well done . They are given 5 stars by my daughter and I.
 the craftsmanship is excellent , such attention to detail and quality for childrens furniture . i would like to think that it will be used for many generations to come - it is that good . the animals are handcarved and hand painted , the chairs are very stable and sturdy - i perch on one while colouring in with my little boy and it is fine . in fact the whole guidecraft safari -LRB- i am sure the other themes are just as good but we only have safari items -RRB- range is superb
 This was a gift for our daughter 's first birthday . It is very cute and well constructed . However , some of the hardware was defective . With a simple run to the hardware store we were able to put it together completely . Our daughter loves the little engraved animals on the table and chairs , she is constantly touching and pointing to them . It 's been a big hit . She 's still a bit of a clumsy walker , so you have to be careful about potential head bonking ! I imagine it would be perfect for a 2 year old .
 Beautiful table and chairs , I just wish the set came with 4 chairs and not just 2 . I 'm going to buy extra 2 chairs ...
 This top quality table set is made of sturdy , thick , real wood construction that is strong and firm , with beautiful detailing . The animals are not just painted on , but hand carved . The table is a good size for 2-6 year olds and large enough for four little ones to have plenty of room for drawing , coloring , or crafts , so get the extra chairs if several kids will be around to use it . Our two chairs had a different animal on the seat , so playdate pals can pick `` their favorite chair '' . The chairs are also balanced very well and are not easy to tip over when sitting -LRB- or standing -RRB- on them . In the center of the table is a secret compartment - the `` sun '' easily lifts off and the cloth pouch underneath provides ample space for crayons and favorite toys . We now have the entire line and all are sturdy and easy to put together -LRB- in less than 10 minutes with a power drill -RRB- , but also easy to assemble with just a screwdriver . And Guidecraft backs their product . We needed to replace a part on another Safari item we bought -LRB- that we broke , not Guidecraft 's fault -RRB- and after one phone call -LRB- to a real person -RRB- we were sent the new part within a week at no charge for the part or even for shipping ! We love this heirloom set and it will be in our family for decades . -LRB- See also the coordinating bookrack , step stool , toy chest , rocking chair , and director 's chair , which we also bought . -RRB-
 I got this for my grandson who was about one when I got it and is now two . I do n't think he misses a day playing on it . He sits and stands in the chairs and on the table , although standing on either is obviously to be discouraged . He probably weighs 33 pounds now and the set is just as sturdy now as when first assembled . The little hole in the middle has a fabric container that does n't hold up to a child climbing into it , but it was n't designed to hold that much weight . An adult can sit on the chairs without problem.As you can perhaps see , my grandson is an adventuresome boy and this set has taken all he has been able to dish out so far . I believe it will take anything else he has in store for it . Certainly , a young child needs to be watched with an item he or she can climb on and perhaps fall from . No item can relieve you from the need to be watchful with a young one .
 A year ago I bought the safari toy chest for my new grandson and thought WOW ! what a great piece of furniture so for Christmas I bought him the safari table and chairs . It is absolutely beautiful and the workmanship is way far above what I ever expected . These are heirloom quality pieces . P.S. Quick shipment too !
 The Safari Table and Chairs Set arrived in just a few days . The quality and colors are fabulous . I ca n't wait to give this to my grandaughter for Christmas.The only issue we had was that the box had a hole in it . The UPS driver dropped the box off and had the insite to come back from his truck and let us know he thought the package of hardware may have fallen out of our box . We appreciated he did , because sure enough , they were for our set.Thank you to this seller ... we love the table and chairs .
 We bought this set back in 2006 and 6 years and 4 kids later it is still going strong . It is so stylish and people are always asking me where I got it . It is so solid and sturdy - surviving being climbed all over and in -LRB- our oldest loved sitting in the secret compartment , which I do n't recommend ! -RRB- and colored on -LRB- it wipes off easily and the finish and paint has stayed nice -RRB- and is still used every day . I saw the one negative review but I 'm not sure what happened there . Our legs are solid wood and very sturdy and we 've never had issues . Sometimes the buttons -LRB- that cover the screw holes -RRB- pop out but that is only cosmetic . We paid more than this for the set -LRB- and added 2 chairs as well -RRB- so this is a great deal . You will not be disappointed !
 I love this adorable set . It looks wonderful and you can even buy mathching pieces . This is something I am proud to own and look forward to keeping it around for years and then passing on to my grandkids ! It feels sturdy enough for me to sit down too with my 3 year old son.We scratched a chair leg almost instantly and when I emailed Guidecraft about touchup paint , they sent me a brand new leg free of charge . WOW that 's customer service !
 I bought this gate for our home after we had our first child and it has worked fantastic . It is very easy to install . I now just purchased a second gate and a seperate extension for use in another area ! Highly recomend this one !
 This gate is amazingly easy to install . I wanted a pressure-mount gate so it could easily moved to different locations in the house , and this one is PERFECT ! The auto-close feature is also wonderful . My 5 year old does n't have to put much effort into making sure the gate is closed , to keep her baby sister safe!I highly recommend this gate !
 Just wanted to let everyone know ... the first review says Penney 's 3 piece set saves you $ 50 ... No , it does n't . Penney 's has a 3-piece set for $ 129.99 and Babies R Us has a 6 piece set for $ 179.99 ! You get 3 more things for $ 50 , including a crib ruffle that is $ 39.99 at Penney 's , and a diaper stacker that is probably at least $ 19.99 !!! Make sure you check your prices and items includes , because this is certainly a better deal !
 I do n't beleive anyone will dispute that the barnyard bedding set is just beautiful , and can be used for a boy or a girl.I absolutely fell in love with it at babies r us , and kept going back to it over and over again . I found one place online `` dreamtimebaby.com '' , which has a wider selection that babies ' r us , and unless the price has changed since my purchase , had a much reasonable prices for all items in this collection.If you love this line , try dreamtime first .
 I own the pink and gray triumph . I only wish I had it for my son . He is now 4 almost five . My daughter just turned 14 months . I had the combi for my son and a cheap umbrella stroller . Neither reclined and his head slumped for ward when he fell asleep . I used the combi for my daughter when we took train to Manhattan because we needed something we could carry . She did not sleep well because she ca n't sleep slumped over . She is a very high needs baby . Well she loves the Maclaren , she gets in it herself . She naps so easy in it . It is an easy fold , has a strap a better basket than the combi , 5 point harness which is important if your baby is an escape artist like mine . My son wants his own because he said it is so comfortable . I highly recommend this stroller .
 I can leave my hello kitty lamp on for 12 hours it never burned a hole in the shade ! it gives off a lot of light !
 I have had this lamp for 2 yrs and it hasnt burnt a hole in the shade . The other day my neice was here and I left it on over night and nothing happend to the shade . So I would say buy it because its a good lamp and its not one of those cheap lamps that works when it wants to .
 Is more pretty than functional , it goes well with my future baby room decoration , is really cute and girly , I love it .
 I 've had this lamp since I was 5 -LRB- 7 years -RRB- and absolutly nothing has happened to it!IT gives off a lot of light too!I reccomend that you get this lamp ! : -RRB-
 this is a great little lamp , so far there has not been a hole burnt into the shade . that sometimes happens if you use the wrong watt lightbulb , do n't use higher than a 60 . this lamp is sort of flimsy , it is very light-weight but it is great for a child . it gives off a very soft , nice pink light . the cord is a little too short though . but its a very cute lamp and works well !
 iv had this lamp since i wuz like 7 and now im 12 i still love it it duznt match anything im my room but i still love it even my old 3/4 grade teacher loves hello kitty hello kitty is for everyone and this lamp ROCKS !
 I got this Moses basket as a present , and I am so happy with it . I got this great stand Easy-to-Fold Rocking Moses Basket Stand - in White to go along with it . I can always detach the basket from the stand , which is very convenient for me to carry in and out of the car , and all around .
 Whoever created these sheets is a genius . I love that the bottom is fitted so it does n't come untucked and stays put better for my toddler . The material is thinner than I would like , but it seems to be enough for my son during hot summers . He also does n't kick this off like with heavier blankets . I decided to buy more .
 This product is beautiful and easy to put together . The wheels lock . I was able to embellish it with ribbons and kick pleats that match my nursery theme . The only thing I would change is that the little mattress it comes with is very thin .
 The bassinet arrived earlier than expected delivery time , was very easy to assemble and is simply gorgeous ! People think I spent a fortune on it , I have to actually pull up the Amazon page on it to prove I did n't . I ca n't wait to see my little one sleeping in it.As for the mattress thickness , I believe it 's just fine , as I have had 3 other bassinets with my older children , it is exactly what I expect from a bassinet mattress . In addition , for anyone using a movement monitor that is placed beneath the mattress there is no need for additional wood or cardboard beneath it -LRB- as you 'd put in a crib -RRB- with this as the base is solid wood.As a matter of fact , compared to other bassinets I 've owned , this one is by far the most sturdy and well built .
 It is perfectly adorable . Just what I wanted . It visually made me very happy to see my sweet little baby in it . It was the perfect size , safe , and it has wheels so I could roll it anywhere I wanted and I could always keep an eye . I have now passed it on , and his cousin has enjoyed it , with his mom being equally thrilled .
 Pros
 Came quickly and was the right color . Had a broken piece but was really impressed the company included replacement pieces
 This is a beautiful piece of furniture that will last for a long time . The assembly is easy . The linens are nice , although I highly recommend washing everything and pressing it all . The sheet some people have complained about , but I think it 's fine . There is no middle seam either as some have reported , and it fits the mattress well . The ONLY thing I 'd change if I could would be getting casters that lock in place . It does n't move around a lot at all , but it would be nice to have casters that lock . Alternatively you could just forgo installing the casters if you wanted it to be stationary . The oval is a nice shape for baby and is a good size . The storage space underneath is a good size for a boppy pillow .
 We just got the bassinet today and I was able to set up in about 20 minutes . For the most part everything went smoothly although I did have a little issue with one stubborn screw for a wheel but all is good . The shelf under was n't what I pictured , it is a lot smaller and square . There is one screw that is visable whent he whole thing is set up and if they constructed it again , it would be nice if it had a white plug over as it stands out and it is a part that is already to put together when you get it . Mattress is thin but it is basically a standard bassinet mattress pad . I think it will do great for a bassinet in the living room . This is our 3rd child and our firt girl and we just wanted a place to put her where she wouldnt get trampled by 2 little boys .
 I bought this when it was offered at a steal price and very happy with the product n quality .
 Oohhh I love my husband , and he decided to put this bassinet together for me while I was out one day . He got about halfway and then realized he did n't know where I wanted to put it so he had to call , and sure enough , he was on the wrong floor ! This is too wide to get through our doorways ! He had to take it apart and start over . SO-make sure you put it together in the room it belongs in : -RRB- It is very sweet , we used it until our baby was 6 months old-she started to peak her head over the edge so it was time to say bye-bye to the bassinet !
 THE ITEM WAS EVERY THING THE PICTURE SHOWED IT TO BEVERY HAPPY WITH THE BADGER BASKET ELITE OVAL BABY BASSINET , CHERRY WITH WHITE EYELET .
 the canopy dose not stand straight but that i miner thing that can be fixed happy with my item thanks
 Love the bassinet , it 's very cute . Sturdier then the average plastic bassinet . Very easy to assemble . Wish the weight limit was a bit higher .
 I was happy to find these sheets . I had a hard time finding toddler sets after looking in quite a few places . I wanted 100 % cotton , but these feel just as good . I recommend them !
 after looking for a sheet for my son 's bed for quite some time , I finally found this sheet , it was the only one I could find that did n't also come with the fitted sheet . It is very reasonably priced and good quality , exactly what I was looking for !
 My son has a Lightning McQueen toddler bed with a set of Disney CARS toddler sheets . the top sheet was n't long enough , so I bought this top sheet in a light blue color to go with his set in place of the short top sheet . This sheet fits the toddler bed very well . The fitted end is nice to tuck over the corners at the foot of the bed . My only complaint is that the sheet is not as thick or as soft as his CARS set of sheets . This sheet is a little scratchy and is n't of the highest quality . However , I am just glad to finally find something that fits .
 I am doing a ` surfer ' room for my boys and this matched the other decorations I was adding . These are super easy to use and if you want to move them around , they peel right off and then stick back whereever you place them . My boys love them !
 These are cute but the variety within the pack is somewhat limited . Also I used them on different surfaces , like paint , wood , plastic , etc. . I have to keep pressing the ones on the wood back down . But they are cute in my Florida-themed bathroom
 wife remodeled the kids bathroom it was very easy and inexpensive and its decoration he cant break how can it be bad
 -LSB- THIS REVIEW HAS BEEN EDITED BELOW . I 'D DOWNGRADE THIS FROM 4 STARS TO 2 IF I COULD . -RSB- managing dirty diapers was one of my greatest fears , but one gets used to it . -LRB- i was so phobic about diapers that i had my partner change almost all the diapers in the first month of our baby 's life , but babies have a gentle way to introduce you into parenthood . -RRB- i finally got brave and got these and am satisfied enough to continue.PROS : - they 're designed/sewn to dry faster in the dryer . - the price is awesome ! it 's cheaper than other all-in-ones and even pocket diapers and fitted ones . - it 's very easy to use , quite similar to disposables . - 100 % cotton ! this makes the diaper not as dry like fleece or microfibers , but i 'm all about natural fibers . i change my baby 's diapers very often - even if the diaper feels dry , how would you like it if you had to sit in your soiled undies ??! - the waterproofing cover does seem breathable - not so plastic/vinyl/rubber-like . CONS : - IT LEAKS ! this is a big minus because the diapers do n't fit super-tight . HOWEVER , i think it seems to leak because these do n't hold as much as disposables . - yep , they do n't hold much at all , so i do n't recommend these for overnights or lengthy naps . - since they get saturated quickly , you have to change your baby very , very often . - the one-size-fits-all idea is a bit of a stretch since it seems tougher to fit newborns.despite the leaking , i 'm really glad that i got the nerve to try these because i was sooooo scared of all the pee and poo . the leaking issue is a sacrifice for wanting to diaper in 100 % cotton instead of microfleece . since i was already removing the solid # 2s into the toilet with the disposables -LRB- you 're supposed to do that -RRB- , it was n't a big deal . -LRB- i recommend flushable liners to make it even easier . -RRB- i get icky about wiping my own -LSB- ... -RSB- , so if i can use cloth , anyone can . -LSB- EDITED ON 12/31/2008 -RSB- i 've used these for quite some time , and my partially potty-trained baby leaks almost everyday . i attribute this to the combo of the diapers not being absorbent and them not fitting as snugly as other kinds . i wish there were better 100 % cotton diapers out there , but it 's very annoying , esp when i have to wash all the sheets . i would 've given these 3 stars , but when i wrote a 3-star -LRB- average -RRB- review on the company 's website about the leakage issue , they removed my review , so visitors only see the perfect 5-star reviews . NOT cool at all .
 We 've been using this table for about 2 months , and it is awesome . The shape is neat but also functional . Since there are no cabinets , everything is open and easily available , which is a necessary convenience for this kind of furniture.Yes , it 's expensive , but baby stuff usually is . At least this does n't look like crap , too . If you have n't realized this yet , I 'll let you in on a dirty little secret
 The bedding set I ordered arrived earlier than expected . The Gingham Cradle Bedding and extra sheets I ordered are gorgeous and soft . Would suggest you purchase lots of extra sheets ... I bought only one first and came back for more after my baby was a week old ! aBaby even has them in the matching ginghams .
 I only used the apricot baby oil , the cute yellow comb and the lotion so far . Apricot baby oil is just fantastic ! I applied it mostly to the diaper area of my baby who has a very sensitive skin and the skin never got red as long as I used the oil . I ran out of the oil quickly and used other good quality oils , but it is not comparible.The smell is heaven , the consistence is very good , for sensitive skin , it 's the best ... I newly bought original size.The comb and the lotion are also good.I look forward to using the shampoo ...
 The diaper creme worked wonders for my daughter -- overnight effects ! So it was worth it to try this pack to find even one product we love . The others are just fine too , but we ended up buying a huge tube of the diaper creme .
 This item is TINY . Make sure to take a look at the size proportions before buying . This is much more like a sample set .
 I 'm addicted to using Burt 's Baby Bee products on my baby ! They smell wonderful . I 've liked every product . I do recommend getting the tear free shampoo/body wash once your baby gets a full head of hair and is prone to getting shampoo in his/her eyes . Ca n't say enough great about these items . I always hand them out at baby showers .
 I purchased this product for a friend but she loved it and said that was definitely a good gift . So I guess I would recommend it !
 I am so grateful that I received these products at my shower.They are so gentle and natural with a lovely smell.We only use Burt 's on our beautiful Kai .
 We use this stuff religiously . It has the softest , sweetest smell and is great . the soap will not dry out your skin like most , and the milk bath blows away all other bath beads/powders . the oil is the perfect after bath moisturizer and the lotion really lasts . this is a great way to try it all out .
 Burt had a great idea in assembling his baby products into a trial size kit . I 've tried them all on my 5-month-old and both of us love them . The sampler kit is a great way to try the entire line . One of the best items in the kit is the Buttermilk Bath Powder ! I love the way my baby smells after her bath.You can also keep this kit in mind as part of a shower gift .
 I have 3 diaper bags and have a starter kit in each ! The vinyl zipper bag makes the kit worry and mess free , and you can easily refill the lotion and oil bottles . The products are all natural and not tested on animals . They work great and smell great -LRB- except diaper ointment which smells like diaper ointment -RRB- . The shampoo bar is very handy for travel but I reccomend keeping a plastic bag in the kit to put the bar in after use.Great kit for travel , smells great , keeps baby 's skin soft and healthy .
 I used these Burt 's Bees items to decorate a `` bee '' themed diaper cake that I made for my daughter-in-law 's baby shower . They were the perfect size and she will have the products to try once the baby is born .
 I purchased this before I had my son . He is almost 3 yo now . I have never used any other porduct line on my son . I 'm an esthetician and nothing else I have come across is as good as this for babies . Even my doc agreed that the diaper onitment is better then anything else . My son gets very dry and everything from the wash to the oil works great ! The powder is talc free which is great b/c talc is a carcinogen ... you dont want to be breathing it in . Also the powder works great as a dry shampoo for mommy !! You should also try Smith 's Rose Bud Salve ... its the only thing that heals and soothes my sons chapped cheeks .
 I 'm a huge fan of Burt 's Bees products and these are no exception . The oil is especially great for newborns during the winter .
 Bought this for my sister-in-law for her birthday . The products smell fantastic and are gentle on her son 's skin . She loved it ! : D
 Just love Burt 's Bees ! Pretty much all their stuff rocks , so ya ca n't go wrong with it . This was a good price for it , too .
 I love these `` Baby Bee '' products , and this set is the perfect add-on gift for a baby shower ...
 This stroller looks great an maneuvers easily . When I had my second daughter one year after the first , I bought a much cheaper side by side umbrella double stroller made by Jeep and although it was nice and light I rarely used it because it waa so hard to maneuver . I also had the eddie bauer single stroller model and liked it and was very pleased when I found this double model . My girls are now 2.5 & 1.5 and they both fit comfortably in either seat . They 're big girls too about 30 - 35 lbs each . The fact that the front seat rotates so they can face each other and play is pretty cool too .
 But , as far as double strollers go , this one is one of the best for my needs . I have gone through many strollers , I now keep this one for the walks in the neighborhood and my Chicco C5 in the vehicle .
 I LOVE this set !! The hard plastic case keeps things from being broken/lost if bounced or dropped -LRB- I have a 5 yr old who is very inquisitive and likes to see all his sister 's stuff -RRB- . If the items are in the case properly , each snaps into it 's own hole and stays there until you take it out.I love the fingernail clippers with magnifying glass -- it makes cutting those tiny little nails easier -- what a wonderful idea . Amazing someone did n't think of it sooner . I do n't use the emery boards for her fingernails . If cut properly , I do n't need them , but they are nice to have in a pinch for myself.The tweezers , again with a magnifying glass , are probably the best things I 've ever owned !! I do n't use them so much with the baby , but use them quite a bit for my 5 yr old who is forever getting a splinter from something . We 've used them for ourselves , too , to remove bee stingers . They may not have a use for newborn , but will be EXTREMELY useful later on.The brush and comb are just that , a brush & comb with a very nice rubbery handle that makes them easy to hold -- not cheap plastic like most.I have n't had the opportunity to use the medicine dropper so I do n't know how it will work . Based on my other experiences with Safety First products , I do n't imagine it 'll be a problem . One thing I did learn READ THE DIRECTIONS and things truly do work much better !! The thermometer is easy to use & read . I 've -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- had opportunity to use it more than once and while I HATE using a rectal thermometer , with a newborn , it is the best . This can be used rectal , underarm , or mouth . Of course , now that it 's been used rectally , it will remain a rectal thermometer . I think it 's wonderful , though , to have the options of how you want to use it without purchasing a type-specific thermometer.This is a great set for children of any ages . I received it as a shower gift and my best friend has my gratitude !! I LOVE IT !!
 It 's a great item to have , but all the stuff inside is n't properly secured . :--RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is the most wonderful and handy kit I have ever had . Everything about it was perfectly made from the iteams inside to the case , it is just wonderful !!!!
 I like the items this kit contains . They are all helpful and can be used until your baby is a toddler . The only thing I do n't like about this kit is that there really is n't a handle to hold it with and it is kind of bulky but other than that its great . The nail clippers and tweezers have a magnifying glass on them which makes it much easier for clipping babies nails . I would recommend this product to others .
 We got this as one of our shower gift . It is very nice and has everything you need . I like the hard case because it is durable . I really like the the finger nail clippers the best . We use the brush and comb a lot also . I think it is reasonably price and has everything you need .
 this product is workin darn good for me . ya so what a couple things fall out of place you people act like your kids toy box stays organized . there are only 12 pieces in there its not that hard to sort through and put them back in their respective slots . and the handle issue ... grab it by the bottom ... ur an adult you dont need a lunch pale anymore ... and the person crying about it not staying securely latched get creative and shove a little tape behind the clip ... it will stay extended and lock in place ... good product ... good price ... what more can you ask for . .
 Everything necessary to keep baby well groomed and healthy in a convenient carrying case . This is a perfect baby shower gift . Every `` Mom '' should have one .
 i bought this for a gift for someone who was surprised by the sex of their baby . room looks amazing for boy or girl .
 Love it !! It matches the bedding perfectly ! The baby is due December 6 , so we 'll get to test it then . The crib has wide upper rails , so it does n't attach like it 's designed . But , we 're able to get it on there anyway and it looks great . Definitely recommend this addition to the bedding set !
 My daughter was doing her nursery in brown/pink/white without a theme . This mobile fit in perfectly . It had a cover for the steam leading from mobile to where it was attached on the bed which was very nice .
 I was having a difficult time trying to find any type of dragonfly themed items for the nursery . After I found the bedding on Amazon , the price seemed great for the matching mobile .
 The mobile is very cute , but we hate the musicbox . When we went to attach it to the crib , the muiscbox fell off the arm and landed in the crib . The song sounds horrible on it because it is way too high pitched . We took the musicbox off and just attached the mobile part to the arm and it looks great .
 Jojo 's green dragonfly mobile is a delight in the nursery -- it 's simple design of four polyester filled stars and a tiny ruffle is hardly worth the $ 45 total price tag -- but what can I say -- it 's for my first grandchild !
 I like this a lot . My daughter loves the song it plays . The only draw back is the way the mobile attaches . It is just a little hook . I do n't know how other ones work .
 This is a nice piece to the set , but it requires some assembly ... nothing too difficult , but if you do not like to put things together , the cost may be too high considering the work you have to put into it . I recommend it , along with the entire set .
 The product was exactly what we ordered . It ended up not being what my daughter wanted and I had to return it unfortuantely . But upon calling for this item to be returned I was pleansantly surprised at how easy they made it for me.Thank you very much and I will shop with you again ! Sharon
 ordered mobile to go with crib set , its beautiful , colors are light & perfect for a little girls crib .
 Unable to give 5 stars due to not using product myself . It was bought as a gift and while the parents love it I dont have anyway to judge durability or how it functions . But if they love it thats all I cared about .
 This was easy to put together , I did it myself in about 3 minutes and it was easy to attach to the crib . We are expecting our daughter in 4 days so we will see if she likes it .
 Being a mother of three I have a collection on pumps , this one is definitely my favorite . I also own the Pump in Style which I used a lot while working with my second one . The harmony is fo course not as quick to pump as the Pump in Stye because it only pumps one side at a time but it is very comfortable . When purchasing this pump I was not able to find reviews comparing it to the Isis . I used an Isis pump with my second child when I just needed to relieve engorgement or had sore nipples as it was very gentle but there are sooo many parts . When I took it out of storage with my third child the parts started breaking . How does the Isis compare to the Harmony . The Harmony wins hands down . The handle of the Harmony is repositionable making it much more comfortable to pump . It also had two suction modes , one mimics you baby 's sucking prior to milk let-down and the other after . The helps your milk let down quicker than with the Isis . The breast shield on the Isis is more comfortable than the Medela but you can use the regular breast shields and the Isis petal will fit on it if you prefer . I am definitely glad I made this investment and would recommend this to anyone needing a manual pump for occasional use over any other manual I have tried .
 I bought a Medela electric pump first , but wanted a second pump for traveling -LRB- which I do quite a bit of - mostly driving , -RRB- and for use at work . Mostly I decided to try the hand pump just because of cost , but also because it is easy to use in more public places . You can take a manual pump into the bathroom and pump if needed , and pump discretely - no loud motor , no worry about cords or batteries . But the end result of this purchase is that I actually like the manual pump better than the electric . I 've found that it is easier on my breasts -LRB- less painful -RRB- , it actually works pretty quickly - as quickly as when I only did one side at a time with the electric - it is SOOO much easier to clean than the electrics -LRB- fewer parts , no motor to remove , etc. -RRB- , and it definitely achives the goal of being discrete and usable while on the go . The only problem I 've had is with a little leaking -LRB- but I get plenty of milk , just loose a little -RRB- . Most of the leaking is just around the top edge of the bottle , and usually happens because I tilt the unit up to -LRB- greedily -RRB- get the last few drops hanging on the cup . But I am very happy with this unit , and would definitely get it again !
 I have purchased the Medela electric pump -LRB- ... -RRB- . I used it for exactly 1 year while working . Although the pump was beneficial to my baby and I , I felt carrying the big laptop size bag too inconvenient . I recently purchased the Harmony breastpump for my second child and realized how amazing this pump is . Not only does it pump perfectly but it was quite comfortable to say the least . The amount of milk I am able to extract is the same or more . THe handles and shield covering the breast area is soft and managable . I take the pump on vacations , long car rides , and other events that keep me away from my baby . I have been recommending this pump to people . It truely is a life saver for me .
 My husband bought this pump for me a few days after our daughter was born . I was n't sure my milk had come in and the pediatrician suggested getting a pump to check , so I sent him out to Babies R Us -- he 's an engineer and liked the design of this one ! After a few days , I put it away , as I also got a Pump in Style , which I 've used since I went back to work when my daughter was 3 months old . The PIS is a terrific pump for full time pumping , but I recently got out the Harmony to give it another try . It 's very comfortable , and often I can get just as much if not more milk from the Harmony than from the PIS . And there are less parts and less hassle ! I think it 's a great little manual pump . The only complaint is with the little bit of leaking from the bottom of the horn that the other reviewers talked about . But if I lean over and make sure to have a paper towel to wipe out the bottom of the horn right away it 's fine . I use this sometimes now at work when I do n't feel like dragging out the PIS , or to do a mini pumping session right when i get into the office , or to do one before i go to bed . It 's also great for travel -- business and otherwise -- when you are at client site and can only escape to the rest room for a few minutes to pump . I highly recommend it !
 I received this pump while in the hospital having latch problems . I received the Avent Isis as a shower gift . I must say that the Harmony is a MUCH better pump than the Isis . This pump is very easy to use and clean ... not too many moving parts and it is comfortable on my breasts . I 'd suggest getting this pump over the Isis any day . It will `` leak '' from the bottom IF you do n't use it properly -LRB- according to the manual -RRB- . I 've found just by tilting it a little I can stop all leaking .
 I love the Harmony breastpump ! It works fast and easy . Finally someone figured out that the shield should be flexible instead of hard plastic , making it more comfortable to use . I 'd been using the Avent Isis and loved it but this pump is just as good and may even been a bit better ! The swivel handle is a wonderful convenience feature too .
 At first I was overwhelmed with all the pumps that are out there-electric , manual , dual , etc. . This is the only pump I 've ever used and was very pleased . It is low cost and perfect for the breast-feeding mom who wants to pump every once in awhile . It is very easy to use and clean . I really love that it has a & quot ; let-down & quot ; pump that helps when you first begin to pump . After a minute I got a steady stream of milk flowing so I did n't have to sit there and pump and pump and pump . I can pump about 6 ounces in 10 min . It really is efficient . The only thing I do n't like is that it sometimes leaks where the pump screws on to the bottle . other than that I really am satisfied with this pump !
 I have the electric Pump-In-Style and I prefer to use the Harmony 9 times out of 10 . It 's very quick to set up , easy to use and easy to clean . I think it works as well as the electric , but if you 're pumping constantly throughout the day , the electric would be better for you . I 'm a stay at home mom and I only need to pump occassionally -LRB- nights out away from baby , during naps to stock milk supply in freezer , etc -RRB- and I think this pump works perfectly !
 I bought this pump just to use for occasional outings and short babysits and that 's exactly what this is for . This pump works really well for a manual pump , it 's better than the The First Years or Evenflo electric pumps . It does n't lose suction or leak if you hold it the right way and it 's easy to clean . I recommend this pump only for short-term purposes .
 I tried to update this to a 5 star rating ! I gave it 2 stars , then 4 stars , but over time I have grown to like it ever more ! I had some frustrations with this pump early on , but it is the only pump I have ever used so I do n't know how I would feel about any other pump . Since I stay home with my baby and only pump on occasion , this pump works very well . Once I quit being nervous and/or really rushed about pumping , this is easy to use . I try to clean and assemble mine between uses so that it is ready to go for the next time . I use Platex drop in liners with an attachment that Platex to attach them to the pump . I highly recommend the Medela steam cleaning bags to clean the pump parts , as well as bottle nipples and such . They give a thorough and quick cleaning in the microwave . Anyway , I am glad that I did n't spend major bucks on an electric pump because this small , easy to use pump is really all I need and I am -LRB- now -RRB- very pleased with it !
 I bought this pump after my baby was born in July 2007 . Since I exclusively breastfeed and am a stay at home mom , I only used this pump once a week , sometimes twice a week . This pump is great for people who have never used a pump before or who want to try out a manual pump , both applied to me . It was very easy to use . There are two pumping phases , a let down and regular , Although I hardly needed the let down pumping phase -LRB- some mothers wo n't need it -RRB- , it did come in handy on a few occasions and made pumping easy and pain-free . A lot of complaints I read about other manual pumps are that they are messy and/or painful . The mess was very minimal and the pain non-existent . The parts were also fairly easy to clean . The only down side was that the pump lost the suction completely . Make sure you clean this pump as soon as you 're done using this -LRB- the wipes that came with it work fine especially if you 're on the go ! -RRB- Overall , this pump worked great until it lost suction !
 I got this for free from my hospital ! I was using the electric ones in the hospital and that one got out alot of milk ! So I went home with this one and it worked out perfect ! I ended up buying a electric one and no matter how low I turned down the suction on my electric one it tore my nipples ! Plus the electic one didnt get out as much milk as this one ! I would reconmend this one over any other one ! Its the only one that worked for me !
 This pump really works for me . I work part-time , and have to pump on other occasions too , and it works well . I can usually do both sides in about 20 minutes all together . It really helps the milk let down , and gets it at a fast pace . At first , it may seem a little too strong for suction , but you get used to it . It feels a lot better than the Single Deluxe electric pump . The breast shield is also very comfortable .
 I just used this for the first time and was very happy with the results . My baby is a week old and I 've been using the Pump in Style to relieve engorgement . Although I can only do one breast at a time with this one , I got just as much milk out -LRB- 3 oz -RRB- in about the same time . It took me about 10-15 minutes -LRB- I was n't watching the clock -RRB- . It was a little bit painful but no different than the PIS . I liked the let down mode and it was helpful in getting the milk out fast . It was comfortable to hold and I like the design of the pump . I am not giving it 5 stars because I 've only used it once .
 I love this pump ! I have not used any others , so I ca n't compare , but this one is so comfortable and easy to use . I got great results from the first time . It 's very easy to clean with only a few parts to assemble each time . The handle is comfortable and adjustable . Great for infrequent or quick pumping !
 I have tried three different pumps -LRB- all electric -RRB- and this one seems to be the quickest with the most results . I first tried the Medela Electric Double Breast pump but it did not seem to suction as much milk as this manual pump . I love how easy it is to use and carry . My daughter is 4 months old and is weaning herself from me . With this pump I can still give her breast milk and know she is getting the best . The only thing I did not like is how hard it is to clean the inside parts -LRB- the area you need a Q-Tip to clean in -RRB- . If you do not soak it in very hot water all the time it will grow mold on the inside . Other than that one draw back I would recommend this pump to any first time Mommy 's who want to pump and are looking for something that is user friendly .
 My baby was born prematurely , and spent the first two weeks of his life in the NICU , and was on a bottle til he was 5.5 weeks old . Which means I was pumping constantly . I was renting a Medela Symphony , which is an absolutely wonderful pump , but the cost each month was n't practical . At 5.5 weeks I began transitioning my baby to feeding from the breast , and slowly but surely he began to get the hang of it . I ran into trouble when I had to return to school . I did n't have my pump rental anymore , but I needed something that would help me keep my supply from dropping during the times I would be away from my baby , but would be easily portable and manual too . I considered both the Avent Isis , and this pump . I 've tried out quite a few different pumps , and Medela is by far the best brand out there . What sold me on this particular pump was the Natural Expression to help with letdown . It 's similar to what the Symphony offers , so I knew that that was what I needed . This pump has worked out perfectly for us , and I could n't be happier with my decision .
 I decided before having my son - first child - that since I was going to be an at home mom and occasionally pump before leaving the house I would go with a hand pump . After my son was born I used an electric pump at the hospital and rented it for a week at home . That one week turned into 3 or 4 . I have used my Harmony hand pump and it works , is easy to clean and is definately comfortable but I was spoiled with the electric double pump . Now the manual pumping seems so tedious & my hands cramp . I have a few times had a problem with the pump popping out of place and not creating the suction but it 's been easy to fix for the most part .
 I came home from the hospital with this pump , and absolutely love it . I did n't want to buy an electric pump right away because I wanted to make sure I would have a good supply and would be comfortable nursing . When we started giving our son breastmilk in the bottle , the Harmony made it easy for me to pump without getting too sore . The fact that it mimics a baby 's sucking is a big plus . The only drawback to this , and my Medela Pump in style Traveler , is that my son will not take anything other than a Playtex natural latch nipple , and I can pump 8 oz from each breast at each session . To make it easier for us , I bought several sets of Playtex 's One Step Breastmilk storage and feeding kits . The adaptor screws right on to the pump , and I can pump right into an 8 oz liner , which can then go straight to the freezer . When my husband needs a bottle , he just drops it into warm water and when it 's thawed , puts it into a bottle . It has made life so much easier . I would highly recommend this pump , and the Medela pump in style .
 Very quiet , easy to use pump . Also did not leave me sore like another hand pump I have . I can actually express as fast or faster than an electric pump because you can adjust the speed of pumping . Also it works with most regular size bottles , so can use a 4 oz or 8 oz bottle to pump into . Only problem I had was I lost the sealing ring when washed it and had to pay for another .
 I love this pump ! I was planning on getting an electric pump when I went back to work after having my baby but someone gave me this at my baby shower so I decided to try it out . It is wonderful ! The first few times I used it were hard for me because I was n't producing enough milk yet -LRB- it was about a week after I had my baby -RRB- but I got the hang of it shortly after . I can get about 4-5oz in less than 20 minutes . It 's great because I can just pump while watching TV : -RRB-
 My only regret is the amount of money I had to spend to have items from this company shipped . Otherwise , very satisfied !
 This bag is perfect size and everything for transporting expressed milk . It holds about 6 small medela/avent bottles w / cap or about 4 with their nipples along with the icepack . The little pouch on the front it nice ... especially to put new breastmilk bags into before use . And it should hold about 2 of the bags and at least 4 bottles with caps of milk comfortably along with the ice pack . That 's perfect for pumping a few times a day while at work and then transporting home -LRB- unless you decide to do all bottles and then it would hold about 6 w / caps -RRB- .
 Perfect size . Easy to put in diaper bag or even a big purse . I keep mine in pumping machine bag and use it to transport my pumped milk home .
 This bag is perfect for carrying 4 small or 3-4 large Dr. Brown 's bottles and a jar or two of baby food . For the price , you ca n't beat it !
 If this item was shipped as pictured , this would be a 5-star review . However , this item only contains the big bottle cooler . The big bottle cooler works well and keeps my son 's bottles cold for 8 hours at a time . I purchased this item because it was shown with the bigger cooler and the single bottle tote . I tried to resolve this with customer service , but they did not fix the problem . I am happy with the product , but a little disappointed because I would also like the single bottle tote .
 I wish I had this bag with my last child . It 's great ! Although I use the skinny Medela bottles to pump in & can fit four-five in the bag . I 'm glad I bought it .
 I use it to store my frozen breast milk when out running around on hot sunny day . It keeps them frozen until I thaw them out . Fits great in diaper bag and washable .
 I actually use this bag when on the road for work to hold my Medela Harmony Pump -LRB- Medela Harmony Manual Breast Pump -RRB- and spare parts along with 2-3 bottles and ice packs . It does a great job at keeping my bottles of pumped milk cool till I return to the office or home -LRB- sometimes 8 hours or more -RRB- . An added bonus is that the bag looks like a lunch bag so clients ca n't tell what is actually in the bag . I have another one of these bags in brown with pink trim that I send with my daughter to daycare . I can easily fit in 4 medela 5 oz bottles . I usually do not put in the ice pack when sending it to daycare but can fit the 4 bottles with the ice pack , although it is a tight fit . There is n't much more to say , this bag does what it is suppose to do and helps a working mom , who spends a day or more a week traveling be able to continue to provide breastmilk to her baby .
 Great bag for transporting pumped milk to and from work every day . It is sleek and slim but large enough that it can hold multiple bottles or storage bags . Comes with a cooler bag , which can be frozen and used many times . The first bag that I ordered came with the cooler pack leaking , but I sent it back and it was promptly replaced . It 's cuter than the cooler bags that come with the typical Medela and Similac and other baby kits -- with a color accent , either baby blue or pink . Pumping every day at work can be grueling , and it 's the small things that can add a hint of fun to your day ...
 It comes with an ice pack but i found that the Medela 4 bottle ice pack works better and fits your cooler perfectly - Then you have cold around both sides and not just on the bottom , like with the ice pack it comes with.Its a good design and clips to almost anything . Its good not just for bottles , but as an upright lunchbox .
 I purchased this cooler mainly to transport expressed milk from work to home . I got the cocoa/pink one and I really like the color . The brown bag looks very discreet , but that pink lining adds a little bit of personality . The zipper on the top is great to seal in the coolness . The handles have a button so that they can snap together and hang from stroller handlebar.I fit four Medela 5oz bottles along with three ice packs , one of which came with the bag . I added two of my own , about the same size as the included one . They 're all about 5-6 inches tall and about 1 inch thick . I put two ice packs on the side and one on top of the bottles . With my setup , there 's still a little bit of room on the top -LRB- about 2-3 inches -RRB- , therefore , it 's easy for me to zip and unzip.My commute from work to home is about 30-40 minutes , and when I get home , the bottles are still nice and cool . It definitely met my expectations . This is great value for under $ 10 bucks !
 When I ordered this for my wife we were wondering if three medela bottles would fit into it or not . They fit into it with ease and the ice pack saves the milk for about 12 hours perfectly.We 've got what we need.By the way you do n't need to buy an extra ice pack as it contains a good one .
 I have two of these . One that goes to daycare with four 5 oz medela bottles and tops , the other that goes to work with me to store my expressed breastmilk . I have used both 5 days a week now for several months and have n't had any problems . I do n't use the ice pack to take the bottles to daycare as they go from my fridge to the daycare fridge and my commute one way is only 30 minutes . I do use the ice pack for the one that I take to work and it is a tight fit using caps instead of tops . Even with the tops , I can still fit 4 bottles and the icepack , just seems like the cooler is bursting at the seams.An added bonus for me is that once I no longer need these for bottles , they will make nice lunch bags . In fact in the shared fridge at work , most people have no idea what is actually inside the bag , they think it is my lunch .
 Although this says it is a 4 bottle cooler , we have never fit that many in it . If you have skinny bottles , maybe 4 would fit , but only 3 Nuk bottles will fit in this bag at a time . WIth a thin ice pack this bag is perfect for transporting milk to/from home/daycare/etc . The side pocket is nice for slipping a bib , spin , pacifier , etc into .
 This came in the mail pretty quick to me which was great . I ordered this for storing my breast milk that I will be pumping at work . Its a nice size but I would n't think it could hold as much as it says it does . But since I 'm just going to be storing milk storage bags in there I 'm not worried about it . It comes with a reusable icepack but I 'll probably be adding another one in there that way it will be colder in there . But other than that it seems to be a good bag so far .
 We take four Dr. Brown 's 4 oz . bottles to daycare in one of these everyday and it works well . Tight squeeze -LRB- but we use two ice packs , not just the one it came with -RRB- .
 This bottle cooler is awesome ! It does what it needs to do , keeps bottles cool ! Also it carried three Tommee Tipee bottles perfectly ! But I did purchase reusable ice cubes to put in it because the pack it comes with is n't enough .
 This is a quality product and is great for keeping bottles cold . Not sure why we needed to hold 4 bottles at once but that is what my wife wanted so that is what we got . We are very happy with it .
 LOVED this product , fits several bottles and a jar of baby food plus a spoon ! Hooks right on stroller or diaper bag ! Great for God parents on the go ! God Bless!Susie Hare-Albert
 Very pleased with this cooler bag . I have two of them ... one for transporting my daughter 's bottles to daycare , and one to keep my expressed breast milk . They are very roomy and durable . I can fit 4 regular bottles easily . In fact , I can fit 2 ice packs , 4 5-oz . bottles , AND my pump horns in one bag . And the loaded-up cooler bag fits easily into my pump bag , too .
 This is a great product . It is very durable and keeps about 3-4 bottles cool when we go out . It is like bringing the refrigerator with you . Highly recommended to have in your travel kit ! : -RRB-
 This is so convienient and really does house four bottles and the ice pack ! It makes planning for daily activities so much easyier cause I always have enough formula ready to go !
 Got this for a larger fit that some of our smaller coolers . With the medela icepack -LRB- labeled as `` for breastmilk storage '' I can fit 3-4 regular playtex bottles . I ca n't always seal the top , but in that case I do snap the handles together and that keeps it faily well closed for the short trip to daycare . This bag has lasted 4 years for us and although we wish it was a little bigger - it seems every bigger bag too big . We love it .
 Bought this to carry baby bottles and now I use it for lunch . Excellent , slim pack .
 we use this for daycare and it fits three bottles and his food really well . keeps everything cool and does the trick !
 Its okay . It holds my son 's bottles , but only room for two with the ice pack . It really is a matter of physics . I did n't want to carry a diaper bag and hoped to shove this in a standard backpack . It takes up a decent amount of room , but what could I expect .
 I was looking for a bag to put three 8 oz wide neck Dr. brown 's bottles in so I did n't have to put them directly in my diaper bag -LRB- just in case of spills -RRB- . So pleased with this product . I keep the water in my bottles at room temperature and do n't need the ice pack , so it takes up less space . Think if this as a glorified plastic bag and you wo n't be disappointed . I am going to purchase another one for longer day trips .
 We just hang these off a clip on the stroller and go with some ice packs . We also have a bigger bulkier version , which we hardly use .
 We use the Playtex Dropin Nursers and can really only fit 3 large bottles in this bag . Which is fine because that 's all I need for my son in daycare . But I do n't know about 4 bottles . Works great though , just small , keeps them cool & easy to carry - that 's all you need !
 Great item ! Only fits 3 nine oz Avent bottles though . -LRB- Including ice pack -RRB- . Keeps cool for many hours . Happy with product .
 I use this bag almost daily . My daughter requires `` special milk '' and I ca n't leave the house without a bottle or 2 on me . This bag keeps 4 skinny bottles or 3 wide bottles cold all day with 2 ice packs . Large sippy cups fit too with no problem . This bag slips nicely into a purse or diaper bag . I have used it as my personal lunch bag too . My tip
 This is the perfect size . Not too big - not too small . I can fit four regular sized bottles or three wide bottles in here . I can also fit my breast-pump parts . Today at work I brought three Avent -LRB- wide -RRB- bottles and my Avent Isis Manual pump and was able to fit it all in this bag along with two ice packs . It kept my milk cool for 8 hours while I was at work . I never put it in the refrigerator and it works great ! I kind of want another one . This will also be perfect when my little guy starts eating food . A great lunch bag !
 This bottle cooler serves its purpose well . It holds enough bottles to make it through the work day . The snaps make it easy to attach to the diaper bag or stroller . The pocket in front is nice , I put teething toys in there.The only thing that I would mention is that forcing in an ice pack with sharp corners -LRB- ones that are made of flexible plastic like the freebies from the drs office or the one included -RRB- can puncture the lining a little bit . The lining is pretty thick , though . As long as you are careful not to jam it in , I have n't had a problem .
 Even though I can only put two 8oz and one 4oz Dr. Brown bottles + ice pack , it is really good enough for me . It 's compact so I can put it in my shoulder bag and not feel troublesome to carry it around .
 Does n't leak , snapping handle is handy and includes an ice pack . Holds 2 or 3 bottles conviently and keeps them cold without leaking . Not much more to say , simple product that does what it 's expected .
 I love my SKIP HOP !! It was my favorite thing on my Disneyland trip ! My husband gets so mad at me . Everytime he turns around there is another diaper bag . Now he wo n't get mad cause I found THE ONE !! It is perfect for outings with my kids , or long adventures to Disneyland .
 very convenient bag , contain lots of pockets and spaces for diapers , bottles and baby clothes
 I own both the Pliko P3 -LRB- called the Priamette here in Italy -RRB- and the Aria for our second car . I now wish I bought two Arias . The stroller is far lighter than the P3 -LRB- although it does n't recline enough to be used as an infant carriage -RRB- , but fits the Viaggo infant seat perfectly , something our baby hardly ever leaves when out on the road . Yes the `` cup '' holder is small -LRB- there are no such thing as `` Big Gulps '' in Italy -RRB- , but it is designed as a bottle holder . -LRB- Unlike Americans , Italians do n't eat or drink in public -RRB- . Pluses include top quality fabric , sturdy frame , and stylish colors . Overall an outstanding stroller .
 I bought this in 2004 after our MetroLite was stolen . Our daughter was 5 months old and we needed something both comfortable and lightweight for us -LRB- in a 3rd floor walkup -RRB- . The Aria is compact and very easy to haul . My daughter never complains about going in it , and a year later pushes it over to us to say she wants a walk . The basket does hold plenty , and while the canopy is small , a generic rain cover fits fine over it . Steering has never been an issue , either , but the MetroLite was smoother . As other reviewers pointed out , the cup holder is useless . Ours is held on with duct tape . The child cupholder would be neat if it had n't popped out and disappeared . And , I ca n't figure out how to get the upholstery off to clean it . Otherwise , it is a good purchase for what it offers . We take it out several times a week and it has held up very , very well .
 I am a new mom to a little boy -LRB- 5 months now -RRB- and I am a paraplegic . That means I am in a wheelchair ALL THE TIME !! When I was pregnant I searched for every light weight stroller that I could and this was the only one easy enough to lift , fold and unfold from a sitting point.This stroller has been a lifesaver . It allows me to still have all the independance I had before having a baby . Early on , I used the GRACO snugride carseat to go with it as a travel system and I just recently started using it without the carseat.Everyone tells me they love how my sroller looks too , so it 's very stylish . = -RRB-
 I had a hard time spending what I thought was a lot for a stroller , but once I finally broke down and bought it , I was sorry I had n't gotten it earlier . At first I thought it felt a little flimsy but then realized that `` flexible '' was a better way to describe it . It 's so easy to push with one hand , which comes in handy when your trying to get through a door . I can easily swing the stroller around with one hand while opening a door with the other . It 's also super light and compact and fits nicely in my New Beetle , which I love and refuse to trade in for a minivan -LRB- forget the fact that I really have no choice and ca n't spend the money on a new car -RRB- . It would be nice if the canopy covered the sun a little -LRB- or a lot -RRB- better but I 've grown use to just using a blanket to block the sun out . My son does n't seem to mind . When I was researching strollers I did n't come across many that had very effective canopys so I just figure I 'm dealing with a problem that is not so unique to strollers . Another thing some people may not like is that the stroller seems to be a bit short . This is not a problem for my husband and I since I am only 5 ' 5 '' and he is only 5 ' 7 '' but I often wonder if someone who was 6 ' tried this stroller out would feel odd stretching their arms down so far .
 I bought the Oasis in 2007 along with the Primo Viaggio Infant Seat . I really love how lightweight the stroller is and it 's really easy to carry up and down the stairs . I do it with one hand and we live on the 2nd floor . The Primo Viaggio clicks into the stroller so it can be used from newborn to when my baby gets older . Hopefully into her toddler years . I take the stroller around our neighborhood and the sidewalks are pretty busted up . If I am careful , I can manuever it around . I would just put my foot over the bottom bar and slightly lift the stroller over the cracks and uneven partsDefinitely not a jogging stroller . This is great for grocery store , mall , paved sidewalks and such but would n't be good for grassy areas or places where the pavements are really deteriorated.Pros * super lightweight * love the aluminum frame -LRB- not cheap plastic looking like Graco . I hate Graco -RRB- * fits with the Primo Viaggio so could be used from Infancy On . * Compact enough to fit into tight areas * Easy to hold once you get the hang of it * Side handle to carry up and down the stairs -LRB- great feature if you live in a walk up -RRB- * large storage area at the bottomCons * The shade top is a joke but we fixed that with the Kiddopatamus Sun Shade and it fits perfectly with Over the Aria.RayShade UV Protective Stroller Shade Improves Sun Protection for Strollers , Joggers and Prams Black * The sticker with the Aria logo came off and the customer service said we would have to pay for it $ 15 each arm -LRB- not the greatest customer service -RRB- * the cup holder is useless . * it 's hard to reach into the storage bin when the Primo Viaggio is clicked on or when the seat is all the way downOverall I would recommend this stroller provided you do n't have real high expectaction of it . . Like a bugaboo or higher end strollers with suspension system.This would be a great 2nd stroller or if you plan on babywearing most of the time .
 I ordered this product to carry my two month old 's Graco SnugRide car seat -LRB- and base -RRB- . I planned on checking this piece of luggage and wanted to protect the seat and liner from dirt/damage . The seat and base fit perfectly and I still had room to throw in diapers , etc. . The padding is really nice and this worked great . AND from what I have read , this bag should continue to work as we move up to a larger seat . BUT I will say that the bag is really large and bulky , so I would n't reccomend trying to carry it through security for gate checking , if that is your plan .
 It fits the base and the car seat , and other baby toy stuff inside , easy to carry as a back pack , I recommend !
 It 's awesome , sturdy and comfortable . Read through all the reviews and I do n't understand the bad ones .
 This bag works great for travel . It makes it easier to carry a bunch of baby stuff because you can wear it like a backpack . It may be a bit cumbersome for petit women , but it should be good for most dads -LRB- It is not a small pack -RRB- . The best part is that you can stuff coats or other light , bulky items in there for transport . A great purchase to protect your car seat and base .
 This bag is fantastic -- well designed with thick padding and sturdy material . The packpack-style straps are padded and very convenient.I first bought the Safe Fit Carseat Tote -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- from my local mass baby store and was dissatisfied -- the fabric was flimsy and the bag was too small to hold my Britax Boulevard . This is a much better choice for Britax owners.Amazon also had the best deal around -- free shipping , plus it cost $ 12 less than the same product at that ubiquitous baby store I mentioned above .
 I chose this bag after examining many others both physically and via reviews . What I like
 I have a Britax Roundabout , and I needed some way to carry it through the airport by myself with an infant . I was so happy with my decision to gate check the car seat since the rest of my luggage got lost at my destination ! Using this backpack style travel bag was the easiest way for me to get around the airport while pushing a stroller & carrying a diaper bag and purse on my shoulder . Sure , it felt like I had an extra person on my back with all the room it took up , but there was no way I could have done it alone without this great invention ! As other reviewers have said , there was extra room in the bag to hold light items , such as sweaters or jackets . I recommend keeping the `` extra '' stuff light because it 's already heavy enough carrying the car seat on your back . Overall , I highly recommend this bag , especially to parents traveling alone with your infant !
 We have been through 2 bags for carseats , this being the third and final !! Do n't make our mistake , this should be your first and only choice ! Nicely padded , excellent craftmanship , perfect to backpack through the airport .
 Based on the reviews , I recently bought this bag for a cross-country trip , 4 flights in all , and it held up very well . As far as I can tell the car seat is n't the worse for wear.I was n't sure if an infant rear-facing car seat and its base would fit , but it did , with room to carry extra supplies.I was even able to load the car seat in while the baby was asleep in it , then zip the bag part-way up to keep him warm while we were waiting for dad at the airport !
 I was very pleased with this backpack , as it served it 's purpose to keep me hands free in order to juggle the 50 other things when traveling with a little one . It was easy to stuff the seat inside , due to the two sided zipper which allows you to access from the front . It held up great through bag check and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a travel solution for your car seat . I have the Britax Roundabout . It is a little akward with the weight distribution , as mentioned in some other reviews , but well worth the $ $ .
 We used this for our recent trip to HI . With our flight , our sons bag was free so I stuffed the whole bag with stuff -LRB- extra towels , diapers , wipes , toys , shoes -RRB- . Only problem with that is the car seat would dig into my back when I was carrying it like a backpack . Super durable and kept everything inside super clean . I saw other car seat bags at baggage claim and some where ripped open at the zipper , cut through the material , not this one . I would buy again !
 We purchased this to use on our first flight traveling with our 16 month old . So glad we bought this bag for gate check , especially after witnessing the airline personnel dragging the bag behind him after unloading from the plane to bring up to us . The bag survived with minimal damage , the seam ripped 1in horizontally exposing the padding , but the car seat incurred no damage ! The backpack straps made for easy and comfortable transporting through the airport . All but the front flap have padding to better protect the car seat . If you are looking to travel with your car seat , this should be the travel bag you purchase . I gave 5 stars even though the seam ripped . Not a very big deal as it is most likely not made for dragging on cement . The rip is easily repairable and did not rip to expose any of the car seat .
 It was a great idea to bring our carseat on vacation and this cover was a great way of carrying it . Survived two rounds of being checked . Made it very easy for my husband to transport seat and have his hands free for two other suitcases .
 I have only used the product once and did have problems with one zipper but there are 2 and the second one worked just fine . Hoping this product will last several more airplane trips .
 As always , it arrived quickly from Amazon . My wife was having to travel by herself for the first time with our 6 month old . Since she was renting a car where she was headed to , she wanted to take our car seat instead of renting one -LRB- read the horror stories online ! -RRB- . This fit perfectly and was comfortable to wear -LRB- as comfortable as a 40lb car seat stuffed into a bag could be -RRB- . Highly recommended and it will be getting plenty of use in the future ! A must for any parent traveling with a child that needs a car seat at their destination .
 We own a First Years True Fit C670 Premier which is a very large seat and I had concerns that it would not fit this carry bag , but it could n't fit more like a glove if it was custom designed for it . For the price of this bag and really is a no brainer . Nothing nicer than being able to travel hands free and there is plenty of space on top of the seat to hold a small duffel bag of the baby 's clothes and assorted items . The quality is better than to be expected for the price .
 This car seat bag is amazing . I am able to travel through the airport with a toddler , a large check only bag , a checked toiletry bag , a stroller , diaper bag and purse . I have a method and I make look silly but I manage without hurting myself or exerting a crazy amount of energy . We have checked the bag , with a Britax convertible car seat inside , over 75 times and it is still holding up . One of the straps is starting to disconnect from the top of the bag but only a little . I will just take a heavy duty needle and thread to it !
 We bought this bag to protect our Britax Boulevard car seat when travelling by air . It fit our car seat snug , but well enough , and it held up just fine when we checked it along with our luggage . It does not move quite as well on its wheels as my luggage does , but it does work well enough .
 Great product ! We ordered another one for our oldest child 's car seat . Protected our infant carrier and kept it clean .
 I purchased this Travel Bag for a trip to Maui . The bag and car seat came back in one piece . What more could you ask ?
 Great purchase . protects the car seat from being thrown all over while in the airport . My sons car seat is still intact
 We bought this for our first time flying with our 2 1/2 year on top of that I am 9 months pregnant and could n't be much help to my husband carrying things . The backpack worked like a charm and the bag is very well build .
 Made two international trips with this bag . Kept my Britax Roundabout safe and clean . We also managed to fit the Graco Snugride in the same bag . Only had to carry one bag for two car seats . Bonus ! The bag is sturdy and held up well . Definitely worth the money !
 We travel often - 4-5 times per year , and this is a fantastic cover for our Britax Marathon Convertible Car seat . My husband throws it on his back and away we go through the airport . We 've had ours for a year and travelled with it 5 times . It still looks brand new and it has kept our car seat in great condition . It is very thick and durable . This is a must for anyone travelling with their car seat . It really does protect it and make travelling much easier . And for the price ?? You ca n't beat it .
 Have taken it on 3 roundtrip flights already and it has held up well . It fits both my Graco Snugride 35 & my Britax Boulevard -LRB- not at the same time of course -RRB- . I love that I can throw a few extra things in the bag -LRB- like all those diapers you need while traveling ! -RRB- & check it in . :-RRB- The hubby says it is n't the most comfortable backpack to carry -LRB- with the Graco inside -RRB- but it also is n't uncomfortable . I find that it is most comfortable if you adjust the straps so that the bottom sits right against your lower back/pelvis area . No complaints so far with this bag .
 We love this product , we bought one for each of our carseats . It is very easy to use , just use the straps and wear it like a backpack - it keeps your hands free for other things - great !!
 This car seat travel bag is huge , and I feel like i 'm going to knock people over when I have it on my back . However , it fits our car seats well , and I appreciate a way to keep the car seat straps contained and the car seat clean while we travel . Worth the money !
 we have a britax marathon 70 and this bag is surprisingly tight around the sides . we filled the seat with other items as recommended by others , used it on a trip successfully but signs of slight rips on top flap already . good bag for the price
 This bag accomodated my Britax Boulevard convertible car seat . I checked in my car seat at the baggage claims and my carseat was very well protected . Great buy !
 I purchased this bag for our first flight with 5-month-old son in tow . I had my doubts before purchasing that it would hold up to the beating the airline industry seems to enjoy inflicting on my luggage . After opening the package I was reassured by the quality construction , materials , and stitching . I was also surprised by the size . There was ample room for our carseat -LRB- snugride 35 -RRB- plus my pump , and a package of diapers . I could have fit much more but having a short layover , I was afraid to put too much in that might not make it our destination . Most airlines let you check baby-related items for free so the benefit of stuffing the bag with extras made it unnecessary for any other checked bags -LRB- or fees -RRB- . Yay for $ $ saving ! This alone made up for the cost of the bag in my opinion.Through four flights and related handling the bag held up beautifully . The shoulder straps made carrying the seat a breeze . I was even able to carry my sone in front in his Ergo carrier , and the seat on my back . Not something I would want to do every day , but manageable to get from baggage claim to our car .
 We bought this bag to travel to Colorado for Christmas and needed to take our Graco carseat and base to use in the rental car . This bag was plenty big enough to fit the carseat , base and a bag full of clothes and other misc . baby items . WE LOVE IT !!!! The interior `` void '' of the carseat makes it great for packing baby items and I recommend filling it to keep the top of the bag from getting pushed in and damaged . The shoulder straps are also great and we found it very comfortable to carry on our backs . Even with carrying our 14 pound baby and having this bag on our backs , it was n't a real hassle getting through the airport . I think I could have made this trip alone and would n't have been inconvenienced with this bag . This bag is also very sturdy . We did plenty of research before buying this bag and decided on it because of other reviews and its durability . I promise you wo n't be disappointed . This bag is padded and made it though both legs of the trip without any mishaps . No broken straps , zippers or fabric . Buy this bag and you wo n't be disappointed , it 's worth the money .
 We ordered the Wheelie from JL Childress thinking it would fit when comparing measurements . It did NOT fit . The ProRide is a new seat and you do n't see a lot mentioned on which bags will fit this seat . The Ultimate fit just perfectly . No complaints . Nicely padded . Nice straps . My husband wished for wheels , but we were already wheeling two bags of luggage so the backpack on this made it just perfect . Buy it for your Recaro ProRide !!!
 This is really an excellent car seat bag . We have the Britax Boulevard -LRB- one of the largest car seats on the market -RRB- and it fits perfectly . There is also ample room to stow a booster seat and a pack of diapers . My brother has the version with wheels - which is also great - but we prefer the backpack -LRB- with padding -RRB- as our hands are usually full pulling our luggage . The material is sturdy . Our stiching around the zipper did break - but I really suspect it was the baggage attendants and not necessarily a defect . I called customer service and a very nice and professional woman took my call . She explained how to submit a claim through email along with photos . I promptly received a reply after the photos were reviewed . They immediatly sent a new bag . It is rare to find such an excellent product with such excellent customer service . I have no hesitation recommending this bag .
 the car seat that everyone buys , the chicko 30 . we took this on three trips to india , mexico , and california and it worked great . it look really funny with the straps -LRB- as a backpack -RRB- but it works without a problem . i recommend putting the base in first to get your barrings as it takes a second to figure out the correct direction to put things in . then snap the car seat into the base and zip this big black hole closed.edit
 I bought this bag to pack my daughter 's seat for international trip . We were gone for almost a month and took eight different flights with it.Prior to the purchase I had checked other reviews to see if our Recaro Como seat would fit in it . It fits perfectly , leaving some seat space for extra necessities.The bag did its job and protected the seat , although it took some good beating . Half-way though the trip we had to get the bag repaired - the bottom of the bag was torn on one side . This was not because of the bag 's quality . I watched from my seat as JFK Delta 's loading crew was dragging bag , which probably caused the damage . The seat inside made it both ways from California to Eastern Europe and back with no damage . ****** Extra star - for that extra room . We were able to pack the space with enough diapers -LRB- Costco 's sized box ! -RRB- and baby wipes for entire trip !!!
 This is our second car seat travel bag , and it is by far the better of the two . It is nicely padded , SUPER easy to get the car seat in and out of , and folds up great for storage . I do wish it had wheels on the bottom of it with the back pack straps . For what it 's worth , our first travel bag -LRB- which lasted about a year before completely falling apart -RRB- was the SafeFit Car Seat Travel Tote .
 After hearing friend 's recent stories of how their carseats were damaged by the airline , we did n't want to take any chances with ours and decided to purchase this item . Completely worth the money to avoid any hassle of damages . Easy to zip up and carry . Worked out great for us .
 So glad I bought this travel bag for our Britax Marathon . Easy to get the car seat in and out . Even easier to carry !! Durable fabric . Highly recommend .
 I am travelling by plane with my toddler next week and I bought this so we could bring our own car seat with us . I love this thing . I actually just took it out to see if one our our car seats would fit in it and the Brittax -LRB- our spare -RRB- fits great . I love that you can wear it like a back back so you can have your hands free for other stuff . I was really worried about how we were gon na manage all our stuff and our daughter at the same time . But with this I think we 'll be just fine .
 The Childress Ultimate Car Seat Travel Bag definitely met our needs . At first I thought , why do I need something so big ? But I do n't regret buying it . I spent too much on the cars seat to let the guys who handle the luggage to toss it around and possibly destroy it . We have a Safety First Air and it fit perfectly in the bag . I liked the padding this bag allowed around the car seat , protecting it from being `` tossed . '' I ended up putting this on my back in order to get all our luggage through the airport and it took a second to get use to it , but really was n't as awkward as I thought it was going to be . There was extra space in it so we put our shoes in with the car seat.My only concern would be the zipper ; in the future . It is not quite as large and sturdy as I would like it to be , but we had no problems with it on our first trip.I highly recommend this and am glad I did not go with the cheap $ 10 or $ 20 nylon bag .
 This is our second bag , only because the airline completely ran over our car seat.It is very strong , padded , durable . Holds our Evenflo Titan Elite toddler car seat , and previously held our Graco infant seat/carrier . We had the previous one over a year and took many trips on different airlines . BTW , there is some extra space to store toys , jackets , and it is easy to carry .
 This fits our Britax marathon 65 perfectly . It was easier to get in and out of the bag , and it 's nice to be able to put it on your back . It is obviously rather large when on your back , so you need to make sure you have plenty of room to walk and turn . But when you 're dealing with luggage and a squirmy toddler , having your hands free is essential . This is definitely worth the money if you travel with a carseat .
 This bag has done well so far . I gave it four stars only because we 've only had to use it once . So I am not sure how it will hold up over time .
 You 're looking to buy a carseat bag for two reasons
 Very comfortable and convenient ! keeps car seat clean and free from damage . I love the padded shoulder straps .
 We used this car seat bag on a recent trip from Alaska to Los Angeles and it worked great . We have a Britax Boulevard CS . The first time we put it in the travel bag it was a little snug but fit perfectly . The backpack straps were invaluable when trying to maneuver the car seat , luggage and a a 16 month old around LAX . The bag seems to have plenty of protection for the car seat . It sure beats trying to drag a bulky car sear around an airport by hand !
 With two grandchildren , these seat travel bags provided not only protection for the seats , but also served as receptacles for excess baggage -LSB- gifts , souvenirs , dirty laundry , etc. -RSB- that we stuffed into the bags . Best of all , airline does not charge the customary baggage fees on them . The stuffed seat cover bags held up well too !
 The backpack was a great product . . It left our hands free , to carry other baggage . We used our car seat on the plane , so to be able to travel through the airport hands free with two children was priceless ...
 We just returned from a trip to the east coast . We used the travel bag to carry a Britax Diplomat . We did not check-in the bag/carseat so I am not sure if it could have handled the brutal beating a suitcase would undergo . We opted to leave it in front of the gate with the stroller . I did not see any damage to the bag due to handling or storage.Pro 's 1 . Its actually pretty comfortable . I had no problem carrying it between gates .2 . It had more than ample room to hold the carseat .3 . The material seems pretty strong so in theory it should last.Con 's 1 . I noticed that the zipper seemed to stick . It seems like the zipper might be the weak link.I would definitely recommend this product but I would not expect it to last more than 4-5 trips especially if its checked-in .
 I purchased this travel bag to protect my son 's car seat and also to make it easier to travel with . I found that the product accomplished both of these tasks . I placed my son in his carrier on my front and the car seat travel bag on my back . I was also able to pull a rolling bag and have a carry on draped over my shoulder . -LRB- I am 5 ' 7 '' female 130 lbs -RRB- I looked like a pack mule ... but it made the process easier . The only draw back was that upon inspection after my trip I noted a small 1 cm tear in the fabric . The fabric is a sturdy fabric , but unfortunately baggage does get damaged while traveling by air ... but at least it was n't the car seat ! I would recommend this product to a friend .
 We have two small children that use Britax Boulevard car seats . Although we always check them at the airport , they are cumbersome to travel with especially when traveling with one parent . We heard of these from a friend and ca n't believe we did n't get them sooner . They are so helpful and free up your arms at the airport -LRB- think 2 small children , luggage , stroller , diaper bag -RRB- . They are well made and bonus
 We just took our Britax Boulevard to California with us , and we are thanking the good Lord above for this car seat bag ! While you look a bit ridiculous wearing it as a backpack -LRB- unless you 're like me and too small to carry it ! -RRB- , it was a HUGE success for us ! Plus , we were able to use it to pack additional items ! It seems well-made and offers a lot of padding for protection for the seat . This was a best buy for us , without question .
 I know you do n't want to splurge on a carseat bag , but this bag is great . You can stuff it full of all sorts of other awkwardly shaped stuff in addition to the carseat , and most airlines do n't charge for carseats the way they would for a suitcase . We put lifejackets , bike helmets , dirty diapers , and more without having to pay for a second suitcase . The backpack straps are very comfortable , and the bag is not as heavy as a wheeled case . -LRB- We have one of each which works great when I 'm traveling by myself with two kids . -RRB- The airlines managed to rip the bottom of the bag on the first trip , but it 's more cosmetic than anything . This is a very sturdy bag without being too heavy . Our Britax Marathon fits without struggling too much to get it inside the bag .
 I HATE the hassle of using the car seat for short flights , so after purchasing the CARES Child Aviation Restraint System , I needed a way to protect and transport the car seat for use at our destination . I originally wanted a wheeled bag , but was disappointed with the options available . I bought this bag , instead , because of the good reviews , and I 'm so glad I did . I found it to be comfortable -LRB- in comparison to other methods for lugging a car seat -RRB- , and I loved the fact that my hands were free . We 've only used the bag for two trips so far -LRB- 6 flight legs -RRB- , but it has held up nicely . The padding gives me peace of mind that the baggage handlers wo n't totally maul our car seat . FYI , we used this bag with our Britax Marathon , and the seat fits in the bag like it was made for it . We also have Recaro and Evenflo seats which I have n't tried in the bag yet , but I suspect those bigger and heaver seats would n't fit as well or be as comfortable .
 I love this bag -- great quality , easy to carry around , HUGE , and definitely fits my Britax Roundabout 50 with room to spare . However , when I arrived at my destination , I found a hole ripped through my brand new bag . Luckily , the seat was not damaged . What I learned is that you can not allow for open space between the bag and interior of the seat itself . On my return trip , I filled the area with a bag of dirty clothes and had no problems . The airlines must have placed a large item on top of the spot that had no support underneath which resulted in the tear . I would have given this items 5 stars if it were n't for this issue . My advice -- fill the extra space to avoid any problems .
 I contact JL Childress to see if any of their travel bags fit the Britax Advocate CS and the Britax Advocate CS is one of the largest car seats on the market and is unfortunately too large to fit in any of their car seat travel bags.They do offer a custom car seat travel bag that is specially sized to fit the Advocate and is manufactured in the USA . This custom bag can be made with or without padding and is made of the same heavy-duty black fabric as our Ultimate and Wheelie Car Seat Travel Bags . The custom design features an adjustable , detachable shoulder carry strap with shoulder pad . The bag takes 7-10 days to manufacture , plus shipping time.A custom bag is $ 59.99 without padding and $ 74.99 with full padding.Customer Service : J.L. Childress Co. , Inc.714-939-9376714-939-9373 fax -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I traveled alone with my 3 month old and used this over christmas . It was AMAZING . I was able to check it and put lots of diapers and my Pump in Style and extra clothes and christmas presents in it -LRB- and to check a `` car seat '' is free -RRB- . I would highly recommend this .
 This is a great bag to carry your carseat . I had been looking for something like this for my Orbit Infant carseat , but it is a different shape than most carseats , so I was concerned that this might not work . I read the reviews on Amazon , and there was some conflicting advice about this , but one reviewer had mentioned that they put it in upside down with no problems.That TOTALLY works ! I just got back yesterday from air travel and I used this and it was great . I think another reviewer asked if you can also fit the Orbit car base in , and I would n't recommend that . The base is bulky and HEAVY , and I think that would be a problem , though I admit I did n't try it . -LRB- We used our ORbit with the seat belt option , the first time I had done that , and it worked just fine , both in my cousin 's car and in the cab . -RRB- It is roomier than necessary for this carseat , but I am glad to know it should work when we move up to the toddler car seat , too .
 After researching many bags to fit ourBritax B-Safe Infant Car Seat , BlackI decided on this bag . Britax makes a bag specifically for their seats , and I want to purchase another Britax seat after our son outgrows this one , but many reviewers said that they were cheap and the zippers broke . AND it was much more expensive than this bag . I ordered this bag online since it was n't available locally , and with my prime account , It got here in time for our trip!I tried out the bag at home doing a test run since I know it can be stressful in the airport and we were going to gate check the seat . It is much easier to get the seat in when the sippers are fully open . We did n't take the base , but I would guess that it would fit too since there is a LOT of room . We also put the infant seat adapters from theBritax B-Agile Stroller , Blackand ourErgo Baby Carrier Black with Camel Liningin the bag with the seat . Next time I will stuff some clothes and other things too since they check or gate-check any seats/strollers for free.PROS : seems sturdy after one use on planeExtra room for storage or baseWill fit larger seat when baby growsbackpack straps for easy carryingCONS : very bulky to carry when child is using the seatlarge to store when not in useOverall , I am happy with this purchase and will update if anything changes . Will use this bag again on our trip to Puerto Rico in July and hopefully it holds up ! I plan to use it for many years !
 We just got back from a trip using this bag . Our daughter 's Britax Marathon 70 is brand new and we were checking it . I was worried about it getting dirty and torn , so we used this bag . It worked great . It was a snug fit , but the zippers did n't pull away or anything . The bag is still in perfect condition and more importantly so is the car seat . The straps were comfy enough and made lugging it around a lot easier . We went for the straps rather than a bag with rollers because we already had a roller suitcase , the stroller , a huge diaper bag and purse , so our hands were full . Very happy with this purchase .
 Bought this to bring a Britax Marathon with us for a holiday trip because we have had issues with rental car companies not having good and available options for car seats during the busy holiday season . Our car seat fit into this bag very easily . The zippers were not a problem . The car seat was easy to carry as a backpack using this bag 's straps . My wife ended up with the car seat on her back , while I carried the computer laptop and camera bag on my back . Mine was definitely heavier . Recommend this product if you want or need to take your own seats and want to free up your hands . Be careful turning around , it does stick out from your back quite far and you could knock someone over pretty easily .
 I bought this and used it on Britax Marathon . Since our 2-month old will be using her car seat until she is 70 lbs and we will be doing a lot of travelling , this is a great way to protect the car seat in the long run.It 's a little more expensive than the plastic ones with no cushioning , but again , we plan on using both the car seat and this bag for a few years.The backpack works well - but with the marathon inside , it is not comfortable because the steel bar hits your lower back when you wear it . It is OK if you just wear it to go to the airport or the car - but not for long periods of time .
 We bought 2 of these before a trip with my 2 kids . It fit the large car seat for my 4 year old as well as the infant car seat and base just fine . It was much easier to get around with a stroller and luggage . I would recommend getting this one versus the rolling one . There is already enough luggage and the backpack makes it much easier . We had some problems with the zipper breaking on one of them , but amazon replaced it quickly . Make sure that you use these just for the car seat and do n't let your husband try to shove in lots of heavy things , it makes them awkward to carry with more than just the car seat . These bags are also great for storing car seats so they do n't get dirty or damaged .
 Used this item to travel with my one year old without my husband to help with the stroller , suitcase , carry-on and car seat . This was great because I could wear it like a backpack and off we went . Definitely recommend it for air travel !
 We travel excessively with our children and bought this product 2 years ago after our cheep carrier tore after the first use . This bag is 2 + years old and still going strong . We recently purchased a second one for our new daughter 's car seat and we can easily throw one on each shoulder and head off . I honestly can not tell which car seat is the Britax and which one is the infant seat when I pick them up because the padding and straps make it so easy to lift and carry places . This is definitely a travel must . It is also great for loading up with diapers and blankets since they do not charge for car seats on the airlines .
 I bought this carseat cover for a trip from Nashville to Oakland to take advantage of Southwest 's generous carseat and stroller policy . I had read a lot of reviews and there are a lot of products out there but I went with this item because of its versatility.First off this thing is HUGE , way bigger than my little Graco travel system carseat . I could have very easily put the carseat base in there as well -LRB- as was my original plan , but this seat does not require a base so I left it at home rather than haul around the extra weight -RRB- . This cover will also easily fit my larger seat that my husband keeps in his car . In fact it would likely hold two of the small Graco carseat/carriers ! Remember not to leave your handle up!There is a lot of padding and it protected the seat very well - I know a lot of reviews expressed concern about that . And with the extra space - vast , vast quantities of extra space - I was able to pack my boppy pillow , extra diapers , blankets , and on the way back , two big loaves of Portuguese Sweet Bread -LRB- very subject to being smooshed in the suitcase , but well protected riding in the carseat ! -RRB- . With a large carseat , you wo n't have this luxury but for the small-to-medium seats you 'll have tons of room ! -LRB- I learned this trick from another reviewer so passing the idea on to y' all ! -RRB- The backpack feature was pretty good , ergonomic , and comfortable although I did not schlep it around for very long . I did see two other people on my trip wearing theirs and it seemed to be easy to handle - one was a very petite woman with two kids and a rather big carseat and she managed very well . It went through the baggage checking process perfectly with no rips or holes and no damage to the zipper . -LRB- But I credit some of that to Southwest having very nice baggage-handlers who take pride in not damaging people 's luggage . -RRB- One last note , some airports will put carseats on the luggage carousel , but some will bring them to the `` oversized baggage '' area . Check there if you do n't see your seat come up with the rest of your stuff ! -LRB- Oakland put my seat in the other area but put my way huger and more cumbersome stroller on the carousel , it does n't make much sense but there is a specific policy about dealing with carseats so be sure to ask about that before you panic as the carousel stops and you have n't gotten your carseat yet ! -RRB- I am very glad I bought this product and can check my carseat with confidence ! Definitely recommended and despite the date on this review -LRB- April 1st -RRB- NO FOOLIN ' this thing is great !
 My 5 month old son had his first flight and I purchased this car seat cover for our trip . I was traveling without my husband and this cover/bag was a huge help . Not only did it keep car seat and base safe when I checked it , but it made checking and retrieving our luggage much easier . We only had three flights , but so far the bag has held up great . The bag fit our Chicco Keyfit car seat and base perfectly , as well as a diaper bag filled with empty bottles and toys.The bag is a little awkward to carry ... but when carrying a 25lb car seat on your back I do n't see how it could n't be awkward ! I considered getting a bag with wheels , but after traveling , I am glad I purchased the back pack style . With a stroller to push and a suitcase to pull , I do n't know how I would 've managed a wheeled cover.I highly recommend this product to anyone traveling by air and checking their car seat .
 We 've taken our carseat -LRB- Britax Boulevard -RRB- , on 4 flights so far with this bag . The carseat seems to be very well protected , and my husband can wear it like a back pack when we are walking through the airport . We are super pleased !
 I just got home from a trip with two layovers with my 1year old 's Britax car seat . The Travel Bag was a lifesaver . It 's a little awkward since it is so big , but it really worked well . I was able to carry the car seat everywhere much easier than any other way . We used her car seat on the flight , and the bag was easily packed and unpacked in the plane with the large Britax Seat . The bag looks like it would hold up for checked bags too , but the zipper seems a little weak . It did n't break on my trip , but I 'm sure they will be the first thing to break.On another note , the majority of the air line people did n't ' realize what the bag was for , and continued to push me to check or gate check it , but if you are persistent , they let you bring on to strap your child in for a flight .
 Very happy with this carrier so far . Very lightweight but still sturdy and good quality . Works great with large car seats .
 This carseat travel bag has been very useful for our Britax Boulevard . It fits snuggly yet zips all the way around , and we have some room inside for smaller items . It made it through 6 flights before receiving any kind of damage , which was that the top handle ripped off . We 'll continue to use the bag despite the lack of the top handle , and we 'd buy this product again if prompted .
 This bag worked great with the car seat we bought for travel . The bag got really dirty but kept our carseat neat and clean . The bag is padded to protect the carseat when checking as luggage . The bag can be worn as a backpack which kept hands free to roll other luggage . After using the bag , it was much better to have straps than the bag with rollers we also considered .
 This bag is HUGE , but excellent . Really good quality , well padded , and a life saver when our suitcase was apparently over 50lbs , because I was able to stuff more in the car seat bag and save the $ 50 surcharge . Checked the bag and it held up great on flight from USA to UK . Great product .
 We bought this to go to Disney . Fits Graco adjustable toddler carseat with room to spare . On the way home it had enough room on top of carseat to fit all the extra stuff we bought while in Disney . Very durable and easy to carry . Wish we had found sooner . Highly recommend .
 This carseat bag made our recent airplane trip much easier . It does the job it is intended to do
 I got what I expected with this car seat bag . It is not what I would describe as `` the ultimate '' , but it should last as long as any of my other light-duty luggage . If it was more durrable , it would also be heavier , so they have to make the compromise somewhere . For us , this was a much better way to go than using the Go Go Babyz Travelmate to wheel the car seat to the plane - because the car seat ended up being useless to us on the plane .
 We borrowed our neighbor 's fancy-pants carrier that costs more than triple this one , and I really do n't see the difference . I ca n't see the zipper on this one lasting forever , but for the price , you 'll get a good few trips out of it .
 We have a Britax Boulevard purchased new in late 2009 and it JUST fits into this bag . As hoped for , the bag kept the seat clean and reasonably protected from the usual baggage handling when flying . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is the zipper seam on one of the upper corners is already starting to pull apart after one round trip set of flights -LRB- 5 legs -RRB- . I actually expected this before purchasing since I read this happened to someone else , and the fact that the zipper is literally at the corner/edge ... and the edges and corners are what take the most force/damage from handling . Make sure you DO N'T leave the zipper handles on the corners!For me , though , this is still worth the cost over a $ 5 airline charge each way for a clear plastic bag for the seat -LRB- if your airline of choice even sells them -RRB- . I would buy another one without really thinking twice about it .
 This does exactly what it needs to
 We physically checked out various bags before making the purchase online . This bag was definitely the highest quality of the bags we saw . The bag fit our Graco convertible car seat perfectly , and it made traveling with a car seat so much easier ! So glad we bought this . Well worth the investment .
 We got this for our Graco Snugride 32 carseat . The seat and base fit in it very easily . The bag was really helpful for our trip . The backpack-style shoulder straps mean the carseat is one less thing you have to carry , which is a huge help when traveling with a baby ! I do wish it had a little more protective padding , but overall , this was a great purchase !!!
 This is a great travel bag for carseats . We have used it a few times , and it makes travelling through airports a breeze . You can carry it like a backpack . It is nicely padded , and you can put a few extra items into the bag -LRB- lightweight -RRB- and check for free ! It even fits the larger carseats . We have a Britax and a Recaro - and this fits them both .
 We just used this bag to travel with our toddler . We fit her Britax car seat , our winter coats , some of her clothes and diapers , and we still had some room left over . It really helped to have all that extra room with all the restrictions on baggage these days . The car seat was well-protected and not damaged . This bag was so helpful for navigating through the airport . My husband carried it and was still able to pull our 2 suitcases while I pushed the stroller and carried the carry-ons . Perfect !
 we purchased this recently for our first flight with our one year old daughter . It worked great , however my husband said it killed his back carrying it through the airport -LRB- we used it on the plane -RRB- . Great for carrying it to and from the parking lot especially if you were checking it in , but hard to carry through the airport .
 Perfect size for our car seat & base ... plus extra room for winter coats , diapers , etc ! Provided great protection to contents .
 Very useful and handy . I could fit two car seats and some jackets in the bag . Also , we just got back form a trip and found out that the airline was rough with the bags , and the plastic piece was broken and lost . I called JL Childress and got respond within 24 hours . Very generous and helpful . They are willing to send me a replacement and an extra piece of no charged . Talked on Friday and got the pieces in the mail Monday . Now that was fast !
 We bought two of these and took them on our trip to Maui . My daughter 's Britax Marathon fit great in it and it was great to have it on our back instead of an additional thing on wheels . My son 's Evenflo Triumph barely fit , it is such a wide carseat that we had to fiddle with the zippers to get it to fit . We checked my son 's seat in at the check in counter and it survived with only one minor tear after two flights -LRB- to/from Maui -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this car seat travel bag !
 We bought this as a last minute solution to use for our carseat
 Although this item is bulky , my husband says that he can knock people down with it , lol , this item HOLDS a carseat . It makes the carseat easy to transport when traveling through an airport . You will get strange looks but oh well at least your child is safe .
 This was a great buy for our trip ! We did n't really utilize the backpack portion of it , but our car seat fit great -LRB- with some extra room for some other bags inside -RRB- and the padding really kept the car seat looking perfect when we arrived at our final destination . Highly recommend this item !
 We purchased this car seat travel bag to use on all of our upcoming summer trips this year . We 've used it on a couple of flights already , to gate-check our Maxi-Cosi infant carseat . The bag works like a charm , quite easy to get the car seat in and out of the bag -LRB- thanks to the double zippers - I had thought it might be a pain in the you-know-what to get the seat in and out of the bag before I actually used it -RRB- , and the extra `` wings '' offer additional protection for the top of the seat . I 'd recommend this bag to anyone who travels with their baby !
 Love this bag just wish the straps were a little bigger/padded . Fits our Britax Marathon and Boulevard with no problems . Very Durable .
 This was great for traveling . I got it for my Britax boulevard and it fits great . I just traveled and we are still using the infant car seat and that fit with the base and plenty of room . I travel alone most of the time so the backpack was perfect . I pushed my son in our stroller , rolled our luggage and put the car seat on my back . I met my husband out side on the curb because it made everything so manageable . It does have good padding too .
 This is an excellent car seat bag -- we love using it for plane travel . It 's very well made and sturdy . Excellent product .
 We have two of these . Our first is over two years old and is still going strong . It has been on many international and domestic flights . Airport personnel always tell me how great it is , especially when we check it holding the car seat ; no need to worry about a dirty or damaged seat -LRB- my older child is big enough to use the CARES system -RRB- . We often put additional items in the bag with the seat , so it 's multi-purpose . Holds a Graco Snugride and a Britax Diplomat , although my husband says the Snugride is far less comfortable . On the older bag , both zipper pulls broke right at two years old . Not a big deal , it still works fine.These are big on your back , so always be aware of your surroundings so you do n't take someone out or break something .
 I bought this based on the reviews I read and was not disappointed . This bag is great for traveling with a car seat . I love that it 's roomy enought to fit the car seat and some of the baby 's extra items like clothes and diapers . The bag is cushioned enough to protect the car seat and yet not add extra bulk . I like that you can also carry it as a backpack in case you do n't want to check the carseat in . I highly recommend it ! Great value .
 I debated buying this because I 've had friends that have flown that have just checked the carseat and been done with it . I did n't want my sons carseat to get gross -LRB- who knows what happens to them when they disappear behind the curtain on the conveyor ?? -RRB- and I figured it would be a good way to keep it safe when we stored it for our next baby . I know there are other less expensive bags that are just pretty much a flimsy drawstring bag , but I like the handle on the top and the back-pack type straps AND the fact that it zips . I was nervous that the drawstring bag would magically come undone and shimmy off and there would be no point . My husband SWORE he would n't wear it on his back through the airport !! Well traveling with a baby is not easy and when we got to the airport I turned and looked at him and low and behold ... it was on his back and he had his hands free to pull the other bags ! We have an Evenflo Triumph and it fits perfectly . When we got to our destination the carseat was as good as new .
 I have used this travel bag almost 20 times in the last year , generally travelling alone with my baby , and it 's a huge help at the airport . The car seat can awkwardly jab your back through the bag if it is n't perfectly lined up since the back of the bag is not stiff , but that 's a small issue since I usually do n't carry it particularly far.I thought it might be helpful to share what car seats we have used with this bag : * Chicco Key Fit 30 -LRB- infant seat -RRB- . Fits easily . Plenty of spare room to add big package of diapers or other baby items and save room in the main suitcase -LRB- since carseat is a * free * checked bag on many airlines but your other suitcase probably is n't -RRB- . I have n't ever included the Chicco Key Fit base since this car seat can be safely used without the base and it adds a lot of extra weight when travelling , but it appears that it would fit too . * Evenflo Titan -LRB- convertible -RRB- . Fits fine . Diapers or other extra items can be included , but only barely . I do not like this car seat at all , but it fits in this bag with no trouble . * Brittax Boulevard . Fits snuggly . I just bought the car seat and verified the fit in this bag before installing in my car . It 's going to be heavy to carry around , but that 's why the backpack is so nice . The bag zipps all the way up , but the head restraint protrudes slighly up against the fabric . The car seat head restraint looks well constructed and strong , but I 'm a little concerned that it could get beat up by baggage handling . Not concerned enough to get a different car seat or airport travel system , though .
 We have used this bag on several flights , and it is holding up really well . The best thing about it is the size - it can fit our Graco MyRide 65 , which is one of the biggest car seats out there . The padding is pretty thick , and the straps make it easy to carry . We 're really happy with this bag .
 I looked at a lot of covers before I finally settled on this one . I was REALLY nervous about traveling with my nice Chicco carseat , but this cover protected it well . It has nice thick padding and the material itself held up through 4 flights perfectly . I did add a bit more padding on top with sweaters I was taking just to be safe ... because I 'm a worrier :-RRB- REALLY happy with my purchase ! -- I have the Chicco KeyFit 30 rear-facing carseat and took the base as well . Everything fit-no problem --
 Purchased this bag about a year ago and it worked perfect for our Chicco Keyfit30 Infant car seat . Very durable and it created a little extra room in there where I could stuff a blanket and some little toys for him without taking up room in my suitcase . Unfortunately when we had to change to a toddler carseat , Britax Advocate 70CS , It fit about 90 % in , but we were unable to close the zipper all the way and had to put an airline plastic bag over the whole thing so that it did n't fall out of it . Overall , a Great Carseat bag , just wish they made it a little bigger for the new larger model car seats .
 I had never reviewed an item on Amazon before -LRB- which I know is horribly wrong given that I rely so heavily on them myself -RRB- but I loved this product so much I had to post ! I seriously do not know how anyone travels with an infant without this . I was super nervous about our first trip with our new baby , who was two months old at the time , primarily because of the logistics of carrying all the extra stuff . This backpack is a MUST HAVE ! It leaves your hands free for carrying the rest of your luggage and/or baby ! It 's a little bulky but it IS carrying your large bulky carseat so that 's to be expected . I can not speak for it 's comfort , though , as my husband wears it . It easily fit our Chicco Keyfit 30 infant seat and base . As other people have posted , there is extra room in the bag that you can put another small piece of luggage or diapers , etc. . I actually put my Medela breast pump in there . Airlines do not charge for checking carseats so take advantage of this `` free '' piece of luggage . One piece of advice that I have for traveling parents which has nothing to do with this product is to consider just `` gate checking '' your carseat . The disadvantage would be having to schlep it around the airport BUT if you check it , you run the risk of not having it when you land . This happened to us because our flight got delayed and we were able to get standby on another flight . So , we did not have our checked luggage or carseat when arriving home . However , we are going on our third trip next week with this product and will just continue to check it and cross our fingers .
 We have traveled with our young son on several plane trips . After trying a few options -LRB- including renting a car seat with our rental car and paying WAY too much for it -RRB- , we have found that bringing the car seat along is the best option . The fact that airlines do not charge for that baggage is a great relief , but the problem is that the car seat is not well protected in the baggage handling system . Once the seat came off the conveyor belt at our destination , and the airline-provided plastic bag was hanging in shreds ; it was clear that we needed a travel bag . The second problem was that carrying the unwieldy car seat -LRB- even just from the car to the baggage drop off -RRB- was extremely difficult , especially when also pushing a stroller and handling other bags . This travel bag solves both those problems . It is sturdy but not heavy , well designed for the purpose , fits ourGraco Nautilus 3-in-1 Car Seat , Matrixcar seat , and even comes in its own convenient bag for storage . We are very pleased !
 We just flew using this bag this past weekend . Checked the car seat on the outbound trip and carried the car seat on the plane for the inbound trip . This bag nicely protected the car seat when it was checked.It is great that you can throw the car seat on your back when you are traveling with a child and are either holding them or trying to hold their hand while you walk through the airport and deal with all of your other stuff . We saw other couples trying to carry their car seat without a bag through the airport . This bag was so much easier . Very glad that we purchased this bag for the trip . Well worth the money.I do have to say that carrying a child 's car seat on your back , while this bag made that as comfortable as possible , is still awkward as a car seat is large . You need to be careful while having this on your back , as it is easy to forget that you have it on !!!
 We bought this car seat travel bag right before a trip to the grandparents - at Christmas time . We have Britax Marathon car seat - and it fit perfectly . We had 3 other bags to carry - and I am pregnant and I was still able to carry this like a back pack on my back , no problems -LRB- I was six months pregnant at the time -RRB- . It was pretty light and easy to manage ! It definitely held up well through baggage claim and we were definitely able to pack our coats inside so we would not have to carry them in the airport . I am glad we bought it !
 We purchased this through Amazon warehouse for a VERY good price . Much better than the Britax case in terms of pricing , and it fit our Britax Frontier 85 just fine . I will say that it was a bit heavy and awkward to carry , but I do n't think this can be expected to make a carseat on your back feel light.As much extra work as it was to carry and install a carseat on 3 planes for a cross-country flight , I think it was worth it . My son -LRB- this was his first airplane experience -RRB- had a familiar seat with cupholders , and I think his behavior was better because he was in something familiar . Plus , we did n't have to worry about checking the carseat -- I saw a couple come off the luggage carousel , and I have to say I would n't want to have our expensive carseat thrown around like that.Overall , I 'm happy with the purchase . We plan to use the bag to store one of our older carseats , so it will have an additional use .
 We bought this bag for our Evenflo Symphony 65 e3 . When we got it , the bag barely fit the car seat because of the headrest . My husband was able to zipper it shut by pulling it together and `` muscling '' it shut . I was not able to do it myself . I would STRONGLY recommend testing out your car seat in it prior to using it . Once we got the car seat in the bag we left it there overnight and for the next day to help `` stretch '' it out . It seems to have helped a little . The zipper seems to be quite durable , but because it is so stretched with the car seat in it , I hope it stands up to the airlines wear and tear . Overall , I 'm happy we bought it because traveling during the winter , the last thing I wanted to deal with after traveling all day with a 7 month old is a wet or dirty car seat . The fabric itself looks like it will hold up to quite a bit of abuse , it appears durable by the look and feel . I know others say they have been able to stuff other things in the bag , but because of the size of our car seat we do n't have much room for that except a few diapers and maybe a blanket .
 Recently bought a second bag . No worries , the first one is still going strong - our family has grown and we needed another bag and based on our experience with this car seat travel bag , we did not even hesitate buying one more.First of all , the material is much thicker and stronger than I originally expected . It holds up well and is easy to wipe clean . The straps are nice and strong , and my husband swears they are comfortable too - he does most of the hauling . It sits well on your back -LRB- just the right spot -RRB- on an average height person but even a petite woman like me ca n't complain and I 'm barely 5 feet tall.We were trying to choose between a bag with straps vs. bag with wheels and are really glad we went with straps . We do n't use backpacks when travelling so it is very convenient to throw this on your back so your hands are free to pull suitcases , push a stroller or carry a cranky toddler !
 We love this bag for traveling . It fits our Britex just fine . The last time we just carried to the gate and checked rather than with luggage . We did this so it would n't be thrown around too much , because of a few reviews of the zipper busting and we had this happen when we borrowed a friends and checked with luggage . Just think of what your luggage looks like after being put under the plane ! A bit if a pain to bring through security since you have to unpack the carseat to put through the xray machine , but so nice that it 's a backback and leaves your hands free . I would recommend this to a friend and buy again .
 This bag held our daughters Britax Frontier 85 car seat perfectly during air travel . The carry straps are a nice feature and the car seat survived multiple journeys in the hold of aircraft without any issues .
 We just returned from our trip and I have no complaints about this product . My husband was embarassed to use it when we first arrived at the airport , but he admitted it was necessary since we were pushing a stroller and carrying two diaper bags . We gate checked the car seat travel bag to ensure the car seat would arrive with us at our destination . The bag survived without any damage .
 This is a sturdy carseat bag . It fits our Britax Roundabout 50 and the weight was balanced easily on shoulders . I do n't know how we would have managed flying without it !
 This car seat carrier was the best . We recently used it for a cross country flight and the car seat arrived safe and sound . It was easy to carry it through the airport with the convenient backpack as well . Would recommend this to anyone traveling with a car seat .
 I have n't read the other reviews recently , although I did check them out before deciding to purchase this car seat carrier . Overall , we were happy with the product - it is bulky , but fit our Graco Comfortsport convertible seat with room to spare . The main flaw though is that the backpack straps do n't detach or tighten down for checking the bag . We checked the car seat at the counter and I was surprised that it was n't damaged when we picked it up at our destination . Before purchasing we had borrowed a carrier with straps that removed and I did n't even realize that was an optional feature.Long story short , it worked , but I 'd look for one that has a compartment to tuck the straps into if you 're planning to check your car seat at the counter -LRB- instead of just using this to transport the car seat to/from the gate -RRB- .
 I have one year old twins and was traveling overseas without my husband so my mother came along for the flight . When we got to the airport we found out that we were going to have to check the carseats planeside . We thought this would be an issue , having several bags and the babies and a stroller to cart around , but these bags were fantastic . We just put them on like a backpack and off we went . They were very comfortably padded and I would recommend them to anyone . I do have to say though that I am six foot tall and I was still knocking into some things because of the size of the pack .
 This cover is amazing ! It is so durable . If you 're going to spend 20 dollars on a cheap plastic one , you might as well drop 20 more for something that will really protect your seat . It fits our Chicco Keyfit30 perfect and my husband said the shoulder straps are comfortable and the bag is easy to wear . Best cover for the money !
 This bag was just what we needed for our round trip flights across the country . We have a Graco Nautilus and it fit with room to spare ! It was very easy and comfortable to carry as a backpack through the airport so our hands were free to push the stroller and pull the other luggage . The only damage to the bag during travel was a very small tear in the fabric , nothing that would compromise the bag or seat . Overall we are very impressed with this bag and plan to use it on future flights .
 I thought at first about getting a cheaper version of this bag but I 'm so glad I did n't ! This bag is great . It is strong and sturdy and will definitely hold up well for travel . We 've used it twice already without any problems . The backpack distributes the weight of the carseat very nicely and makes it easy to use . And an added bonus , we filled it up with stuff so that we did n't have to pay for a big checked bag . I would highly recommend .
 My biggest concern was finding a bag that was sturdy and would fit our large sized carseat - the Britax Roundabout . This product delivered as promised and was even sturdier than I had hoped . It is made of tough , non-rip nylon , the really thick stuff . The shoulder straps are well padded for using as a backpack . It was very easy to carry when only the carseat was in it . On the return trip we stuffed laundry into the extra space and it got pretty heavy but was in no danger of falling apart . I would recommend this to anyone !
 The car seat travel bag is great . My car seat was so much easier to carry on my back , leaving my hands free to handle suitcases and my daughter . My car seat was nice and dry even though it was raining when we landed . An added bonus , if your suitcase is a little over the weight limit , you can pack things in the seat bag .
 Pros : Good valuePaid off taking own seat vs. renting from car rental after only one tripFree check-in with most airlinesShoulder strapsUniversal sizeLight weightPlenty of roomCons : Light weight means less ruggedOverall quality . I have no problems after one use but see this as potentially ripping , i.e. disposable vs. long-term quality luggage.If it falls apart then I would purchase again .
 Great travel bag - fits our Britax perfectly ! It is much easier to use the back-pack strap style carrier than the similar one with the wheels .
 We brought our Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car Seat on our trip and it fits this travel bag perfectly . The car seat is in the same condition when we arrived to our destination and on our flight back . It has adequate padding and the back pack style of carrying it is really convenient especially with a little child .
 We just bought this bag for our upcoming vacation so we have n't yet traveled with it BUT it seems great . We have the Britax Marathon and it this bag fits it perfectly . The bag and zippers seem durable and the backpack straps are relatively comfortable .
 This backpack was a lifesaver for me , as I 've traveled solo with my infant son several times . Most airlines do n't provide plastic bags anymore for car seats , so I wanted to protect the bag from damage from baggage handling . Not only is this backpack large enough to fit most car seats , it also allows you to be hand-free so you can juggle your own luggage , a stroller , and your child ! A huge bonus about this bag is since car seats check for free on all airlines , you can use the extra space in this backpack to pack other items . So we double this bag as the baby 's travel bag for diapers , food , clothes , and other misc stuff - and it all checks for free ! The reason I give this four stars is because the fabric has already ripped after just a couple trips . The rips are n't anything big , but I doubt the bag will last more than 10-12 trips total . But given the price of this backpack , I 'm not surprised . If it was made of better quality fabric , the price would reflect it . The other negative again has to do with the quality - the straps themselves . So far , the straps have held up -LRB- we 've had 6 roundtrips -RRB- , but I fear the straps will also break in the next several trips ... So all in all , a wonderful concept in function but it could definitely use some quality improvement . But for the price , this backpack is definitely worth it , even if it only lasts a few more trips ...
 It does just what it said it will do :-RRB- The only thing is that when i wear it on my back with the awesome back straps , I can not see anything around me . BUT small problem compared to the benefits.-keeps car seat CLEAN-fit my Britax just like it said it would-could store another booster seat in it if booster seat is small enoughThe only thing i 'd like to see is folding/storing it easier . Kind of bulky . We just left it in our rental car and it was fine and if we were staying where we did n't have a rental I 'm sure it would be just fine in the hotel .
 We recently purchased this bag and used it on a trip with our Britax Boulevard . My husband had no problem carrying it on his back while rolling the rest of our luggage . We checked our carseat and the bag held up great . It was very easy to get the car seat in and out of the bag . I purchased this on sale and it was definitely worth it .
 LOVE this carrying case , great quality , padded on all sides except front zipper to help protect the seat . The double zipper allows it to open very wide so its easy to put the car seat in . Fits Britax marathon and Graco infant seat . Nice to have the backpack straps option if needed .
 We bought this bag to hold our safety first convertible carseat . We actually checked the bag and I assumed that we would have some damage being the fact that there are exposed straps , I was surprised that it came back in perfect condition . I would def recommend this to others . It was nice to have this backpack and made getting to the checkin kiosk a lot more manageable .
 We bought this for airline travel and it was great . Too much room for an infant seat and base , but too much room is always better than not enough . I just stuffed the bag with extras like clothing and such . We had a graco infant carrier . I think this is going to fit her large convertible seat pretty well too -LRB- maxi cosi convertible seat -RRB- . It 's durable , sturdy fabric , well padded and zipper . I 'm very happy with the purchase . I had no hesitations about checking my car seat into baggage claim .
 Just returned from a trip where we used our JL Childress Car Seat Travel Bag for the first time . We used it with our Cosco Scenera seat that we purchased for our 19 month old son to use on our flight . The travel bag is very large and roomy . The Cosco seat is not that big so I was actually able to fit several other items in the travel bag as well -LRB- such as my coat -RRB- which was helpful . The straps are well padded and comfortable . You do feel and look sort of silly with such a large item on your back , but being that it is n't that heavy , it 's not that big a deal . It was very easy to unzip and take the seat out once on the plane and then roll it up and fit the bag in the overhead compartment . We will also be using it in our garage now to store the carseat when not in use . This was a little pricey to buy but I think it was definitely a great purchase !
 Took the family on a trip to Hawaii this past November and we needed to bring the car seat for our 18-month old . Even though we pretty much only used it for the airport , it was still a life-save to be able to strap this guy on your back so you have both hands free to carry other things . We used it to haul our Recaro ProRide which is pretty much the largest car seat you can find . Highly recommend this .
 We 've had two others but nothing compares to the durability and portability . We bought two of them and we recommend them to everyone at the airport !
 This bag was great . Car seat fit perfectly and since we where going to a warmer climate we where able to fit three winter coats in with the car seat for the return trip . Would highly recommend this for anyone that travels with younger children . Great price .
 We travel a lot . My husband is usually in charge of carrying the car seat , so I ca n't say much about the weight factor . However , this is a backpack and honestly probably better than the ones with wheels because who needs one more rolling piece of luggage , to drag through the airport ? We have a Britax Boulevard 70 CS and it is a very tight fit ! We have to tug on the sides of the bag to pull the zipper up but the inside of the bag is padded and has protected our carseat on every trip .
 At first , i thought omg this bag is huge but let me tell you , when i packed my baby car seat i was more than happy with the fitting and quality . The price is right : -RRB- Easy to carry , no worry thinking getting dirty . I had 6 hrs flight with connection at jfk and still the bag arrived spotless . There was plenty of room left to stuff my breast feeding pillow and more . This is free check in bag.Enjoy !
 Held up really well during our trip and is super big ... I was able to fit my chicco infant carrier and the base and several other items in as well . The only suggestion I could make was that it is very heavy as a backpack ... I wished it had wheels .
 Good product . We used it on one round trip -LRB- with connecting flight -RRB- . Our chicco keyfit 30 car seat and base fit in the bag with no problems . The back pack straps were useful adn functional . The bag does look beat up after the trip , but I 'm sure the baggage handlers were tossing it around without caution . There are no tears or rips so far . I have no complaints with this product . It performed as i hoped and fit our carseat/base which was my biggest concern since I could n't find any reviews about car seat bags for the keyfit 30 .
 We just used this travel bag for the first time last weekend and it worked wonderfully ! Prior to this trip we have taken the Britax carseat on board for our son , who is 2 , and used the gogo Kidz travelmate to wheel it thru the airport . However , our son is 38 '' long and his feet rest on the seat in front of him , so we decided to try him in his own seat with a CARES restraint , which worked out much better !! However , that ment checking his carseat , and we wanted to make sure it did n't get damaged , so we purchased this bag . The backpack feature made the normally cumbersome carseat VERY easy to manage , and the carseat arrived perfectly both times . The material appears to be very durable , but I ca n't really speak to that because we have had the bag for such a short amount of time . I would highly recommend purchasing this product if you are going to be traveling with the carseat as a checked item !
 Great quality ! It fit my daughter 's Britax Marathon car seat perfectly.The only drawback is that you have to be careful when you wear it on your back . It 's large and you 're bound to bump into things behind you .
 I purchased the `` backpack '' version of this bag after reading the reviews that the wheels on the rolling version broke easily . After using it for the first time , I somewhat wished I 'd gone with the rolling one.This bag is sturdy with quality fabric and a surprisingly good amount of padding . We used it with a Graco Snugride on one trip , and it left room to pack a whole other bag inside . It will clearly fit a larger , full-size car seat . We felt confident gate-checking the car seat being it was so well protected.This bag is HUGE and awkward to carry through an airport . You have to constantly be making sure you are n't whacking someone with it as you turn , and you kind of have to wonder how silly you look . You also ca n't fit the car seat through the x-ray machine in it - at least not in the airports we were in .
 i 've had this bag for about 20 months now and have used it to check in my daughter 's car seat for about 12 times and zipper still intact and bag has not tear so thumbs up . this bag will not count as a `` check-in '' luggage for the airlines because is has a car seat in it . it fits the britax marathon perfect and i can even put the kids aero bed on the seat and be able to zip up without problem . have done it many times and since it 's in the car seat bag , i do n't have to pay the check bag fee that i would otherwise have to .
 This is a huge help when you travel alone with a child . I have traveled overseas several times with an infant and now toddler . This bag makes it possible to carry the car seat to the gate , a kid in the stroller and a carry on bag over my shoulder . I do n't know how I would get the car seat to the gate without this bag . Also , if you want to see if they have an extra seat when you arrive at the gate , -LRB- because you have a lap child -RRB- , carry the car seat to the gate and if there is not a seat available , just check the car seat at the gate . If you get an exrta seat , it 's wonderful to have the car seat with you . Also , since I think every airline seems to let you check a car seat for free , -LRB- when you travel with a child -RRB- , you can always stash a jacket or some lightweight soft toys in with the car seat to get a little extra baggage space . It has also covered our car seat when we checked it on a couple of times and it has protected our Brittax Diplomat car seat well . I only give it 4 stars because it could have a little more wrap around protection for a checked car seat , and also it could be a little more comfortable on your back . In general I love it and wo n't travel without it .
 This has really been a great product ! I can not believe how much space this has in it ... especially with the Britax Boulevard inside ! Easy to use and got lots of comments from other parents . Highly recommend using this for travel , we went to Europe and this definately made the trip easier .
 I loved this bag for our Roundabouts , and was worried that our Frontiers would not fit , but YAY ! The Britax Frontier fits in this bag . I wish the product description would the Frontier in their list of Britax seats . Would save us a lot of will-it , wo n't - it fit worry.Very useful bag to have when traveling . Can stash some jackets , diapers etc in there , too .
 Great product . We 've only used it for our infant car seat , but we plan on keeping it for a childs seat . The backpack straps are handy for short steps , but for our application we just appreciate the protection the bag gives our car seat . It 's affordable and well built . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this for my first airplane trip where I had to take my son 's car seat . I wanted something that could protect the car seat because I planned to check it.The backpack worked great . Although bulky -LRB- it could be registered as a deadly weapon in 9 countries -RRB- it was surprisingly comfortable . It left my hands free for luggage and the stroller -LRB- and an escapee toddler -RRB- . I was also able to load it up with the diapers and wipes prior to checking it.It did sustain a hole the first time out but the tear is small and the fabric is tough so it wo n't enlarge . Obviously there is rough handling when it comes to plane cargo and with the strength of the fabric I do n't think this was a fabric defect . The car seat seemed to arrive in good shape.I would definitely recommend this product especially if you plan on checking the seat .
 I bought this because of the reviews saying it would n't fall apart . They were right , it held up fine.I did n't think I 'd like the backpack style straps and thought I 'd prefer a single shoulder strap . I was wrong . It was great over the shoulders -- the car seat was light enough there for me to focus on carrying/pulling other bags.UPDATE
 I was traveling alone with my 7 mo old daughter . I was dropped off at the airport outside and had to carry the baby , stroller , suitcase and carseat to get inside and check in . This travel bag helped make that process so much easier . The bag fit my Chicco Keyfit Infant Seat perfectly , plus it had plenty of room for me to stuff a couple more bags inside . Since most airlines will allow you to check your carseat for free , having that extra room in the carseat bag made it so I did n't have to pay for yet another bag other than my suitcase . When I arrived at my destination I had to carry the carseat outside along with my suitcase and the baby -LRB- in stroller -RRB- . Since this bag had backpack straps I was able to throw it on my back , push the stroller in front of me and wheel the suitcase behind me . Worked great ! I highly recommend it !
 We use this product with our Chicco Keyfit 30 infant car seat . The car seat fits in this backpack . The best way to put the car seat into the backpack -LRB- in our opinion -RRB- is have the car seat attached to the base , and put the base along the side that will be alongside your back . When closing the zippers around the car seat , we find it to be a snug fit at two points , but it still closes without any issues -LRB- no breakage , no zipper damage -RRB- . So here 's the good points that we like about this car seat travel bag . It can hold a lot more stuff than just the car seat . We stuff a lot of additional things into this bag , it 's crazy . The trick we find is to put the additional items into soft bags -LRB- plastic bags or those eco-friendly grocery bags -RRB- , because the additionals would be easier to remove and replace during the security check at the airport . Rather than taking out additional items one by one , just having a bag or two to remove works better.The last time we traveled , we had just north of 35 lbs of stuff in it -LRB- car seat included -RRB- , and the travel bag worked fine.So far , we 've traveled a few times with it without a problem . We 've gate-checked the bag twice , and we 've counter checked-in the bag twice . One travel was on an international flight . Our last travel where we checked-in the travel bag unfortunately involved a layover and a flight transfer -LRB- so it was handled a lot -RRB- , but the bag held up fine . From all of these travels , we have n't had any damage to our travel bag or to the car seat inside . I was a bit concerned during the times we decided to check in the travel bag at the airport counter -LRB- less for me to carry to the gate -RRB- , but everything turned out fine.Being able to toss extra stuff into this thing then gate-check it is really nice . It really expands the amount of stuff you can bring with you and not have to check in -LRB- then retrieve at baggage claim -RRB- . Nowadays , it seems like the overhead compartments are smaller and smaller , and the airlines really wants travelers to check in as much of their luggage as possible at the counter . We can use smaller carry-on items -LRB- or smaller pullmans -RRB- , and stuff the travel bag with items that we do n't need during the flight -LRB- no liquids no sharps , of course -RRB- . We -LRB- I -RRB- carry the thing on my back all the way down the jetway then hand it off by the airplane door , and the airline will stow the travel bag with the rest of the luggage during the flight . When we arrive and deplane , the travel bag is waiting for us at the jetway . Gate check-in . Never did it before , but now a big fan of it.Another bonus feature of this style of bag is that it 's a backpack . Having arms and hands free to carry or to address other stuff -LRB- a child about to knock something over , for example -RRB- is nice . It 's not easy to spin 360 with it on or do the tango with it , but there is still plenty of movement possible . Hand and arms free though is key . Just be careful not to hit anybody with the bag when turning or when say , in an elevator.We kept the plastic bag that it came in -LRB- which is zippered shut -RRB- . When we are not using the travel bag , we pack it up , keep it in the plastic bag , and then just store it in the closet.Overall , we like this product very much . No damage and no zipper problems . No rips -LRB- so far , knock on wood -RRB- . Hands-free . Arms-free . Convenient extra space for gate checks . Works well with the Chicco Keyfit 30 . -LRB- Not sure how it will hold up with other car seats . Maybe other car seats are too big and bulge out the zipper too much ? -RRB-
 Great product ! It easily fits our convertible car seat as well as diapers and clothes . I feel much more confident about our car seat 's travel when it 's in this bag .
 We bought and used this to check a Britax Frontier car seat on a recent trip . The backpack worked well , to keep hands free for other luggage and children . Our seat fit in it well , despite being quite large . We checked it both ways , and had no damage to the seat , or the bag itself . Very happy with it !
 6 nights in Jamaica , 2 nights in Miami , traveling from Southern California . 5 total flights and no major signs of wear and tear . I stuffed in a Recaro child seat , and it BARELY fit . Since car seats are free to check in , make use of all the extra room and stuff it tight so your other bags are n't overweight . It 's been mentioned before , but you WILL look like a fool if you try to carry this thing on your back , not to mention how many people you will know over every time you turn .
 Met our expectation . Use to protect the car seat as luggage . If there are small wheels to move it , the design will be even better .
 This bag is great I traveled with my 2 yr old daughter and it was just perfect . Put The Car seat on My back One hand to pull The luggage and One hand to hold her hand .
 Bought this JL Childress Ultimate Car Seat Travel Bag , Black in order to protect our Graco Snug Ride 35 w / base when we travel from Hawaii to the Continental US & back . I havent yet tried to fit base in bag yet but am sure it will fit as former reviews have stated . Bag is padded on bottom back & sides , only wish front portion that zips up was padded too , it seems thin . I will leave a post review after we travel to let everyone know how the unpadded front portion holds up . So far I am very satisfied with product & hope it serves its purpose .
 Just used this on our Evenflo carseat on a cross country flight and it held up fine . Would definitely recommend it for travel .
 I used this bag three times this summer for a chicco key fit 30 car seat with base . The bag protected my car seat wonderfully and the materias is very durable ! I had so much room left that I put in diapers , and a portable high chair . I carrited it on my back , which is a bit awkward because it 's heavy and big , but it held well , and I did n't have a long distance to go since I checked it in . Overall , a great affordable bag ! Do n't waste your money on the expensive ones . . this one will do the job !
 I read alot of the reviews about different car seat covers and this was really the only cover that gave me any real positive review . We traveled from WA to MO and had one layover along the way . There was absloutly no damage to the cover at all . and I was able to put one whole bag on the actual car seat so I was n't charged at all . It was great ! Being able to carry it on my back was so purfect because needless to say our arms were full of all our stuff . Hopr this review is helpful .
 This bag is wonderful for air travel . With all the other luggage that rolls , it was so easy for my husband to carry this on his back and still be able to haul all of our other gear . It 's very durable and the padding is really nice - we could even stash more stuff inside it . I would definitely recommend !!
 IMO this carrier paid for itself in one trip . It did a great job of protecting the seat from any damage and the back pack straps made it very easy to carry . I recommend this carrier over the one with wheels because it would have been a pain to try to wheel both the car seat and my luggage about at the same time . I previously traveled without a carrier and the seat came back covered in unidentifiable slime requiring me to put the car seat cover in the wash . Not this time . This carrier is well constructed and should last the life of the car seat unless it becomes victim to some serious abuse .
 Took it on our first trip . Bag still looked brand new after flights . No problem throwing our extra diapers and blankets in the bag with it . That was a great space saver . Checked thru for free on American Airlines . Easy to carry . We used in junction with Cosco Scenera car seat -LRB- one recommended by book Travels With Baby -RRB- . That made it really easy as that seat is really light . Its a tall seat and there was still lots of extra room . I 'm sure our Britax would have easily fit too .
 I travel a lot , and I am a pro at flying alone with my baby , now 5 months old . When I broke my arm I bought this travel bag out of necessity . I found I could easily manage the carseat , baby , and luggage solo with one arm -LRB- and a darn good baby carrier , but that 's another review -RRB- . It fits very comfortably , feels very light , and it 's well built and durable . I checked it on one flight and carried it to the plane -LRB- planeside check -RRB- on the other , and both went smoothly .
 I had talked to a friend about this product and that was as far it went . But then , I was sitting at the computer one day clicking around Amazon and thought , ` I 'm going on a trip , just myself and my son , I really need to streamline our baggage especially when we are flying back and forth from overseas . ' As anyone with an 18-month old can attest , one does not travel lightly . I found the car seat travel bag , and thought I 'd give it a try . I just received it in the mail , put the car seat in it to make sure it fit -LRB- the seat and on my back -RRB- -- sure does !! Now I only ask myself , ` why I did n't I buy this six months ago when we transitioned to a forward facing car seat ?!?!?!? Thanks for this awesome product !!!
 At first , when I saw the price comparing with other car seat travel bag , I thought I little bit expesive for just a travel bag . But , I bought it anyway because I a planning to travel a lot ... even international trips ... So I wanted something strong ... I didnt want to buy something really cheap and than end up using that travel bag only once . So ... this one I have NO REGRETS !! Its GREAT !! There is planty of room for my Gracco car seat . And I bought 2 of them !!! -LRB- I have 2 kids -RRB- . I am very happy !!! Its strong enough and I , myself , can carry it with no problem ... -LRB- I am 5 ' 3 -RRB- !! So easy to carry on ... I am really happy with this purchase !! : -RRB-
 This is the BEST carseat carrier ! I bought one with wheels first , and while it 's nice to be able to roll it , it did n't last long with the way they throw your luggage around -LRB- and you 're already probably rolling your other luggage ! -RRB- This carrier is carried on your back and it 's VERY comfortable . In fact , I loved this one so much I bought a second one for my 2nd child 's carseat .
 This product work perfectly ... u put the car seat in there throw it on your back like a backpack and u have your hands free to deal with kids and bags too
 This thing was great for our last minute cross-country vacation . Not only did the airline we were flying on not charge to check anything associated with children under two , but there was plenty of room for the car seat , and a bunch of extra items we just could n't jam into our luggage . Was a little bit awkward carying it on my back , but the seat made it there and home in perfect condition .
 This bag easily held my son 's Britax Decathalon car seat ... plus we were able to stash some diapers , a blanket and a coat on the seat and zip it all up . It protected the seat great , plus my husband was able to carry it on his back through the airport . Of course it was heavy , but at least it was easier to carry this way . Well worth the money to protect our $ 200 + car seat .
 I love this carseat bag ! This is actually the second bag we have purchased -LRB- now we have one for each child -RRB- . We have used our first one on multiple trips all across the country -LRB- we travel a lot -RRB- . The backpack style is perfect for someone who is pushing a stroller with one hand and pulling a suitcase with another . It is a bit bulky and cumbersome , but that is too be expected considering the size of the carseats . We use it for our Britax Marathon and Britax Frontier - it works perfectly . You can also throw a couple blankets and/or jackets in the bag with the carseat if you are running low on space . Airlines currently do n't charge for carseats so it travels for free ! Again , best travel purchase I have made !
 This car seat cover fits over our Britax Marathon Car Seats just perfectly . They were very easy to get onto our car seats and the best feather is that they come with back pack like straps for easy carrying . They were comfortable to wear on our backs . They made it to all of our many destinations in perfect condition . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who really wants to protect their carseats .
 The bag works great , would give 5 stars except the zipper sticks sometimes and it almost got stuck . Other than that , my car seat did not get ruined at all .
 I used this to transport our snug ride seat and it protected it well . We had plenty of room and threw in a pack of diapers . Our neighbor borrowed it and it fit her Britax car seat . -LRB- sorry I am not sure of the type but it is big and fits kids up to 50 lbs . -RRB- So it lasted for two round trip plane rides so far .
 I bought this bag to travel alone with my son last month . I have previously traveled alone with him , but always had someone meeting me to help with all my luggage and gear , this time I did not . I would not have made it without this bag ! Like other reviewers stated you are also able to throw in a few extra items since the car seat is going for free anyway , which was great ! This fit my Peg Perego convertible seat just fine and it made getting through the airport alone possible ! I would highly recommend this bag even if you are n't traveling alone , the ability to put the car-seat on your back is just wonderful !
 Ordered this travel bag for use with the Britax Boulevard 70 . The car seat fits in nicely and there is even some room for additional small items to be stored in the bag . It fits nicely when worn as backpack -- much more convenient than the bags that are awkwardly carried on your shoulder . The bag has made about 20 flight segments so far , and it is still holding up great . I definitely recommend it !
 Weathered the first plane trip well . Will keep it even though it does n't quite fit our Evenflo Symphony 65e Advanced without me having to take the head side protection piece off -LRB- not too difficult to do , but not supposed to according to the car seat manufacturer -RRB- . The manufacturer of this carrier should widen the top portion by quite a bit in order to accommodate this type of seat , then it would be perfect!The backpack feature was actually quite comfortable , padding adequate - at least for short distances.UPDATE -LRB- 2/18/13 -RRB- : I 've used this at least twice now . Someone -LRB- ?! -RRB- got a little impatient with taking the top portion of our Evenflo seat off and one of the plastic pieces that snap into the foam tore through the foam . Still does n't seem to affect the integrity of the SIP piece , but hate to know it 's like that and now have to be more careful when taking apart . Just an FYI in case anyone wants to use this for this particular car seat ! I know I really appreciated knowing WHAT car seats these things actually work for when I looked into it originally . Took a chance with ours , and still glad I got the bag - it 's very sturdy and nice to have a little extra storage space in the free-to-check car seat !
 First of all , I wish I 'd bought these -LRB- or , rather , known they existed -RRB- three years ago ! They 're AWESOME . Being able to shove extra stuff in these is a LIFESAVER in todays airline world . We bought two of these for our Britax Marathon -LRB- 2009/2010 version , not the most recent -RRB- car seats , and they fit perfectly . We recently went to Disney World and flew Spirit Airlines back -LRB- first time with that airline -RRB- . We did not notice that the weight limit was 40 lbs , not 50 , for that airline . We got to the ticket counter and were told it would be 50 $ extra each bag for the overweight . We were able to move things around and into these bags ... several stuffed animals -LRB- purchases -RRB- , shoes , clothes , and tons of other items and save ourselves 100 $ on overweight luggage . I try not to flout the rules like that , but DW with 2 kids under 4 is enough trouble as it is . These suckers held up beautifully on the way out there . Spirit did slice a hole in the top of one -LRB- and a hole in the top of the carseat cover that is actually ON the seat ... -RRB- that looks like it was hit with a razor . The bag still functions okay though . I think we 'll have to sew it up and duct tape it so it does n't rip wider the next time , but I 'll admit the thing was probably 50 lbs by the time it went through their luggage . Even though they were both that heavy , wearing it like a backpack did n't hurt my back or shoulders at all . The weight is surprisingly well distributed . I highly recommend !
 Went on a flight with 3 stops and it held up . That is all that matters . This is awesome!Thank you
 We used these to check our Nautilus and Triumph , and they were great ! Triumph was just a tad snug around the sides , but both had plenty of room to spare in the seat itself and at the base . Both seats made it there and back with no issue , no tears in the bags . Wearing the seat on your back , alone , with a kid in tow gets you tons of sympathy at the airport , too : -RRB-
 This car seat cover was great for airline travel - held up well and was plenty large enough . Was roomy enough to put other items in the seat area and save packing space . The airline are hard on checked items so it protected the car seat .
 We purchased this for our Chicco Cortina Key Fit 30 car seat and base . We gate checked our car seat and base . It kept our car seat and base clean and scratch free . We like that this bag is worn on the back . This way you are free to hold other things . Caution when using this on your back ... it 's large , so you need someone to spot you when you walk about airports ... otherwise you could hit someone with it .
 This car seat cover is awesome . I highly recommend it . I was so worried about having to check-in my infant car seat w / base in an airplane . This cover fit the infant seat and base perfectly with extra room . It 's padded and kept everything intact . I did n't have to worry about it getting damaged . Some people say oh , just throw your car seat in a plastic garbage bag and call it good . I would n't do that . I 've seen those people throw luggage around and toss it in the plane . You do n't want your car seat thrown around like that . At least if it 's in this case , it has less of a chance of getting damaged . It 's easy to zip the seat in there and with the straps you can carry it on your back . Flying is stressful enough especially if you 're by yourself with your infant . This cover will give you peace of mind when checking your car seat .
 The Recaro car seat BARELY fits in this thing , but the seat is freakin ' huuuge . It seems very well made , but , and this is a big but ... After one trip , there is significant wear on the bottom corners . I was planning on using this thing for at least another year , and I usually fly with the kid 2-3 times per year . It may not make it in one piece . I guess that it is sacrificing itself for the good of the seat . I will probably end up putting some reinforcement patches on the corners . The backpack straps work well , but you kind of look like an enormous hunch back walking through the airport and getting in to elevators with this thing on can be funny .
 We 've used 2 of these bags for at least 5 flights now . Have had them about 2 years . The biggest issue we had was that one zipper went off track the first time we used it , so that one has to be zipped around to one side . The other usually gets both zippers pulled to the top . It 's still perfectly functional and we did n't have time to return . The backpack feature has saved us , although we pack the extra space with diapers and coats , generally , so that makes them mighty heavy . We 've never had far to go as we always check our seats . Once is a Britax Marathon , the other a Britax something else ... and we 've had a Graco Infant Seat with or without the base in one a few times , too . Having now survived a number of multiple-transfers flights , they 're a little dirty and there are a few small tears -LRB- none longer than 2 inches -RRB- . The padding is still in great shape , all the other zippers are behaving , and these really do give peace of mind that your expensive carseats are protected . Plus , they make a huge difference in how much we can pack !
 The carrier is not as sturdy as I expected . I will be using this soon and hope that it meets our expectations .
 This fits our Britax Marathon car seat -LRB- which is really big -RRB- . I totally love this thing because we travel a lot . It 's so nice to have it in a backpack form instead of another roller when you are trying to get through the airport . I would buy it again in a second .
 We bought this for a cross-country flight with our two-year old , and it worked very well . We used it with a Cosco Scenera seat that we bought specifically for the trip and it fit perfectly in the bag . Yes , it 's bulky , but folds up just fine -LRB- we stowed under the seat -RRB- .
 This bag has survived two overseas trips and two domestic air trips and is still in good shape . The bag straps make carrying easier . Originally used this with our son 's rear facing graco seat and also worked when we purchased a front facing humongous graco seat.I 'll be purchasing another one for my daughter 's car seat .
 We bought this to use on a Britax Marthon car seat . It was a bit of a tight squeeze the first time we zipped it up but we were able to get it closed . I also have an older child and I was able to put her booster seat bottom in as well . The backpack straps make it easy to cary when your hands are full and it is made of thick material and had no damage on our trip which entailed 4 different planes . I would recommend this to others and my sister saw it and is ordering one for herself as well .
 We used this for our peg perego primo viaggio infant car seat . It did it a great job fitting it and protecting it .
 Really good carrier , well made but be sure you shorten/tuck in the strap because the baggage carriers/conveyer belts cut them off .
 This is a great bag . Easy to carry as a back-pack and kept our car seat in perfect condition during the flight .
 We purchased this bag for our Britax marathon convertible carseat . The bag is plenty big for the seat and I found the material and make of the bag to be high quality and durable .
 Used this for a recent trip , it was very handy ! Being able to carry the seat on my back when walking through the airport was much easier , as we have two kids now -LRB- an infant and a toddler -RRB- . We checked the bag , no apparent tears after two flights checking it . It fit our Britax seat perfectly -LRB- we even stashed some extra stuff into the bag on the way home like my wife 's breast pump . Highly Recommend .
 I am so happy with this purchase ! We have used this carrier with a Britax Marathon car seat on 8 flights so far and it is so durable I foresee it lasting for the life span of this car seat at least . My husband and I have taken turns wearing the carrier on our backs through the airports and we have also checked the whole thing as well.I do not trust car rental car seats and always prefer to take our own , I like that once you get past security you can pack whatever you want into this bag , gate check it -LRB- for free on almost all airlines -RRB- and get a few more items in without these ridiculous baggage fees . Great for coats , etc. . The carrier is a snug fit on our Britax , but it fits perfectly , just requires some patience when zipping up . Most airports made us take it out to go through security but it was not a big deal.The only downfall is that you may feel a bit silly walking around with this giant mound on your back , but we have passed several couples with the same thing in airports and it is totally worth it.The carrier is comfortable for me to wear on my back , but was heavy for me to carry by hand -LRB- my husband was OK with it -RRB- . I would usually put my daughter in an Ergo Baby carrier on my front and this car seat carrier on my back -LRB- see photo I attached to the product page -RRB- and we pile the rest of our bags into her stroller and go . I feel the padding helps protect the car seat from any less than gentle baggage handlers.The one thing I have not yet tried is carrying this on the plane to install the car seat on a plane seat , but I will be attempting this in a few weeks so I will report back.I am glad I went with this model as I choose a cheaper route with our stroller bag and have regretted that -LRB- cheap red one -RRB- .
 This bag worked very well to protect the seat -LRB- and to pack some extra baby stuff in . -RRB- The straps make it convenient and easy to carry . The backpack is not comfortable to carry for a long period of time . I found myself putting it down almost every chance I got . I highly recommend this bag to use to check your seat for travel , but not to carry to the gate . Car to ticket counter is fine , but much further than that and it would be quite uncomfortable .
 I recently traveled for the first time alone with my month old ... I did n't want her carseat to get rough and dirty up by the airlines ... as well as I was limited in my amount of hands considering it was just the two of us !! This product was a life saver . Her seat was easily transported and never saw the dirt or roughness of baggage claim . First trip was a success . Product does n't have the construct to make a million airline trips but looks durable enough to last the average traveller to Grandmother house ! Brilliant purchase for me !
 I bought two of these bags to haul two big heavy Britax Boulevard car seats back and fourth to Europe four times as well as on a few domestic trips and flights within Europe . -LRB- I 've even loaned them out once -RRB- Very durable and easy to use . Backpack straps make it easy to get from curb to ticket counter ... . baggage claim to ground transportation.I usually check the car seats in these bags and have never had a problem , in fact I usually stuff a bunch of other items -LRB- diapers , etc -RRB- in the bag with the car seat and get it on the plane for free ! -LRB- I do have higher than average frequent flyer status though and I am very kind to the ticket agent so they are nice to me -RRB- . You just need to be sure the zipper is properly closed and not stressed . the zipper is the weak link . The bag has proper padding and is substantial for a soft light design .
 This holds the car seat really well with some room left over . It is great when you have lotsa luggage and kids while traveling . The only issue is the zipper . It is cheap . It should be better quality , the same one for a winter coat . I used it twice and have to replace the zipper .
 I recently traveled alone to FL with my 16 month old son . I have a Britax Marathon 70 carseat that fit easily into the bag . The carseat was heavy , but the straps are padded and helped to spread out the weight . This bag left my hands free to push the stroller as well as carry my carry-on bag . I checked the carseat , and the bag protected it well during transport and handling . I will definitely use this bag in the future , and recommend it for streamlined air travel .
 After days of searching for a decent car seat travel bag online , I am SO happy that I picked this one ! -LRB- Unfortunately , I ca n't say the same thing about another JL Childress stroller bag I bought at the same time ... -RRB- EVERY baby gear travel bag should be padded like this one . I have a Maxi-Cosi car seat and after putting it in the bag , I had room left over for a bag of toys and blankets and such ... My husband -LRB- who is a constant complainer about all the gear baby needs to travel with -RRB- really appreciated the straps -LRB- but be careful ! it 's a big bag with everything in it and he almost took out a lady at the ticket counter by turning around ! -RRB- . This may sound cheesy but this bag is worth every penny and you wo n't regret buying it . Multiple trips later , there are no tears and still looks good !
 I purchased two of these car seat travel bags for a recent flight and I could n't be happier . First , I found these bags just a week before my vacation and was very pleased that they arrived in time for my flight with a few days to spare using standard shipping . Secondly , they fit my Britax Boulevard car seats perfectly . They were very easy to zip into the bags and I was able to pack a few blankets inside as well . I felt confident knowing that my pricy car seats were protected during the flight and it was very easy to identify the bags on the baggage carousel .
 I purchased this bag for a trip . I did n't want my $ 300 Britax to get destroyed . My Britax Decathalon fit perfectly and we even put some heavy coats in the seat instead of our suitcases ! The bag held up well and my seat was perfect at the end of our trip ! I * thought * I was purchasing a bag with wheels . That is the only thing I wish it had . Otherwise , great product !
 We fly somewhat frequently and got sick of renting toddler seats -LRB- up to $ 60 a time -RRB- or trying to balance our toddler seat on top of our suit cases . We have a Brittex car seat , which is fairly big and bulky . This backpack is the best !!!! My husband just put it on his back and was able to go -LRB- and pull all the suitcases with ease -RRB- ! I can even carry it around with ease -- and I am pretty small . It held up fine during our holiday travel and we ca n't wait to use it again . I wish I had one when my eight year old was smaller .
 The first car seat bag we bought -LRB- Eddie Bauer -RRB- broke on the first trip . This one , worked like a charm and was easy for my husband to carry on his back . Well worth the money !
 I bought this for a big trip in May and it did wonderfully . I checked in my carseat and when we were at our destination , my carseat was n't damage and the bag held up wonderfully . My husband and Dad wore it like a backpack out to the vehicle and they had no complaints . Overall , happy with my purchase . The fabric is very tough .
 i was scared that our Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 would not fit . . it did and still have room cant wait to take it on the plane . . i rated it 4 n not 5 cause i have not tried it out yet . . but i put a picture of my husband with the bag
 I bought this bag to protect out car seat from getting too dirty when we went to Orlando FL because we paid a lot for the seat and did n't want it messed up . What i loved the most is that you can carry it like a back pack and its big we have a Complete Air car seat and I was n't sure it would fit but it did no problem !!! After trip with luggage being moved 6 times in all no rips or holes good to go for next time ... love it
 This bag has been very handy.Love that its padded , to keep our $ 300 car seat safe.The drawback is a crappy zipper.We probably got our money 's worth though , since we have used it for about 10 trips.I tried to get the zipper repaired , but they said it would cost $ 50 . I guess it 's time to buy a new bag.I am looking for one with wheels AND padding .
 This carrying case saved my back as well as a lot of money . We were going to be traveling for 3 weeks and did n't want to rent a carseat from the rental car company due to cost . Also wanted to ensure my son was comfortable while doing a lot of touring . This bag makes it so easy to carry the carseat while having your hands for luggage and such . Looks a bit ridiculous because of the size , but truly does the trick . Also found it extremely protective and durable .
 I just received this and am pleased with how my Safety 1st Onboard Air 35 and base fits . It leaves plenty of room for me to put clothes , diapers , etc -LRB- as suggested by another reviewer . -RRB- It seems to have adequate padding and the material seems pretty strong . I just bought this car seat so I 'm hoping this bag does the job , but I know airline cargo loaders are very rough on baggage . I also tried my Evenflo Tribute 5 convertible car seat in the bag and that fits fine also -LRB- that one is going on the plane -RRB- . I 'll update my review and let you know how it holds up on both flights !
 My toddler 's car seat is a Graco Snug Ride - slightly deeper than the Brittax equivalent . The travel bag fit the car seat perfectly . We tested it out on a recent trip and the bag worked like a charm . The material is sturdy and durable -LRB- like the rip-stop nylon found in better back packs -RRB- . The car seat remained clean and untouched over several airport transfers , too . The straps are the travel bag 's most convenient feature . I considered buying one without the straps but am relieved I paid the extra couple bucks for this model ; it left hands free to pull other luggage or push the stroller . This bag made our air travel much easier . I hope it lasts years .
 We bought this bag for a flight across the country and it was exactly as advertised . Very sturdy material , very lightweight , fit our Graco convertible car seat perfectly . We were even able to stuff our coats into it in addition so we did n't have to deal with those on the plane . The backpack style straps were very handy when picking up our checked luggage and trying to maneuver rolling suitcases , a stroller , carryon bags , and this . There is also a handy built-in label on the top , underneath the handle . Now that it has been through a round-trip flight on 4 planes , you can barely tell it 's been used . I expect it 'll last us for years . Definitely worth the money to buy this instead of renting a car seat at our destination . Especially since on our airline -LRB- AA -RRB- checking a car seat is free of charge , unlike our other checked luggage .
 This bag is TERRIFIC ! It is very comfortable to wear and has easily accommodated and protected our car seat on both domestic and international flights . It leaves your hands free to deal with the rest of your luggage -LRB- and your kids ! -RRB- and is sturdy without being heavy . It has suffered no damage in our travels . Because of this product , we have been able to continue using public transportation to get to the airport ; without it , we would have to use a taxi . It 's a great product , well worth its quite reasonable price .
 I must say if you are traveling with a car seat you NEED this ! Made our life easier carrying stuff onto the check in counter for once . On our return from our vacation we used all the extra space to pack stuff was perfect !
 Just took this out for it 's maiden voyage and it was fantastic ! I checked my Chicco infant car seat with base and both arrived unharmed.The backpack feature was helpful to get up and down my 3 floor walk-up . I did n't carry through the airport this time but I 'm sure it will be great on our next trip this summer.Super helpful purchase for our first air travel trip , well worth the money to keep my car seat safe and secure .
 Worked like a charm . Was a little larger than needed for my BabyTrend car seat and base but that was a good thing because it left plenty of room for my daughter 's teddy bear , spare blankets , jackets and boppy pillow . Worked great to carry as a backpack through the airport leaving hands free for lugging other luggage . Made it through the round trip flight without any damage to the bag or the carseat . The only negative factor is that the back could be a bit more padded . The bottom of the carseat base digs into the small of your back making carrying mildly uncomfortable . But since we were n't running a marathon carrying it , I think it worked beautifully and would definitely recommend it to other parents of young children . Next time , I will line the back of the bag with a blanket before placing the carseat inside and I 'm sure all will be fine .
 We purchased this bag and the Sunshine Kids rolling bag to try for a trip . When having both in the house the rolling bag was VERY heavy without the seat in it . I ca n't imagine what it would have been like with a seat . Our Diono Radiam RXT seat fit nicely in this . It was easy to put on my back and comfortable . It is also light without the car seat . The bag is made of a nice material and the straps seem secure . We also like that this bag is padded providing some portection . We really LOVED this bag .
 This worked great for gate checking our Maxi-Cosi Pria 70 . Had two small tears after the return flight . It will be easily patched , but would have been worth every penny even if it could n't be used again . So great to be able to carry our car seat through the airport `` hands-free '' .
 Great product - easy to carry as a backpack . We had two flights -LRB- both with connections -RRB- and it was great . I would recommend putting something on it to easily identify it as yours though ...
 We purchased this to carry our Maxi Cosi Mico carseat on a recent trip . It worked wonderfully ! Even with the carseat in the bag , it is incredibly roomy and we were able to stuff other items in there . It came through gate check with no issues . Highly recommend !
 I ordered this product because I read the product description and reviews , and they said it fitted almost every car seat , even big ones but that 's not true . We could n't make our car seat fit in it , but we know it 's pretty bulky . We have a Britax Advocate-3G that has the true-side impact system . We tried every position possible , but just could n't get the bag to close . I have to admit I liked the product design very much , cause it has lots of space for other stuff you might want to put in to avoid exceeding baggage weight limits , and the material seams pretty resistant . It 's also a bit less expensive than the Britax Bag , but if you have a Car Seat that has the True-Side Impact System , you will need the Britax Bag .
 We used this for our last trip , and it worked out great . TSA has to hand check the item , but does n't take too long . It was perfect for what we needed .
 Used it for one round-trip plane ride so far . A bit snug , but zipped shut fine ! And I was able to also pack it with a bunch of toys and such to leave more room in our suitcase we were sharing ! Was n't damaged at all ... so far ! Oh and we traveled alone , my daughter and I. . . I was able to wear this on my back with the huge convertible car seat , daughter in a carrier on my front , and rolled the suitcase with folded umbrella stroller sitting on top and backpack attached to the retractable handle , so had a hand FREE to check in !
 We purchased this item to check our Evenflo Symphony 65 carseat . I am happy to report that the bag -LRB- with carseat inside -RRB- made it through our travels , which included 4 flights and 2 connections , without any problems . There were no rips , tears , or broken zippers . The carset was a tight fit , but it fit . We were also able to store our diapers and wipes -LRB- and a few other things -RRB- in the seat of the carseat within the bag . I will say that this can be worn as a backpack ; however , it is very heavy with a full size carseat . My husband wore it that way from car to counter ; however , I do n't think he would have enjoyed it on his back while navigating the airport with 2 small children and all that entails . Overall , this bag served its purpose and I am thankful we bought it .
 We had a multi destination flight so the bag was gate checked a total of 9 times . My husband loved that he could wear it is a backpack cause that is the only way we could have carried everything . It held up pretty good except for a small tear on the outside fabric . I was a little disappointed with that especially if they are gon na charge so much for the bag I expect better performance . It did keep the car seat in tact though . So I give it 4 stars for convenience and it did keep the carseat clean and padded .
 This is the bag you want if you have a larger sized car seat . We tore apart another type trying to fit ours in once and this model is so much better . This one is durable and has survived several long trips in airplanes .
 We used this travel bag for a recent flight across the country , and it was fantastic ! Roomy , durable , and comfy . I 'd suggest wearing it around the house to get used to the shape , but the bonus is that you can check it for free !
 Fits the babyseat we have perfectly and the build quality is nice . The straps fit well and are n't too uncomfortable .
 After multiple trips and many airlines handling -LRB- or mishandling -RRB- the bag , I am very happy to report it 's still in one piece . We have a great car seat / booster and always take it with us when we rent cars in other cities on trips . This bag has taken a beating and its still holding up great !
 It was a VERY tight fit for our chicco travel system base and seat . But eventually I did get it to close and it worked fine .
 We used this for my 1yo son 's 2012 Britax Marathon . We bought him a seat on the plane with us , and used the car seat on the plane as well as to get to and from the airport on either side of the flight . It worked flawlessly for us , when I used it right . I 'm 6ft tall with a long back , and when I sat the car seat fully upright , the weight was reasonably well distributed -LRB- with a little more than I 'd like coming from the back edge of the bottom of the seat , which is why I 'm giving this 4 stars ; there should have been some extra padding down there -RRB- . FWIW , when I used it wrong it was terrible . The first time I loaded the seat in here , I did n't sit it all the way up , I left it in the rear-facing and reclined position I took it out of the car in . It barely fit that way , and it put all the weight of the thing on the bottom edge of the seat , sticking out nastily into the small of my back . Do n't be dumb like me and you wo n't have that problem .
 I 'll start out by saying , yes this is a little costly . I had thought about not making the purchase due to the price , but in the end felt it would be much easier to handle our car seat while traveling . The straps are thick and padded , easing the strain on ones shoulders . It is helpful for transport from vehicle to airport , then back again . Especially when you are dealing with suitcases and children . We checked our car seat with the airline . When I received it back , there was a large hole in the bag . This was disappointing ! But , thankfully I 'm not buying another car seat instead . I have a Graco Nautilus 3-In-1 car seat , which I find large and bulky . So as far as size , the travel bag should fit most car seats .
 My wife and I travel a lot with our kids and we need to bring our car seats with us because the car rental companies charge too much for seat rental . I wanted to buy something that would last and would be able to go through the loving hands of the TSA and airline workers and not be destroyed . These are perfect . The back pack style works great for traveling through the airports and keeps your hands free . Also there is plenty of space inside that we sometimes sneak in a few items if our baggage is over a few pounds to avoid additional baggage fees .
 I flip flopped about whether or not we needed a carrier for our car seat for soooo long . Mostly this was because many options are expensive . After seeing many other positive reviews , we took a chance on this Ultimate Car Seat Travel Bag . We 'd planned to rent one through our car rental company for a recent trip , but for a 3 day trip , this bag was cost neutral . It just barely holds our Britax Marathon , and I can see how the seams would rip on the upper sides if the bag was tossed around some . It seems that this would only be an issue with larger car seats.Otherwise , the carrier is surprisingly comfortable to carry . Definitely worth having .
 We have a Britax Boulevard G3 , and that thing is BULKY and HUGE . It fits in here no problem , with plenty of room to spare . After Christmas vacation we came home with much more than we went with , and we were able to cram lots of extra things in here . Southwest does n't count this as a bag either , and we checked it when we checked our other luggage .
 This is a really well made product , very durable and it has kept our car seat damage free on flights so far .
 Ordered two of these for a family move and we needed to take 2 car seats with us . Seemed like the perfect solution . These carries come packed in a zippered , reusable storage bag . Found them really easy to use ; place the car seat in the bag and put the padding in the right spot . The back-pack straps were great because it was easy to throw on and wrangle the kids and the other luggage . They sell some with roller wheels , but depending on how much luggage you have , it may not be worth it . 1600 miles later , our car seats arrived un-damaged . Taking off 1-start because I wish it was a little bit bigger . It was a tight fight for our forward-facing booster seat.I would recommend this product .
 We used this travel bag to fly from Michigan to California . -LRB- They lost the car seat on the way home . -RRB- We suspect the car seat and bag and both doing well somewhere in New Jersey now . It made the car seat so easy to pull while I carried my back pack , my heavy carry on plus my daughters Thomas the Train suitcase . Great for the Britax Marathon car seat . It fit JUST RIGHT !
 JL Childress Ultimate Car Seat Travel BagWe love this back pack car seat bag and now own 2 of them . The bags have been through many trips and have held up very well . The bag fits many different types of carseats -- including our Graco infant seat & base and also our Britax car seat for the older child . It 's pretty comfortable to carry on your back and wheel the rest of your luggage . When I was pregnant with our 2nd child , my husband put the back pack on and a baby carrier on the front . Both made getting through the airport escalators , etc. very easy . We do n't use strollers on trips -- it 's easier to travel without them.Mom tip -- I like to use a clear zip bag -LRB- like the one you get when you buy a comforter or similar -RRB- to stow all their clothes , diapers , etc. in the same piece of luggage with the car seat . That way if they inspect that piece of luggage , they can see everything through the clear plastic & do n't have to go through it quite as much -LRB- I also put small stuff in ziploc bags just in case they do so that they wo n't lose the pacifiers , etc. -RRB- . Also , if you 're going to put clothes in with the carseats , it 's a lot easier to use a separate bag that you can quickly throw in on top of the car seat & take out as you 're going to/from the airport.Just make sure the backpack does n't get too heavy because we 've had to repair one of the bags after overloading it on several trips . Now we put anything heavy -LRB- like a Costco size can of formula -RRB- in our luggage . It 's also smart not to weigh yourself down too much since you 're carrying it on your back . I agree with one of the other reviewers -- the center of gravity is a little odd because of the car seat so it is possible to get off balance if you bend over to do something with it on your back so be careful !
 Our Ultimate bag has survived multiple trans-Atlantic flights and 6 + Caribbean/European/US domestic flights per year since 2004 -LRB- it 's now Aug. 2008 -RRB- . It has a few rips which are completely the fault of the airline -LRB- one looks like an actual knife cut it -RRB- , which I 've mended with duct tape , and still it keeps going . I absolutely can not recommend it enough for its durability . By comparison , we purchased a ` cheap ' alternative last year for our 2nd child . That thing was absolutely destroyed in one single trip overseas . The Ultimate Travel Bag is head and shoulders above its competition . I CAN NOT RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY ENOUGH . If you want something with wheels - I see that 's an alternate model now . I would warn , however , the `` other '' bag we bought , it had wheels - and those were the first things the airlines popped off .
 This bag is exactly what we needed for our Britax Boulevard . We did n't want wheels since our hands are already full pulling our wheeled luggage and pushing the stroller . So the backpack design was perfect . I would n't want to hike the Grand Canyon carrying it on my back , but for the walk to the ticket counter it was fine . Backpacks that are designed to comfortably carry heavy loads long distances are hundreds of dollars . I think this bag strikes a good balance between cost and comfort . Caution - I knelt down to the floor to get something out of my suitcase and almost toppled over like a turtle ! The car seat is so large is definately affects your balance.There is no sign of wear following our first trip with it . Construction seems sturdy and it is well paded .
 While we have not yet been able to travel with it ... that is still a few weeks away . We really like the sturdy material and padding . The biggest plus we found is that it still fits the Britax Advocate CS car seat ... which is a few inches wider than most because of the side impact protection . I wanted to make sure that other people who may have the advocate CS saw this info . I 'll update my review after I travel with it .
 LOVE this car seat bag!Fits Britax Marathon convertible seat -LRB- which we love -RRB- perfectly , plus I can fit a few other items on the seat and still zips up without any problems , which is great for airline travel!Before , I used it for a rear facing infant seat -LRB- baby trend flex-loc -RRB- plus the base when traveling by air , and that worked wonderfully as well ! With the smaller infant seat , I could actually fit about 60 diapers , plus a small bag for all my baby 's clothes for the trip , some toys , blankies AND still had room ! I did n't even really need an additional bag for her ! I think I may have packed some items in my own suitcase that were hers , but I always pack way more than I ever need.Also great because airlines do not charge luggage fees for baby items such as car seats or play yards !! Woohoo ! A way to beat the system and save some cash while on vaca , folks!Love that this bag is padded - you spend a lot of money on a good car seat and you want it protected while in the care of luggage handlers.Straps are easily adjustable.Never had a problem with the zipper , which surprised me , but it is actually quite sturdy.Has been through many trips and has zero wear ! Tough fabric!Love the spot on top to put your information on it.It is a little awkward to have on your back and it does bump you in the back of the legs , but I am also short at 5 feet 2 inches , so maybe a taller person would n't have that problem . I thought about getting one with wheels , however , I would already be pushing a stroller with my daughter in it and wheeling a bag or two of my luggage so I did n't want yet another thing to roll around.It does get a little heavy on your back as well , but once again , I 'm short and a very petite weakling so for an average person , I think it 'd be fine ! Also , keep in mind that you probably wo n't have it on your back for long if you 're checking it with your other luggage . If you plan on gate checking it ... Well , I think I would just recommend checking it with your other luggage !! Would be great if it came in a few other colors , but black is fine , and it does n't show dirt so that works for me . I just put a bright colored ribbon , bandanna , or unique luggage tag somewhere for easy identification . -LRB- Of all luggage , I do not want my child 's carseat to be accidentally grabbed by someone else ! -RRB- When I 'm not traveling , I use it to store our infant car seat and base , keeping it looking great and protecting it for future use.Take it from a frequent traveler , the bottom line is this bag is awesome ! ******* UPDATE ******** We 've had this car seat bag for over 2 years now and it 's still doing a great job!Most recently , on a trip to Phoenix from St. Louis , the zipper did pop open very slightly , however no items came out . I was concerned about it for the flight back home , but the zipper stayed shut , so I 'm assuming it was an airline personnel grab that popped the zipper.I 'm still amazed at the durability of the fabric and padded sections . Very easy to get seat in and out . My only issue with it is it 's very large and since it 's padded -LRB- which I love -RRB- , it 's hard to get it to a more compact size while on vacation . Usually just leave it in the trunk or stash it in a closet so it 's not a huge deal , but just kinda bugs me.Still HIGHLY RECOMMEND this ! LOVE IT ! ****** ANOTHER UPDATE !! 12/2012 ******** We 've had the bag for a loooong time now . Have used it from the infant seat to the Britax Marathon and now she is 5 years old and we just bought the Britax Frontier 85 - FITS PERFECTLY in this bag ! I am thrilled !!!! -LRB- If you have a Britax Frontier 85 Sict , however , I do not believe it would fit in this bag , but the original Frontier 85 fits great ! -RRB-
 This is the best car seat bag I have owned so far ... and I have purchased them all as I constantly travel overseas through the year with my kids and their car seats . So I really put my car seat bags to the test and constantly have to replace them.I usually purchase the car seat bags with wheels , but decided on this one as it was padded and thought it might last longer . The other car seat bags I have purchased would not even make it one international trip with connecting flights and normally end up ripping.I fit my son 's Britax Frontier Booster car seat -LRB- it 's huge and very heavy -RRB- perfectly in this bag and even had room for coats and things . At the airport I carried the car seat on my back -LRB- backpack style -RRB- , while carrying my infant on my front -LRB- in a carrier -RRB- and pushing my toddler in a stroller ... and I am not a large woman and I did just fine.After checking the car seat bag and having it gone through many different hands and connecting flights ... 20 hours later . I was very impressed when I picked it up off the luggage belt . It looked exactly liked it did when I first checked it in ... perfect.My previous experiences of car seat bags after travel have not been good . Normally the bags are scuffed or torn or the wheels have been torn off . While I was worried the straps from the backpack part might be torn or get snagged , they were in perfect condition after traveling.I highly recommend this car seat bag to anyone who travels with their child 's car seat on a regular basis . You will get your money 's worth out of it .
 I purchased this bag when I was traveling with my infant son . I will start off by saying that I thought the quality of this bag exceeded my expectations . The canvas material is very thick and durable . The zippers are wide and sturdy . The straps are attached very well and have a thick , durable strap material . I purchased a stroller bag from my stroller 's manufacturer and was very disappointed in the quality . Based on the quality of this car seat bag , I wish that I would have purchased a stroller bag from this manufacturer as well.I was able to easily fit my Chicco Key Fit 30 Infant Car Seat and Base into this bag . It seems as though this bag is likely constructed for a convertible or forward facing carseat , but I was able to fit my infant car seat into it without too much of a struggle . I just popped the carseat into the base and then put the entire thing in the bag . I was able to easily carry the carseat on my back and push the stroller or pull the suitcase . The straps make it very manageable . We have a Britax Marathon Convertible Carseat and I tried it out in the bag ... fit in easily.I took a previous reviewers advice and was able to an additional bag in with the carseat in the bag . Even with the carseat in there , I had plenty of room for other items -LRB- though I would heed the previous reviewers advice to not overload it , due to weight restrictions -RRB- . Though it is probably an isolated case , I will tell you that when we went to baggage claim for our trip on the way down , the bag was unzippered and the bag inside was hanging out . Now , I 'm not sure if TSA opened the bag to check the carseat and did n't put it back in properly -LRB- likely case in my opinion -RRB- or someone tried to break into the bag . I really do n't see how the bag would have come open otherwise because the zippers are very secure . For that reason , I 'm not faulting the bag at all . That said , if you put anything inside , I would highly recommend not leaving it loose . I would put it in a bag and then probably loop the straps of the bag to the carseat somehow -LRB- i.e. loop straps through the carseat buckles -RRB- . I did this and did n't end up with anything missing , but had I put loose items in , I probably would have been missing some stuff.Of note , at the time of this review , you should not have to pay extra to check a carseat nor does it count towards any free luggage allowance . I will tell you , at different airports it came out at different baggage claims . Once it came out with the normal baggage and once it came out in oversized items . If you ca n't find it with the regular baggage , check the oversized area .
 We purchased this car seat bag for a cross country trip from CA to MD. . We were traveling with 2 kids under 3 , 3 full sized suitcases , 2 carry on bags , a child 's back pack and a Britax Marathon that we were taking on the plane . Since we clearly had our hands -LSB- more than -RSB- full we decided to go with the back pack style carrier . This is a very decent bag . It 's affordably mid-priced ; thicker and provides more padding than the sack type bags , and much cheaper than the brand name car seat bags like Britax etc. . We used it with my son 's Britax Frontier . He still uses the Frontier in harness mode , and the head rest is not fully up -- under THESE conditions , the Frontier will fit in this bag as well . There was a ton of room left in the bag for things like packs of diapers and coats.Would I want to walk through an entire airport wearing it on my back ? No . Honestly though , * I * do n't believe it was designed for that anyway . If you need the car seat with you in the airport go for the Go Go Kidz Travelmate and wheel it with you . This did very well getting to the ticket counter and protecting our car seat during the flight process . Once it 's on your back with the car seat in it you 'll need to be careful not to turn around too quickly because it 's bulky and you may knock down a bystander . In my opinion this is meant to leave your hands free to take care of other business , it 's not meant to be a cushy back pack that allows you to tote along your car seat with ease through an airport . This bag did a great job for the money we paid for it and I would recommend it to friends .
 Britax Advocate 70 cs owners do not buy it does NOT fit no matter how hard you try !!!! do not buy if you have a Britax other wise made really well .
 This is a sturdy bag that offers good protection for gate checking your car seat . It is reasonably comfortable to carry on your back.Be careful about fit - We have a Britax Advocate 70 CS . Admittedly it 's a huge car seat with side padding that makes the car seat very wide . We really struggled to get the car seat into this bag . One of us had to press the sides together while the other one zipped . One person alone definitely would not be able to get this car seat into this bag.UPDATE
 We recently went on our first airplane ride with our baby and were concerned about checking in the car seat due to the horror stories we had read online . We found this product on Amazon & it was highly recommended . It is worth every dime.The bag is big enough for any car seat . We haveGraco Snugride 35 Infant Car Seat , Rittenhouse -LRB- different color -RRB- and we were able to easily fit the seat and the base in the bag . We could have put more stuff in there as others have suggested but it was a snug fit and we did n't want to damage the bag . We did put the plastic bag it comes in inside the bag so we do n't lose it . We checked the bag at the check-in counter -LRB- it was free -RRB- . At the destination , the bag came with the rest of bags on the belt . The bag looked good and once we got the seat out , it looked fine too . The best part is that bag folds easily so that it can be put in the original bag.The bag is better padded than cheaper options that I saw in the local store . Considering the cost of the car seat and the precious person it keeps safe , I think bag if a good investment .
 This is a great sturdy bag for traveling . My daughter 's Chicco car seat fit perfectly and the bag was even strong enough to handle the baggage claims at the airport . The padding keep my daughter 's car seat secure and clean . As for shipping I received the product in no time . I would recommend this bag to any mommy that have to carry their own child car seat when traveling .
 We have had this bag now for more than 2 years . More than a dozen plane rides . It 's been all over the country and beyond . No damage at all , this thing is built to survive it all . We 've used it with two seperate car seats . The Graco Snugride 32 fits both base and seat easily - plus some . The Evenflo Symphony 65 e3 is considerably larger and BARELY fits -LRB- with a little struggle -RRB- - but it does fit - and allows for additional items as well.We would not travel by plane -LRB- and take a car seat -RRB- without this bag . Since airlines typically allow a car seat or stroller free , this bag pays for itself -LRB- in terms of less checked bag fees -RRB- since you can put quite a bit in the bag in addition to the car seat . It 's like the car seat AND an extra bag fly free . Plus , the backpack straps allow us to move all the luggage with extra hands . It can get a bit awkward on the back and , depending on how much extra stuff you have in it , it can get a little heavy cause it holds so much . BUT , backpack use is typically for short durations , and it is VERY convenient.There are other , cheaper options out there , but this is well worth the money .
 We bought this to protect our late 2011 Britax Boulevard CS while traveling from one coast to the other . The cover fit our carseat perfectly , and we even stuffed my winter jacket , more diapers , and some wipes in with it before we checked it -LRB- there is no extra charge for checking a carseat ... at least on Southwest , as of March 2012 -RRB- . The backpack feature came in handy , as my husband had to carry it , plus a large suitcase , a large rolling bag , and his regular carry-on . This left me to carry the baby in the front pack , the backpack ` diaper bag , ' and a roller bag in each hand . Not to say that it was n't awkward to carry on one 's back , because the carseat itself is still big and kind of heavy ... but it freed up hands enough for 2 people to carry a total of 7 large items that needed carrying -LRB- if you count the baby ! -RRB- . It stood up to its first voyages well , no damage of any kind across 4 different flights . It was well worth the price , even if we only get to use it a couple more times . Carseats are NOT cheap , so the little bit of extra protection we paid for with this Travel bag was worthwhile . For double protection , you could let the airline put a plastic bag over your carseat and travel bag -- protect both investments . We did n't ` double bag ' and everything came out unscathed .
 Bought and used for baby 's first plane travel . Putting in an infant car seat -LRB- Graco Snugride 35 -RRB- was a little awkward with the base . The bag looks to be designed for a convertible car seat . Carrying was a little awkward and dug into my hips a bit , but not a big issue . We also stuffed jackets and diapers into the extra space , although one of the airline check-in person says we 're not allowed to do so and have it count as a car seat -LRB- no charge for checking in car seat -RRB- . He even implied that we were not allowed to use a bag like this ! Other time we checked in the lady had no comments at all , so it may depend on how onerous your airline is .
 We bought the ultimate car seat travel bag for a recent trip to Disney World . With carry on bags , two suitcases , a stroller , and our britax boulevard , we wanted the easiest way to carry our stuff into and through the airport . My husband carried the car seat and was pleasantly surprised that it was very light and manageable in the bag . He were gate checking the cars seat in the bag so he carried it for quite a while . We were both very happy with the travel bag . It held up very well and made traveling very easy . It is big , but it has to be in order to fit the boulevard . This is a great product to help lug a big car seat .
 We bought this for our vacation . We wanted something that would protect our sons car seat and free up our hands . The padding made it more comfortable and our hands were free to carry the baby and diaper bag . Great buy !
 After reviewing several similar products we decided on the JL Childress Ultimate Carseat Travel Bag . We chose the one without wheels . My husband is a little over 6 ' and I am about 5 ' 8 '' . The pack fit both of us very well and was surprisingly comfortable . We checked one of our carseats and carried on the other . The one that was checked had a little damage to the zipper but it still works fine . The one that was carried on was a bit cumbersome to go through security with as they required us to remove the carseat completely . The bags accomodated our Graco Nautalis carseats with room left over for winter coats and the hats , mittens ... I would strongly recommend this product for anyone traveling with small children .
 I purchased this bag to fly with my 17 month old . The bag easily fit my Britax Convertible Roundabout seat . There was still room to stash blanket and a couple jackets . I 'm 5 ' 2 '' and I used this as a backpack so that I could push a stroller and pull a rolling suitcase behind - and it worked like a charm . It was pretty lightweight and fit comfortably . I think I looked pretty ridiculous , like I was carrying a cello on my back - but at the end of the day , I was able to carry all of our luggage and the seat was padded & protected . Quality construction .
 I am so happy with this purchase . We recently took our 1 year old on her first flight and used this bag to carry her car seat in -LRB- still an infant car seat -- Chicco Keyfit 30 -RRB- . The bag is padded everywhere except the zipper flap portion , which theoretically i guess doesnt really need to be padded because that 's where the seat goes in.The bag is more designed to hold a bigger car seat , so when you are using an infant seat you have plenty of extra room to spare . We put more items in like diapers , blankets , clothes , etc. I greatly appreciate the backpack straps , makes it a lot easier to lug around.I flew United and Southwest , both let us gate check this big bag which is really nice -LRB- gate check means you leave it at the doorway of the airplane , they pick it up , and then when you get off the airplane you pick it up right there , no need to go to baggage claim -RRB- . At your gate you just ask the person at the desk for a gate check tag.The only annoying thing about this bag is that it is so big that it wont fit through the security scanner conveyor belt . I had to take everything OUT -LRB- carseat , etc -RRB- and run each item one-by-one through security . However , that inconveninece is WELL worth it to me to be able to gate check it , instead of checking it in and having to pick it up at baggage claim .
 I bought this to protect our Britax Marathon 70 -LRB- which is rather large -RRB- during our frequent flights . It has held up very well for about 6 flights . It has started to tear at a seam , but considering how much we 've used it and how rough the baggage handlers are , that 's not surprising . The backpack straps make it easier to carry , but it 's not the most comfortable . I 'm very pleased with this product , especially for the price . I would recommend using a luggage lock to keep the zippers closed .
 I 'm happy with our purchase ; it has held up to two round trips so far , but there could be some improvements to the bag . We 're currently using it for our keyfit30 infant carrier , anticipating that we 'll use it for a larger convertible car seat later . The infant seat fits snugly in the bottom half of the bag.The bag seems well made and has padding on the sides and back - but does not have padding on the zipperred front flap . The description is somewhat misleading since it says fully padded , but since a full size carrier will sit with its padding towards the front its probably not a problem . And since there is so much extra room with the infant carrier we 've been putting coats and some baby items in the bag to fill it up and protect the top of the carrier.It would be nice if this bag had wheels since every time we 've used it we 've gate checked it and it is quite heavy and bulky to carry when loaded up . But the backpack straps have held up so far and it can be stacked on a roller board - its just awkward to maneuver.Overall , this seemed like the best constructed bag for the price that would protect our carrier from the baggage banging , and it has done this so far . I just wish it was available with wheels - then I would give it five stars .
 I bought this in April 2011 and have used it for five round trip flights and it still looks brand new.It has served me well!One thing to consider
 We used to have a car seat bag on wheels , but by the end of our first trip it completely fell apart and the straps were painful to use for carrying a heavy car seat.We bought this one after reading the reviews and it worked great for us . We were able to fit our Britax Marathon carseat along with the booster part of our Graco Nautalis 3 in 1 in the bag -LRB- the cup part had to go in first and it left about an 8 inch section unzipped -RRB- . It is a huge bag , but really sturdy and I did n't worry about it tearing or breaking . It has a strong zipper too . I would absolutely recommend it to anyone .
 This was one of the best purchases I 've ever made . People at the airport ask me about it all the time . It 's very durable and pretty well cushioned . It beats wrapping the car seat in a plastic bag . I paid less than $ 50 for it and it was well worth it .
 We recently used this for round-trip Boston to San Francisco . It fit our older model , larger infant car seat and base , although it was pretty full . The straps are plain nylon without padding , but we were able to wear it like a backpack without too much discomfort . The zipper is not the sturdiest of zippers , and in the heat of the moment -LRB- when you are standing at the ticket desk -RRB- putting the carseat in the bag and trying to zip it up in a hurry -LRB- to then check -RRB- , I could see how the zipper might go wrong . If it broke while we were at the airport , we would have been in a bit of a pickle.That being said , we checked this bag , and it came out unscathed . It served us well , and we will use it again the next time we fly .
 It is a little pricey but we used it for the first time last weekend and was very good . It fit our Britax Boulevard and we were able to check it in and feel comfortable that the car seat will be protected .
 I purchased this bag for a plane ride to Hawaii . It 's absolutely perfect . The seat goes in easily , the bag zips up with ease , and the shoulder straps are a lifesaver when you have a baby and four other suitcases to deal with . The car seat had no damage whatsoever with this bag . I highly recommend it !
 My husband and I bought this last minute for a trip . We received this fast and it was exactly what we ordered . Thank you !
 I loved this bag !! Traveling with my Britax , I was worried about it getting dirty or ripped , I bought this bag and it was perfect . With all my luggage , I was able to carry it on my back , the baby on the front and pull my suitcase behind me getting to the rental car and to the curb when we got back home ... and now that I have it , I store the spare seat inside the bag out in the shed . The spare seat stays free from dust and cobwebs ready to be used when needed . All around , if you 're thinking of buying this bag , its totally worth it !!
 We used this bag for our recent trip to Florida . We used it with the Evenflo Triumph Car Seat . It kept the car seat well protected and we loved that you could put it on your back . We had lots of luggage and of course the baby in the stroller . So it helped . I highly recommend it . We even put some extra clothes and other items in the bag when we were over the 50lb weight limit . Great purchase . Highly recommended .
 We purchased this bag for several trips that we were taking . The bag was easily able to accomodate our Peg Perego Viaggo car seat and base . As advertised , the bag kept the car seat and base protected from the elements and from damage . However , after getting the bag at the gate after the first leg of our trip , the seams at the bottom of the bag were already loose and the bag was ripped in multiple places . That being said , the bag held up over the course of our trip -LRB- although it looks pretty bad -RRB- . I would recommend the bag for the reason that our car seat and base made it to and from without damage , however , it does n't hold up well under the wear and tear of airline travel . Wheels would have also been a nice addition to the bag .
 I was worried that the straps would get torn off in travel , but they survived a trip to Europe and back just fine and we did n't even gate-check it . It was as comfortable as you could expect a giant bag to be on your back and was much easier to deal with making train and tram connections than another roller bag would be -LRB- We already had two medium-sized suitcases we were lugging around -RRB- . Our Britax Boulevard -LRB- same size as a Marathon I think -RRB- fit fine , but another inch or two taller and it would have been a stretch . The padding protected the seat well , although the interior lining got a small tear where the hard plastic base of the seat pushed against the soft bottom padding .
 I chose this product based on the reviews , and the reviews were right.Thank you fellow Amazonians!These were just 2 short flights , but the carriers came through with flying colors . No damage to the seats or the bags.One thing I 'd suggest to the manufacturer would be attachment points/loops on the bottom , so these could be attached to a rolling bag upside down . With twins , my wife had the 2 strollers and I managed to set one of these on top of each of the big rolling bags . However , they did n't always stay put . -LRB- I had brought bungee cords to try to attach from the backpack straps on the seat to the handle of the bag ... but I forgot them in the car . doh ! -RRB- As for fit , we have the `` Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Convertible '' which fit very nicely in the bags . It 's a snug fit so the seats ca n't move around much , but there is enough room to be easy to zip up when arranged correctly . We do not have the cup holder attached , but I 'd think it would need to be removed if you are using it.Great product and well worth the price to protect the seat if you do any amount of travelling . Remember , with the new laws your child may be using that carseat until they are 26 years old !!!
 We purchased two of these to use with Britax Frontier and a Britax Roundabout . The bag was still a little too big , but worked perfectly . The car seats made it across the world in the same condition they left in . This could have just been a fluke , but we filled up the extra space with stuffed animals and a few other things and the airline did n't mind . Sort of like free baggage space .
 I recently purchased this bag to carry our graco matrix car seat on a flight , it did its job quite well , my only complaints are that the shoulder straps could have been more comfortable , and the bottom of the bag tore slightly from being dragged a short while , because of the afore mentioned uncomfy shoulder straps . I wished I had bought the one with wheels .
 This car seat travel bag is excellent ; the material is sturdy , the back is well-padded and the bag is very roomy - enough to accommodate a baby car seat or a toddler or booster seat -RRB- . I love that this bag provides extra room for additional items as well . I was able to put all of my babe 's clothing , etc. into this bag for a recent plane ride , which allowed us to travel without paying for any checked luggage -LRB- because car seats are checked for free -RRB- .
 We have owned several car seat travel bags , and this is -LRB- by-far -RRB- the best one . It 's well made and very comfortable to carry . Our old one , though certainly not as durable , was able to fit more in the bag . This one truly holds only ONE car seat -LRB- and perhaps a booster seat -RRB- . So plan to buy more than one if you need to take more than one car seat . Worth the price !!
 I recently bought this car seat carrier and just a few days ago took it on a plane for the first time . It worked great-just as advertised . I am about 5 ' 5 '' and 145lbs and I could easily carry it on my back with a carseat , several blankets , some of my kids toys and books and a few other thing stuffed inside . I felt a little like a turtle but it was n't bad.I would highly recommend this product . It seems well constructed and got through the flight without a tear or a scratch anywhere .
 With the bag you can travel without the hassle of lugging around a giant car seat , as well as a child , stroller and luggage . I thought our Britax Marathon 70 would be heavy to wear as a backpack but it was n't at all . Hoping it holds up ... Did notice a small hole in the bottom corner after only one use . Otherwise I love this product , do n't know how we 'd travel without it ! As a side note I decided against the bag with wheels because when you are traveling alone it would be impossible ... One hand pushing the stroller the other pulling luggage .
 After having our second child , my single jogging stroller would no longer work if I wanted to get a walk or run in during the day . So I recently upgraded to this double jogging stroller.Other than the slight adjustment of going from just one toddler in a single stroller to a toddler and a baby in a double stroller , this stroller has been great . It glides along very smoothly and is very simple to turn , even when the front swivel wheel is locked . Both girls fit comfortably in their seats and enjoy the ride . There is ample storage , between the under-seat basket , the small velcroed compartment behind the kid seat , and the included parent console . I have no problem toting along the garage door opener , keys , cell phone , and MP3 player . I use a Garmin GPS to keep track of my distance and stats and it fits nicely on the handlebars.I do wish there was a handbrake , because going down a hill requires some holding back of the stroller . And the design of the sunshade does n't provide much coverage to the kiddos , but thankfully I have a separate sunshade that I can use.I 'm happy with this stroller .
 I love this item . My kids love this stroller . They ' r 9months and 18months old . They hold hands , push each other , or mainly just relax and like the ride . They like the fact that they do n't have to look over the head in front of them anymore . Its an ULTRA SMOOTH ride . Push with a pinky . My wife too.She actually requests to push the stroller now as before she would never want to push it . The control is unbelievable . Turns extremely well . Storage is fine . Basket is pratical for whatever fits under there . Snacks , diapers , bottle bag -LRB- altough for that I have to unsnap one side -RRB- and my diaper bags wraps around handle bars fine . The sand where its deep I have to push hard but works better than the usual strollers . Great over curbs and mostly all . Soft enough too for them . The kids like to sit straight up so they 'll lean forward sometimes which is my only complaint . Since it is for jogging , the back when its as up as far as it can go , is not up enough for lets say the mall . I used the strap they gave and made up my own thing . Its still worth gettin . The other thing I suggest getting is the bob holder for 2 cups and storage for like keys , cell , wallet that straps across handles for extra convience . This fits through most doors fine . Remember most places are handicap accessible . People always compliment me like in the mall . It great . Oh and the canopy is good enough , if its not , you can buy the extra accessory for more coverage . My lifestyle is n't necessary for it though . Its a great product that my kids love . Last thing , it weighs as much as the graco double stroller . It folds up very easy and fits nice either in my maximas trunk , saturn IONS trunk , or caravan trunk .
 This stroller is awesome ! I can push it with my twins inside over rocks and sand at the beach with no problem ! I can push it with ONE HAND ! The padding is a little thin and we do have a hard time getting through the doors at the library , but that is it ! We still get through the doors ! With the front wheel turned sideways we can fold it and put it in the back of our Nissan Quest -LRB- older model -RRB- with no problem . It 's lightweight and the twins love it . It 's great and I 've been recommending it to everyone I know with multiples or a baby and a little tyke . Definately worth the money - which was affordable by comparison to what we were looking at originally and through Amazon , we got it in 3 days from order to delivery ! That was right before Christmas too !
 This is just the right stroller for two kids . It moves easily and maneuvers really well . The only thing I wish that was already attached are the cupholders , which I purchased separately .
 As the mother of 23 month old twin boys I have have gone through quite a few double strollers in the quest for the perfect double stroller . I finally after almost two years have narrowed everything down to just two strollers . First off skip the front to back models , waste of time and hard to manuever . This is one of two strollers that I use on a regular basis and I love it . Our other stroller , a Combi Twin Sport , is great for short outings and shopping as it 's compact and can go just about anywhere but on the many 5K walks that I participate in through the year it came up short , my arms ached from the effort that it took to push and as the twins got heavier that just got worse . So we purchased the Schwinn for longer `` outdoor '' trips and I 'm totally in love with it . It pushes like a dream , has large storage baskets underneath and my boys absolutely love riding in it . My six year old daughter can push it with ease as well which is something that she loves . The only complaint I have about is that the foam on the handlebars split in a couple of places and needs to be repaired somehow . Other than that it 's a great stroller and well worth every penny !
 I was a little nervous about buying a stroller online that I had never tested out ... but this is a great stroller ! It 's easy to turn and it 's a smooth ride for the kids . My kids loved riding in it . It easily fits into the trunk of my van , and is simple to open and fold up . I just wish there was a little more space underneath for the diaper bag and a parent console ... the little water holder bag they give you is pretty worthless . Overall , I would definitely recommend this stroller .
 I was very please with the response time it took for my order to be delivered .
 My granddaughters love this stroller , of course I had to purchase it on line ELSEWHEREbecause Amazon.com FAILED in every way to get itto me ... they totally botched the sale and deliveryto me in every way possible and customer servicerepeatedly asked if I was satisfied and I wouldtell them that I was very unhappy and they nevereven tried to fix or correct the problem and justkept asking me id I was happy with the service andas they are doing now asking me to write a reviewon the stroller that I never received !!! They donteven have a CLUE ... and have lost one of their best customers ... !!!
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this stuff ! it literally cured my baby 's rash overnight ! She had a rash and i felt like i tried every cream on the market ! After stumbling on a chat forum where this was recommended , i decided to give it a try ! Now i keep 2 tubes at all times ! one in the baby 's room , and one in the diaper bag ! I dont like to use anything else , i use the baby bee at the first hint of irritation now!It has a very strong smell ... like mens cologne or like the linament my grandmother used , but its well worth enduring ! My only comlaint is that it seperates and you have to kind of massage it with the lid closed . With that being said , while trying to mix it back up i spilled some on a cup in the sink . I washed that cup in the dishwasher and went i went to empty the clean dishes , the ointment was still on the cup ! Thats some powerful stuff !
 I 've decided this is my favorite butt cream . There are others I like -LRB- Common Sense Farm makes a good one -RRB- but this one is easy to obtain and works really well . Its thick so creates an effective skin barrier and it smells good . Its baby aromatherapy ! Plus its nice to smell essential oils emanating from your baby 's butt instead of whatever else . Good stuff , would recommend .
 An awesome butt balm ! Perfect for sensitive skin . An all natural alternative to the yucky petroleum based products out there .
 this is the best product , especially for a diaper rash . this is expensive stuff , but very worth it . We only use it at night -LRB- when lo will be in the diaper the longest -RRB- and when her bum starts looking a little pink . It is thick and smells a little like an old lady , but it is so awesome for the skin !
 My son always gets bad diaper rashes after a week at day care . But when I vigilantly use this diaper cream on him during the weekends , the rash is gone in no time . Plus , the lavender fragrance is just too awesome . It makes my baby smell heavenly .
 This is a wonderful diaper rash ointment . It is the ONLY thing that helped heal my daughter 's diaper rash . She had a rash that would not go away for weeks . After only two days of using this ointment , the rash was gone . Amazing , especially since I had been trying other diaper rash ointments that would not help at all . Plus , it is so easy to apply/spread on the skin . This ointment really lasts . I can apply it and the next time I go to change her , the ointment is still visible and her skin feels protected . Plus , it is easy to wash off my own hands -LRB- definitely a plus -RRB- and smells pretty good -LRB- MUCH better than other diaper rash creams I have tried . -RRB- I am so glad that I came across this product on Amazon . It is a great product . I highly recommend it .
 I give Burt 's Bees Diaper Cream to all my friend 's that have babies . A little goes a long way so it lasts FOREVER . The scent is tame and the texture of it nice and smooth .
 I love the smell of this product and love knowing that Burt 's Bees products do n't have any nasty chemicals . The smell seems very natural -LRB- and so nice -RRB- ; it does n't smell like the artificial fragrances of many other baby products . It is definitely thick , but not too thick that it is difficult to spread across baby 's skin .
 I was heart this brand and product from my wife . She told me she want to buy the Burt 's Bees product to she and our baby.Then we bought them and about 15 days we have got it by the express.It is very good!Clear odor and suitable for our body.THANKS , I LIKE IT !
 I was a big believer in Boudreaux 's Butt Paste until my young son developed a diaper rash . A friend recommended Burt 's Bees and swore it is a miracle cure for diaper rash . I had my doubts , but she was absolutely right . My baby has never once had even a hint of rash since beginning use of this product . Better still , the ointment is very thick -LRB- though easily spreadable -RRB- and it stays on baby 's butt -LRB- does not absorb away into the diaper like Boudreaux 's -RRB- . It lasts longer and is exactly the same price as competing brands -LRB- about 9 dollars for a 3 oz . tube -RRB- . This ointment is all natural and has something of a lemony scent that is not unpleasant . It works wonders and I would say it is one of those products that new moms should simply not be without . It is worth its weight in gold and keeps your baby 's bottom looking as it should
 We love this product ! We tried several rash ointments over a 3 week period and seen our sons pediatrician 3 times , and were still unable to get rid of our sons blistered , bleeding diaper rash . I had never heard of Burt 's Bee 's Diaper Ointment before , but was willing to try anything in hopes of taking our sons pain away ! We put Burt 's Bee 's Diaper Ointment on him and less than 3 hours later it was already clearing up . The next morning it was completely gone !!! We recommend this to anyone who has a baby suffering from a diaper rash , even a diaper rash that will not clear up with anything else !
 Burt 's Bees Diaper Ointment is wonderful !! We have tried Desitin , Balmex , and Bordeaux 's Butt Paste , and we prefer Burt 's Bees to all of them . When we first tried it , our daughter 's bottom was red and irritated because we had run out of our other ointment . As soon as the Burt 's Bees touched her irritated area , she stopped crying . She has never had any kind of irritation for as long as we have used it -LRB- over 6 months -RRB- . Burt 's Bees has a great , thick consistency that does not come off as soon as you put the diaper on . It stays on through the night , so baby awakens with nothing a smooth , happy bottom . We love the fresh smell -- minty , for lack of a better word . We ran out of it recently and tried Butt Paste only to find our daughter with a red bottom in the morning . Should have stuck with the best ! So what if Burt 's Bees costs a dollar or two more than the other ointments ? It is worth it , worth it , worth it !
 I was looking for the info and finally got the answer . This diaper ointmnet has 40 % zinc oxide inside , which helps a lot to hel diaper rashes .
 Burt 's Bees Baby Bee Diaper Ointment - 2ozI love this product . I -LRB- like many others -RRB- , had tried just about every over the counter and/or prescription diaper cream on the market for my son 's very sensitive and tender skin . I had tried Aveeno diaper rash cream , and it burned/broke his skin down within two hours . He had large open areas on his bottom within two hours of putting on the supposed sensitive skin cream , and was in so much pain from the rash that he was miserable -LRB- and so was I -RRB- . I used the Burt 's Bees ointment , and within 24 hours , his skin was healing nicely . This is the only cream , out of the dozen or so that we tried , that will cure his diaper rash . It has a very nice scent as well . I like that it is easy to put on and spreads nicely , and is just as easy to wash off . I buy this stuff by the six pack now , just so we have it on hand for home , in his diaper bag , and for daycare . It 's a good value for the money , because it does last for a while . But , the most impressive thing about it is that it does what it 's supposed to do , and it does it very well .
 I agree that this is a very effective product which also smells great ! It lasts forever because you do n't have to use it day after day to see the benefits . Therefore , it is worth the price . I have to say , though , that because it smells so good , I find myself using it even when baby 's skin is just fine . I have n't had any problems.If you are cloth diapering , remember not to use this in direct contact with micro-fleece of products like FuzziBunz as it does stay in the cloth .
 Burts Bees Diaper Ointment is by far the best we 've tried . It beats
 This is a great diaper cream . We 've been using it on our 5 week old , and so far no diaper rash . I recall there being a few reviews lamenting that it was hard to wipe the cream off the bum - the goal , according to our doctor , is to just wipe off the poop , and you can leave any residual cream , because the zinc oxide creates a nice barrier between the poop and your baby 's bum . My only complaint would be that its hard to get out of the bottle towards the end , and why is the largest size 3 oz ? We go through a bottle a week -LRB- 8 -12 diaper changes per day will do that ! -RRB-
 Everyone told me to buy Butt paste , but I received this as a shower gift and absolutely love it . The butt paste I recd . has barely been used . I love the smell , even though you are changing a poopy stinky diaper . It works wonderfully and I do n't have to worry about a bunch of random ingredients I can not pronounce . It helps his diaper rash immediately , great product .
 My pediatrician recommended Burt 's Bees to help with my baby 's diaper rash . We tried a lot of other creams , but nothing helped . Since the diaper rash was caused by a yeast infection , we mixed Burt 's Bees with Clotrimazol . This helped right away . The Burt 's Bees ointment is thick and forms a protective layer of ointment on my baby 's butt ; all the other creams get absorbed into the diaper . We continue using this product and are very happy with it . My baby has not developed a new rash so far !
 I use this to reduce heat rash on my -LRB- adult -RRB- skin . A little goes a long way and if you like the smell of rosemary , you 'll like this a lot !
 This diaper cream cleared up a sore bum on my little guy very well , when my normal pastes did n't work -LRB- triple paste or calmoseptine -RRB- In Nordstrom a lady followed me to ask me what perfume I was wearing ... it smelled like lavender and herbal ... I realized later she could smell the diaper cream ... hahaha . . I recommend it highly .
 First off , the tube . It gets harder to get the ointment out . The tube is made out to be really hard that squeezing is a chore . This wont do well as portable coz it takes time getting it out . But the ointment , i like the texture , the smell is a little too overwhelming but its leaves my sons bottom rash free . i apply it on long travels and before bedtime .
 All natural , works great . I wish it would sell as large tub too but travels easily . More expensive than other brand ointments but most are not natural .
 Although pricey , this is a great diaper ointment with natural ingredients . I got it as a gift for my baby shower and have kept buying it ever since . It smells nice too !
 With my daughter , we went though every kind - Desitin , Butt Paste , Aquafor , Triple Paste ... She got such horrible rashes that she ended up with some scarring on the inside crease of her thighs . We found Burts Baby Bee Diaper Ointment late in the game , and it was the only thing that worked -LRB- even a prescription diaper cream our pediatrician hesitantly wrote us did n't work -RRB- . With our second , we went straight to Burts again , and if he has a touch of a rash starting , I put a bit of this on , and it is completely gone by the next diaper change or two . Worth the money !
 We were n't having any trouble with diaper rash until recently and we were using desitin , but it was n't really helping . I bought this based on other 's reviews , and was n't disappointed . I do love Burt 's Bees products , so I do n't know why i did n't try this sooner . I put this on as soon as we got it and the next morning my little one 's bottom was SO much better , and almost completely clear . I love the scent too , it 's fresh and a tad herbal . I 'm keeping this on my subscribe and save for sure !!! Oh , and some other review thought that it was really thick , but I did n't think it was any thicker than any other cream we 've used .
 This is the best diaper cream . It is thick and helps keep my baby free of diaper rash . I highly recommend this product
 I can always count on Burt 's Bee 's to clear my daughter 's worst diaper rashes - and I 've tried them all . Although the percentage of zinc oxide is not listed on the packaging , it must be higher than other creams , since it really seems to stay on even through the night -LRB- her bottom is still chalky white in the morning -RRB- and creates a better barrier on the skin . With every other cream , it seems that the zinc oxide just sort of ` melts ' away . And for us , that seems to have been the key to clearing diaper rash up . Some reviews have commented on the scent - I would describe it as a strong lavender smell -LRB- it contains two different kinds of lavender -RRB- that is really nice . Definitely a product worth the extra money .
 This stuff is great -- our baby has had no diaper rash with it 's use , and we feel good about using it because it does not contain nasty ingredients.It is a little difficult to get out of the tube , however , and in the midst of a diaper change , that can be challenging .
 this product saved me !!! i had pupp rash when i was pregnant and this thing was a saver ... the only thing that helped me ! now that i have a baby , that 's the only diaper cream i trust !
 I received a couple of different diaper ointments -LRB- Burt 's Bees , CVS brand 's version of Boudreaux 's Butt Paste , Weleda Diaper Ointment and Balmex -RRB- at my baby shower . I LOVED the Weleda cream and found that Burt 's Bees was almost exactly the same thing . When I went to resupply , I found that Burt 's Bees was a few dollars cheaper than the Weleda so I bought six tubes ! The only thing I do n't like is the tube its self . It 's hard to squeeze every thing out at the end but in terms of healing diaper rashes and protecting baby 's skin
 This is the best Diaper ointment out there . Whenever my daughter has a rash I use Burts Bees Baby Bee Diaper Ointment right away and I know she will be soothed and protected from future rashes . Usually the rash has diminished by the next change .
 I used this product 10 years ago with my first child , it was the best diaper cream around at that time . Now I have an infant again , and its still the best cream available . this cream will actually soothe and heal irritation fast . With both children , I tried the other mainstream products . They protected the skin and allowed it to heal , but the Burt 's bee 's cream actually speeds up the healing process.It contains lavender essential oil , which is where the good scent of this product comes from . Other creams smell of camphor , which is n't nearly as pleasant . Lavender essential oil is non-allergenic , healing and calming . It 's really nice to have my baby smelling like lavender instead of smelling medicinal .
 This is hands down the very best diaper cream on the market . Diaper cream works by forming a protective barrier between your baby 's sensitive skin and irritants , like urine . Logically , in order for a diaper cream to work , it has to stay on . And this is where most of the creams fail . I 've tried at least four other brands and by morning there is no sign of them . But when I put Burt 's Bees on at night , it is still right where I put it the next morning when I change my baby 's diaper . We have had a few brushes with diaper rash , but never a single problem when using this product . It is amazing !
 My 21 month old son has been struggling with a chronic diaper rash for the past 6 months . It would get so bad that I had to give him Motrin to help with the pain . Poor , sweet baby . I used Hydrocotisone then a barrier on top of that ; usually Butt Paste or Desitin . I also used A&D with every diaper change even when the rash was looking relatively good . Just last week I was running out of my regular cream so I tried a Burt 's Bees sample that I had . The very next day his horrific 6 month rash was GONE ! At first I thought it was a coincedence , but now that I see all these reviews , I think not . I 'm going to buy a case of this stuff .
 I really love this cream , even when my 2 month old have a diarrhea his butt was silky smooth and no rash !!!! he have a really sensitive skin and this diaper cream gives him no allergic reaction . it smells great too !
 I have purchased four of these and about to buy two more . There are no harmful chemicals in this stuff , yet it actually seems to work better than the traditional creams . My daughter has very sensitive skin and some eczema . She used to need cream with every diaper just to keep the rash at bay . With this stuff , after a few days , the rash is gone and we can go a few days without any cream . The smell is strong but somewhat pleasant . My one recommendation-squeeze/shake tube before opening ... some of the oils separate out and will leak out during first use . I highly recommend this product and have actually switched to other Burt 's Bees baby products because of it .
 I love this diaper rash cream ! It smells good compared to all others that we have used . We have never had a diaper rash since we started using it !
 This stuff is fantastic . I have been using it on my son since he was born . It has a faint lavender smell to it which is nice . We tried Desitin but it just seemed like too many chemicals . I then tried this and never went with anything after that .
 I purchased this diaper cream because a friend of mine suggested it to me and stated , `` this stuff is miracle cream , it heals everything ! '' . This is exactly right , this stuff is amazing and the smell it so good , lavender is one of my favorite things !
 This stuff is great . It may not work as quickly as other zinc oxide creams , but the major reason people buy this is because it is mostly natural . And as far as natural products go , this diaper rash cream works great ! It has a very strong smell , but not unpleasant . Then again , I have developed a super-sensitive sense of smell since having children . Definitely recommend this .
 I 've used this on both of my children . I love the way it smells . It 's thick , and when applied in a thin layer , it negates any need for powder.My daughter spent her first year in PA and my son in HI . My son got heat rash after heat rash no matter what he wore -LRB- or did n't -RRB- or how often we changed him . I put lanolin and Burt 's Bees diaper ointment on his rashes and they got rid of them sometimes within hours -LRB- until we went outside again -RRB- . When we put a thin layer of the diaper ointment , it helped prevent his heat rashes . Huggies gave my daughter blistering rashes and the diaper ointment helped soothe and cure them . I had to warm it up by rubbing it in my fingers first so that it did n't pull on her blisters.I used disposable diapers with my daughter and cloth on my son until he was 6 months old . Huggies gave them both a blistering rash . I switched to Earth 's Best diapers when we stopped the cloth diapers.The only thing I did n't like about the diaper cream was that it was harder to strip the cotton cloth diapers every week . We usually used Bac-Out then boiling water.One 4 oz tube lasts us almost a month .
 I just hate the smell of Desitin so I was so happy when I found this cream ! It does n't have that harsh `` mediciney '' odor but smells natural . Not only does it smell good , it does a great job at preventing diaper rash and the price is right ! We were so used to not worrying about diaper rash , we got a little lazy with applying it with each diaper change ... so of course our little one came down with a rash ! This cream is not good at treating an existing rash but is definitely great if you use it on the regular . I look forward to trying out the other Baby Bee products .
 The best one I 've tryied on my little one so far , and I 've tryied several I like buttpaste too but this one is far better since is thicker a lot thicker actually you only require a tiny bit to spread on your baby 's area and keep the moisture and humidity under control , also I like that this one does not sink in the diaper like the thinner versions of oitment , the price is right , the amount last a long time and is natural wich I preffer all the time for my little one , totally recommend it , especially for long hoours of sleep in the same night-diaper -LRB- 12 hours straight -RRB-
 I was looking for a natural butt cream for my baby and I tried this one . What a great surprise ! It 's really thick and works very well ! I love the smell too !!!
 All diaper creams with zinc oxide work the same on my baby 's little rear ... I just love this because it smells AMAZING . I ca n't believe I was paying $ 10 for 3oz in the store , and it 's 1/2 that price on Amazon !
 This is by far the BEST diaper cream you can buy ! It always takes away our son 's diaper rashes , it smells GREAT and it 's amazing ! We ca n't stop buying it ! We wont use anything else on our baby !
 This diaper ointment works on the worst of diaper rashes -LRB- which my son has had -RRB- and clears them up quickly . I 've tried many others , but will quit waisting money and will stick with this . Also much cheaper on Amazon than Target .
 This stuff is AWESOME ! I seem to have babies prone to rashes , and I have no idea why -LRB- nor do docs -RRB- , but what worked for my first , does not work for my second . I 've spent countless dollars on various products , and none of them really did the trick . Once I found this , I was so happy . It works instantly , has a pleasant smell , and you know you can trust the name `` Burt 's Bees '' . I highly recommend this product . It 's fantastic !
 I recieved a small gift bag of Burt Bees baby product from a neighbor when I was expecting my son . I had never heard of it before and so kept it on the side `` Just in case '' . Well I used Balmex and others and was always having trouble controling a rash once it started eventhough I kept my child clean and frequently changed . Well , one day I ran out of ointment at the worst time and so I used the Burt Bees ointment . OH MY GOD ! It not only calmed my baby down and made him comfortable but the rash was gone in under 24 hours . I will now use nothing else for my child . Yes true it does cost a little more than some other ointments , but in the long run , I truly began saving money because this stuff lasts longer than the others and being as it works so well you will have to use it less often . In my experience , I blew much more money on the other brands and they did not do as they claimed for my child .
 An expensive but effective ointment . If A & D ointment does n't do the job , then give Burt 's a try . It cleared up the Young Prince after nothing else worked , and we noticed results after 12 hours . Great stuff . We went back to A&D after the rash cleared , but we 're keeping Burt 's on hand at the first sign of the rash returning .
 Fluffy ; feels less like paste or glue -LRB- compared to some others -RRB- , and does an outstanding job of clearing up the diaper rash . This product is highly recommended .
 I really like this cream - good consistency , nice scent , and works great . I highly recommend it over both conventional and natural diaper creams .
 Really nice ointment . My baby has n't ever really gotten diaper rash , but when his bum gets a little red and tender looking , I put this on , and it seems to help . Smells nice without being overpowering . Good consistency . I would get just this 3 oz . ointment and forego the gift set . It is the most practical and useful item .
 i do n't even have to use it all the time , it just works great ! i have tried other brands for the price , but nothing compared so far ... i am very happy with this product , it is a bit pricy though
 I am a huge fan of this product . I have tried them all from the super expensive and organic , such as Weleda , to the sworn by Butt Paste , Triple Cream etc. , and this is the only one that I can trust . It works consistently . I usually do n't use anything except for when my daughter is teething , and this will get rid of any rash regardless of how bad it seems ! It is also great at preventing in those times of need . I also can breath easy knowing it 's natural .
 Prompt arrival , product was older , there was seperation between oil and main ingredients , but I have also paid store prices and gotten the same . The ointment still works after you get through the initial release of oil . I paid half price , and was allowed to acquire 8 tubes at once . This was a good deal .
 Love this diaper cream and that it 's all natural ! The price per ounce is the best on here . Received very quickly !
 Our daughters rashes disappear between diaper changes and definitley by morning if used the night before . She 's had zero adverse reactions . We 've used it on other rashes -LRB- under her neck -RRB- and even on severe dry skin this winter ; what ever the condition , it clears up with one application . It became our routine to use it on problem areas -LRB- fat rolls -RRB- after baths and she 's never had a rash in those areas since.We recieved the first tube as a baby gift and were unable to find it locally ... thanks Amazon for coming through yet again .
 I love the fact that this diaper cream is all natural and it works ! Other creams I 've used have been too thin and wear off . This is thick enough that it stays in place to do it 's job but still easy to apply . Some people complain about the scent of Burt 's Bees products , personally I like it . Redness usually clears up with one application and the one rash he 's had cleared up within a couple days . Maybe he does n't get rashes more often because I use this product each night as a prophylaxis . The only information I wish I could find would be the % zinc oxide . It does n't matter much since the product has proven itself to me , I 'm just curious .
 Nothing but the best for my baby ; that is why I use Burt 's Baby exclusively.These 7 oz tubes last a loooonnngg time , so the price is worth it.My baby is 1 and she has not had any diaper rash .
 this stuff has saved my son from severe diaper rash . . For wipes , I use a non-alcholic witch hazel and use cotton balls . . it 's really is amazing . . but i wish it came in a bigger tube !
 I purchased other types of ointment for my baby before she was born -LRB- aveeno & weleda brand -RRB- but when she got her first diaper rash I tried the burt 's bees and her bottom was looking better within several hours of application . The ointment did n't irritate her sensitive skin and it kept a protective barrier for up to 12 hours without any re-application needed . It also has a clean smell with essential oils . Now that my daughter is 16 months old it 's the only ointment I use when occasionally gets a rash . This ointment is great and definately worth the extra money . A little dab goes a long way ... one tube lasted me at least 5-6 months
 My 2-month old had a rash that would absolutely not go away . I tried Desitin , Aveeno Diaper Rash cream , Boudreaux 's Butt Paste , you name it ! After applying Burt 's Bees , it was gone within two days ! I love the soothing lavender smell as well , and put on a layer after bathtime and before bed to help her sleep .
 This is one of the best diaper rash medicines that we 've tried . Like all the Burt 's bees products it is excellent quality . It has all natural ingredients and is very gentle . It has a pleasant scent - not too `` mediciney '' like lots of the other creams . It goes on baby 's bottom smoothly and is still protecting baby by the next diaper change . It works - the rash is faded or gone by the next day - sometimes by the next diaper change !
 This cream goes on nicely , sticks around even through a wet diaper -LRB- so its doing its job acting as a barrier ! -RRB- and it smells excellent . Plus none of the nasty chemicals in the other creams out there . I like using plain old coconut oil , but this is great when we need a little something stronger .
 When I found out I was pregnant , I started to research product that would be gentle , yet effective at treating against diaper rash . I have sensitive skin and I love the Burt 's Bees brand , and have used their products for many years . Not only is this product all natural and really protects against diaper rash , but it also heals diaper rash . It 's wonderful and thick and lasts and lasts . Did I mention it smells fabulous ? People are always asking me why my son smells so great , and they 're usually surprised to hear it 's Burt 's Bees Diaper Cream .
 My daughter had been sick and developed an awful diaper rash . We never had to fight a diaper rash before since we use Seventh Generation diapers ... anyways we tried Boudroux 's -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- , A+D ointment with and with out zinc oxide NONE WORKED ! I received the Burts Bees Diaper Ointment yesterday afternoon and with in a couple -LRB- YES 2 HOURS -RRB- she is looking amazing down there !!! I am so happy I looked at the product reviews and bought this !!!
 I switched to this diaper cream after being disappointed by Seventh Generation Diaper cream . This cream is really thick and creates a great barrier that does n't ooze off on the diaper . I love the smell of lavender -LRB- but it is very strong , so if you do n't like that , it would be a turn-off -RRB- . A minor downside is that it 's so thick it 's hard to squeeze out of the tube . Once we 've used most of it , I cut open the tube and scrape the rest of it into a little pot , so we can use it all .
 Love that I know the ingredients in this diaper cream . It smells great , soothes and protects very well . Highly recommend .
 I love this stuff . It is not cheap for the amount you get but it is by far the best cream we have used for our baby . I like the smell too - although some people have commented they did n't . Goes on smooth - can last thru the night . The only negative thing I would say is the container is stiff - so it is really hard to get the last bits of the cream out . They should make the material thinner so it is easier to squeeze out .
 Yes this diaper cream is more expensive that other types but the additional cost is really worth the money . This cream goes on thick so just a little goes a long way .
 I have used this product on my daughter since day 1 . Cream is extreamly thick and it stays on my baby for a long time.My daughter turns 1 this Sunday , and I just finish using my first tube last week.I have ordered another one from Amazon , but found that Walmart sells it for cheaper.Other than that , this product is absolutely awesome !
 I have been using this diaper cream for almost a year now . It 's a great diaper cream . It spreads smoothly and evenly . It seems to clear up any diaper rash or irritation that my son gets and seems to prevent rashes as well as he does n't often have one . At first I loved the smell . It smells of lavender , which I typically love . But after using this for so long , I 'm starting to associate the smell with poop ! Seriously ! So now when I smell this diaper cream , it smells to me like my son has a dirty diaper , even when he does n't . I guess it 's just a smell association that has developed . I do n't know if this has happened to anyone else but I 'm going to try to find another diaper cream that I love this much that does n't have any smell to it . Another downside to the strong smell is that it also sometimes masks the smell of poop which to me is n't good because I do n't want my son to sit in a dirty diaper for any longer than he has to . I wish Burt 's Bees made a fragrance free version of this . I just ordered the Seventh Generation Wee Generation Diaper Cream to see if that is as good .
 I have a 2 year old with severe eczema and just hyper sensitive skin . He developed a diaper rash that would not heal . Seriously it was so sad !!! Very raw and blistery . I tried everything including Desitin , A & D , Butt Paste . Nothing worked . I went to Whole Foods thinking that maybe if I went with something more holistic I may have better luck . I bought about 6 different Baby Bees products . I love them all but this is my absolute FAVORITE !!!! Within 3 days my son 's diaper rash was almost gone . I love this product and just wish I had tried it sooner . It smells nice , is very thick and like other mom 's have stated it stays on your baby 's skin . This is such a wonderful product and like someone else said , worth its weight in gold . I have a 7 month old as well and now only use Baby Bees on both my kids !!! Thank you Burts Bees !!!!!!!!
 I used this on my second one -LRB- and toward the end of our diaper era -RRB- and to this day wish there was some need for me to use it . I think I was jealous , the stuff was so good . Has a lovely smell , and seems to cure diaper rash much , much faster than Desitin or any other brand I tried , and soothes the little ones more quickly . It 's `` fluffier '' than other brands -LRB- as I recall -RRB- and easier to apply , and seems to last a bit longer , too . And it should , considering it costs twice as much . The tube I bought was stolen by a day-care employee , but it had already lasted ages longer than normal brands . This was the one concession I made toward spoiling my baby with `` preppy '' specialty stuff . Just wish I had tried it on day one of my firstborn .
 I love that Burt 's Bees has a baby product line and this Diaper ointment is my absolute favorite product from them ! I have tried Aveeno , Desitin , A & D , Boudreaux 's Butt Paste , Lansinoh 's , Triple Paste and this one is the best hands down !!! It can be horrible to find your munchkin 's rear-end flaming red . As an infant my daughter had her share of antibiotics from a kidney condition and as you know they can really agitate the tummy . This lead me to my shopping spree of different diaper rash creams.This cream has a nice lemony-minty scent that is welcomed over the usual medicinal smell of diaper rash creams . It may be a bit strong to some , but I really like it . The cream itself is also thicker and absorbs and stays on the skin . Be sure to squeeze the tube before opening and applying because the oil in the product can settle and separate , but this is not a big deal at all.I use the product faithfully on my daughter before bedtime and it truly helps ! She is now 20-months-old and has yet to have a severe diaper rash since using this cream . * Also if your little one is on antibiotics or has problematic diarrhea there is a over-the-counter supplement called Culturelle and it is the equivalent to eating 14 cups of yogurt . My pediatrician recommended it and it also can help . Thanks : -RRB-
 I ca n't say enough good things about this product . My son started to get a diaper rash when we he started sleeping longer through the night . I tried that expensive butt paste and found it seemed really liquidy , not too viscous . My husband saw this stuff at the grocery store and we started using it . Its fantastic and it actually smells really good , not to mention its all natural . I give it 5 stars !
 I 've tried a few creams , including Boudreaux 's Butt Past , and this one is the best so far . It 's thick , but not hard to apply and it smells nice -LRB- if a bit strong -RRB- . It 's also free of certain chemicals -LRB- like parabens , etc -RRB- . Only con is that it can be hard to wash off . That 's good for the baby , as it stays on , but a pain for me in terms of getting it off my hands at times . Still , I will continue to buy it as it prevents/cures rashes .
 The ointment itself gets 5 stars - it prevents rashes , spreads easily , and smells good . The only issue that I have is with the plastic tubing and for this reason I rate it as a 4 stars overall . While the packaging is of good quality , I feel that the plastic tube is too stiff/thick and as a result squeezing ointment out is more difficult than it should be . This is especially true when the tube is almost empty . I sometimes feel like I end up throwing ointment away unnecessarily b/c I ca n't fully exhaust everything in the tube . AND to be honest , in my experience , Desitin works just as well .
 This ointment is great . It is thick and protecting and smells very nice . My little boy had a minor diaper rash when we were in Venice and this cream worked wonders .
 Burts Bees is the best diaper rash treatment we have found . Our 18 month old daughter is very sensitive to acidic fruits , so we have made a lot of use of this product . We also occasionally use Aveeno , but I definitely think this works much better . It 's a bit spendy , and can be hard to find locally -LRB- hence Amazon -RRB- , but it really does have the best remedial effect for us .
 I have three kids , and have tried many different brands of diaper care , until I tried this creme from Burt 's Bees . My son had a really harsh case of diaper rash , when I applied this creme to his bottom . It literally cleared it up overnight , and it has a nice fragrance , unlike other brands . It 's another elmosnaturals favorite .
 When my son was first born I had a whole tube of Desitin and a tiny sample of Baby Bee Diaper Ointment . The Desitin did n't seem to be doing the trick but this stuff cleared his rash in less than 24 hours . I was very impressed and immediately got a tube ! It has lasted for almost 2 years and would last longer but my husband stepped on it and it squirted all over the floor * sniff * . Now I 'm expecting againg and this is my ointment of choice . Smells great and works even reater !
 This stuff works wonders and smells great ! A little goes a very long way , too . Will definitely be buying again when we run out .
 If you love the scent of lavender , then this one is for you , well , your baby . Very thick , so it stays on baby 's bottom well . Smells wonderful ! Keeps baby 's skin well protected . I used this on my babies and now I 'm giving it as a baby shower gift along with other Burt 's Bees Baby Bee products .
 My son had the worst case of diaper rash . He had lots of tiny little open sores and he was NOT a happy camper about it . He was still just a few weeks old and in disposables when it developed and I tried for several weeks to get rid of it . I was primarily using butt paste because it came so highly regarded . It did n't do the trick . When his umbilical stump healed well and I switched to cloth , I needed a non petroleum based cream . So after copious amounts of research I tried Burt 's bees and weleda calendula cream . This is my fav !! It cleared up his rash in about a week , with huge improvement after about 24 hours . I use this in conjunction with California baby wash and it smells great ! But I like that camphor like smell , so if you do n't thn disregard . On a convenience note , the tube has a flip top Lid which makes opening and closing a one handed task - essential for a diapering mom . It coats the bum really well and wil stay there if you do n't wipe it off . It does n't come out completely in the wash but it has n't affected the absorbency of my diapers at all , or my flannel wipes . I just bought more and was thrilled to find it is sold at my local target too for those last minute `` I need it Now '' moments .
 I love this cream . My fingers hate them . But my baby rules.Before I discovered BB 's I was a firm believer of Triple Paste and Bordeaux Butt Paste . Since discovering this product , I am sticking with it . It is petrochemical free -LRB- both TP and Broudeaux has petrolatum - in fact , TP 's main ingredient is petrolatum -RRB- . It is also paraben free which IMHO should be completely banned especially from baby products -LRB- check out the ingredients on Destitin and other major brands -RRB- . This cream rocks because it smells good but most of all , it is both emollient and comes on thickly at the same time . This is how a good diaper rash cream should work -- it should be thick enough where it acts as a real difficult-to-liquify protective barrier to pee and poop - the third ingredient in this cream is beeswax and that 's probably why . My trouble with alot of the creams out there is it is so easy to wipe off with liquid . That includes Broudeaux . yet it is emollient enough where I can glide it on easily - the first ingredient is Almond Oil.This cream is also Zinc Oxide heavy - it is the 2nd ingredient . Zinc Oxide is antibacterial and does not absorb into skin . Other ingredients include jojoba seed oil , lavendar oil , calendula oil - all calming and soothing to the skin . It seems to be preserved with Vitamin E -LRB- tocopherol -RRB- . But my right index finger is perpetually white ! Mainly because it is such a firm and strong protective barrier getting it off the crevices of my finger whorls and wrinkles is quite hard.I go through a 3oz tube in a month typically and each use requires only a pea size dollop since it is so nice and thick . Worth EVERY penny .
 This diaper cream has worked great for my baby . It protects him very well -- if he is even a bit red , a dab of this clears it right up . It also smells great and thus my daycare uses it alot too .
 As the mother of twins , I 'm shocked by how long our Burt 's bum cream has lasted . We 've used it with every diaper change since leaving the hospital , just a dab will do for a newborn . Our two tubes , one 2 oz and one 3 oz , were baby shower gifts , and because we use Burt 's or comparable products for ourselves we never thought to try anything else , and they 'd never had even a hint of rash.The tube is a little stiff when it runs low , so we cut the edges and peeled it open . We then scooped quite a bit of goop out and stored it in a small jar or tin -- and if you 're a fan of Burt 's , you 've surely got a few extra of these around!After about four months , both tubes were starting to dwindle just as my boys began teething early . After two weeks of fever and diarrhea , their little bums were raw and we needed to apply cream more generously . With twins , money is always tight , so I went ahead and picked up some conventional cream with similar ingredients to Burt 's -- a large tube for only $ 4 , how could I resist ? Well , I should have -- after only one use and four hours in a diaper , both my boys had breakouts , one fairly severe with spots of blood . I was appalled . I 've never left a review on Amazon , but I feel so strongly this product is safe and effective I had to weigh in . When Burt 's bum cream says it contains no sulfates , parabens , pthalates or petrochemicals , it really makes you wonder about the ones that do .
 I love Burts Bee 's products . I bought this for a friend before I had kids ... she LOVED it and called me to find out where to get more ! I now have a baby boy and this is the best stuff for diaper rash . I use this along with the Burts Bees baby powder too -LRB- it 's mostly corn starch -RRB- . Love these products !
 This is definitely my favorite diaper cream . The ingredient list does n't frighten me , and it smells very good . We do n't use it very often , but when there is a hint of a rash it clears it up right away . A little goes a long ways , so it will last a long time !
 We use this as a barrier cream to prevent diaper rash and apply it at almost every diaper change . We have been using it since my daughter was 1 week old . We wanted something natural and were recommended California Baby Calendula Cream , however that contained parabens and was not a barrier cream -LRB- keeping moisture away from the skin -RRB- . My daughter started to develop some sores/rash after using alcohol free baby wipes , so that is when we started looking for a cream and found Baby Bee . I love this stuff ! I do n't feel bad if she goes an hour or two longer between diaper changes , because this keeps her skin protected and helps prevent rashes from forming in addition to treating them . I also have ended up liking the smell , though my mother thinks it smells too strong . To me the lavender really comes out in the scent .
 This diaper cream is one of the best on the market ; it is also one of the more expensive ones so Amazon does offer a decent price for this when on sale . I highly recommend this cream because it 's nice and thick , has the skin protectant zinc oxide , smells herbal -LRB- pretty strong smell , though , if you do not like this , take note -RRB- , keeps her dry and has protected my baby 's bottom since she was 2 weeks old with excellent results . We have not had one episode of diaper rash . My neighbor had recommended this cream to me , stating that her daughter had a horrible diaper rash and after many trials with other creams , this one worked the best
 I started using this when our DD was about 2 and it 's the only thing that worked . Even at 6 when there are occasional flair up of her sensitive skin I will still use this.A tip for those who complain about it being hard to get out , get a toothpaste squeezer . I have no idea what the real name is but I bought a set at my local big box bath shop and they are for getting the last drop out of a toothpaste tube . They fit this tube fine and I always get the last bit out .
 My daughter has had problems with chronic diaper rash . We 've tried several different diaper brands and pretty much every rash ointment under the sun . This product seems to be the only one that heals quickly and consistently . The smell is a little unpleasant , but if it does the job , that is the most important thing . The consistency is great . A little bit goes a really long way ! It 's the only product we will continue to buy and use .
 I have used this diaper cream almost exclusively for both of my kids.My daughter had very sensitive skin and when she had a diaper rash , we would put store brand cream on over and over and it would not take care of the rash . I had used Burt 's Bees products before and really liked them so when I found out there was a baby line , we bought a sample pack of the baby products , and we really liked them especially this diaper cream . after that , this was the only diaper cream we used . We used to go to a special store just to get it.When I was pregnant for my son , I ordered a 4 pack from here . The only time we used any other cream is if we were in a pinch.If I have any more children you bet I will be getting this ! I love the herbal scent . It is not sticky , but creamy and washes off easily . Most importantly , it takes care of diaper rash in just one or two applications . I also like the idea of using natural products when I can and it is great to purchase from an American manufacturing company.I always throw a tube of this in when I give a baby gift .
 This product is the best ! My 3 week old had a diaper rash that would not go away and this is by far the best product out there . It is tacky not creamy so it actually works as great moisture barrier unlike the popular Desitin brand . Lifesaver for sure !
 I 've tried a lot of different things on my sensitive twin girls ... this product was the best .
 I highly recommend this product , is the only ointment that last all night plus is the only one that heal my baby 's bottoms after just a couple of uses .
 I bought thisDiaper Ointmentbecause I wanted to be able to recognize all of the ingredients in the skin care products for my 9-month old while avoiding petroleum-based products and pthalates . I was overjoyed to realize that I could pronounce all of the items on the ingredient list AND it cleared up my daughter 's chronic rash in 2 days . The scent is a rosemary/pine and is preferable to the medicinal scent of Desitin .
 I just started using this product on my 11 month old son who is teething . Rather than waiting for the rash , this time I decided to head it off and I had a small tube of BB diaper ointment I received as a gift and had forgot about so I tried it out . Its wonderful . It smells great and works well . Additionally , it makes for a nice `` change in aroma '' around the changing table after a messy diaper and eliminates any residual smells on my babe . My son is also allergic to several different soaps and detergents and has had no reaction to this product , although we have n't had any problems with any other diaper rash treatments either . One more thing , I just purchased cloth diapers for our son and some of the sites say BB diaper ointment is the best/only kind to use with cloth diapers because of the the chemicals and preservatives in the others that cause the diapers to be less absorbant even after washing .
 We switched from Butt Paste to this after finding out the Butt Paste had boric acid in it . This has worked well and is supposed to be less toxic . However , it is very thick and hard to get out of the tube . I end up wasting a lot when I get down to the bottom , and it 's hard to control how much comes out at a time . I encourage the manufacturer to release a version in a tub with a screw top lid . Also , the smell gets a bit sickening after being associated with human waste . I would also encourage an unscented version . If not for those two issues , the product would be a 5 star .
 At 3 months old my daughter developed a rash that would only slightly improve with zinc oxide and dimethicone based diaper creams . After reading all the reviews for Burt 's Bees diaper cream it sounded like it was God 's gift to diaper creams , so I thought okay I 'll try it but I was hesitant because it took two months of various baby shampoos and washes before I found one that would not break out her skin into a rash and/or over drying . I went ahead and purchase the baby gift pack that included the baby wash/shampoo , lotion and diaper cream and guess what ? I 'll never go back ! Her rash cleared up considerably in the first use of the diaper cream -LRB- as so many other people have experienced -RRB- and was gone in 3 days . Also her hair has never looked and felt so clean and soft ! After day three I started noticing that her skin felt so soft that I wondered if the lotion was even necessary -LRB- admittedly I 've been using some of the lotion too and I love it ! -RRB- . She smells clean the day after her bath too . Now some people complain about the smell and of all the products the diaper cream was the strongest of the scents , however I still enjoyed it . I have always been a fan of the hand made soaps and it reminds me of those .
 I read some really bad reviews on the product and still went ahead to buy because the price was very attractive . I understand that some reviewers spent $ 200 on this and expected perfect performances.Yes , it does shut down your wireless router just like when I pick up my 2.4 GHz telephone . But when you turn the baby camera off , your router comes back to life automatically . The camera does not seem to interfere with my X10.com audio/video sender -LRB- used for my FTA satellite receiver for foreign TV -RRB- . I can use the audio/video sender to watch TV and the baby monitor at the same time with good pictures for both . When I select particular channels , I can even use the baby monitor to watch the TV signal sent by the audio/video sender . Nice ! I also have an X10 wireless surveillence camera . One of the baby monitor 's channels can pick up the video signal from the X10 camera clearly . This is nice for me since I turn the X10 camera on only when someone knocks on my door . If you turn the X10 camera on all the time , I guess you lose a channel.The LCD viewing angle is narrow as mentioned by other reviewers . The statics on the voice channel of the LCD monitor are indeed obvious . If I turn the volume down , I do n't hear much statics and it still can pick up baby 's cry.A happy buy for me ! I really love the multiple uses . Buy the way , the night vision is awesome and the LCD minitor has built-in rechargeable battery !
 I have recently bought this monitor . I figured that even with the reviews I had read , I would atleast give it a shot . My home is 2 stories and my children 's rooms are upstairs . I was nervous about putting my little guy upstairs because of him being so far away from me . But with this monitor I do n't have to worry about it . I can easily check on my son no matter where I am and see that he is just fine and even see him breathing !!!! I will have to say that sometimes there is a little interference , but it is really not that bad and when you weight it against the benefit of seeing your baby all the time-it is defiantly worth it . I will defiantly recommend this monitor to any one especially those first time moms who are worried about everything !!!! Once again I just love this monitor !!!!!
 I have read some bad experiences with the product , specially interference with wireless routers and stuff like that . Since my home internet is wire LAN based , it does not bother me . The only thing I would have liked would be a battery for the camera . It is comfortable to use , friendly , and it has been quite reliable , so far .
 I tried this monitor and the compact summers video monitor and the safety first one worked best . I have a 2.4 GHZ wireless network and a 5.8 GHZ wireless phone . The reception was better with the safety first 2.4 GHZ monitor versus the summers . However you have to keep in mind that your neighbors wireless systems might interfere . The visibility was better however the Summers screen is more advanced and lets you see at different angles . The Summers product is also easier to carry around and the camera is easier to set up and adjust . The safety first is n't made to mount on certain cribs that have a thicker rail . However I had no clear reception with the Summers monitor . Too bad cause it was cheaper and the picture quality is supposed to be better . With these monitors it 's all about the reception depending on the interference . Overall , having a video monitor is great and highly recommend it . Now that my baby is four months and can roll over , she gets stuck and ca n't roll back up . I worry at night because of SIDS , but with the video monitor I can hear her complain and see when she 's stuck . I get up and switch her on her back . Also it 's easier to judge when to get up with a video monitor because you can see if you 're baby is just complaining while moving around in her sleep or if she 's wide awake and crying . It helps a lot at night if you have your baby in their own room . I rate if four stars because the summers one is rated at 3.5 and I did n't get a clear reception with that one .
 I love this monitor . We use it all the time , but just for the visual . The audio is n't great . We use another monitor for that . I would totally recommend this monitor to any parent . Before using this monitor I was only using an audio monitor . One day after putting my son down for a nap , I heard a little cough through the audio monitor . I thought my son might have been just stirring , but I went in to check . I found him lying on his back , as recommended for SIDS safety , choking on his own throw up . I immediately picked him up and tapped his back and he was breathing again . Imagining that I had never heard that little cough ... I was terrified . Now that I have this camera monitor , I am so much more at ease . And if he does make a little noise I can look over to see what going on ... It 's great . Definately buy this monitor .
 The monitor is perfect for us ! We bought this to be able to check on our baby without having to go into her room and risk waking her up . The distance for reception is not that far but I can go outside to hang laundry and be at least twenty feet away from the house before I can no longer see or hear anything but static . The microwave interferes with reception and so does the ps3 controller , but you can still see a good picture and hear the baby , you will just hear static too . I would recommend this product definitly and for the price I found it for , it was a steal !
 Excellent monitor value for money . Sometimes it does interfere with the phone but the apartment is small and almost never happens . I am very satisfied .
 After reading some of the previous reviews on this product , I was a little nervous registering for it . But my husband and I have a Cape Cod style house and with our bedroom being on the first floor , and our new son 's being on the second , we were really hoping this product would save us some footwork on the stairs . So far we have been nothing but pleased . The nightvision is awesome . We can always see our baby no matter what time of day it is and not worry if he 's just fussing in his sleep or if he 's really ready to get up . I 'm sure we could manage to get by with an ordinary monitor , but this one allows us to watch a movie and be able to check on our guy from the couch ! This monitor saves us much anxiety and many steps on the stairs after a long day!The only slight drawback to this monitor would be that things such as microwaves and cordless phones in use can interfere with the frequency of the monitor and that could temporarily mess up the nice , crisp picture of your baby . Once you move away from these things , though , the picture is great again . I would absolutely recommend this product , especially if baby has a bedroom on a different floor of your house than you .
 I agree with the other customers on the interference . I notice that it only interferes when I 'm on my cordless phone , while in her room . Other than that , the monitor works well . I can overlook the minor interferences when I compare it to the overall workings of the monitor.My daughter has had several episodes of turning blue -LRB- for no real reason -RRB- , we 've had a couple ambulance trips to the hospital because of them . After the first event , we went out to immediately purchase a video monitor upon discharge from the ER -LRB- the hospital would n't give me an apnea monitor and I did n't know how I would ever sleep again -RRB- . This monitor gives me so much peace of mind . I wanted the color monitor so I would be able to assess her color during day nap times and the clarity of the video at night is pretty surprising . It 's so sensitive that when I wake up to check her , I can look at the monitor and actually see her chest movement . Once I see that she is fine , I can go back to sleep . The other thing that I love about this monitor is that I can darken the video screen with one push of a button , so that the light from the monitor does n't keep me awake at night . When I wake up , I push the button and the video reappears . The monitor is still on and the sound is active when the monitor is dark.My only complaint would be the range . The monitor works great when close by ... however , we do get interfernce -LRB- lines in screen -RRB- when I take the video base downstairs . We live in a colonial -LRB- approx 1700 sq ft -RRB- and when we are on the main level -LRB- with bdrooms upstairs -RRB- on opposite ends , I will notice some interference . Again , I can overlook that with the overall satisfaction and comfort that this monitor provides.I would buy it again .
 Niece loves it ! She carries it everywhere ! She may be too old for pacifiers soon but she seems to not even bother with the pacifier as much as she enjoys the animal . It seems as the animal has her security pacifier so she is transferring her security to the animal . Who knows ? She loves it !
 My daughter just turned one . Even though the age limit to the wubbanubs is 6 months , she LOVES hers and ca n't live without it ! We are trying to wean her off of it , so we have 3 of them
 My daughter -LRB- 3.5 mos old now -RRB- LOVES this pacifier ! She can actually hold onto it at this age , and we can tuck one leg of it under her stroller or car seat strap so that it is easily accessible to her . We have bought two of them so we have one for the carseat and one for the house - would definitely recommend !
 My great husband found these online right before my daughter was born , and they are INDISPENSABLE !! The stuffed animals helped to keep the paci from falling out all the time , and my little girl loves to hold them , even when she was a newborn . Now that she is older , I watch her at night when she wakes up , she feels around , grabs her Wubby and sticks it in her mouth , so that mommy does n't have to go in 4,000 x a night to stick the paci back in ! Not only that , but we get compliments everywhere we go from people asking about them ... they are so darn cute.We have the ponies -LRB- both -RRB- , the kitten and the duck . The duck is my least favorite because it 's wings make it hard to stand up next to your baby in the crib . This is now my standard baby shower gift for all my friends !
 I got to admit that I was kinda reluctant of this product at first , but since it is so cute we could n't help it . When we got the item we throughly inspected it and it is very well made . The plush part is well sewn with the fillings in several smaller self contained parts -LRB- i.e. the leg fillings ca n't pass on other parts of the body -RRB- . It is light weight but not too light either , if you put it on the baby 's belly it will stay there . The baby can lift it with no problems at all.The Soothie pacifier part is sewn into the plush so it wo n't come apart . It has a large ring with perforations so choke hazard is really none existent.My only complain -LRB- and this is why I did n't give it 5 starts and why I wo n't get another -RRB- is the pacifier part has a very small profile . Description says from 0 to 6 months but the tip does look like a new born Cicco pacifier in size and our baby is more used to the # 2 orthopedic -LRB- flat -RRB- profile ... so a bigger option for bigger babies would 've been nice.It took our baby like 5 seconds to figure out what it was and she instantly and naturally took it from her belly and self inserted it in her mouth . Eventually when she does n't want it anymore she takes it off and plays with it , speaks with it ... it is very cute indeed.If my baby were smaller -LRB- say 1 - 3 months -RRB- I 'd get at least 3 or 4 more . If they make one with a bigger pacifier tip -LRB- or another profile -RRB- count me in .
 We give 4 stars!The Good : * It is seriously soooooo cute ! * The size of the horse is perfect !!! Not too big and not to small . * The weight is perfect . Not to heavy and not to light . It will nicely stay right on babies belly without falling off unless baby wants to play with the horse itself . * Looks to be well made . No loose seams , and well constructed . * The size Soothie attached is 3month . Since you have no option but to have the Soothie sewn in it is the best option in size I guess . Not too big and not too small.The Bad : * I hate that the Soothie paci is sewn in . Could n't there have been some other way to do this ... now instead of buying one Wubbanub and a few Soothie 's to replace a dirty one with you have to buy several Wubbanub 's ? That can get expensive . Had I done my research and learned that the paci is actually sewn in I would have bought the Soothie Pacifier Attacher.FYI - Our Wubbanub did not smell when we got it out of the box and honestly I would not have held that against them if it had ... come on ... manufacturing plants do n't smell good . Would you rather they spray toys down with perfume before sending ???? I do n't !!!!!
 My daughters got these as a gift from my sister in law . When they were born they were all over 5lbs so the girls spent only a few hours in the NICU . Once they brought them to our room I asked for a pacifier . The nurses refused so I sent my husband home for these.Love Love Love them !!!! The girls were able to keep them in their mouth without us having to help . With triplets this has been a lifesaver . Our morning nurse used to work the NICU and was so impressed that she took one up to show them.Not only does it sooth them but our friends and family now look at who has the horse , kitty or dog to figure out which triplet they are holding.Love Them !!!!
 Cute concept . I originally bought this pacifier because I heard that the animal made it so the pacifier does not fall out of baby 's mouth as easily as other pacifiers because the animal can be tucked into the swaddling blanket . However , the animal does not help with that . If my daughter turned her head the pacifier fell out . We probably have more problems keeping this pacifier in her mouth than her others because she can grab the horse and pull it out accidently.However , my daughter -LRB- 8 weeks -RRB- fell in love with this pacifier . She now refuses any other pacifier than her Soothie . Plus , she loves the pink horse . She does not play with any toys yet with the exception of that pink horse . I like that she is learning to put the pacifier back in her own mouth by grabbing a hold of the horse . We will probably have to purchase another one in the near future .
 My daughter is now almost 11 months old and this is one of the two pacifiers she has had for her entire first year of life ! We can always find it ! After the first 7 months my daughter now leaves her paci in her crib for naps and bedtime , so it wo n't get lost ... sometimes we see her on the baby monitor playing with and babbling at it . This is a great first paci for an infant - the animal rests on their chest and helps keep the paci in while they sleep , and then later it kind of transforms into a lovey ... we have n't reached the point of giving up the paci completely yet , so not sure if we will snip it off and resew the mouth or what ... that would be the only reason I 'm giving it 4 and not 5 stars . But if only just to eliminate the need for dozens of pacifiers all over the house ! Just have two of these .
 Although a much lighter pink color than pictured , the product is great . Really helps to keep pacifier in place except when baby pulls on the horse ! And it makes it harder to loose pacifier . My only complaint is that the thread for the horse 's nostrils was way to long and hazardous for little fingers , so I cut it out .
 My 5 month old will only take a soothie pacifier . I love these cute little animals . Makes it easier to keep track of her bink on the go .
 I have yet to find a pacifier that my baby does n't get board with . It 's light weight and if it 's not in her mouth then it 's right by her side . My 4 month old loves it .
 `` Horsey '' as we call him , has been a lifesaver for us . Until about 5 months , our daughter would never take a pacifier . Then one day when she was old enough , she just started taking horsey , because she was drawn to the , well , horse , part of it!The animal makes it easy to find when its lost , and its like a friend to her . People always comment to us what a smart idea it is to have the horse attached and we just tell them we bought it that way.We love this Wubbanub Pacifier so much , we just bought a back-up .
 It is so cutie , just the right size for my new grandbaby to hold on to .
 This is just like the soothies with a toy attached . I do not notice any smell . My daughter loves it ! It is a lot easier to find in her diaper bag with the toy attached too !
 Our 2 month old loves her wubbanubs ! I would highly recommend for any baby who uses a soothie pacifier . Easy to wash - right in the washing machine !
 This pacifer is so cute . My daughter just loves it . The pacifer is attached to the horse , so you ca n't really lose it . Also you ca n't replace the pacifer in the horse 's mouth . Plus , the baby can play with the horse while using the pacifer . Thank you so much .
 Just got the Wub today . It turns out the attached pacifier is the exact same brand of newborn paci we 've been using , so baby already loves the pacifier . The attached pink horse is adorable and stays on her tummy when she spits the paci out instead of falling to the floor . The only reason -LRB- and this is kind of a big reason -RRB- I took a star off is that the horse 's back seam was wide open when I recieved it . It 's too much trouble to send it back so I 'm just going to stitch it up myself .
 It was great except the pacifier itself was thinner than the one we go from the hospital
 Our daughter loved this and used it quite often until she grew out of it . Highly recommended .
 This product changed our life ! In the beginning the Wub-a-nub is great because it acts as a weight on the baby 's chest so that they do not lose it as often . You can even wrap a swaddle around it to ensure that it stays put . As they get older , the stuffed animal is something that they can feel for and find in the dark . My little girl loves her `` wub '' and so do her Mom and Dad !
 I love Wubbanub pacifiers . My daughter can find them in her crib if she wakes up during the night and will put herself back to sleep . Great soothie pacifier sewn to a small stuffed animal - great idea !
 Baby dearly loves this ! I got a second in blue to be sure we had enough ! The small horse is perfect for little hands to grab .
 Fast shipment !!! My daughter loves it ! Very cute !! Love that its so easy to find at night !! Ca n't wait to buy more !!!
 My daughter loves these pacifiers . And apparently so does everybody else because we draw so much attention with them . They are just a little pricey .
 I could have thought of a better gift for my lil baby girl . This is a great product , and hard to lose . My daughter is only 2 months old but she manages to hold onto the horse . I would definetly recommendthis product to all who belive in giving their child a pacifier .
 This item is adorable , I sure wish my 4 month old picked up the paci habit ! The animal has a pacifier sewn into the mouth of it - it can not be removed . My dog got a hold of this and chewed the circle aroudn the base , but it can not be replaced without buying a whole new one ! It sure would be nice if the pacifier was interchangable instead of stationary . I also thought it would be larger , but it 's a tiny little thing .
 I love this product !! I would love for the pacifier to have a cap ... but other than that is great !! My little girl started using it around 2.5-3 months , before that she couldnt hold the horse , but now she loves it and grabs it without a problem !! It makes it easier for her to put it back when it falls too !
 I love Wubbanubs ! My baby loves wubbanubs ! Her daycare loves Wubbanubs ! I give them as gifts to all new babies i know ! They are small , light , stuffed toys with a pacifier SEWN into it . I have read the negative reviews , and I do n't think the idea is to keep the pacifier in the baby 's mouth if they do n't want it there . My daughter would push it out , but once she was aware it was there , she could easily get it back into her mouth . The stuffed toy keeps it close , and it 's much easier to find than a loose pacifier . The Wubbanub stays in her crib at night , and is so easy to grab in the dark . It also gives her something to play with and occupy her hands -LRB- although , she does enjoy gumming the toy as much as the pacifier ! -RRB- They are extremely well made , and put up with alot of abuse . I love them !
 My daughter loved this so much I had to order another one in able to be able to wash them .
 I bought this right after I started baby sitting my granddaughter at six weeks old . She 's 8 months old now , and this has turned out to be the best thing I 've gotten her . As it turns out it 's a real wrist saver . When I 'm holding and feeding her I prop her wubbanub -LRB- we call it Wubby -RRB- under the bottle and I just barely balance with my hand . She will hold on to a leg or tail and when I take the bottle away she still has `` Wubby '' while she 's snoozing plus a toy/pacifer when she 's awake . Well worth the money .
 We bought this pail because of its price and because it uses regular bags . We have used it for a year , and it has worked very well . Yes , it absorbs odors , but that is going to be a problem anyway with any pail . We changed bags twice a week and that worked perfectly fine . My son is breastfed and his diapers did not really smell until he started to eat solids , and that was after he was 9 months . After his first birthday we switched to cloth diapers and started potty training . With cloth diapers the poop goes directly into the toilet , so the odors goes down the toilet and not into the pail . We are really happy with the results , my son is almost potty trained now , we have eliminated disposable diapers , and we use cloth diapers every once in a while and at night . Now that my son is 16 months we are not using the pail at all . I recommend other parents to start using more cloth diapers and start potty training early rather than dealing with the no-ecofriendly and stinky disposables .
 We use this with aPlanet Wise Diaper Pail Liner -LRB- Sea Spray -RRB- for our cloth diapers . It holds comfortably about 20-24 prefolds with just dropping them through the top hole -LRB- i.e. , not pushing them down -RRB- . The button to open the lid-within-a-lid is easy to operate one-handed -LRB- with a diaper in the other hand -RRB- . We have not yet had to use a deodorizer , but we put poopy diapers in a little water-filled bucket in the laundry room ; however , it does contain the strong urine smell . We do laundry about every other day , so not sure how it would work for longer dirty diaper storage . Overall , it does exactly what we need it to do , is small enough to pick up and bring to the laundry room , easy to operate , and inexpensive . We bought ours at a big box baby store for about $ 20 , so the current price on Amazon is a little high .
 My mom bought me one of these for my birthday so I would have somewhere to put my wet GoodNites in in the morning . It works really awesome and the smell does n't stink up my bedroom so my friends wo n't know
 I find that most people who post glowing reviews for baby items generally have a tiny infant and have not used it for a long period of time.I have used this diaper pail for over 2 1/2 years now . That means my two kids have been eating solid food for about 2 years now , which is where `` odor control '' really needs to kick in . Because I never had a problem with odors until the kids started eating real food . That 's about the time the odor disc ran out so I just inserted a glade plug-in . But now I do n't even bother.The reason I bought this pail and not the revered Diaper Genie was that it used regular trash bags and could some day be used as a regular garbage can if you took the lid off.I have to change the pail twice a week and yes it can get pretty stinky . Yes , it is made of plastic so it WILL absorb odors . Here is the key
 I got this item as a gift for my shower . And I could not have been more happy . It does a great job of keeping out the odors , but as with any trash you must take it out after a few days . The best part is , you do not need to purchase any special bags , you can use regular 13 gallon trash bags . -LRB- We buy the scent kind . -RRB- Once the disk air freshner runs out in few months , you can replace with another type of airfresher . We have found those air freshner that hang on the side of your toilet boil to be perfect . They are really inexpensive and very strong . Just place one of those little guys in the top ... and you are good to go .
 I bought this pail when I was using disposable diapers , after my `` Neat '' diaper pail , crapped out on me ! I was tired of buying special liners and wanted something easier and sturdier . It worked great on disp . and my husband even liked using it . . I have now converted to the `` new wave '' of cloth diapering mommas . I am currently using Fuzzi Bunz `` pocket '' type cloth diapers with various inserts , and I am still using this same diaper pail , I just use a re-usable/washable pail liner in it instead of a trash bag . . I would deffinitly reccomend this product to BOTH cloth AND diaposable users . -LRB- but I would have to say disposable users really should look into using cloth , with all the new designs and types its not what cloth used to be ! -RRB-
 We have been using this diaper pail for 16 months now and have no complaints at all . We cloth diaper and have a pretty small stash , so I wash every 1.5 to 2 days . This pail seems to fill up right around the time I 'd need to wash anyway , so it 's really perfect for us . I would say it comfortably holds 10-12 one-size pocket diapers plus cloth wipes and a few flats and covers . We do n't use the deodorizer thing on top but have no issues at ALL with foul smells -LRB- we DO use a diaper sprayer , though , and thoroughly rinse the poopy diapers before putting them in the pail -RRB- . Wet diapers go directly in the pail with no rinsing . Again , we have no problems with odor but if you 're not washing as often maybe odors would become a problem
 Unlike what some others have said , this diaper pail TOTALLY hides the odor . I have gone long periods of time w/o emptying it and one would never know because there is no smell . I love that it uses regular kitchen bags - if you use the cinch kind you can cinch it up before removing it and never have to smell anything . The compartment to put deodoriser in is a great bonus - but you really do n't even need to use it . This is inexpensive and does the job really well .
 We have had this for four years . It is easy to change the garbage bags - we use the same size for our household trash , so it 's very convenient . When the lid is closed , it does a good job of keeping odor contained . However , it stinks inside - the odor disc ran out quickly and this company apparently does n't sell replacement discs - you have to improvise . Lysol and bleach help a little bit - but thankfully you only notice the smell when you are changing the bag .
 We registered for this pail with our first child & have been wonderfully pleased with it . It has worked perfectly & since you can go out & buy inexpensive replacement deoderizers which keep it from smelling . The best thing about the pail is how much it saves you on replacement liners . You can use regular kitchen trash liners - unlike Diaper Genie which forces you to buy theirs.We 're expecting another child & I 'll be purchasing another pail for that nursery .
 The price is right ! It 's convenient ; I 've used it for 15 months now . Yes , the smells do come out sometimes , but then you know it 's time to change it ! We buy the cheap store brand trash bags , which work great and are only $ 1.50 / box of 20 . I did n't get the Diaper Genie because of the price and the hassle of the `` special '' bags . I 'm happy with this purchase .
 In the pails defense I have to say that it 's alot better then buying those expensive diaper genie refills . It worked really well for us for about 6 months then the little deoderizer disc lost it 's smell and my husband got tired of fighting with the disc holder . It was quickly removed . We did spray the can with a bacterial spray and that seemed to work well . Our daughter is almost two with the second one on the way . We do n't keep the pail in her room because it does n't always hold smell like it says it does . It stays in a closet . I do have to agree with on of the other reviewers in that if you do n't receive it as a gift like I did , go out and buy a nice looking lidded trash can and save yourself the $ 15 .
 I have used this diaper pail for 2.5 months with twin babies . We go through a LOT of diapers ;-RRB- This pail has done a nice job . The only time I have smelled an odor is if the pail is full to the top and the pop-lid is left open . I really like the capacity to deal with double diapers of twins . I also have a Diaper Champ and I prefer this diaper pail over the Champ . They perform about the same , but the capacity of the Safety 1st Pail makes it a winner for me .
 I really like this diaper pail . Great price and so far -LRB- my baby is 6 weeks -RRB- we have no odor escaping . Granted -- each time I change the bag I completely sanitize the pail -- hot , hot water with lysol . It only take a few minutes and it only makes sense to sanitize something that sits in your precious child 's room just holding waste . I too like the fact that I do not have to go buy `` special '' refills for it . I figure diapers cost enough as is -- why spend a bundle getting rid of them once they are ready for the trash ?!
 You do n't need to buy special bags for this . It 's easy to use and keeps the smell in . Of course you need to change it regulary . I love this diaper pail !
 I have had this diaper pail for over two years . My sister tried to get me to purchase a more expensive pail that uses special bags because she said it would be a better value in the long run -LRB- she thought this pail would break easily -RRB- . Well , she was wrong . I did n't want to spend $ 30 or $ 40 on a small garbage can for dirty diapers and another $ 15 or $ 20 on special bags for the pail , so I purchased this one before my son was born . He is now nearly 2 1/2 years old and I 'm coming back for another pail because we finally wore this one out . I think I got my money 's worth.As far as odor control is concerned , do n't be fooled ! I have yet to see -LRB- or smell -RRB- a diaper pail that controls odors . The secret to controling odors is to empty the pail often and do n't put the really nasty diapers in the pail , throw them outside in a trash can . this will keep your nursery -LRB- and house -RRB- from smelling.I highly recommend this to new mothers ; it is the easiest , most stress-free pail out there , and lets face it , as a new mom , or even a busy mom , easy and stress-free is the only way to go !
 I did n't want a super huge garbage can in the baby 's room for our cloth diapers so I decided to give this a try in hopes that it would n't be too small ... It 's perfect ! It comes up to just below my knee and is very discreet and works great for our purpose of cloth diapering . It may seem small compared to specific cloth diaper pails , but it encourages me to keep up on laundry more often and does n't take up a ton of space , which I like . The Planet Wise Diaper Pail Liner fits like a glove in this pail which was an added bonus !
 This is our second Easy Saver Diaper Pail . The first lasted about 18 months before the lid springs broke and the lid had to be opened manually . That 's not a big deal as we abused it pretty hard . We liked it enough that we bought another.The diaper pail works well . The opening is a good size for the cloth diapers we are using -LRB- g-diaper -RRB- and the lid pops open quickly and and closes snugly . The smell stays inside pretty well . It fits plastic bags as well as the thicker , re-usable diaper bags . My only complaint is that it is n't the prettiest diaper pail in the world , and may look out of place in a highly decorated nursery . But the images fairly represent the appearance , and it 's not exactly ugly either . Function over form .
 The main reason we bought two of these was that you do n't need to buy special refills , plain old bags will do . Do n't know how it compares to the Diaper Genie for smell control , but those refills are so expensive in the long , we 'll probably never find out unless one of these cans falls apart . ** Update ** It 's been a year and we bought another one in that time for another room in the house . Smell control is pretty good , especially now with the switch to solid foods from baby foods . Only if you are right next to it when it 's closed do you smell anything and I mean right next to it.The only downfall is that it 's not that stable on carpeting , especially when you try to empty it . Still , would rather have this over the Diaper Genie and it 's expensive refills . ** Update 2 ** Do not lose the dome-shaped part that holds the deodorizer disc ! Ours went missing somehow and the ability of the pail to hold in the smell was awful . Even put a sticky deodorizer disc in to no avail . A quick phone call to the company and a few bucks later , we got a new dome . And the smell containment is good again . FYI , we use an Arm and Hammer disc deodorizer disc that does a better job than the one supplied .
 Very durable , excellent capacity and takes regular trash bags . The deodorizer disk ran out after ~ 7 months , but that 's expected and was easily swapped out .
 I purchased this pail over a year ago , and it 's still going strong . I initially put all diapers -LRB- # 1 and # 2 's -RRB- when my child was an infant but found the pail did n't hold the stink in very well , even before my child began solid foods . Now , I place only # 1 diapers in it and have no problems with odor leakage unless the lid is left open . I do clean it once in a while -LRB- no more than 1x/month -RRB- with disinfectant and hot water , and this helps cut down on the smell when I open the lid to change the bags . The reason I purchased this over more expensive pails is I can use regular trash bags or recycled store bags . I use recycled store bags , which gives me enough room to fit two days worth of diapers and is just the right time to leave the diapers in there without having odor leakage . Also , the odor disks are useless , so I removed the plastic disc holder from the lid so I could fit more diapers in the pail.PROS : - Inexpensive - No need for expensive refills or odor disks - Just the ride size to hide in the corner of the room - Attractive color - Can store extra bags in bottom of pail for easy refill - Easy to openCONS : - Noisy when smaller lid opens - Prone to odor leakage - Odor disks are uselessOverall , I 've been pleased with this pail and would recommend it over more expensive pails . It does have drawbacks , but after trial and error , I 've found ways around the most annoying ones . Highly recommend !
 Do n't waste your money on expensive diaper pails and special bags for them . This diaper pail is all you need !!! It takes regular kitchen bags !! I thought it was a little small at first but it takes about a week to fill up then by that point the bag may not be full but its heavy enough that it needs to be taken out but not too heavy that you ca n't lift it or have the bag split . It has a holder on the inside for air freshner disks and if you do n't plan on using them then you can remove the holder . I wash mine weekly with some bleach and I have no problem with the odor . I have used this diaper pail for 9 months and love it along with the price . I highly recommend this to all moms !!!
 Nothing special , but does the job admirably . Has a large spot in lid for any kind of deodorizer/smell-good stuff you might want to add to nullify the lingering scent of doody , and uses standard medium garbage bags .
 I run an in-home family child care . Until recently I had been using a Diaper Genie . I had grown tired of the refill expense -LRB- imagine how many diapers a daycare uses with 5 in diapers -RRB- and was not happy with the ease , or lack there of , of removing the old diapers from the pail for disposal -LRB- which I must do at least once a day -RRB- . I am very happy with the Safety 1st pail thus far . It has been in use a couple of weeks now and it is easy to use . I buy really cheap , scented 13 gal garbage bags from the local grocery store -LRB- they come in a roll inside a twist-tied bag -RRB- . I do n't have a problem putting a new bag in . I can see why one reviewer mentioned the lid not staying open on its own but personally it has n't been a challenge . I also understand the point made about the loudness of opening the lid and having the scented disc rattle around but even during the occasional nap-time changes all other children have remained asleep . So far , odor has been a bit more of an issue than with the Diaper Genie -LRB- obviously ... see the difference in design -RRB- but it has not been terrible other than the whiff you may get after opening the top to put a diaper in and of course when emptying the pail . I am going to be picking up a `` stick-up '' style air freshener on my next trip to the grocery store to see if that has greater control over the odor . I think this will also leave less room in the scent holder compartment for it to be rattling around on opening and closing.For the price of the pail , the convenience of use , the price of `` refilling '' the bags & odor stiflers I think I have a great pail!Final though
 Pros : No special bagsSmall opening helps keep odor controlledInexpensiveI got this when my first son was born 2 years ago . I 'm now using it for his diapers as well as my 3 month old 's . Now that my first son is older I pre-wrap his # 2 diapers in bags I get at the dollar store and that really helps with odor . The deodorizing discs that come with it are completely useless , but I just use Glad vanilla scented kitchen bags to line it and let it air out at the end of each week.I 'm really glad I got this pail and have recommended it to others .
 We wash our diapers daily which is probably more effective at odor control than the little disc that rattles around every time we open the pail . Although a foot pedal would probably have been a better mechanism for opening and closing the lid , the push button is effective and not too cumbersome .
 I was given a diaper genie at my shower , and from day 1 it was a hassle , it was complicated , I did n't really think it took care of smell that well , I just could n't deal with something i would have to fight with everyday and change so often . This diaper pail is not the best , I can still smell some odor , but for me the simplicity of it is worth it . I hated the turning pushing , special bags , installations difficulties . This pail is easy , has a large capacity , has a space for deodorants and is not too expensive . So , you will have some smell leak out , but it 's worth not having the headache from the counterpart .
 I love that special pricey bags or refills are not needed with this diaper pail . It does a pretty decent job of keeping out the smell , but with how stinky my son 's poos are , I still tie poopy diapers in a plastic shopping bag before putting it in the pail -LRB- also keeps from getting yucky stuff of my hands when I push it into the pail -RRB- . I do wish that this was hands-free like my other pail , but it works much better on smell . If you want to completely eliminate diaper odors you 'll have to take each diaper out of the house immediately .
 We have used this pail for 3 years , and 2 kids . The advantage is that this pail does n't require any special bags . We change out the bag twice a week . You save a lot of money if you get sheap bags at Dollar Tree or Big Lots -LRB- works out to about 10-cents a bag -RRB- . It does get stinky sometimes , but all garbage pails do and every child has an extra stinky diaper occasionally . Roll with it and save money when and where you can .
 I have had this product for over 3 years -LRB- and 2 kids -RRB- and I prefer it many times over the Diaper Genie , which I also have . I think the name of it has changed over the years but it looks exactly the same . My only complaint was the inner `` claw '' that we had to push the diaper through . We removed that part and left the inner ring in and it 's fine . I let it go quite a while before changing it and only notice an odor when it 's nearly full , but that 's to be expected with a bunch of dirty diapers filling it up .
 Ca n't figure out why there 's any negative reviews ? This thing is great ! Simple , effective design , Does n't require purchase of any special bags , and seals pretty air tight , and it 's made in the USA to boot . We keep this in our room and it keeps the odor out well . Skip the expensive alternatives and buy this .
 I did not buy this to use as a diaper pail but had another use in mind for it . I had been looking up Litter Lockers in the pet department when I found some suggestions on how to save some money and figured it could n't hurt to try . I actually have this diaper pail in my house to use for cat litter disposal and it works great !! I did not want to get caught up down the road having to buy the expensive consumable bags for the Litter Locker and I had also read some reviews that the product was not that sturdy and could break . I am not cheap - but I wanted a product to get my money 's worth from . I will no longer have to tie up the cat waste in plastic bags and run outside at every scoop ! I have put this little baby right by the cat boxes and I 'm all set - hopefully this will also initiate more frequent scooping . A few side notes to anyone wishing to try this out for themselves . The cats like to sit on it and therefore can hit the button to pop the top open - I 'm waiting for them to knock it over and then I 'll have to find a way to stick it to the floor . You need to invest in the more expensive odor control garbage bags but it 's still a money saver compared to the Litter Locker bags . I did take out the little `` odor dome '' at the top because it closed in the opening too much for the scooper to fit in - go for a glade stick up if you need extra odor control !! And depending on the size of your existing litter scooper you may need to get a smaller one . Mine was a little too wide for the pop up hole but it was an easy switch to make to ensure you hit the hole instead of lifting the entire lid up .
 Okay , so I am NOT reviewing this product as a diaper pail . My comments ought to prove relevant , nevertheless . I purchased this product as a replacement for my kitchen compost pail . The old one had worn out , and all the new ones were of a design that had carbon filters that serve no purpose save to require you to spend money regularly to replace them ; while the old compost pail simply had a good lid and no odor ever escaped . But it got nasty over time and cleaning it was no fun , when that had to be done . When it wore out , and I was searching for a new odorless , no-filter pail , I found this diaper pail . Why not ? The problem is the same , right ? How to keep smelly stuff from stinking up the house . But this pail went the old pail one better
 I bought this pail before my son was born . I liked how you did n't have to buy expensive bags for it . It works great and not difficult to change . Also I have n't had any major order problems . I attached a deordorizer to it -LRB- the one it came with ran out and you can only by them from company -RRB- . We do have to change it every other day -LRB- the pail fills up quick -RRB- but it 's worth the money we save .
 I 'm glad to see more people are trying out cloth diapers ! I also started with disposables , then moved to Fuzzibunz ! I love this diaper pail ! It 's be PERFECT for both ! My mom had the diaper genie for my little brother ans sister but hated it . This diaper pail keeps the smell out very well !! I also recommend people give cloth diapering a go ! There are more options today then there were in the past .
 This is a great little diaper pail ! I wanted to buy a diaper pail that was n't too bulky and this seemed just right . It can use any standard trash bag which is a plus . I certainly did n't want to buy special bags for something that holds dirty diapers ! We have twins and the pail holds enough for a few days . I would n't want dirty diapers hanging out in a room for more days than that anyway so this is just right ! The colors of the pail are not the same as what is pictured . Instead of white/blue , it is tan/ivory . It 's a diaper pail so the color does not matter to me . As far as odor goes , if you change it often and not let the diapers steep in their own grossness , you wo n't have issues with odor . Overall a great diaper pail !
 I could n't be happier with this product . It is easy to use ; a convenient size ; there is no odor escaping from it ; and it uses regular trash bags so no additional expense for special liners . It was fairly inexpensive and I was pleased to see what great quality of workmanship and materials went into it . Then I noticed it was Made in the USA -LRB- not China for a change -RRB- and I thought no wonder it is good quality . I hope Amazon continues to provide more American made products .
 I first purchased this pail at Baby 's R Us for my first -LRB- for slightly cheaper -RRB- . We loved this pail and used Glad Febreeze trash bags with it . Works like a dream . Just purchased my second for my second baby . We use one for our cloth diapers and one for disposables . Works great for both . We use Planet Wise pail liners for cloth . They fit perfect .
 We are using cloth diapers and were looking for a pail to keep the scent in . this works well for us . it holds a lot of diapers and contains the smell ... . but when you open it for wash day it lets you know how well it has been containing the smell . we use a reusable liner made by kissaloves . i have seen the diaper pails that twist to contain smell but that is extra cost buying the special trash bags and my brothers twisting thing broke . so i like this pail . and recommend it .
 After reading some of the reviews , I was a little bit nervous , but it ended up being a great bargain.Pros : - No costly specialized bags-Decent size-Decent designCons : - The stupid sticker on the front that is a pain to removePrevious reviewers mentioned a funky smell and difficulties using the pail . I have NEVER had these issues . However , I use scented trash bags and odor neutralizing disks to prevent any sort of smell from leaving the pail.For the price , I firmly believe this is a great deal ... and the best part is that my house does not smell like soiled diapers !!!
 We bought the Diaper Genie with our first child -LRB- had to go all out with the first , right ? ;-RRB- I wanted another diaper pail in my newborn 's room , so i would n't have to go back and forth between the two . I opted for this b/c of price . I wish I would have just bought this one with my first child and spent the other $ 15 bucks on something else . Seriously do NOT have a problem with odors . I bought those Arm and Hammer tabs that you can get at Target and Amazon and stick one in the top compartment . It 's clearly meant for that purpose . For good measure , I also throw in some loose A&H each time I change a bag -LRB- inside the bag itself -RRB- . I love that I do n't have to stop in Target to get Genie inserts . I just hit up my home pantry for a tall kitchen bag ! Saves $ $ $ $ too ; - -RRB-
 We have has this pail for about a year and it is pretty good . We also have a diaper genie which we both hate . The diaper genie may contain the smell when it is closed , but when you open it , it smells MUCH worse . Plus the hassle of the `` twistaway '' system , special refills , claw thing you have to push the diapers thru and the tiny button to open and lift the lid are all BIG MINUSES FOR THE DIAPER GENIE.The Easy Saver pail is very convenient , does not smell that bad -LRB- I mean what do you expect with week old poopy diapers in it ? -RRB- and I love the pop up top on the lid . That is why it is better than a trash can ... I disagree with people who say you should `` save your money '' and get a plain trash can . I mean COME ON THE THING IS ONLY 15 bucks ! I think it holds in the smell fairly well and , as mentioned earlier , the pushbutton top is terribly convenient . We like using regular trashbags too.I just wish there was a replacement deodorizer -LRB- I know ours is not working anymore -RRB- , I may try some of the suggetions other people have mentioned in their reviews .
 This is a very inexpensive diaper pail , so you should n't set your expectations too high , however , it does the job . The only complaint I have is it does get stinky , but you can spray lysol or use stick-ups . I have had no other complaints using this pail . Considering how much some of the `` better '' pails cost and the fact that you have to use their refills , I would definitely recommend this product . We actually use the Diaper Dekor in the nursery and this one downstairs , so if you could use `` two '' pails in your house , you could get one better than this , but I would definitely buy this one as a second .
 This diaper pail is cheap and easy . You can use your own 13 gallon bags . There is an oder disc that comes with it , however it does n't last long . We have just put a `` stick-ups '' oder thing in the same spot and it works wonderfully!Don ' t waste your money on a diaper genie etc. .
 I bought this as a simple inexpensive pail to use for cloth diapering . I use thePlanet Wise Diaper Pail Liner -LRB- White -RRB- and it fits perfectly . So far , I love this pail . It 's the perfect size
 I have been using this diaper can for 6 months now and am very happy with it 's ability to contain the odor from my daughter 's smelly poopy diapers ! I love that I can use a regular trash bag , instead of having to remember to buy refills . I can not say if it contains odor as well as a diaper genie , but it contains odor very well , and I am an extreme clean freak ! It is very easy to empty and change the bag . Another pro is that it is dog proof , my dogs have not gotten into this can at all!Pros : - Contains odor well - Can use regular trash bags - Pet proof -LRB- does not open/spill if knocked over by my rowdy dogs -RRB- Cons : - None that I can think of
 I have had this diaper pail for 14 mos and have loved the convenience of this product . The last thing you want to have to worry about is buying specific bags for your diaper pail ! A mom has better things to think about and better things to do with her money . So nice to just be able to use any ordinary trash bag . This pail has worked great for us . I occasionally clean it out with soap and water . We are getting to the point now where the diapers are truly stinky , but we just take the diapers out every day along with the regular trash . Recently , we do get a whiff of stinky diaper when we open it , but I 've found that with the genie , too . I may try putting poopie diapers in a little plastic bag before disposing and see if that helps . Not a big deal.This is a cost-effective , no-nonsense baby product . I 'd buy it again . Not sure why it 's so expensive on amazon . I found it for probably half the price at the big box baby store .
 I did n't use diaper pails at all . I used regular garbage can . Since we have a lot trees outside . Little mosquito 's came inside . My baby got sick . So I decided to have a diaper pail . I order this one because it was cheaper and there was no special bags to go with it . I have liked it very much . Only one thing I did n't like was that there was no packaging . It was like someone have had used it before . I would recommend it .
 Easy , affordable , convenient to find deodorizers and bags to fit -LRB- any will work -RRB- AND the company is so nice ! We accidentally took the deodorizer holder out with the trash . The company is sending us a new one for $ 2.50 ! Dirty diapers stink no matter what , but this product does a great job !
 I bought this pail primarily because I did n't want to have to deal with expensive refills that many of the other diaper pails have . I did this understanding that it would not mask the smell as good . Instead I keep a box of inexpensive diaper sacks in the changing area and for any smelly diapers - I put it in a sack before throwing it in the pail . When it 's full it does get a little stinky but it really has n't been bad at all.The deodorizer chamber is large and you can add your own.My main problem with this pail is that it does n't seal . The hinge in the back has open holes where stinky diaper air can get out.However , I love this diaper pail , it 's a great inexpensive option if you do n't mind putting the diapers in the sacks yourself instead of buying expensive refills .
 In my experience there is no diaper pail that truly controls that diaper odor . We prefer this diaper pail because it is as good as the more expensive systems without the expense of costly refills . We set out a solid air freshener such as Magic Citrus near or even in the pail -LRB- not the trash bag -RRB- and we have no complaints .
 This product is very simple and straightforward but exactly what I wanted . I did n't want to buy any of the diaper pails that individually package each diaper . Although they may seal in the smell a bit I do n't like having to buy the brand specific and costly refills . This diaper pail can be used with any tall kitchen trash bag . I have purchased the Bio-Bag biodegradable bags from Amazon for a great price to accompany this pail . I am not sure about the amount of smell it will keep in as I still have a newborn whose diapers do n't get to stinky . A great deal for under $ 20 . I would recommend it . Came quickly and ready to go , no assembly .
 This is nothing more than a trash can -LRB- plus a Deodorizer container -RRB- . Pros : - uses any trash bag -LRB- no refills -RRB- - Easy to use - Deodorizer container is nice.Cons : - bit noisy when opening .
 Easy to use . Just press the button to flip center cap to drop the diaper inside . Easy to remove the dirty diapers bag and reload a new bag . Pretty much odor free . You can keep anti-odor pieces inside the center cap . It uses tall kitchen bags which means very minimal ongoing cost . Quality product at great price . I recommend it .
 This is exactly what I was looking for
 This pail lets you use normal trash bags and does a good job of eliminating smell .
 This gift received rave reviews at the party for the twins ... what a sweet and adorable gift idea ! Excellent service , arrived before anticipated -LRB- as did my twin cousins ! -RRB-
 You do have to stain it yourself , but once you do , the table and stools are durable and super-cute . I especially like how sturdy the stools are -- not much danger your little ones will be able to tip them and fall over -LRB- as they would with little chairs -RRB- . We get compliments all the time . The price is great too ! I 'm not sure why Amazon wanted me to rate this set 's `` educational value , '' since it 's not a toy , but oh well . You wo n't be sorry , get this set for your kid !
 This table is the BEST VALUE ever ! The cheapest price out there is at Amazon !!! Bought this table , the bench , and the chair with ottoman ! My daughter LOVES her patio furniture !!!
 This picnic table is a wonderful little table for the kids . We have grand children ranging from age 13 to a few month , and the kids just love sitting and playing at the table . I would recommend it for anyone who is in the market for a kid 's picnic table .
 Just received this table and stool set and put it together with my son last night . Sturdy product . Well made and easy to assemble . Worth the price and adorable . My 2 and 3 year olds are already using it !
 WE THOUGHT THE TABLE AND BENCHES WOULD BE A LITTLE TALLER HOWEVER OUR 8 YR OLD USES THE PRODUCT WITH NO ISSUES . THE UMBRELLA IS VERY CUTE AND CHARMING . OUR FOUR CHILDREN ENJOY A FUN BREAKFAST/LUNCH IN THE SHADE AND PLAYTIME WITH PLAYDOH AND PLAY FOOD OUTSIDE . WE LOVE THE FUN TIMES THIS PRODUCT AS ALLOTTED OUR CHILDREN !
 Very cute table with a real wooden umbrella . Not too difficult to put together , had it all done in less than an hour . I did find it at -LSB- ... -RSB- for -LSB- ... -RSB- though . Even with shipping and tax it was still less than -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Dust ruffle is generous in length and a great value . It looks fantastic on the crib .
 After I saw the joy & ease of play my son had at a train table while visiting a friend , I decided it was time to buy one . But I did n't want one of the many you can find . I wanted one that could be used for a regular household table long after my son has outgrown his trains & toys . This table seemed like the best I could find within my budget . There is a table ` package ' that includes two baskets . I ordered the one without the baskets ; I want to pick my own.First , the good stuff they thought of ; 1 . The instructions are well illustrated , diagrammed & easy to follow .2 . The hardware includes a screwdriver & Allen wrench like it says , but you will have to sort out the screws & washers as they all come in one bag . It did n't take too long & they 're easy to tell apart .3 . It took less than 45 minutes for me to put it together by myself . That includes sorting the hardware & reading instructions .4 . Once it 's together it look very nice.Now the heads-up notices ; 1 . `` exotic Asian hardwood '' is actually laminated -LRB- thin pieces of wood glued together , held under pressure until dry -RRB- hardwood , manufactured in China . Nice spin !! But I 'm alright with that . I 'd prefer solid hardwood , but expense is a factor & I do n't have the tools , time or space to build my own ! 2 . It is HEAVY , 68 lbs , so you may want to decide where it 's going to live & leave it there . You may also want help in carrying it .3 . You will possibly need a second person to help hold the bottom shelf in position while you get two diagonal corner braces screwed to the legs . I just happened to have a box that was the right height to place underneath , then pulled up an unattached corner of the shelf & pulled the box out .4 . The legs have to be put in so that the brace holes are facing each other before you screw them in . I found that I had to flip the placement of two of the legs to line them up correctly . Otherwise , the braces for the shelf will be useless ! 5 . Beware ! The Allen screws for the shelf braces stripped on the final tightening turn.All together I would say this is a good , budget , wood option to the particle board & fiberglass tables out there . This table is sturdy , solid & will have a long life of use after my son has grown ... for the money I would have spent on a regular train table , I have a handsome , wood option.I only wish I could build my own , with my own design & wood choice ! I 'd go for Danish modern , Eames era ...
 We got it well packaged , assembled it easily . the build quality is not that good , it is less refined than the other more expensive options in the market , but it is excellent to take two kids anywhere , including hikes . it rides very smoothly , has many features like almost flat position for the seats . it 's not light and would not be easy for small woman to carry and get in and out of the car . it does not fold to a small size , it easily enters a large car baggage or van/SUV . We are really happy with it !
 Like some of the other reviewers , this is the first storage kit used in storing my wife 's breastmilk . The ring adapters work well with the Medela pump , but you 'll need at least two of these kits if your pump is of the double action variety.Pros -1 -RRB- Adapters work with Medela collection pumps of both the manual and powered variety .2 -RRB- No need to transfer breast milk from storage to bottle , which can reduce some of the nourishment found in breast milk . The drop-in liners function for both storage AND feeding .3 -RRB- 10 drop-in liners included here . These liners are not as fragile as those made by Gerber . They withstand heating and freezing rather well.Cons -1 -RRB- You go through liners like crazy , but that is to be expected .2 -RRB- If you plan to store breast milk ahead of time , you 'll need plenty of these kits . Say you or your wife has to go into surgery -LRB- as mine did to correct some complications induced during the delivery of our daughter -RRB- . My wife takes five of these collectors to work , each of which effectively holds 4 ounces . I 've also got some breast milk in the freezer , others waiting to be cleaned . All told , we 've purchased 5 of these kits . These costs add up .3 -RRB- If you do as they say and just screw the kit into the bottle for feeding , the Playtex drop-in holders can not give you an effective reading on how many ounces are left . For one , the liners collapse -LRB- to be expected -RRB- , which does help in reduce the amount of air your baby gets . Second , the extra ring which fits around the latex drop-in raises the drop-in above the `` 1 ounce '' mark . To get a proper reading on how much milk is left , you have to remove the latex drop-in from the screw-in ring and place it directly into the drop-in holder.Ok , so it sounds like its a pain . But it works , which is more than I can say for some of the other systems . Overall , Playtex 's system works great for this stay-at-home Dad .
 I 'm using an Ameda Purely Yours pump and the adapter fits perfectly and makes pumping so much easier . Before I found this , I would pump into the bottles provided with my pump , then pour into a storage bag to freeze , and then have to thaw it out and pour into a bottle ... talk about a pain ... not to mention the nutrients that are being left behind with all of the transfers ! Now , I just pump into the drop-ins -LRB- it helps to use with a bottle attached , so that if you need to stop in the middle of pumping and you can stand it up -RRB- and either freeze or refrigerate . Also , the adapter ring enables me to pump directly into Playtex reusable bottles !
 I am breastfeeding my daughter and am working full-time . While I was on maternity leave I was only pumping occassionly , and I used the Gerber bags that zip closed to store and freeze . This worked ok for occassional use but I knew I had to find something more convenient when I was going to be pumping 6 + bottles per day . I came across the Playtex Storage Kit and it has been wonderful . I bought two kits , as one kit only has one pump adapter and 4 storage rings -- now I have two adaptors to accommodate my Medela double pump and I can have up to 8 bottles prepared at a time . They work great because I can pump right into the liners , refridgerate them , and then that night I drop the liners into the bottles and wash the storage rings and then re-pack them for the next day 's pumping . I 've found it 's easiest this way because I can make do with only having 8 rings , and it is also easy to read the number of ounces in the bottle because I 'm not using the additional ring on the bottle . It 's also very easy for the sitter because the bottles are made and ready to be warmed . The only downside is that I also had to buy 8 bottles to accommodate this . It is really convenient if you are going to pump and then use the milk in a relatively short period of time . I still use the Gerber ziplock liners when I freeze milk because it stores more compactly in the freezer , and also does n't take up so many of the rings , as they can be costly .
 I used the Playtex drop-ins system with my son . He was exclusively breastfed for the first year of his life -LRB- with enough milk stored to last him another two months , until he was about 14 months old -RRB- . I am about to have my second child and plan on using the same system , as it worked so well with our first child.I am a school teacher , and after my maternity leave was up , I needed a way to pump and store milk for longer periods of time -LRB- as in several weeks ahead of time -RRB- . I am a busy person , and did n't want to have to clean bottles all the time , so the drop-ins system looked good in that regard . However , I did not want to spend a fortune on the storage disks/lids in these kits , and I figured that I would have to do this if I wanted to store the milk in the drop-in liners longer than a week . BUT I found a really good alternative that worked for me . Here 's what I did
 I really love this system and find it has met all my needs . My son receives only breastmilk and this system has made it SO easy to express , store , and feed him with a bottle.I have not found the liner cost to be a problem . Nor was I disturbed by how many kits I needed to buy . I think I bought 5 or 6 to make sure I had enough . It just depends on how much you 're going to need to store . But you do n't need many actual bottles , since the milk does n't have to be stored in them , so the price evened out for me . Besides , it 's much cheaper than buying formula!I also do n't care about exact measurements of how much my son eats . I can get the measurement just by lifting the liner out and taking a look . But when he 's at the breast , I do n't know how much he 's eaten , so I do n't track just how much he has from the bottle , either . I just make sure he has enough dirty diapers.I find the system easy to use because I can express directly into a liner , put the bottle into the freezer , then remove the liner from the bottle when it 's frozen . This reduces the space needed . When it 's feeding time , just pop one of them into a bottle , heat , and replace the cap with a nipple . Easy !
 I keep reading about the cost complaints but dang bebe 's cost money and storing milk is expensive if you want conveniece . I love this storage system and have had NO problems and it is not messy nor clumsy . You just pump , close the lid and toss in the fridge or freezer and when you are ready you warm in running water and pop it into the Nurser system bottles -LRB- which are latch on friendly -RRB- and voila . We are moving . The liners are tough and there are 4 AND 8 oz liners . Sure you need a few boxes if you are a working mother and double pump , but hey that is the sacrifice for feeding your baby the best you can .
 It makes life just a little bit easier now that this has come out on the market ! No more having to transfer breastmilk from bottle to bottle . Just pump your breastmilk into the liners , seal it , store it , and when baby is ready to eat , just warm the bag , place it in a playtex nurser and feed!I was previously pumping my breastmilk into an evenflo storage bottle , storing it into the fridge , then heating up the bottle and transfering it to another bottle . It was so much hassle and so much work ! I had all these different parts to wash and sterilize . Now , all I have to do is pump directly into a storage bag -LRB- the adapter ring fits perfectly on my Evenflo breastpump ! -RRB- , seal it , store it and when it is time for my baby to eat , I just warm up the milk and place it in a playtex nurser bottle ! So easy!I have to admit , that at first , milk was leaking out of the sealing disks when I turned it upside down to store it , but I have since gotten the hang of it and no more leaking ! I ca n't say that I love this product yet until I see the results of how the bottle works for my baby , but for this storage kit itself , it makes pumping and storing a breeze ! AND no more sterilizing bottles ... just nipples !
 I was led the Playtex system because the NaturaLatch nipple on the Playtex Premium nurser is suppose to be good for breastfed babies -LRB- and it seems to be ! -RRB- . However transferring milk from my Medela pump bottles to the Playtex nurser was a pain . Now having used the storage system , I have to concur with the other reviews . It 's awesome if you 're trying to get ahead a day with fresh milk and perhaps have a few servings in the freezer . I 'm spending money on the drop-in liners but I was going to spend that anyway.Others have complained about having to buy two sets in order to get a second adapter . So , I want to point out that the Playtex Premium Nurser Newborn Gift Set includes 1 adapter and 2 each of sealing disks and nipple rings . -LRB- Amazon 's `` Product Features '' section is incomplete so read the `` Product Description '' section . -RRB-
 I bought this because I have the Playtex Premium Nurser Bottle set but needed the pump adapter -LRB- for my Madela pump -RRB- and the sealing disks -LRB- which are n't sold with that set -RRB- . I only pump occassionally so this works well . I use this set to pump and store if I know I will need to just refrigerate the milk for a day or two . If I store milk for longer in the freezer I use bags.My only complaint about this is that it is not possible to put the sealing disk and the nipple in the bottle at the same time -LRB- like Medela bottles -RRB- . This is annoying when I take a bottle with me -LRB- and this is mostly why I use it -RRB- . It is not a big deal , I bring the nipple along in a zip lock bag , but it is something that seems like it could be easily fixed.Overall though this has been very helpful for the occassional pumping that I do in order to leave baby with grandparents , bring a bottle to a public place where I wo n't feel comfortable nursing -LRB- which is n't often -RRB- , or just have the flexibility of letting my husband do a feeding every now and then .
 Great product . i wish you coudl buy the seals seperately , and buy this in a bigger package b/c now im going to buy another set . but great product !
 The Playtex nurser and the storage kit are the first thing I tried on my baby when I decided to introduce the bottle to my daugther . It looked so convenient because the drop-in liner is preformed and you do n't have to deal with twisting and folding those regular storage bags . It also worked great with my Medela pump . I bought two sets so I would have extra storage and one extra converter in case I want to pump both breasts at the same time . By the way , I tried Avent and Gerber bottles but my daughter likes the Playtex nurser the best and she is not confused about switching from bottle to breast .
 Singleton mama 's pump half the milk as twin mama 's . The playtex adaptors resolve some serious logistics issues and make life easier . When a twin mama pumps for 10 - 15 minutes , out comes 12 - 16 ounces , so you would fill 4 of those little 4 ounce bottles ! Not only do you ahve to stop pumping and switch half way through , but you have to store and combine twice the bottles ! Ugh ! I got tired of it all and went searching for a solution.I wanted a way to pump into a container that would hold everything that came out of each breast . I needed to pump into something that would hold 8 ounces . And I discovered these and loved them !
 Even though it is not advertised , I have found through some experimentaion that this adapter also works well with the natural shape reusable bottles . This gives the system a whole nother level of convenience .
 when I decided to nurse my baby I knew that I was going to need to fine some thing to store my breast milk . I saw the avent storage kits but those only work for avent breast pumps and I saw the gerber zip lock bags but those just looked like a pain and then I saw the playtex and I knew thats what I wanted because I love playtex bottles I knew this had to be a great product and it is . I can just pump right in to the liners and put a ring on it and put it in the freezer and be done with it . I like the fact that its not alot of hassel because pumping takes enough time as it is let alone haveing to wash a bottle to store it . I also think that it warms up quicker under hot water then it would in a bottle . The only problem that I have come across is that the rings have been craking in the freezer other than that its perfect also it fits perfectly with my medela breast pump .
 I love these things and could n't do it without them ! It 's great to pump , freeze and feed from the same Drop-In liner ! No transfering the milk!To save money , just buy two kits so you 'll have two pump adapters . When you get home at night , carefully slide the rings off the Drop-In and place the collected milk into a Playtex bottle . Screw on the nipple and cap and it 's ready for the sitter the next day and you can wash and reuse the collection kits!I just discovered that Playtex will send you an adapter which allows you to pump using your AVENT PUMP directly into a Playtex Bottle or One-Step Kit ! I own a Playtex Embrace Pump , but I also have an Avent Isis manual pump . I noticed on the box of the One-Step Kits that you can get a free adapter if you call them , so I did and they mailed me one ! I just wanted to let others out there who use the Playtex bottles , like I do , but also like the Avent pumps , know that they have this option !
