 Both of my kids have the color pixter and I was so excited when I saw the digital camera that I bought one for both of them but they do not work at all . I 've tried different lighting but all I get is a dark grey screen with some distorted shapes . You ca n't even make out what you are looking at . I 've tried all the settings and it still does n't work . Do n't waste your money , all of our other cartridges have been great , this one stinks .
 Incredibly disappointing . This has to be the worst product that I have bought in 20 years . The difference between the pictures on the box and the pictures you can actually take is like night and day . It 's not worth even 5 cents because all that will happen is that your child will be very disappointed . If there are any trial lawyers reading this , it is time for a class action . An incredible case of false advertising . Fisher Price owes us all an apology .
 This digital camera was the only reason I bought the color pixter for my son for christmas cause he LOVES to take pictures with my digital camera ... he was almost in tears when he realized this camera doesnt work like it shows on tv ... to anybody who is interested in this DONT buy it ... I totally agree with the other reviews . . I wish I knew this before I bought this ... DONT BUT THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!
 This camera wasted your time and money . The pictures are fuzzy and dark . There is no way you can be creative with the picture . I should of bought a Pixter software cartridge instead . I ca n't wait to return it .
 I empathize with all the negative reviewers of the Pixter camera even though my experience is n't quite THAT bad , although I WILL say that it is n't `` all that '' either . There is a way to adjust for lighting . It 's not perfection by any means , but it helps a little . I can clearly see the images in the screen HOWEVER I will say that it is nowhere near what is portrayed on the box and in tv ads.I did n't expect an Olympus quality camera for $ 20 , so I guess that 's not why I 'm so freaked out by the quality . You get what you pay for.I also find it difficult to keep an image in the screen and then have to touch the screen with the stylus to take a picture ... awkward at best.Would I purchase this again ? For $ 20 because it 's what my daughter wanted , probably . Would I recommend to others ? Eh , not really .
 This product should be taken off the market . It is awful . Do n't waste your money . I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased it . Why is n't there an option for zero stars on the reviews ? That 's what this deserves - a big , fat zero .
 Do not waste your money this thing is junk . THe only think this product did was upset my daughter !!!!!!
 We also bought this for our daughters Pixter because they love to take picture with our camera . The pictures were very fuzzy and dark even in a well lit room . Luckily my girls were so pre-occupied with all of their other toys I was able to place it back in its box for return . I am amazed that Pixter/Fischer Price actually sold such a poor product .
 My son has had his color pixter for over a year now . Up until this point I have been pleased with all of the cartridges we have purchased . Naturally I assumed the digital camera would fall into the same category . I do n't know who was more disappointed on Christmas morning . The quality is horrible . There is no way to take a `` clear '' picture . It is difficult for my 5 year old to get the target lined up and then remove one hand to push the screen without losing the target . The special effects would be great if you could see the picture . I think this product should be recalled . I will be making a return .
 In the picture it 's plump , juicy and three inches thick . In your kid 's hands its a sorry miserable squashed thing . The whole purpose of getting the Pixter was to enjoy the camera functionality , yet all it delivered was grainy dark images that are 1000 times worse than any throw away camera you might use.I can not stress enough that you might as well throw your money away rather than buy this pathetic excuse for a kid 's toy .
 I could n't believe how dark and distorted the images were on the screen . It was like taking a picture inside of a closet ! Changing the contrast was a joke and , even if it worked , your average 4-6 yr . old would n't be able to figure it out . This product went back to the store two days after Christmas .
 I spent at least an hour with this piece of junk , changing batteries in the pixter color thinking that my son 's year-old device was defective . In actuality it was this piece of junk they call a digital camera cartridge . As soon as I can dig myself out of the snow this cartridge is going back to target and I am getting a full refund . It 's unbelievable that they are even allowed to sell this toy . The only recognizable image we were able to get was outside in the snow and broad daylight but it was STILL fuzzy !! The pictures we took inside were horrible - I 've seen clearer ultrasound images !! Please do n't waste your money . As for me - I 'm writing a letter of complaint to the company . Unbelieveable !!!
 This is the worst purchase I have ever made !! This camera takes horrible pictures . Out of the 25 to 30 pictures that my daughter has taken I have only been able to recognize 3 objects because the clarity of the photos are so bad -LRB- pictures on packaging are not reflective of actual pictures -RRB- . I thought by adjusting the contrast that the pictures would come out more clear but ; 1 . -RRB- it did not help and 2 . -RRB- I a 36 year old man with plenty of experience working on electronic equipment was unable to work the contrast bar without threatening to slam the toy into the ground ! The color Pixter is an improvement over the old mono-color style but would stay far away from the camera !
 Where can I get the Pixter camera shown in the Pixter demo ? Or the one on the commercials ? The pixter camera I bought certainly is n't the same one . The pictures where almost too dark to distinguish what they were . Finally , after turning on several strong lights we were able to get some grainy out-of - focus pictures . Very difficult for a child to take a decent picture . My daughter was so disappointed . The Pixter camera is what she wanted most for Christmas . DO N'T BUY THIS TOY , IT IS JUNK !
 I wish I would have read these reviews before I bought this piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- You ca n't see anything ! I even tried shining a bright light while taking a pic ture , that helped a lil . Do n't Buy This !!!!!!
 What a disappointment ! When I purchased this , there had been no reviews yet . I have to say that I agree with every single review written to date . The picture is dark , impossible to see , and changing the contrast and calibrating makes absolutely no difference . Do n't waste your money or time purchasing this piece of garbage . If you already have purchased it for Christmas , exchange it now ! -LRB- I tried leaving `` no stars '' , but the rating system would n't accept it ! -RRB- .
 I typically read reviews here before I buy toys , but we have been so happy with our color Pixter and all the games that go with it that it never occurred to me that the digital camera would be any different . I could not have been more wrong . This is a horrible product . Others have already said why , I just wanted to second them all . If you are not convinced about how awful it works and still want to try it , buy one used off ebay - there are sure to be dozens from disappointed users .
 FYI Does n't work with the multi-media pixter . I was told by Fisher Price that the camera was the ONLY item that does n't work on the Multi-media . Bummer ... that 's one reason we got the whole thing .
 If you are thinking about buying this product , I 'm warning you now not to buy this piece of crap . I bought this on February 26 , 2005 -LRB- which was my 13th birthday -RRB- , and it did work better than the reviewers said ... for a month , that is . The other day I wanted to use the Pixter Camera , and it worked for two minutes and then the original Pixter starting screen and theme song went over it !!!!! Plus , some of the pictures are clear , but they 're really dark . I mean , despite the reviews I had read , I did n't expect high quality pictures with that thing , but I also did n't expect to be writing a bad review on the product a month later after it stopped working right , either . Parents , do n't waste your hard-earned cash on this worthless piece of crap . Get them an iZone mini instant camera instead . They 'll be just as happy .
 I purchased the Pixter Digital Camera for my daughter . She loves to play with my digital camera and I thought it would be a great way to keep her happy and my camera safe . But the Pixter camera proved to be a huge disappointment . The picture images are nothing like the ones they show in the TV ads . In fact its nearlyimpossible to see an image . Forget about indoor pictures . You ca n't see anything . Outdoor pictures are not much better . I called the company and they agreed the pictures are not like the ones in the ad . They promised to send a guide to getting better images which I still have not received . This product is a dud and a total waste of money . If I could I would rate this a big zero .
 I own the pixter color and I went and bought the camera.Very bad choice . When taking the pictures , you saw a very blury picture . Really , I think that it 's just a dark blob!You can buy your kid a $ 9.00 throw-a-way camera and for less money , it 'll do better.The pixter was a sucsess , and this was a hurting to the pixter industry.This is very pricey and it does n't even work for my pixter color so I had to return it.Don ' t buy it !
 We love our Pixter and have several games . But , I bought this and returned it before my son ever saw it . I ca n't believe they even approved this for production . If you have a photography studio in your house then this is the perfect purchase for you . There is not enough light provided inside the home for this to work . There is a reason that cameras have flashes . It did n't even work a little bit . I could n't make out any of the images I tried to take . It was all a gray blur . I am sure it would work outside but my kids are n't playing with this kind of a toy when they are outside .
 I bought my 8 yr old son the pixter just for this digital camera and it is awful . I 100 % agree with the other reviews and wish I had read them before I bought the item . I was lucky in that I was able to return it to the store and get my money back . I hope others are so lucky . This item should be recalled . I am glad I read the reviews as I thought perhaps it was just a problem with the one I purchased , I held off on getting another one . Bottom line DO NOT BUY the digital camera for pixter .
 I had to give this toy at least one star , but I wanted to give it no stars . My grandson loves his Pixter , and we have many cartridges . I got him this for Christmas and we are both seriously disappointed . Do n't waste your money . Also , the literature does not tell you that you can not download the pictures you take -- you can save up to ten in the machine but if you want to take more you have to delete some . The picture quality is so bad , sometimes you ca n't even tell what the picture is supposed to be . Do n't buy it .
 We bought this camera for our son for Christmas . He is seven , so he thinks it is cool , but to be honest , you can not even see the pictures that he takes . Just slight images . I agree with the other review . It seems really cool and your kids will beg , but I 'd wait until something else comes out that is better . This was the whole reason why we purchased the Pixter color so he could have the digital camera ... $ 145 . later ...
 I ca n't beleive how horrible this camera is !! The pictures look like a very bad utrasound picture . This was very disappointing !! Fisher-Price usually does so well-they really messed up with this one ! Luckily my daughter was n't to upset she just wants to return it and get a `` good '' toy ! Do n't waist your money on this one !!
 The product preview done by Fisher Price is totally misleading , and in our opinion very dishonest . The product works NOTHING like the preview/commercials . If you can even see an image of the picture you are trying to take on the screen , it is very dark and distorted . A very diappointed little girl -LRB- and parents -RRB- on Christmas morning ! Santa will be taking this one back to the workshop . I agree with the most recent reviewer . Zero stars would be too high of a rating for this toy .
 This toy takes AWFUL pictures ! They are NOTHING like the ads show . They are very dark and objects are completely unrecognizable ! I agree with all the other reviews - DO N'T WASTE YOUR $ , as you will want to return it immediately , as am going to do ASAP ! A complete disappointment , as the commercials make it look so cool !! I also tried to leave zero stars - one is giving it too much credit !!
 When I bought this camera , my son wanted it so bad . It was one of his main gifts for Xmas ... pixter and all . Well , at first I thought it was broken because youca n't see a single image on the screen and from the box you think your images are going to come out perfect !! Well , he is so disappointed he wo n't even touch his pixter , he thinks the camera is broke and wants me to take it back and get him a new one ... no way am I getting this thing again !! I am taking it back and just buying him a real camera . Do n't know if I will keep the pixter or not ... hopefully he will play with it after the camera goes back ! THIS IS A TRUE WASTE OF MONEY AND SO UPSETTING TO A CHILD .
 this was the worst toy ever ! when you take pics in light , the screen is just white ! when you take pics in the dark , the screen is black ! you can not tell what you took a picture of!anyway , i 'm returning this for an arcade pixter game!I hope they come out with a better camera!DO NOT BUY !!!
 I purchased this digital camera for my son who loves to take pictures ... he loves his Pixter Color so I thought it was a great idea ... however , it stinks ! The image shows up very dark and blurry . You can hardly make out what the image is . Do n't waste your money ... this product is definetely not worth it .
 I rushed out yesterday and went to a store 50 miles away to find this product , and what a waste of gas , time , and money . My 5 year old son had asked for this for his birthday , which was today . He has n't tried this out yet ; he went to sleep on the way home from Chuck E. Cheese 's , and will probably sleep all night . I tried this out for him , so that I would know how to help him with it in the morning after he awakes . He is really going to be disappointed . We will try outside photos after daylight , but I 'm probably going to return this and get him a real camera , and maybe a different Color Learning software cartridge for the Pixter , -LRB- which actually IS a great product -RRB- . What a shame that Fisher-Price dropped the ball on this one .
 The `` quality '' of pictures this thing takes is laughable . You ca n't even recognize what the picture is of , let alone do all the fun things with it that Fisher Price claims . I ca n't believe they would even put a product this poor on the market . What a waste of cash . Giving 1 star is generous .
 My daughters , ages 4 and 9 love their Pixters . I saw the advertisement for the digital camera and thought it looked like fun . I ordered two and when they arrived just before Christmas opened them to make sure they worked alright . At first I thought they were broken ... then discovered they dont even work on the multi-media pixter which my oldest daughter has . On the Color Pixter it is so hard to get a visible picture . So now that we are stuck with these our challenge is to see if we can get a picture that looks like something you took a picture of . My intention was to give these to my daughters as Christmas presents and I 'm glad I did n't .
 I am a preschool teacher at a local daycare . I happen to have a habit of buying toys for my `` children '' and let them play with the toys . I bought the color pixter -LRB- which by the way is educational and fun at the same time -RRB- . I spent the $ 30 for the digital camera and was VERY disappointed that you can only create a picture if there is a tonof light . Basically , the sun has to be the background . Overall , this is the only pixter item that I or the children did not have fun with .
 Do n't waste your money ! The difference between the advertisement pictures and the actual output is day and night ! By that , I mean it looks like the advertisement pictures were taken in the day and the actual output looks like it was taken at night ... with the pixter covered with a thick canvas bag.Do not buy this `` product '' it ruined my daughter 's Christmas !!!!! Gary L.
 This digital camera attachement is not worth the $ 30 . After looking at the example photos on the package it seemed like a good camera for a 6 year old to take pics of herself and whatever else she wanted . The first time we used it , it was so dark you could not find the person to take their pic . Once you can actually find the image , when you take the picture it is so pixelated that you really can not tell what you have just taken a pic of . I am not sure how the company got the pictures on the package to turn out so clear but mine did not . I will be writing the company to try and get my money back ! This is a waste of money and I do not recommend it to anyone !
 I have 2 children who love their color pixters . I thought the camera was a great idea . It 's difficult to get a decent image while indoors . We were all pretty disappointed and my children do not use it , even though they do use the pixters and other cartridges . If they improve upon this product it would be good , otherwise , do n't waste your money .
 At first I was very excited to see that Pixter had come out with a digital camera . My husband is a photographer and since we love all the other color pixter titles we decided to buy this for our daughter so she can learn to take pictures for herself . There were none available at Christmas time so we would pick one up after the holidays . I 'm Soooooo glad that we did n't . I tried one that my friend bought for her daughter and the picture quality was terrible . You can bearly see anything and unless you have very steady hand all you have is a blur . Did I already mention it is a terrible product . I 'm so glad that I did n't plunk down my 30 dollars for this piece of junk and neither should you .
 My Children love the pixter and I have been happy with all the cartridges they have so far . I have to say this is the WORST !!! My girls also love to take pictures and were very disappointed that this did n't work . My husband and I also tried to get a half way decent picture . finally gave up , will try in lot of light as others stated . DO N'T WAST MONEY !!! The pixter itself is great this digital camera is garbage !!!
 I agree with everyone else . Both my husband and I tried to get this camera to work . We were barely able to get even the faintest image , that ended up being fuzzy and dark . I too thought the kids would be able to use this as a sort of digital camera . If I only I had read the other reviews first ! Bought it for my daughter and niece for xmas , and returned both . Do n't waste your time . I ca n't believe they are actually being allowed to sell such a defective toy !
 I bought this for my daughter 's 5th birthday along with the digital pixter . I bought the pixter because I thought they had come a long way from the first one when I saw this camera attachment . I was sooo disappointed ! When we opened it and put it on it just did n't work . The screen was just fuzzy . I thought it was broken so I was going to exchange it . Then I saw the reviews here and realized that it is just junk ! I paid $ 30 plus shipping ! I am not happy ! How can they put such a bad product on the market ? I told my daughter that she was going to be able to take pictures of the family and alter them on her pixter . She was very excited . Now how do explain that she ca n't ?
 I love the look of this and so does my newborn daugher . I think that the price is a bit ridiculous because it IS a wind-up that does n't last very long at all . I would really think it worth the asking price if it took batteries so that it could last longer or had a remote to keep turning it back on . Additionally , we have not used it very frequently -LRB- a dozen times or so ? -RRB- and for some reason it has just stopped rotating . We had previously had the Symphony in Motion by Tiny Love . I think that is a much better mobile .
 This mobile looks good but that 's about all . The song did n't play for very long and the mobile does n't turn . It was n't entertaing for my little one at all !
 When this toy arrived , the on/off switch would not stay on . I had to tape it into the `` on '' position . Also , when I hung the mobile up , it did n't go around . Just the music played . I do n't have all the time in the world or money to send it back and try to justify why it should be replaced . But it certainly is worth writing about it 's complete lack of durability . Its usefulness educationally or for fun is kind of eclipsed when it 's too broken to ever be used ! In the same order , I ordered a Fisher Price toy , and it has worked great and lasted fine . I think I 'll stick to the names I know in the future .
 The glove works great . Looking at the image , it is a nice black baseball glove . However the other side of the glove is pink ! Nowhere did I see any indication that the glove was a girl 's softball glove . Looking at the little picture in the center of the glove more closely you might figure out that the softball thrower is a girl , but not from the image on the site -LRB- where it is clearly identified as a `` baseball glove '' . My son was not really amused - although I was able to use a red marker to make the pink look red .
 I am not making this up , this is by far Worst Roulette Product everIt has styrofoam balls that stick to the side of the wheel , the balls dont spin aroundI have owned small roulette wheels before , that only cost S1 they were just as small buy the littleballs were made of lead This product is a Rip Off idf it was only 5 cents because it does not work !!! but I even had to pay $ 5 extra for shippingDont buy it sucks Sucks Sucks Amazon should be ashamed to sell this crapI rate it a ig Zero 0 Nothing Nada Warren111
 I bought this toy for a party with a casino theme . I had hoped to play it with several people , but it is too small . It would be better as a party favor.It should not be used by young children because of the many tiny pieces .
 I thought that the product description had dimension that is 21 `` x ... and therefore it should be large enough . It came in a tiny little box . This is not worth $ 16 . It 's like a $ 2-3 item , like a Hotwheel car . I was very disappointed .
 You people make me sick . Get a real rc car . You could get one that is a hundred times better than that one , some even cost less , ready to run . The reason that the car is hard to control at high speeds , spins out , and loses control sometimes is because the people that made the body forgot to cut out the bottom section in the back , therefore building up a large mass of air under the body , making the rear end of the car `` feel very light '' . If you are considering buying this car , slap yourself in the face , and get an rc car from a hobby shop .
 this car is good for young kids like under 10 but if you are a teen or adult for a little more cash you can go so much faster.this car is nice but its not really upgradable.if you put in a better motor it will fry the electronics.if you want a real r/c car like a pro one , get a traxxas 4-tec , they sell for about $ 189 and they go 25mph out of the box and you can upgrade them.you can find them at a local hobby shop or online . nikko is good for kids but its not so good for teens .
 hi.If you want this car and you are 10 years old and younger and you 're begging your parents for this toy , DO N'T please.get a different toy beacause when I got it out of the box I was excited , probable you are too.I carged it.I started driving it and , it drove great but after a while the battery only lasts 5-10 minutes.So DO N'T get it please.Get a another toy PLEASE.DATE-6-22-03 .
 my cousin bought this rc for hia brother but he hated it because it only lasted for a couple of min
 This car can ... . We had it out for less than 5 minutes before it crashed and the steering broke . I think you could definetly get a better car at a local hobby shop for about the same price . This car is definetly not worth the ... i paid for it . It lasted about 5 minutes while i was playing with it so it isnt very durable and turns to sharp causing it to lose control and crash -LRB- like what happened to me -RRB- Over all this car ... it is n't worth a penny
 When this arrived at our house , we were shocked and horrified . It is rock hard and looks like a taxidermied family pet . This is no `` plush '' cuddly toy , Sheesh - this is going to be a nightmare to return ...
 It ripped the first time we used it!We have twins and they immediately were drawn to the butterflies and ladybugs that were attached by velcro.As soon as they got them off they started to pick at the WHITE velcro on the pool itself and within minutes the pool had a huge hold in it!We attempted to use the patch kit that came with it but to no avail.We then tried to use superglue and it would n't even stick ... it 's in the garbage now after 20 minutes of use
 It was n't clear from the online product description that you have to buy another item to use with this book . I bought the book thinking that it should be a complete product at the price . However , my grandson ca n't use the product because you have to buy a little computer to use along with the book .
 Although this train is easy to assemble , the engine does n't stay on the track , let alone pull the rest of the cars . I bought this for my grandson and all it has done is frustrate him .
 My boy was sooooo excited to see this train - he is still playing with it without the power because it never worked . If you do not mind paying -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for an electric train set that has no power , then go ahead and get a really cool looking train set .
 While this product may be fun I was disappointed at the quality of this product in relation to the price . The product I received is not what was listed in the picture . I received the Daisy style swing , which I was intentionally avoiding , not the concentric circles in the picture . I also had to use my own rope because the rope included was much too short -LRB- I 'm guessing 10 feet -RRB- . I do n't imagine it will hold up for very long . I was surprised that a disc swing was so hard to find . My advice to other parents/grandparents etc. find someone who is handy and make your own .
 I purchased the entire Ocean Wonders for dolls collection today . This is the defective one . The string that makes the seat vibrate and play music is half broke after 3 of my gentle pulls . The music will not play at all . After contacting the maker I was told that it will be a month before they can send me a new sound box . I had to sew the cover on to keep it from coming off . The other Ocean Wonders products are very nice , but I recommend buying the Chou Chou comfort seat instead of this . It is made 100 % better .
 My 6 year old bought this seat with her own money . She was very excited when she saw how real it looked -LRB- on the box anyway -RRB- . It is defintely the biggest piece of junk we have ever purchased !! The seat cover never stays on . Her doll which is 15 in long barely fits -LRB- cleary states on the box it is for this size doll -RRB- . This could of been made so much nicer . It was a very cute idea but awful quality . Fisher Price should be ashamed to have their name on the product .
 The cover of the carseat falls off alot and my daughter get fustrated because she can not play with it for a long period of time.She always has to ask me to fix it .
 I bought this for my daughter a couple of weeks ago and it was so flimbsy ! The cover never stayed on and the clear plastic hood never would stay open . Save your money and the hastle !
 This seat is a piece of junk . We were so dissappointed on Christmas morning when we tried to assemble it . The cover was sewn incorrectly , so it would n't fit the seat without tearing at the seams . The handle only attaches to one side , and it is very flimsy once the doll is inside . The seat is very tiny . My daughters small doll would barely fit in it . We are going to return this and buy something else .
 Warning
 What I received was a very small seal that is not even close to what I ordered . Wrong toy ! Do NOT order !! My daughter is very sad .
 I bought this toy for my 6-year old son as I had a Capsula set when I was his age . When we opened it up one of the capsule 's was broken , not a big deal but then they did n't mate up tightly , the switch did n't always make good contact and the list goes on . I can honestly say that I would not buy another one of these to expand the set .
 The kid opened it , pulled everything out , was completely unimpressed , and never did play with it . This was a 9-year old boy who likes putting stuff together and likes science-kinda stuff , so he is the target audience for this toy.If I had to guess , I would guess that the poor packaging put him off . It 's very bland and boring and does n't look like it would be fun at all , judging by the box . If it were colorful and had action and people pictures , and a fun set of directions , my guess would be that he would have been far more interested . As it was , though , nothing.To be fair , my coworker recommended this as a gift item -- he used to have one as a kid and loved playing with it . Different strokes , go figure .
 The picture of the CW 80 is of an old Lionel transformer . I guess the seller does not care . I own a CW 80 , and it works . However , if you should short out the unit for a few seconds the fuse will blow . Then you have to have a special tool to take it apart or send it out for repair . The fuse is not expensive , but it is hard to get to.I would recommend a MTH Z 1000 , as it has a capacity of 100 watts and a circuit breaker . Should there be a short circuit you only have to wait a few seconds for the circuit breaker to cool off and press it to reset the unit . It 's throttle is very smooth , and it activates the bell and whistle on all my locomotives . The MTH Z 1000 runs about $ 80 - 90 , and being an electronics engineer I can say that is a great unit !
 My family loves the Polar Express train set , however we are on our third `` Transformer '' . Sent back for repairs and the only thing Lionel can do is just keep replacing them . Not very fun when it dies right before Christmas , the kids were really let down , two years in a row .
 Came as part of the `` Polar Express '' set . Good on power delivery , accessories -LRB- such as the locomotive 's whistle -RRB- work on demand , but this Power Pack/transformer failed after less than 9 years of very intermittent use -LRB- basically , the train set came out at X-mas for its obligatory circle around the tree -RRB- . Took to my local model train repair store who told me that 's ittow throw-away item outside of warranty , NOT REPAIRABLE . If there is anything that should be nearly bulletproof , its a transformer -LRB- see below -RRB- . Terribly disappointing design and workmanship -LRB- China , where else ? -RRB- ; will buy something else -LRB- probably other manufacturer -RRB- as a replacement . Storage of set was in garage , but not only in its packaging box , but also the cardboard shipping box surrounding it , so well protected from the environment.As opposed to this , I have a 40 + year old Lionel basic transformer that has seen worse storage over its lifespan and has never blipped ! I 'd stick with it if there were n't some compatibility issues with today 's engine management electronics ...
 I bought this for my son 's birthday and he and his younger brother like it a lot . However in less than 24 hours one of the arrows got a split in it after very careful use . The arrow is not able to be used now so we only have two . I called Hasbro and was told that they do NOT make replacement arrows for this toy because it is a Toys R Us exclusive.The toy is great but it is fairly useless if you really ca n't get replacement arrows ... so I give it 1 start overall . They could n't tell me if any of their other arrows worked with it either . Unless you can find a source for replacement arrows -LRB- it only comes with 3 -RRB- I 'd suggest that you spend money on something else and beware of ToysRUs exclusive toys !
 My son and daughter have loved this toy but after 6 months I came back to get replacement arrows and found out they do have them - What ??? What good is a toy that you can not use because you can not get more arrows ? I guess that fact that I am so frustrated is that my kids really love the toy !
 you should buy something better than this . The old nerf crossbow , now that was fun this thing barely makes it across the room .
 Purchased in order to try as an addition to the suction tip dart shooting crossbows I like for skirmish games . Rather annoying to assemble unless one skips the purely decorative string . Primary deficiency is weak shooting . Even if one could manage to accurately target an opponent beyond four feet , anyone with a pulse can dodge or block the arrow . The `` other '' brand 's replacement arrows were somewhat more effective once they were made to fit the Nerf weapon correctly . Good for playing catch with foam arrows at close range but no match for the crossbows in `` combat . ''
 First the bow does n't actually do much of anything , it shots whether the strings are there or not , they are just for show . But when you put the strings on withing the first few shots the `` cam '' / pulleys on the inside of the bow pop out of the plastic fingers that hold them because there is nothing from stopping the plastic from flexing . I tied the strings on backwards , slipping them over the outside of the pulleys taking them down between the forks of the limbs , then over top of the inside pulleys pushing them back in toward the limbs and fed the string through the holes in the limb from the inside of the bow and tying the knots on the outside . This keeps everything in place and it works but it does n't have the flex like it would if the pulleys did n't pull out strong the way they instruct you to do it . You could also do it there way if you modified the pulleys by drilling holes through the center of them and where the pins are on the finger pieces that hold them and putting nuts and bolts to hold them on.Why spend good money on a toy you have to re-manufacture for it to work ? If it was n't for a fact ths was a bday gift for my son and he likes it so much I would have sent it back ... Very poor design ...
 We have owned this bow for over a year . It was great fun until the three darts broke . NOw it will just take up space in a landfill somewhere . You can not get replacement arrows . I 've followed all of the instructions of the other raters and the arrows can not be found . Why would a company make a product that needs arrows that they wo n't sell ? Obviously children will lose and break the arrows so they have a guaranteed market to sell them . It really does not make any sense to me . Do n't buy this product because there will just be tears in a few weeks when the arrows are broken or get stuck on the roof , etc. .
 When we got this together -LRB- gift for a 10 year old -RRB- , it was ok , but not at all what was expected . Perhaps I did n't read the description carefully enough , but it is not a crossbow , but a dart gun . The bow is purely decorative . It works well enough and seems sturdy . It took three of us to decipher the assembly instructions , and I usually have no trouble assembling toys . Also the resident 7 year old girl seems to like it better than the 10 year old boy does .
 WATCH OUT ! THIS IS A DOLL OUTFIT NOT A CHILD 'S DRESS UP !
 This is made for the Madeline doll series . Not what I was expecting when I ordered it . I guess it is ok as far as doll clothes go . But I dont own a Madeline Doll .
 Order this with extreme caution ! I ordered it and the princess outfit for my daughter after searching under `` Dress-up '' . I was so excited to find a reasonably priced dress-up outfit for my little girl . The package came today and was I disappointed ! This is for the Madeline doll ... not little girls ! Nowhere does it say that . Now I am short presents for my daughter and Christmas is 4 days away . There is no time to get my money back before Christmas !
 I have had a horrible experience with this toy . The email that I sent to the company , which follows , explains it well . Because it is a long email I will sum it up -LRB- for those who do n't have the time to read such a lengthy review -RRB- by saying that the quality of this product is amongst the lowest I have ever encountered with any consumer product . Many pieces do not fit well together , other are too tight , one piece does not work , and another piece was intentionally made to not operate correctly . I had enjoyed Capsela as a child , which was a wonderful and high quality toy back then , but now I have been utterly disheartened by the garbage that is now manufactured as Capsela.Dear Educational Insights : There are moments in my childhood that will remain forever blissful . The reminiscence of playing with Capsela ranks as one of my all time favorites . I played with and enjoyed Capsela for many years as a child starting with the 500 set . Later on , I got the 5000 set , and then I finally got the 1000 set.I do not know what happened to my 500 or 5000 sets , but I still had the 1000 set when I got older . About five years ago , I accidentally left it behind when I moved . I have a daughter who is now eight-years-old , and I decided to purchase the 1000 set so that she and I can enjoy a wonderful way for her to learn about science
 This is a well-thought out product that is very poorly made . I purchased it with high hopes . But the quality of the product is so low as to make it unusable . The more lengthy one-star review summarizes the problems very well . I have returned this , and have a very disappointed 8-year old boy , who asks `` why do people sell things that do n't work ? ''
 I used to have this as a kid . And I loved it . The quality of the product was MUCH MUCH better at that time . I still have most of the pieces of my old one back at my parents house . Now it is complete garbage . I 'm so mad.One of the most important gears came broken . The internal struts and bearings are loose and the gears disengage under even the slightest load rendering it useless.The hexagonal connectors are so tight that you ca n't disconnect them without almost damaging the capsules.The blue wheel axle threads are poorly made - one came stripped - hard to make anything cool when you 're one wheel short.One of the wire jacks fits so loosely in socket that any slight motion and it becomes intermittent.This is just a classic example of a great toy gone bad as the pig manufacturer cut every corner possible to make as much money as possible . I really hate those swine businessmen who make garbage and sell it . I 'm packing it back up and returning it .
 It 's the worst toy I ever purchased . The top half of the sun is supposed to click on , but it does n't stay and falls off all the time . It 's also supposed to project the planitarium on the ceiling , but the image is out of focus until you literally move the whole thing one inch away from the ceiling . Besides , planets move at the same speed , which is really ill designed for the expensive price . My 7-year-old child is very interested in solar system . She was very excited to bring the toy home . But she was very disappointed to see what a crap it turned out to be . Now the toy just sat at a corner . Big waste of money .
 It looks great in the picture , but do n't be fooled . My husband and I are both physics professors and we bought this for our daughter 's ninth birthday . When we unpacked it and discovered that all the planets take exactly the same time to complete an orbit , we were appalled . That a company which calls itself `` Educational Insights '' would sell a product which promotes completely wrong thinking is misguided and unforgivable . The only thing a child can learn from this is the order of the planets , and for that a stationary model would be much better .
 My complete disappointment in this product actually inspired me to write my first amazon review . The top half of the sun falls off if a cricket chirps too loudly and the `` planetarium '' part is nothing but a bunch of big blurry dots with illegible writing unless you hold it sideways 2 inches from the wall . Your child will get nothing from this product that they could n't get from a cheap plastic mobile . Save your money .
 My son liked this toy for a week or two , but now he is bored with it . It was good to show him a 3D model of the solar system , but I agree that it 's wrong to have the planets all travelling at the same rate of speed . Since he wanted the toy to `` do '' something , he promptly took it apart . We are now missing Uranus ! It does make a good decoration for his room , though , even though we are missing a planet . Also , the planetarium feature that is supposed to show the constellations on the ceiling was not too effective .
 This `` model '' violates virtually every rule of modeling . The planets are equi-distant , painted the wrong color -LRB- I thought Neptune was Earth -RRB- , and out of scale with each other and the sun . More appalling is that they all rotate at the same speed . A complete waste of money.Why did I buy it when there were so many similar reviews?Because I did n't buy it here and so I did n't read the reviews . Doh !
 I 'm NOT a physics professor , but I guess my expectations were much higher than some of the other reviewers . -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- is too much money for this toy . If your purpose is to demonstrate to your child the workings of our Solar System , then a reasonably true movement of the planets around our Sun IS important . You wo n't get that with this toy . If all you 're after is to provide your child with a fun model that demonstrates the order of the planets this model does that . I also was n't impressed with the overhead constellation map .
 I was just looking at this in hopes of getting a realistic view of current planet alignments ... I realize they ca n't be perfect , but the whole idea I had was to see when things like planetary alignments occured , or what planets are relaively -LRB- relatively being the key work -RRB- close to earth ... I essentially wanted to be able to power it up , set the current alignment , then let it sit running indeffinately ... This does not do what I 'm looking for ...
 Very disappointed in this product . It 's too big for a whistle and when you blow into it you can hardly hear it . Bought it for my grandson and he hates it .
 I bought two of the whistles , one for each of my children , thinking they would love them . They are terrible ! Only an adult has the strength to blow into them hard enough to make the train whistle sound . What a waste of money .
 The kids could n't get a sound out of it and even I had difficult time making it work . Perhaps I need to take some lessons .
 What a rip off ! This is basically a boardgame copy of , this game
 It looked so cute and like so much fun I had to get it for my daughter 's birthday . Her last stroller is falling apart from all the miles she has put on it in the last year.This is a true piece of junk . Most all the parts `` snap '' together . That would be nice if they stayed together . The front baby seat has 4 plastic `` snap '' clips that should snap into the frame . The frame was n't exactly square therefore once you got the fourth one in another one would pop back out . I messed with it for over an hour before I gave up . I never did get the ocean tray to snap in . The snaps are made too small for the frame no matter where I tried to put it , and yes I did read the instruction a hundred times , it 's just a piece of junk and does n't snap like it should . I also noticed that some of the plastic snap pieces were showing signs of breaking , they are blue and the center turned white from being stretched too much because they do n't snap in like they should . I can guarantee after a child removes these pieces a few times they will break.I let me daughter try it for a few minutes while I decided whether to return it and try another one or to start my stroller search over . In the ten minutes she played it the entire stroller was disassembled . She would try to move the sun canopy and it would come off . She tried to recline the seat and it came off . No matter what she touched it feel off . Very frustrating for a 2 year old.Don ' t waste an hour assembling this just to realize like I did that it 's junk . I am not an idiot either , I am an engineering major so this should be very elementry.They had a great idea here , but it was poorly engineered .
 I recently purchased both the Fisher-Price Ocean Wonders Stroller and the Ocean Wonders High Chair to have at my house for when my almost two year-old granddaughter comes to visit . I had searched the internet and viewed several similar items . Idecided on these because of their attractive/realistic appearance . They arrived yesterday evening -LRB- a Friday -RRB- , and I decided to put them together this morning after my husband left for work . I had assumed that it would be a simple job . Wrong !!!! I first opened the box containing the stroller and removed all of the pieces -LRB- There were quite a few of them ! -RRB- . I then discovered that there were no directions . I put all of the pieces back in the box with the hope that my husband will be able to look at the picture and figure it out when he gets home . Because it is Saturday , I am not able to contact Fisher-Price for assistance , and there were SO MANY pieces that I just did n't want to deal with them . I then took the high chair out of the box , and was happy to dicover that it DID contain directions . Assembling it went really well until I got to theremovable tray . After MUCH effort , I was finally able to get it snaped in place . Since it is supposedly able to be removedin order to convert the high chair into a rocking bassinet or a rocker , I could n't help wondering WHO was supposed to be able toremove it and then put it back on . Certainly not my littlegranddaughter ! I picked the high chair up to take it to thebedroom , and one of the main hinges disconnected . I snapped it back on , but now the high chair is twisted and I ca n't get the hinge back off in order to straighten it . It was at that point that I decided that I had had enough of Fisher-Price Ocean Wonders for one morning , and decided to write this review . Another negative feature of these items is that they do n't foldfor storage , which is an inconvenience for grandparents who do n't have the child in their home every day ! I do n't expect to be able to return these items , since they are no longer in the `` unopened or original condition , '' and because it is Saturday , I ca n't contact Fisher-Price to request instructions for the stroller . My granddaughter will be here Wednesday , and I was hoping to be able to have these things for her to play with ! I DEEPLY REGRET not reading other customers reviews before purchasing these items ! I expected better quality from Fisher-Price !
 We purchased this stroller for my three year old daughter for Christmas , it looked so cute and I had read a few good reviews about it however looks can be very deceiving . It was not very easy to put together and when you do finally get it put together the canopy just breaks off anyways along with the tray just alltogether I was not satisfied with it at all so we are just going to end up throwing it out and purchasing hopefully a better one ! My suggestion would be not to buy it especially if your child wants to play with it everyday like mine .
 this is the worst stroller i ever bought for my daughters . it was hard to get together and when i try toput the canopy on it broke . the battery copartment wouldnt open i was very disappointed in it for what it cost .
 I just want to say that all of these ocean wonders doll accessories are junk . . I got them for my girls -LRB- who are 3 1/2 and 1 -RRB- for Christmas . . we bought everything there was and it was 150 dollars . . I bought these for them since we had all the ocean wonders stuff for my one year old when she was a baby and as soon as I saw it . . I knew I had to have it . . Boy was I wrong . . nothing stays together . . kids being kids . . my one year old sat in the stroller and it bent it . . the swing will not stay together . . the highchair broke after only having it for 10 min . . I mean need I say more . . I am really upset about having to return this stuff because I was so excited about it . . but I can not keep it because it is not worth what was paid for it !!! PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS . . You will regret it
 I bought this Fisher Price stroller and the matching doll high chair for my granddaughter . The canopy top of the stroller was difficult to snap on and the plastic part broke in the attempt . The tray in front is too heavy to stay attached when touched even slightly ; the same is true for the tray on the high chair which is also very hard for children to turn on for music -LRB- if it does n't fall off first -RRB- . Overall they were disappointing .
 I bought this stroller for our three year old daughter yesterday and will be taking it back tomorrow morning . It took my husband and I to snap the pieces together and a lot or re-snapping to get them to stay in place . Once we got it together , our daughter could not switch it to any other position ... nor could I . The pieces kept snapping out and the plastic pieces that hold the frame together are already showing signs of stress . While pushing the stroller through the house , the front tray simply fell off . We were quite upset with the wheels also . The wheels are simply hard plastic and do not turn well . I was disappointed that I had to take this toy away from our daughter , she was so excited to get it . Spend a bit more and buy the graco car seat stroller combo , much higher quality .
 I have to agree with the other folks to complained about the durability of this stroller . The snap-on attachments snap off WAY too easily . I would have rather spent an extra 10 minutes putting it together with a few screws than having to re-attach the canopy and the little Ocean Wonders thing all the time . My 2-year old daughter loves it though ! Also , the `` mommy '' tray at the top of the handle is totally for show . It would have been nice if the cup holder would have been big enough and deep enough to actually HOLD a sippy cup , but oh well.She 's perfectly happy with it -- it 's Mommy and Daddy who are a bit disappointed in this Fisher-Price toy .
 Having 3 granddaughters , I purchased several pieces of the `` Ocean Wonders '' doll accessories . I am very disappointed in the quality of the product . Assembly was easy , however the pieces keep falling off , coming unsnapped , and overall poor quality . Given the price of each of the items and the Fisher Price brand I expected more of a durable product .
 this stroller poorly made . It fells apart in the first 5 minutes of play
 We bought this for my 2 year old daughter . It was difficult to assemble . The fish tray and canopy cover keep popping off the stroller . We were better off buying a less expensive one that does n't have all of the fancy bells and whistles ! We are returning it for sure !
 let me start by saying that the graco strollers are wonderful and durrable for the same price , but i thought this one was cute because it was ocean wonders ... i cannt believe i paid 30.00 for this thing ... we knew it was n't going to last the minute we put it together , if it hadnt been midnight on x-mas day i would have definitely returned this ... it keeps popping appart . . you cant even change the position of the hood without it comming off ... i an extremely disapointed . . i went to the store to buy the graco version , and saw this one and thought it would be so cute . . wrong i should have stuck with the graco !!!!!
 My mother bought this as a christmas present for my daughter . The print is so cute and it looks adorable ! However assembly is not easy . My mom tried to put the first stroller together but mis-read the directions , so I took it back and got another . I just got done putting it together and I had the worst time putting the bady doll seat onto the frame . It does n't `` snap '' into place like the directions claim . Hopefully with more time they improve this product .
 I bought this stroller because of the little fish bowl that attatches . When my husband put it together the whole frame was bent . There was no way to straighten it out . It looked horrible . The sun shade could n't be attatched because of how bent the carriage was . The fish bowl played this horrible music that was not appealing . If you tried to adjust the stroller a little bit the seat would pop off . I bought my daughter the graco one too and had no problems with it . I was really disappointed because this stroller was real cute and I liked the basket that hung on the back.I would n't recommend anyone buying it because I am sure they are all going to be bent somewhere and then you will just have to pack it all up again .
 I like that the truck is wood . It has a nice , substantial feel to it . But a lot of shortcuts were taken , and therefore for the price I 'm not that happy with it . For example , the ladder is really just set on top -- there is a small wooden plug that tries to hold it in place , but if you carry the truck across the room , the ladder just falls to the floor . A little bit of hardware would have secured it to the truck , but they did n't bother . Also , the 4 `` helping hero '' figures are sold separately , bringing the cost of truck + firefighters to $ 45 . I do n't think I got a lot of value for the money .
 The only thing good about this is the rain gage . If you leave it outside like you 're supposed to , the wind blows it across the yard . The plastic is not durable and parts fall off easily . We have it on our deck outside our door and are always looking for it when the storm is done . Definitely not worth the $ 20 .
 I was so excited to purchase this only to be totally disappointed with the quality . The pieces would not stay together . The unit toppled over when we tried to set it outside to gather rain . Definitely bumbed us out !
 Quality of the product is really really bad . Not sure how people are using it repeatedly . Attachments keep falling off and if there is high wind , it just topples over or changes directions.Maybe it is only good to understand what each attachment is used for or how that measurement instrument might look in `` real '' life.Otherwise a total waste of money !!
 It was cheap and broke almost immediately . My son wanted it , so I bought it for him last Christmas . He was very disappointed . Not worth the money .
 When I was using this at the begining I thought it was pretty good.When I looked inside the box there were no instructions!I do n't think you should waste your ' e money on this piece of junk .
 We gave this as a present to a child who is very into weather . It came in a ton of small peices and was so much smaller than we expected . It just was n't worth it .
 It really did do pretty well but the instructions were hidden.Ijust could n't believe why they did it!but if your looking at this toy DO N'T GET IT !
 It really did do pretty well but the instructions were hidden.Ijust could n't believe why they did it!but if your looking at this toy DO N'T GET IT !
 This Big Red Wagon was a disappointment on so many levels that it 's hard to list them all , but I 'll try ... 1 -RRB- The steel body is about as sturdy as a tin can . It was dented right out of the box . 300 pound weight capacity ? Please .2 -RRB- The welding on the handle was awful . Not a question of IF the welds would break , but WHEN .3 -RRB- The wood slats are garbage . I would foresee them being destroyed very quickly .4 -RRB- It was missing major axle supports .5 -RRB- The hardware was extremely undersized . Those bolts would never hold.I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 18 month old granddaughter , but I returned it because I knew even a little girl would destroy it.This wagon is a tragedy of cost-cutting taken to the extreme . It 's a classic example of you get what you pay for -- in this case , a piece of junk . Except the wheels , which appeared to be okay.I 'm buying my granddaughter a REAL wagon . It 'll cost twice as much , but it 'll last ten times as long .
 It says that it works with vibration , maybe if you are dancing on a trampoline . The kids are not really that impressed .
 I thought this was an action figure-not a model to put together.It was to advanced for an 8 year old , even his dad had a hard time .
 This one I recommend for experienced model builders . I made the mistake of building this as my first one . Now I broke one of my arms . The only thing I did n't like was the little screws you have to put in the arm . I did it too tight an the elbow joint snapped . The model is very detailed and little decaling is needed . So do n't buy this as your first model . I would recommend the Guntank for starters .
 was not aware that it came in so many pieces and needed to be put together . It 's still not put together because the instructions are difficult to figure out . I wish my son could do this him self but he 's only 6yr and I ALREADY have enough on my plate to do besides trying to figure out a map i do n't understand if it was simple it would n't be a problem .
 We got this for my grand-daughters 7th birthday last night.We are returning today . The music sounds robotic , the dance steps are to fast and to difficult.Her 16 year old sister who has mastered DDR hated it and it was hard for her . But most of all the woman with the big boobs and martini in hand was the last straw .
 Who ever rated this for 5 + I 'm betting does n't have a 5 year old nor has even been around a 5 yr old ! The three adults in the room could n't do this game on the lowest level ! Its way too difficult . A child should be able to enjoy any toy right out of the box ... not this one . Maybe an early teen could enjoy it but even at that its pretty cheesy . I also doubt it would last very long . We bought this for our 5 year old niece ... it 's going back to the store tomorrow .
 Horrible toy . The first thing we noticed was the horrible smell from the plastic mat when we took it out of the box . Setting up was easy however you need to adhere this mat to the floor with sticky pads that are provided . The sticky pads are useless to you the next time you use this mat and they are hard to peel off your floor.It is impossible to dance to this toy because it goes way too fast that even an adult ca n't do it . You can not slow it down . The music is absolutely terrible and sounds like one of those cheap childrens musical toys . The graphics are absolutely horrible and inappropriate for young children.This product should be recalled . I have never had such a terrible toy in the house as this . I ca n't return it because it was sent to us from someone in the USA as we live in Canada so this will be heading out to our next garbage dump run except we will keep the duracell batteries it came with !!
 How many plastic trees gave their lives for this toy ? One is one too many.The sound , visuals and gameplay are worse than 1970 's video games . The speed is so fast -LRB- you can not adjust the speed -RRB- that you end up just hitting steps in random.I thought this would be a good toy because it is the dance game which you can plug directly into the TV ; you do n't have to own an additional game system.Skip this and get something else .
 Our children -LRB- 7 & 5 yr boys -RRB- loved it . -LRB- Mom and Dad also liked it . -RRB- The kids enjoyed the games and dancing so much we had to drag them away at night . The boys got lots of excercise while playing video games.But , we had it only for a week and it stopped working - when you push the on button nothing shows up on the TV - it is n't because the batteries died . Since the boys had so much fun , we are going to try and get a replacement from a store.Note - It has component video connection -LRB- Red / Yellow / White plugs -RRB- so make sure your TV has that type of connection or you will need to buy an adapter for this game.I 'd give this toy five stars if the replacement lasts , but because this one broke after so little use I can not give it a good score .
 My seven year old was so excited to play with it . He followed the directions carefully , and within 30 min . the gun was broken . Very dissapointed with the quality of the merchandise . The rapid fire no longer rapidly fired or fired at all ! Had to return it and deal with his dissapointment .
 It was a mistake buying the Nerf Rapid Fire 20 . The air tank is not big enough to shoot 20 darts . Also , it is hard to pump it . I DID NOT BREAK THE AIR TANK . It kind of works ... I should 've just stick to my magstrike WHICH IS A LOT BETTER because it is easy to pump and it can shoot all 10 darts without running out of air.http : / / www.amazon.com/Nerf-N%252dStrike-Magstrike-AS%252d10/dp/B001Q4BWPQ/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1289942156&sr;=8-2
 Amazon.com is a great retailer and I 'm a very loyal customer . Unfortunately they have a huge weakness that 's being exploited more and more recently . They sell product themselves and they also allow third parties to sell through their storefront . The product offers that are fullfilled by Amazon.com are generally a good to excellent value . But Amazon apparently does nothing to police the pricing practices of their 3rd party sellers.This is yet another example of a greedy third party pricing a product at an insanely high price hoping someone with a fat wallet will buy it without doing any competitive shopping . If Toys r Us can make money selling it for $ 29 then this seller is ripping you off by asking $ 179 . DO N'T FALL IN THIS TRAP . Buyer Beware!I 've reported this practice to Amazon.com customer service on other occasions but nothing seems to happen . The ripoff offer does not get removed from their site and I 've never received any feedback . The should offer a reward service -LRB- store credit -RRB- for people who turn in these scams . Shame on you Amazon.com for allowing your good name to be associated with sellers like this one .
 I received my Nerf Rapid Fire a few days ago , and no matter how I pump it , the gun just wo n't fire ? Very disappointed ! The tank must have a leak .
 if you are wondering why i put everything 1 star its because mine only lasted 2DAYS !! when on the second day i used it i tried shoot it but it jammed buy a n-strike this SUCKS !!
 after about a week the air chamber inside broke and it could no longer shoot save your money and by another toy for your kid
 I had the Rapid Fire 20 for a total time of 1 day and it jammed and the gun stopped rapid firing and it sucks !!!!!!
 In about a week my son played with it and stoped working . I was so mad that i didnt even try to fix it . DONT GET IT .
 I 'm not sure but i bought this -LRB- WITH MY OWN MONEY !!!!!!! -RRB- at FAO Shwarts . It was so much fun for the first hour . THen something unthinkable happened . BRKAAAA . It broke . I pumped it as fast as i could then shot but nothing happened . Not just that but even if it did n't break i could n't hold it for a long time because it 's like 2 feet long and i was only like 9 so ... . you get the point . But anyway this gun is probably great for all the kids who are around 8-17 . You can buy it , but your risking it because each one costs around $ 34 and the gun might break ... . but thats up to you . Happy Thanksgiving !
 This gun worked for about 5 minutes . First , I had to pump the gun 75 times to get enough pressure to shoot 1/2 the rounds on the rapid fire adjustment . Then the pump broke ! Do n't waste your money .
 We are active Cube Warriors , and i purchased this to gain an edge . This Nerf weapon is not what i was expecting . with the massive amount of pumps require to even unload 1/2 of the darts , it takes too much time when under fire . I think if you could mod this with a CO2 cartrige or hook it directly to an air compressor it would help you gain the superior firepower i had hoped for . I do not reccomend this to my fellow Cube Warriors .
 This toy is n't worth two dollars all the voices sound the same it does n't even stay on my five year old 's face everything about it is as cheap as could be .
 Just picked up a few more M&D ; products for grandson 's 4th b-day today & was disappointed in two of them , this being the first ... 1 . There is no cover so the set must be carefully stowed away . Not good & kicking myself for not noticing before it was given to him .2 . The stamp pad barely produced an image , no matter how firmly the stamp was pressed onto the stamp pad . I assume it 's 95 % died up .3 . The pencils do n't produce color unless pressed very very firmly , so not fun for a 4 yr old .4 . What is this I 'm reading about the ink , when working , is NOT washable ? My daughter-in-law has OCD so she 'll go beserk about this . I had planned to call M&D ; to get a working stamp pad tomorrow , but I can not do that if the reviews are true about this . How can M&D ; go this to parents ? That 's crazySo our boy had to move onto the next M&D ; gift we gave him today when the stamp set did n't produce for him , but he loved the dino stamps , having discovered 2 of his `` favorites '' in the box!There seems to be an ongoing quality control issue at M&D ; , as I had to call them about a number puzzle that had a severely warped number that would n't fit properly in it 's slot , and the puzzle box -LRB- multi-colored -RRB- had bent wires even thought it was 100 % shrink wrapped so nothing go inside the cube to cause this . That happened before it was shrink-wrapped .
 The stamps themselves are great and really durable with wonderful detail . We were really happy to find the names of the types of dinosaurs on the sides of the box . It 's also really nice that the colored pencils are already sharpened and ready for use . A minor complaint is that they did n't include a brown colored pencil though , as that is the one color we felt was most needed for coloring volcanos and dinosaurs . Another minor complaint is that the ink provided is red and blue ... not exactly the earthy tones that you would want your dinosaurs to be . A major complaint , however , is that the ink box boasts that it is washable , but it is definitely NOT ! My son was wearing one of his favorite shirts while stamping and got a lot of ink rubbed onto his shirt while working ... I was n't concerned about it , as the ink box claims it 's washable . However , after three washings , and other treatments , the ink had n't faded one bit , and I finally had to just throw his shirt away . The ink also would n't wash off his hands . It 's a total lie that the ink pad is washable - be warned , throw the ink away , and buy ones that truly are washable , and perhaps also in earthy colors that are more suitable for dinosaurs too ... Then you 'll be able to enjoy these stamps .
 Blank Slides are what was expected however they are relative expensive when considering what they are made from and the difficulty of manufacture , and storage . 25 Prepared glass slides , specimen marked , and contained in a wooded storage box cost only 14.88 .
 I can describe this and the original MG Zeta in one word
 I was a little disappointed when I opened the box to find a VERY SMALL bear inside . My son was given a similar bear when he was born . My husband an I decided it was time to purchase the exact same bear , just in case his falls apart in the wash one day . We were so happy to find the bear at Amazon.com . However , when the bear arrived it was exact bear but only a 1/4 of the size of his bear . The webpage should have been more clear on the dimensions of the bear . ...
 I generally do a lot of research into the product reviews before confirming to purchase them . I chose these for the novelty concept and was very disappointed . They fell apart the time my son used them and seemed to be merely a cheap set of binoculars with a small green light on it . You get what you pay for in this case . Consider spending the extra money if you are looking for quality .
 This toy sucks ! The '' invisible '' light is just a light ! People notice it and it is not fun . trust me
 The night vision did n't even work at all . Mine broke in a week because it was made of very poor quality plastic . Overall I do n't recommend anyone buying this toy
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old grandson ... While I did n't expect it to be state of the art . . I did expect it to live up to its hype . It did not . My grandson complained of not being able to see anything . . hard to focus ... a piece of colored plastic over a cheap pair of glasses would have produced the same `` night vision . ''
 This toy did not come with batteries . I got this for Christmas and my son upon opening it had to put it aside because it did n't have batteries in it.It is n0t a night scope . Without the red light , it is just like looking through a 99cent binocular toy.It would have been cheaper to go to the 99 cent store , get a binocular toy and a flashlight coz thats what it is .
 I bought this for my nephew 's birthday and was really disappointed . The `` lights '' would not work . My nephew told me that I bought him junk . His cousin has one -LRB- purchased somewhere else -RRB- and it works great .
 My granddaughter was excited to receive this for her birthday but unfortunately , it arrived broken and was a great disappointment .
 The first day that it came , the ball did n't stay aired up . The kids used another ball and then the bottom part would not stay aired up . Lesson learned .
 I purchased this item as a Christmas gift . It lasted less than one day before it began to leak air . The net and stand part lasted longer before it began to lose air -- almost three days ! It is really too bad because if the quality were better , this would be a wonderful , fun item .
 I got this for my sons birthday . When I opened it , it was brand new in the package . As I started to blow it up , I noticed that there was a hole in the seam ! I used the inclosed patch to repair it and it would not hold . Its less sticky than 10 year old tape . I had to use fingernail polish , hair dryer and the rest of the patch to seal it . Hopefully this will hold . Its blow up and the kids just got home so we will see if it holds up .
 did not snap together easily like stated . was a bit of a challenge to put together and was very frustrating
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 This is NOT the Helicoptor you will get . This is a picture of Tonka 's BIG helicoptor , and they are passing it off as this one . Beware , things look better than they are .
 My son wanted this thing so much so we decided to get it for him only to discover that the man does n't fit in the cockpit !!?? I 'm tired of toy companies and any manufacturer creating such dumb mistakes ! Whoever designed this or decided to include a man should be fired if they already have n't . Does anyone actually care what kind of product they are putting out anymore ? Luckily my son does n't care too much and usually does n't want the man in there anyway or else this thing would end up right back at the store . WAKE UP TONKA !!!!!
 Received this German Shepard yesterday and if I did n't have to give it as a gift in 2 days , I would return it . So badly made . Patch on top of head does n't have any fur and seam is sooo obvious . Color is more orange than tan . Came with mouth open ... -LRB- not as pictured -RRB- ... with a pink felt tongue hanging out . Not terrible , but why oh why did they have to place the seam across the middle of the tongue . Looks ridiculous . The very pink felt ears make it look like a funny toy . And almost worse than anything else ... it sheds ... the only thing that is like a real dog . Just not what I expected or wanted ... very disappointed . I really believe that `` Melissa and Doug '' could do better than this .
 The picture of this stuffed dog looks great and is why I purchased it . However , when I received the dog , the color was orange -LRB- not at all like a german shepard -RRB- and the ears were flat -LRB- probably due to packaging -RRB- . Also , the nose of the dog was hard like plastic . I was really disappointed and have returned it . It did not look anything at all like the picture .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006IRT78/ref=ox_ya_os_product[...] . Color was more red than tan , legs were stiff , not very poseable . Just not right for what we needed . Would deal with this vender again .
 This toy was great for about 5 minutes and then pushed aside . My son is 6 and it was too heavy for him to have on the glasses . They kept falling off . I would n't recommend it to anyone and I wo n't be buying any of the other spy toys .
 this toy is so bad . The sunglasses and earpiece look really weird.its not at all what i expected i cant even hear someone whisper 5ft away.it says u can hear but it doesnt say u can hear words ... it doesnt really work .
 Well it dosent really work because t dosent enchant your hearing for more then say just a TINY bit . It sort of works . Its fun hear in there but for the price really not worth it .
 ok it is very breakable -LRB- that is why they say nothing about is duablity -RRB- and everyone noce you have it . good thing is it is hands free . gtood thing you could use the lisner for somthing else or on somthing else . bad thing everyone sees it and you shouldnt buy it unless you reily no what you are doeing cuzz nobondy i know did
 this toy is very hard to work you ca n't even hear anything plus the ear plug ca n't even fit in your ear and it always falls down . When you 're about to attach the spy listener to the sunglasses better ask for an adult because it 's very hard . I do n't reommend this toy . I got it a week ago and it stunk I do n't even use it any more ! But sometimes you can hear for maybe a minute .
 its so bad its brakeble its no good and you hear way better without it !!!!!!!! i got this for christmas and i dont like it
 I bought this thing because it seemed like a pretty cool thing . But i was wrong . All I could here was my own brathing this thing sucks . Dont get it .
 All I can hear is fuz.The only thing I can hear is the tings 1 foot away .
 this toy is so bad . The sunglasses and earpiece look really weird.its not at all what i expected i cant even hear someone whisper 5ft away.it says u can hear but it doesnt say u can hear words.its cheap but it doesnt really work .
 The assembly instructions are a nightmare . The light does not work despite pulling out and removing the tab as directed . Cute idea but it 's a poorly constructed toy . Just glad that I tried it out before having a very disappointed 9 yr old on Christmas . Returning it tomorrow for a more durable toy .
 I bought the spy vision scope with my birthday money . I thought it would be cool , but it did n't work the way it is supposed to , so I wasted my money!I do n't recommend this for younger kids , because there 's no instructions except on the box . Also not for people with long hair , because it gets tangled in hair really easy.I hope this toy can be improved in the future . Thank you for letting me speak my mind .
 I got this for a present on my birthday . IT STINKS ! This toy was so boring , and it does n't even really work . There is a headset thing and you put it on to see things clearer . There is a pop-out magnifying glass thing , and it is just like a regular one . It is supposed to magnify things from far away , but it does n't at all ! I could look over at the thing i was magnifying and it looks as close as the magnifyer made it ! It does n't work at all ! If anyone wants to get this , I recomend you do n't , bcause you will probably play with it for about two days , like i did .
 i was suprised to recieved these cover and find the did not fit my chairs at all . we taped them to the chairs but when people sat in the chairs the covers tore . they looked great up until then . would not recommmend this produt to any one
 Got it for the kids , remembering it from my youth . This version is too cheap to be any fun . The bowler drifts off the lane before he gets the pins , every time . The kids quickly lost interest and it was relegated to the bottom of the toy box in short order .
 This toy can not be flung like a slingshot . You either throw it or swing it around your head and let go . There is nothing special about it . Thought that this might have rubbery arms which would allow you to fling it and watch Superman fly . . that would be great ! But it 's not . Plus , the body is soft but the head is hard and this will hurt someone if you swing it towards them . Bummer .
 I bought this battery for use with the Wowwee Rovio robot . It is the correct size but does not have the same connector . I tried to splice the battery but this has greatly reduced it 's battery life and charge . Definitely buy the intended bsttery over this replacement that needs to altered to do half the job .
 Simple as that , it does n't work . Well let 's put it this way , it works as well as a pair of x-ray specs . I weep for the poor children whose dreams will be dashed by this .
 My son earned this toy by winning a gold medal in his TKD tournament . . We hqad to have it overnighted due to his excitement!When it arrived we charged it and finaly got to take it outside to fly ... well , we took it outside . This is a joke ! There is no way with our current laws of physics that this thing can fly . We added the weight stickers to balance teh man , as per the instructions . . we charged it every few minutes , as per the instructions ... but nothing ever happened except the spiderman would nose dive as soon as it was released ... Oh ... did I mention the tears from my son ? Overall , I would say that this was the worst purchase that I have ever made in my life . We have hidden the spiderman in the attic so it will not bring up any bad memories with my son . Maybe one day he too can get it from the attic and disappoint his children . . Buyer . . beware !
 We bought this for our son 's birthday and it was his big present . He 's a superhero nut and had been begging for this since he first saw it . After we had it put together and charged it up we went to walk outside . He dropped it a distance of about 2 and 1/2 feet and the it broke OFF at the knees !!! Much crying insued . After a quick trip to get glue we tried to fly the darn thing . It never flew . This should be more correctly termed a glider at best and definately not for children under say 14 or so.We were able to return it thank goodness . I must say this is just another in the long line of large Mattel products we have bought that are not put together well and do NOT stand the test of play . Such as the The Batman Batcave -LRB- falls apart -RRB- , The JLA watchtower -LRB- wo n't stand up -RRB- , the mini Batcave -LRB- falls apart -RRB- etc. etc. . I think we have learned our lesson .
 Looks great , but NOT worth the money . My son begged for this toy - and it was a big dud . Almost impossible to fly - I think once out of 50 tries were we successful . Made out of flimsy material , it chipped and scraped right away.Do NOT buy this toy !!!!!!
 We bought this for our grandson who is very careful with toys . We set it up and the leg broke off first thing . We tried to glue it but it never was the same and we ended up throwing it away .
 I am not mad but all new born puppys sleep but this is a toy it was boring at first.I think it was fun.my dog passed away last year and I was so sad but this dog turned my world ! now i 'm happy .
 All it does after it opens its eyes is turn its head and closes them again it does not interact with you it just sits there and rolls its head !
 Ok . I only put one star for this one because I am Getting it . I will defenatly tell you what happens when I get it . Does anyone have any advice ?
 We purchased these and they were the size of my pinky nail . Plus I was charged twice for shipping because I bought two of there products which the shipping charges were outrageous . And they were delievered in the same box . They were so light in the package . I just figured I would chalk this one up as a real lesson learned . And yes the company would take them back . But with all of the shipping charges it was just best to throw away and be done with .
 This item is MUCH smaller than described on previous page . I anticipated the measurements being in inches as described under Product Details but when I recieved it the dimensions were less than 2 cm high . This product would not work for what I purchased it for .
 I bought this bear thinking that it will be the identical to what my daughter had for 6 years . I have checked the tag number , it is made by Gund and it looked totally same on the picture . Received it and was very disappointed to discover that it is bigger that our old one and the fabric quality is absolutely different . But not only that , the fabric is shedding , you can pluck the fur and pull the fur till it is totally bold . Our 6 years old bear survived countless washing , my daughter brings it everywhere she goes and sleep with it every night and it still has all the fur in place.I returned it and bought the identical to what we had on the e-bay . Do n't buy it , it 'll not survive a single wash or rough play .
 This toy is NOT fun at all . Believe me I know . If you are thinking about buying this toy for your child please do NOT . He/She will most likely wo n't like it but this is my opinion but I know that I wasted my money on it . It is really boring !!!!!!!
 This doll is cute , but the hat will not stay on . This is irritating to me and my daughter . I actually threw the hat away because I was tired of seeing it laying around NOT on Dora 's head .
 This doll was as much a surprise to me as it was to my three year old granddughter . It i about 4 inches high . Actually I ordered the wrong doll . But , frankly , this whole Dora thing is out of control . It is not worth the money . I ended up buying her a teddy bear that she likes so much more . This doll does nothing . Just a lump of plastic .
 The kids -LRB- 9,6 -RRB- enjoyed playing with the projector which was easy to use but the images it projects are not at all 3-D . The images are difficult to see with the 3-D glasses on and colorful yet blurry with them off . Overall it was used for about 40 minutes in two years . I 'm sorry to say a complete waste of money although we have been happy with several other Uncle Milton products .
 I had a bad feeling this was n't going to work when I saw the flimsy 3D glasses . Sure enough , I was n't disappointed . Actually , I was . It was even worse than I thought as I could n't see ANYTHING in 3D . My 7 yr old said he could but everyone else in the family just saw a blur . The whole experience is about as exciting as watching a film strip in 7th grade science class . I 'm sure once I put it back in the box it wo n't see the light of day until we throw it away sometime next year .
 This is not 3D at all . Mine did not even come with the glasses.Really bad quality images . not worth the $ 20 .
 Yes , it has good music in the end . But the narrator rushed through once she got to Mars . The computer was made I guess to feel like a futuristic space mission . We want fact not entertainment ! If we want computer access stuff we 'll watch Star Trek thanks . Okay , maybe I 'm being too harsh or disappointed . Anyway , this piece is a little loud when inserting . So whatever atmosphere you 're trying to create with this device ; it 'll be blown if its a quiet one.The pictures are great though ! Classic 3D like the kind you find in old 3D comic books . And lousy for wall kind . We need something more like those cool new 3D NES games have for this kind of stuff . But yeah , waste of money . Good if you 're display collector though .
 On the website this toy looked like it filled the walls & ceiling with images of outer space . In actuality , it looked worse than a 7th grade science class slide show . My kids were completely disappointed and so was I. I am considering sending this product back whether I get a refund or not . Horrible !
 Kids have fun with it , but only for a few moments . the darts do n't stick and bounces off really easily.but it is a safe product for children .
 I purchased this toy for my daughter , envisioning us sitting down together to work the puzzle while learning about `` bigger than '' and `` smaller than '' . Oh , how wrong I was ! This toy held zero interest for her . While she is great at doing puzzles and also understood the concept of bigger/smaller than , she simply did n't care about putting them in descending order by size . The toy did not hold her interest , nor did she want to play again . I was unable to resell it , so ended up taking it to the thrift shop . This is a very well made toy , but just does n't have much play value .
 We got this toy as a present . The train cars keep popping off when they are being moved around . The train only stays connected when not being played . I can not believe a brand like Fisher Price would ever put this product on the market.We did n't get a gift receipt , so we are stuck with this useless toy.We have another train of the Little People toy series which is 200 % better .
 My son recieved this toys for his birthday . He is 18 months old and hardley looks at it . He played with it for all of 5 minutes at first and now it is a great dust collector . My advice , if you choose to buy it , keep your receipt just in case !
 This is a horrible introduction to sewing ! It is impossible to thread and keep threaded - basically it embodies everything that is difficult about sewing with NONE of the fun ! I wish we had put the money toward an adult sewing machine because while I dont mind helping her , she definitely loses interest watching me try to thread it over and over ! Dont buy this !
 we tried this item as well as the Discovery Item and both have the same flaws ... very difficult to use . Me Mum-in-law is an expert , and she says have them start on a real machine ... I should have listened . My 6 year old wants to learn to sew clothes for her dolls , as well as become a quilter . I was really hoping that this unit would have the safety features that allow for a child -- and it does , but it is so difficult to operate for an adult , that there is no way the child will figure it out . Threading is very difficult , even for small adult hands , so I simply do n't see how a child will be able to operate this . Better to listen to Me Mum in Law , a wonderful and talented woman ; a Master of Crafts . Use a smaller adult machine and use caution and oversight . Besides , your daughter will love the one on one interaction with a precious Mom , Grammie , or Auntie ! -LRB- As a dad , I just do n't cut it in this area ! -RRB-
 Two adults , including an experienced sewer , could not get the machine to stitch properly . The problem is with the thread tensioners , the spool tensioner ca n't be tuned finely enough one 1/8th turn clockwise and it is way to tight , the otherway its too loose . The bobbin tensioner is so loose it does n't tension at all.I am surprised Singer would put out a product this low quality .
 My daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- really wanted this sewing machine . We got it home , unpacked it , finished the stitch on the little blue cloth that comes already sewn and then proceeded to make one of the projects . Well , that 's where the fun STOPPED . The stitch would n't hold -LRB- it would n't even stitch -RRB- . The needle would go through , but it did n't make a stitch . We re-threaded the needle -LRB- which is nearly impossible using the provided tool and given the fact that the needle does n't come up high enough to have a straight shot through -RRB- , and tried to re-thread the bobbin , but the bobbin thread would not go where it was supposed to -LRB- the directions seem vaguely clear , if not contradictory , but following them does not produce the results they promise -RRB- . I spent about 90 minutes looking for additional help online , and trying over and over to re-thread the needle and bobbin , all to no avail . It broke my daughter 's heart to tell her it was going back . This is a poorly built waste of $ $ .
 I bought this machine to teach my 6-year-old grandaughter to sew . As another reviewer commented , it is impossible to thread the needle . The needle does not rise up high enough for you to be able to slip a thread , or the needle threader , through the eye . It was great fun sewing until we wanted to change the color of thread and discovered we could not thread the needle ! I am going to try and get some satisfaction from the manufacturer as this is clearly a design problem . Whoever ` designed ' this machine , never used it !
 Maybe you will have better luck then we did . Our machine did not work . We even took it to someone who repairs small electronics and they said that it is not repairable . So we are returning it . I liked the idea of the slower speed and shild safe foot guard . But this bobbin casing is loose and does not allow it to sew , it just jams up . Very frustrating .
 I am really disappointed in my Spring Float . When I aired it up the first time , one side kept curling up when I would lay on it , like it is supposed to do you put it in the carrying bag . I exchanged it for another because I was sure it was a `` fluke '' , but the second one is worse ! It will not lay flat AT ALL ! Very annoying . I tried different amounts of air and different size people , and it just curled up around everyone .
 I ordered this Dora for my niece who lives in another state . She likes this doll , however I was very dissapointed with this product when my mother opened the box . It arrived in time for Christmas but I do n't know what happened with my Dora . It looks exactly like this Dora EXCEPT : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Dora DOES NOT TALK -LRB- 2 -RRB- Dora DOES NOT SING -LRB- 3 -RRB- Dora did not come with batteries -LRB- because 1 AND 2 apparently do n't exist -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- Dora does not even have real hair -LRB- as in the picture -RRB- HER HAIR IS PLASTIC.I will be requesting a refund or some type of credit .
 We received this sled today and upon opening it my two year old daughter went crazy . First off , this is one of the most beautifully , hand crafted sleds I have ever laid eyes on . We could not wait to get out in the snow . Upon sitting my daughter in the sled I started to pull her and was amazed at how easy the sled glided across the snow . However , the excitement less than ten feet away when we came to the first part of the slightest uneven ground ; the sled tipped over and my daughter landed face first . I cleaned her off and set her back in the sled . Several times we tried to pull her around just in our yard . Every single time we came to the slightest incline or uneven area she tipped over . After the fifth tip over she was done . We were both disheartened as this would have been a keeper , however , I do n't want to hang it up in the den for its beauty . I need a functional sled simple as that.I contacted Mountain Boy and explained the issue and Kevin just did n't know what to say to me . With such high craftsmanship the actual sled -LRB- bottom -RRB- should have been designed far better . Even using the same slippery plastic material would have suited if there was a wide channel cut down the middle and it acted as two skis as opposed to a solid bottom . We live in Ohio and have about a good six inches of snow out there right now . her old sled was designed for 6-24 months so she outgrew it . it was a Pelican and never tipped over because it had a center channel to funnel snow acting like skies.I would have given this sled 5 stars for the woodworking craftsmanship alone , but it has to be functional and work well . The sled is described as stable and looking at the bottom one would think so . Mountain Boy , redesign the sled with skies and a channel down the middle and you have an absolute winner ! This sled may also work better in powder snow . Either way we are saddened by having to return it as its just that beautiful to look at .
 Received the sled in time , hid the package from the kids , and played Santa on Christmas night . Big mistake . The sled came cracked at the front plank , just where the rope holes are . The plank is cracked , it might or might hold , not that I care as I 'm returning it.The really infuriating part is that this crack has been there from the very begining , or is part of some lousy manufacturing process . The paint and varnish got into it , which to me means it was there already by the time the sled was still unpainted . It looks like someone went there with a circular saw while watching `` Big Sister '' at the same time.Which brings me to the '' ... Oh , so beautifully handcrafted !!! '' part . I do n't know if anything has changed since the last reviews , but this thing is far from perfect.I could give it a `` decent '' grade , if not for the sloppy crack/saw job . But nothing more : - The screws which hold the side rails look plain ugly and are too visible , proudly displayed as `` will not rust '' on the tag or not . - The bottom plate is held to the wooden part of the sled directly with screws which seem to pull it in every direction , instead of centering them with shims . - These same screws holding the plastic bottom are screwed unevenly enough to put it under tension and to leave little gaps between bottom and wooden plank . And this - at the front , where it is most exposed to snow ingestion . Imagine a large , flat tupperware box you would be pulling on the snow , with the lid not tightly closed . This is exactly what you 're getting . Snow will get in , and melt once you put the sled to dry . Whether it will manage to dry or not is another story.Yes , it 's no big deal , but such little things make all the difference between `` beautifully handcrafted '' and `` hand assembled '' . There is a clear difference between the two.On a comparison scale , this thing is in no way better assembled and for sure not better thought than an average Ikea chair . Actually , it might be a bit worse.So we come to the important part
 We bought the sled living in a snowy area for our 21 month old to take him with us while XC skiing . BUT the sled is not steady and tips over sideways throwing his face straight into the snow . We returned it very sad . He had really hoped it would work because it 's beautiful .
 I purchased the Mountainboy Sledworks Bambino Grande Pull Sled and the pad for it for Christmas for my 17 month old grandchild . The sled is very well made out of quality wood . However , your description indicated that it is `` large enough to accommodate two tolddlers . '' This sled , although well made , is in no way is large enough to hold two toddlers . It just barely holds one . As for the pad , the ties do not not stay tied and the pad continually slides down.I chose this sled thinking that my grandchild would be able to use it for two seasons , and that her baby brother would be able to ride tandem . She will probably be too big for it halfway through this season.Perhaps it would be more useful for a much smaller child , but there are no safety straps or harness to keep the child in the sled . It also tipped over on uneven , icy snow.Needless to say , we are very disappointed in the way this sled was represented in Amazon 's online description . It was an expensive purchase based on the limited use it will receive .
 I am usually a fan of the Melissa & Doug line , but this puzzle is not the best work . I just unwrapped it and several of the pressure sensors do n't work . They are very delicate looking and with a small child , that spells broken in a very short amount of time . Also , because they are merely pressure sensors , you do n't have to have the correct piece in there for it to announce the shape of the cutout . Not sure that really helps the learning process . There are versions of this puzzle that are old-school and do n't speak - you will be better served and save money on this easily destroyed and inaccurate puzzle , not to mention saving on the 3 AAA batteries that it requires . On a kind of side note , when you remove the pieces there is a picture under it of an object in the same shape . For example , under the triangle is a picture of a slice of pizza . Now this is just a pet peeve of mine , but as a baseball fan , I was very irked to find a picture of a baseball DIAMOND under the PENTAGON shape . Not home plate as an example of a pentagon , but what is supposed to be a four-sided playing field . Like I said , personal pet peeve .
 Numbers / Letters / Shapes by Melissa and DavidThese products are designed with a small light sensitive button under the number , letter or shape . Note that while I am only referring to the number game below that the same analysis applies to the letter -LRB- ABCs -RRB- and shape games . When you place the number in its appropriate slot -LRB- Example the # 2 in the number 2 slot -RRB- the game will say `` two '' . The problem with the design is that it will also say two if your hand passes over the 2 slot while you are on your way to placing a 3 in the 3 slot . It will also say 2 if you cover the sensitivity button in the 2 slot with a 5 , 6 , 7 , etc. . I returned the numbers and letters game because the design problem of having the game calling out other numbers and calling out numbers other then the number my daughter has in her hand since that would tend to confuse her . I kept the shapes game even though it has the same design problem because since it is only 9 shapes -LRB- slots -RRB- vs. 20 + numbers or letters -LRB- slots -RRB- the problem is not as prevalent .
 The sounds in this puzzle are produced when a sensor in each shape hole is covered . Tonight I hear an occasional `` octagon ! '' , `` square ! '' coming from my daughter 's toy box because of settling toys and nightfall . The sensor thing was just a bad idea . The fact that any puzzle piece -LRB- heck , even a finger touching the sensors -RRB- can set this thing off is not only annoying but confusing for kids . I am taking the batteries out and sitting with my daughter so I can make sure she learns the correct names for the shapes . It is a decent puzzle , just leave it without the batteries .
 I provide math professional development to preschool teachers and was excited to integrate this toy into the materials that I use for shape learning . I thought this could teach children about shape when they are playing without a teacher guiding the instruction and it would be helpful to children who speak English as a second language . The MAJOR educational drawback to this toy is that no matter where the pieces are placed it will call out the name of the shape . This is a BIG PROBLEM in terms of teaching children the correct names of shapes ! For example , if you put the octagon over the triangle it will call out triangle because the magnet triggers the voice prompt , NOT the puzzle piece being correctly inserted . I DO NOT recommend this toy because of this problem .
 I got this puzzle for my 1 1/2 yr old . The sound does not work so I 'm basically considering this toy as defective . I likely wo n't return it b/c I do n't want to deal with the hassle .
 I bought this globe for my husband as a gift . It takes a while and some practice to get it to levitate and even once you can get it to levitate it only works for maybe a minute before the magnet at the top snaps it up . The globe itself is a thin , cheap plastic . I 'm really unimpressed by this item , especially since it is fairly expensive for a globe . If the globe itself was n't so cheaply made I would n't mind that the `` levitation '' is sketchy and brief at best . I would recommend people pass on this on this item .
 I was very disappointed at how cheap the globe is and looks . It 's a neat idea , but does n't look that nice . Do n't leave it anywhere that is accessible to children . If you grab the globe just a little to strong , it will crack easily . I would not recommend .
 This chess set is not at all as illustrated . It is a very dark green and black board with the chess pieces an even darker green and black . Using indoor lighting , you can not distinguished the opposing pieces from each other . If the pieces are taken outside in direct sunlight , there is a minimal difference but just how many people play outside in direct sunlight ? Extreme care must be taken to keep the chess pieces separated into their respective ` sides ' . I purchased this for a young player and he finds it very frustrating.The quality of the set is excellent . But unfortunately , it 's just not functional .
 Three weeks ago , we purchaed the vinyl Dark Horse Underdog figure for our 7 year old son . Last night , the figure fell off the bed -LRB- ON TO CARPET -RRB- and his head broke off . I could n't believe it . Fell a few feet -LRB- was n't thrown -RRB- on to carpet and now it 's broken . There 's a loose piece of plastic inside his body that rattles now which obviously held the held in place . I can not believe this product is so cheaply made . Could you imagine if it was dropped on a hard floor by accident or something else ? Dark Horse describes this toy as `` high-quality roto-cast vinyl figures , '' but I 'm sorry , it 's not . It seems to be cheaply made and my son is VERY sad it broke so quickly . I wrote the company , because maybe I have a faulty one , but I ca n't see how this thing could have broken so fast when my son is very careful with his toys . Needless to say , he 's heartbroken . I 'm hoping to hear back from Dark Horse soon .
 When I saw parking ticket i was like cool now I can prank the people in my office but when I got them they next day or so I read what it said at the bottom and it was just complete garbage . The pictures sucked before you buy reconsider this product is not for you I promise
 This puzzle looks and feels sturdy . However , it will sound unexpectedly even when the puzzle is not in place . Sometimes it will give you a creepy feel because of it . Mine will sound especially when I turn my lights off -LRB- even without all the puzzle pieces in place ! -RRB- . Sometimes it will sound when I walk by it . On the other hand , it wo n't sound even after I put the puzzle together 5 out of 10 times . I wo n't recommend it .
 I 'm unsure when the sound is supposed to come on because it is so random i can only describe it is hit or miss sound . Not every piece makes sound when it goes into the right place , sometimes 2nd or 3rd piece makes sound . Sometimes if i take one piece out and put it back again makes the sound . Sometimes if i wiggle the piece it makes the sound . I kept it cuz it still makes sound at least once while all the pieces are put in the correct places and my son enjoys playing with it but too random sound that is unpredictable .
 This toy looks great , puzzles great , but the screw they used is of such poor quality that we ca n't open the battery compartment . This thing is going back to the store we bought it at tonight.This is very unexpected from Melissa and Doug , a brand that sells at a premium because of it 's reputation for high quality .
 The animals were not that nice , look cheap and bigger than I thought . Was not worth the price .
 All the parts constantly fall off of this toy and our children quickly tired of putting them back on . It 's poorly designed and not worth the money .
 My daughter bought this toy with her own money and was very excited to play with it until we got it out of the box and TRIED to put it together . The slide does not stay together and is not made in the correct size . When attached at the top and bottom to keep in place it comes apart in the middle . Not sure that Mattel checked this out before putting it on the market . We contacted Mattel and they would just say they were sorry and would give me my money back but that does n't do anything for my very sad 4 year old who can not play with the toy she purchsed with her own money . I would not buy this item and ours is going back to the store . If the slide was the right size it would be a great toy . She had fun playing with it but was very upset everytime she had Polly slide down the slide and it fell apart .
 It was fun for a while . After I used it a while some of the water spouts do n't work any more . It was very fun while it worked . Overall I would not recomend it .
 My daughter just got this as one of her birthday presents , and after turning it on for a few minutes , there was a huge amount of water outside the toy itself . In fact , when we placed it in the back of a 1-foot square container , some of the water still managed to splash past the container onto the counter . Plus , the two parts of the slide do n't stay together if you plug the ends into their slots . Not impressed at all .
 My daughter got this for easter not even 1 week ago and we both find this toy very poorly made . She loves polly pocket , but gets frustrated with this toy for several reasons . For one , the slide comes apart everytime she tries to slide down her polly pocket dolls . Reason two , the waterfountain only worked for two days.Now only two holes where the water comes out , works . Not durable at all . And the last reason is the water does not trickel out , it pours out and gets water all over the place . I would not recomend this toy to any young child .
 My 6 year old daughter received this for her birthday . Within two days of opening it one of the water outlets stopped working . The water slide would not stay in place and water goes everywhere even when filled as directed . The water everywhere is managable -LRB- we put towels under it -RRB- however , there is not a lot of `` play value '' for the mess .
 This is a cute little toy & my kids really liked it , but they played with it once , we put it on the shelf for a month , got it back down , and the water pump suddenly did n't work . Mattel did send me a voucher for a free Mattel product as a replacement , but my kids were pretty disappointed.Also , the slide which attaches to the fountain wo n't stay on unless you Super Glue it . All in all , a very poorly made product . It 's a shame too , because if it worked , it would be great . The one time it did function , the water really poured out , the lights worked , and my kids were crazy about it . But a toy should n't break after only one use.Incidentally , the two little tubs that are sold separately to go with this one are completely bogus . They do n't even have a pump , your kids are supposed to scoop the water out of the lower tub and dump it into the upper one , and even then the water barely trickles out . Also , to attach the two side tubs to this main one as shown in the pictures , you again have to use Super Glue or they wo n't stay together . And if you glue them together , then the kids can never take them apart.And these toys make such a mess that you 'll be tempted to have your kids play with them in the tub . You can put in a cup of water , and 15 minutes later , the kids are calling for more water because what you gave them is all over the table , the floor , and their clothes . We tried using them in the tub but this does n't work well either , the tubs just tip over in the water and do n't float well . To really use them , you 'd need a small table in your bathtub!Don ' t they ever Beta test these things before releasing them ?
 My -LSB- ... -RSB- daughter had one of these and I returned it . There were pieces missing from the box . It was hard just getting the box open and finding the instructions which are on the back of a poster . The second one my mom bought her there pieces missing again . They need to package this toy better so pieces wo n't come up missing .
 I really like the feel of these cards , almost like brand new paper cards . Unfortunately , the colors bleed really badly , ruining the cards before their time .
 This product is a piece of junk . The slide wo n't stay attached to the tub unless you Super Glue it , and you also have to Super Glue the stand for the slide or it falls off too.And note , in spite of what Mattel 's advertising suggests , this tub does n't have a pump like the main Fountain Falls set . Your kids are supposed to scoop the water out of the lower tub and dump it into the upper one , and even then the water barely trickles out . Mattel provides your child with a palm leaf scoop to dump the water into the palm tree , and the scoop holds less than a thimble . One scoop will barely produce a trickle . The water does n't run out the way the pictures show , the pictures they show with the water pouring out were obviously done on Photoshop.And if you 're thinking of getting this set to go with the main Fountain Falls one , you should know that to attach the two side tubs -LRB- of which this is one -RRB- to the main one as shown in the pictures , you again have to use Super Glue or they wo n't stay together . And if you glue them together , then the kids can never take them apart . See also my review on the Fountain Falls set.And these toys make such a mess that you 'll be tempted to have your kids play with them in the tub . You can put in a cup of water , and 15 minutes later , the kids are calling for more water because what you gave them is all over the table , the floor , and their clothes . We tried using them in the tub but this does n't work well either , the tubs just tip over in the water and do n't float well . To really use them , you 'd need a small table in your bathtub!Don ' t they ever Beta test these things before releasing them ?
 I purchased this ... something , but what Iv ' e got was amazing . A small soft USED dirty little RUSTY ball . I sent back to them , and I emailed like 20 times , but NO ONE EVER answered . And they kept my money .
 Got these for my 4x4 here in korea , they arrived in the mail and the largest one is almost one inch long . They are tiny . I was thinking they were the actual size of the real stickers , but these are mini and ment for little toys , but does not say this in the description .
 I have took all my son 's toys to the laboratory to test dangerous chemicals , and some hot wheels cars had mercury on their paint said the test .
 Grandchildren disappointed - only a couple of the cars worked on the Criss Corss Track for which we purchased them .
 DO NOT waste your money on this product ! The beads are so small you need a magnifying glass to see where to string them . My 6 yr . old -LRB- and myself -RRB- got so upset and irritated she ended up using them for an art project .
 We pumped up this pool for the first time for a party this fall . The canopy part is not very sturdy and as the temperature cooled , the pool deflated . The top canopy collapsed on top of the kids playing inside and scared the heck out of them . They will not get back into the pool . There were no holes . There is just no support for the canopy outside of the air ... when that deflates , the canopy falls first .
 This is not a product review , but is a review of the product description . When you go to the review screen it asks that you be detailed and specific . The product description on this potholder loom indicates that it is a 6 piece set . The picture possibly shows 4-5 objects , but can not find anything that explains what the 6 items are in the set . I presume there is a booklet -LRB- # 1 -RRB- , potholder loops -LRB- # 2 -RRB- , a loom -LRB- # 3 -RRB- , a hook -LRB- # 4 -RRB- , also there is possibly a needle to help tie off the loops -LRB- # 5 -RRB- , and maybe some regular yarn -LRB- maybe # 6 -RRB- . Some of this is an unknown . The description also does not tell you if loom is metal or plastic , what type of loops are included -LRB- synthetic , cotton or wool -RRB- , if the hook is metal or plastic , or what the loom size is . I 'm sure I missed something else , but discription needs to be clarified.I am looking at the different potholder looms on Amazon.com trying to find one I might order for my granddaughter 's 6th birthday . This product looks interesting , but am unsure of it due to basically no description .
 We purchased this for my 8 yr . old daughter , within 1 day it was broken . We even bought a refill and could not get it to work correctly . The door keeps coming off . Very Poor quality .
 This was a huge disappointment . It immediately fell apart . We made maybe 3 stickers before everything got jammed and totally broke .
 This toy was a gift to my daughter for good behaviour -- she 'd seen the ad on tv and really wanted to have it . Well , this `` machine '' is not self-explanatory , and the instructions miss several critical steps , including how to load the two rolls of paper and vellum , and how to get them out -LRB- kind of at the heart of sticker-making -RRB- . We spent a good part of Saturday night trying to make this thing to work , and ended up with vellum , sticky glue , and an unraveled roll of paper to show for it . I have n't felt so ripped off on a toy and my daughter was pretty bummed !
 My daughter bought this with birthday money and it jammed on the first day she played with it . We ca n't get the sticker roll out and she is very disappointed . Do n't bother with this toy . Buy a better one made for scrapbooking . The look on my daughter 's face when this broke was heart-breaking .
 We have had two of these things and both are nothing but junk ! That they charge $ 20 for it is a crime ! It gets jammed with every turn and it only increases the waste of stickers and tape . Do n't spend a precious dime on this piece of junk toy !
 My daughter got this toy last Christmas and I was surprised to see it still on the market . I read other reviews and see some people got it to work . I put things together all of the time and read directions patiently . This thing was nearly impossible . It just barely works . Here is an idea
 My daughter loves the sticker maker but she used the cartridge in one day and still has plenty of stickers left to make and I can not find the refills anywhere . They need to make the refills for these types of toys easier to get . I am to hesitant to buy the bead maker now because of that and I know my daughter would like it but It 's a waste if it 's a one time use and upsets my daughter .
 My 7 year old got this for Christmas this year . I put it together , got every thing loaded . She was right on top of me ... could n't wait ... anxiously waiting ... are you done yet are you done yet ... everything was set to go ... she turns the crank ... out comes a couple stickers ... She looks up at me ... `` ehhh is that it ? `` we put it back in the box and now it goes to Goodwill.My daughter said ... I have lots of stickers that are n't so much trouble .
 We bought this toy for my little neice for Christmas - what a let down ! The toy looks easy enough to put together on both the instruction sheet and the photo on the box but in reality this thing is very confusing and nearly impossible ! The slots to insert the sticker back and the clear plastic are so tiny - we used tweezers and still could barely do it ! Once you think you 've figured out how to get the paper and stickers and plastic together , you 've used half of each roll and there are not additional rolls included , nor can you buy them separately ! There is an internal piece that just does n't fit once the stickers were in place - this toy is ridiculous . It is such a cute idea , but three adults spent over an hour trying to put it together and we finally gave up . Such a disappointment to a litle girl on Christmas morning !!!
 My 5yo daughter received the Polly Pocket sticker maker as a Hanukkah gift from a beloved friend of the family , thus I feel terrible writing such a bad review on this product because the gesture was so kind . Generous gift aside though , the product SUCKS !!! Seriously , no matter what anyone might tell you otherwise , DO NOT buy this product . First , it is nearly impossible to put together and the directions are not comprehensible . I was shocked that I actually got it together -LRB- it took me about 30 minutes although there are very few parts -RRB- , but sure enough , as soon as I did , my daughter made one or two stickers and the whole thing just jammed up and broke completely . Believe me - there was NO WAY to fix it . I threw the whole thing in the garbage . She was really sad about it , but believe me , I had no other choice . Had it not been a gift -LRB- I had no gift receipt -RRB- I would have returned it for a full refund . Please do not make the same mistake as my very well-intentioned friend who bought this product for my child . Avoid it . It is NOT worth your money !
 The instructions are not very good . It is very cheaply made , and hard to work . I would save your money and not buy this one . Your daughter will be much happier in the long run .
 My 5 year old found this toy hard to play with because of all the tiny peices . The hangers were hard to hang and most of the peices were lost by the end of the day . My 7 year old found it too small to enjoy it keep her interest for very little time . She found Polly was not as fun to dress as her large dolls she got . I even got frusterated with it because when I went to pack it up many of the peices scattered all over the place .
 I bought this for my 2 yr old daughter thinking what a great toy for places where you have to `` wait '' . Well , she had it 24 hours when in the midst of my putting her pants on , the doll fell apart . My daughter was very upset about it . I know she is a bit young for the doll , but she is careful with her things and most particular about keeping pieces together . Would have been an excelent purchase if it were more durable .
 This decal comes all in a sheet together . I would have to cut the flame out and it may take a longtime . Not worth the trouble . I do not recomend!ThanksAlan A.
 the decals did not come off paper ... tried cutting them apart still did not work , kept trying for about 10 minutes and got 2 off ... long story hort they are in the trash and was going to send back but it was not worth it .
 I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas and have spent the entire day trying to get some music videos to load and play correctly on it . They require as special format of WMV -LRB- which it does not say on the box . -RRB- The documentation is VERY poor and so is the support info on their web site.I would not purchase this for running downloaded video . I guess if you only use the special Mix-max cards it would be ok , but converting your standard music videos for this is a pain ! I still have n't figured it out and I have a feeling they have a bug . I have to call support after Christmas.I expected more of a Disney product .
 I thought I was a bit savy about codecs and windows media player10 plugins but this Media Player made by Memorex for Disney will humble you . A nice package with good buttons and now after 3 hrs of reading and $ 10 phone call to tech support -LRB- hung up once by Duane1031 and completely untechnical Rachel041 I 'm supposed to get an email sometime.All the nice packageing and big screen does n't help if the you ca n't use it . If this is the way Disney treats customers , they do n't deserve to have any .
 We bought this as a Christmas present and one month later I am still trying to download video . Customer service calls were a waste of time . I asked how I could upload kid friendly videos in wmv format and his reply was , `` how should I know '' . For a Disney product , you would think it would be more user friendly . Do n't waste your time unless you want to use the video clips only . I am giving up and returning it .
 I made absolutely sure that this would be compatible with macintosh before I bought it for my daughter this Christmas . I figured I 'd have to do a few conversions here and there but nothing major . Well , it 's the day after Christmas and I still can get it to play anything other than the Mix Max video clip I bought for it , and a couple of Disney Podcasts I downloaded via iTunes . Not even my daughter 's disney cds will play properly after we uploaded them to iTunes and then downloaded them to the Mix Max . If my 18 y-o son tech guru of a son ca n't even figure this out , I 'm guessing this is a major problem.The manual that came with the MixMax is worthless , as is the support PDF I downloaded from Memorex -LRB- who makes Mix Max -RRB- . It might be helpful for those of you with Windows , but they offer no online support for mac.I 'm in a major snit right now and not very happy about this expensive purchase !
 Santa should have just brought an MP3 player , for that is all this is . I have spent days on this , and I still can not download video files to it . What a waste of my time . I do not know why they would make it this difficult . And as far as the converting files ... I wish someone could explain it to me . I went through the process , and it just tells me I ca n't convert because the files I downloaded are protected . I am ready to scream !! When I tried to call the support number , I got put on hold and hung up on three times . Then I got through , and guess what ... they were closed . I ca n't imagine making a product that does not support a normal wmv file . Part of me wants to buy the clips just so my daughter can watch something on it , but I 'm sooo angry , I do n't want to put any more time , effort , or money into this product . I think we 're taking ours back to the north pole , and will save up for an ipod .
 Santa brought my 7 yr old daughter the Disney Mix Max for Christmas . By Jan 5 , it stopped working & would not even turn off . We returned the Mix Max & exchaned it for another . To my surprise , they were all on clearance -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- . After I re-downloaded all of the songs again , the 2nd Mix Max did not shut off either . I again returned it to exchange for another one . After the 3rd Mix Max failed to work properly , I returned everything back to Target -LRB- approx . $ 150 worth of stuff , Mix Max , clips , case , etc. -RRB- and am getting her an IPOD . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME !
 It fell apart almost right out of the box . My child could n't play with it at all . He is not a rough kid either . It simply was not meant to be handled .
 When I bought this product , I was expecting to be able to use it for more than just standing there , but all of the articulation and joints are wasted by a poor overall product . In the package , the toy looked amazing , just waiting for me to open it , and get my hands on it . The excitement built a bit , but once I untied it from the plastic bindings and grabbed it for the first time I knew something was wrong , very , very wrong ! His arm was left in the package . It made no sense , I took it out so carefully , what had happened?Well it turns out that the developers did n't make the product like any action figure i had seen in the past . When I was younger , if an arm ever fell off one of my action figures , it could be popped/snapped back onto the ball joint that connects to the rest of the figure . This and the other `` Dragonball Z Bandai Hybrid Action Mega Articulated Action '' figures do not have ball joints that pop in and stay locked on . What they have is a peg with no size variants and nothing to hold it in , except the loose hole they originally fit into . So , in other words , these toys are going to fall apart all the time . No need for rough play here , just a tug and both his arms can come out.Unless you plan to keep this in the box or on the included stand , I do not recommend this product at all .
 I bought this one since I 'm a big Dragonball fan . When I planned the buying , I intended it to be placed on a shelf , but also be a toy my son would be able to play when he wanted to.It took less than 2 minutes after arrival , even on adult 's hands , and it was gone . Half of its leg snapped with no conditions to be fixed . It just CA N'T be a toy and even to be put on a pose to stand in a shelf requires minimum contact .
 Not what was expected.It is a static display only . It will not operate on the ground as I thought it would . It runs well and makes lots of sounds , but it sits on a stand . Kids lost intrest in about 10 minutes
 these are not for your big car , this is for only a model car or RC racer , dont plan on putting this on your car
 This looks like a fun pool toy , but it is actually dangerous . It is very hard to maneuver , and once you do get it rolling , the kid 's fall when they get to the top-it 's too hard to hold onto . My daughter popped her shoulder out of place on this thing . Would not recommend at all !
 This was a waste of money . My kids can hardly fit inside of it , plus it just tips over the minute anyone gets inside of it . We tried and tried to make this spin in the water . Just does n't happen . My son uses it as `` base '' for water gun fights . Guess I 'd give it a greater rating for that !
 We bought this and while the idea of a cyclone spin is attractive -- none of us could actually spin . You need another person on the spin side -- I guess -- it 's a good float , but it 's not a cyclone spin
 we bought this for our pool because the description said it was a fun spinning toy.That is just not the case.spinning is next to immpossible for the average person and when you can get it to half spin the kids fall out due to nothing to hang on to.a better name for this thing would be the tip over and fall off huge floating circle.thank God for the creativity of children and the fact that it is a neat place to hide inside of or i would have taken it back to the store . . if your looking for a fun spinning toy you have not found it in this product !
 We tried this toy for the late . It just kept tipping over . No one could get it to work . We threw it out .
 I am not happy with this toy at all . I was very excited to get it because the only thing my daughter wanted for Christmas was a horse she could sit on . From the pictures this appeared to be it but the pictures are very misleading compared to what I received . In my opinion tt is not worth the money I spent . There is no way this little girl is sitting on the horse like the one that I got . It is simply a stuffed animal with no infrastructure . I was looking for a stuffed horse that my daughter could sit on but this is not it . If you are looking for anything more than a stuffed toy I would say you do not want this horse .
 This is not very strong . The rear legs collapse when sat on . Ok for a stuffed animal but not a toy for a child to sit on . I returned the item .
 I was so let down when I opened this and did not find Melissa . You only get Doug the Horse in this `` set '' . Amazon or the company should change the name of this product .
 I just wanted to give everyone a heads up concerning this horse . Do not waste your money . My niece had a little horse that looked just like this one and was very sturdy . I thought I was buying the same one , I was not . It is extremely rickety , sorry there is not other word to describe this toy . We bought it for our three year old -LRB- around 32 lbs . -RRB- for Christmas and I was hoping that it would simply make it through the day without breaking . I did n't want her Christmas ruined because her toy broke . It 's legs bend very easily . I am not sure what type of support it has but it feels like a wooden rod through the back . I have to say that it is cute but useless . It is not cute enough to be decoration and not sturdy enough to be ridden . Kids can sit on the horse but they must sit very still and be careful getting on and off , as it is prone to collapse . Just a note of advice , research any purchases you make through other companies first .
 I really thought this would be sturdier than it is . The legs are not solid , so my daughter can not sit on it like many I 've seen in stores . I am not happy with it .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 8 year old daughter who loves horses . This is such a big horse that any kid is going to want to sit on it . But they ca n't . Every time my daughter -LRB- who is small for her age -RRB- or my 5 year old son gets on it , the legs bend and then it falls over . The only time it does n't fall is if the kids keep their feet on the ground and bare their own weight . This toy was such a disappointment and a source of frustratiion for the kids . Boo !!
 When my little daughter saw her gift she was very happy , but when she sat on the horse it 's was to weak . I bought it because I saw that they can use it like a real pony . She is a normal weight and 4 years old so she meets the specification described in the pony 's detail . The same day she received it , the pony 's head broke . In general I do not recommend this product for this price $ 65.00 probably for $ 35.00
 DONT PUT UR CHIKD IN HERE TO RIDE !! For one , it gets their hopes up and they never want to get off . But in all honesty , its not made to ride . My daughter is 5 and weighs 40 lbs . But the front left leg actually collapsed while she snuck on it . It scared her cuz she thought she broke her new horse . I bought this for her cuz she wants a real horse and I have not the money or the room for one . I thought it would be a good substitute . I think we r both disappointed . But the horse is here to stay . Even if all it does is take up room and collect clothes . : - -LRB-
 Although my kids love it ... I hate it ! Other reviews said how good it is and how there kids sit on it and pull it around ... well whenever my 3 yr old climbs on it it falls over ! The legs give out every time . My 6 yr old can climb on it but has to sit still or it again falls over ! I was excepting more
 Very disappointed with this horse . You should read the 1 , 2 , and 3 star ratings for this - they are correct . My 6 year old who weights about 50 lbs can not sit on it without it collasping . If your child is going to sit on it - it is NOT a good toy . We have tried to adjust the legs and re-enforce it , but it is very poorly constructed and feels like it will break easily . The other reviews complain of the same thing - so I do not believe our toy was unique in this respect . It is a big expensive stuffed animal and not mean to be a toy to sit on.In addition the head is bent forward making it look nothing like the pictured horse at all.This was our featured gift for our 6 year old and she is very frustrated with the toy - I have not bought other Melissa and Doug stuff but if this is an example of their toys , then I will steer clear of their products.I would be concerned about the 5 star reviews - they do not seem to be describing the product I received .
 I would not recommend this puzzle . Vehicle pictures are just stickers on wood , so not very durable . Sounds are incredibly loud , distorted , and annoying . Also , this puzzle is light-activated , so that if you walk into the room & turn on the light switch , this puzzle sounds off . Which has woken up the kids in the middle of the night , not to mention given me a heart attack ! My kids do n't play with it as much as they do with similar puzzles , I think because they do n't like the noise . To turn off , you need to take out the batteries .
 I bought this puzzle in a store for my 22 mos . grandson . I bought it twice because the first one did n't work . The sound would work at times and not at others . I thought it was a fluke and so i bought another one . That one was even worse , in that it worked minimally the first night , which upset my grandson very much . I returned them both ! I am so surprised that Melissa and DOug would manufacture this , or continue to manufacture it after all the negative reviews . I wish I had read them before buying these puzzles . I will not make that mistake again .
 Bought this for my 18 month old son for supervised play , I would not recommend it . The sound effects are pretty loud and annoying . Also , it does not matter which piece the child is trying to put into which space , the magnets on the back of the pieces will make any of the other spaces go off ... so if baby tries to put the airplane into the car space you will hear the car sound effect even though the piece is wrong . Sort of annoying . Additionally , the pegs are very small and if you or your child has ever stepped on one - VERY painful .
 I 'm a big fan of Melissa & Doug toys & puzzles , but this sound puzzle was a major let down . First of all you do n't have to put the correct vehicle puzzle piece in the correct spot to make the sound . So really the sound aspect of this toy is not there for teaching ; just annoying the parents with the awful sounds . Secondly , I can walk by the darn puzzle and the sounds go off due to the sensors , so quality is lacking . It would be a much better puzzle without the sound , so I 'll probably take the batteries out . Stick with the chunky puzzlesMelissa & Doug Vehicles Chunky Wooden Puzzleand save $ and sanity .
 These puzzles can be very annoying and SPOOKY ! The puzzles are overly `` sensitive '' and slight movement will and can trigger the puzzles off . Our cat likes to hang around the play room and in the middle of the night , these puzzles sound off on their own !!! We actually had to warn our house/pet-sitter just so she wo n't be calling ghost busters ! . Poor design and construction - the pieces does not even have to match , will just randomly goes off ! We bought both the vehicle and animal puzzle and hence the example given here . My 18 month old `` bang '' -LRB- did n't even need to be in place -RRB- the roaster piece onto the cow spot and next it 's `` moo moo moo '' . Zero star for educational value for these series of puzzles!The pieces are also small and thin , unlike the typical high quality thick chunky solid wood pieces Melissa & Doug is famous for .
 I really wanted to like this toy . My 20 month old daughter is enthralled with vehicles right now , but HALF of the SOUNDS DON `` T WORK . Or work only some of the time . We have other sound puzzles , by Melissa and Doug , that do n't have this problem . Additionally , these sounds are brassy unlike our other puzzles . I would n't be able to recognize a particular vehicle 's sound without looking at the pictures . Too bad because it is a great idea . I would definitely pass on this toy .
 It is a neat looking puzzle but when my son opened it on Christmas the sound would n't work . We tried different batteries but still no sound . He does like the puzzle but the main reason I bought it was b/c it was supposed to make neat sounds . Maybe it was just one time luck that it did n't work .
 The puzzle will go off and make vehicle noises at random , even in the middle of the night . This has been going on for months . Also , a vehicle will make noises even if a piece is placed on top of an incorrect cut out space . I do n't mind noisy toys but this one is frustrating . I would much prefer a silent puzzle . I do n't recommend this puzzle at all .
 It was beautiful but it made of porclein and very delicate an older child will really love it since they will hold it and put it back on it 's stand but for a younger child can prove to be challenging since they want to move it around and it much to fragile for that as a lover of the muppets what detail and how beautiful it was just sorry I could not keep such an airloom since she would want to play with it and may even climb if I try to put it on a shelf Niki is one of the best humans I have done buisness with she is understanding and generous and a delight plus she has plenty to choice from and your package arrive with caring making you feel special
 These blocks are adorable but the paint is peeling off of them and they have only been out of the bag one time since they were sent to us as a gift . Of course the first thing the baby wants to do is put them in her mouth ! The horror of seeing little bits of white flaky paint in her mouth was just too much .
 My 4 1/2 year old son picked this toy out himself . He was really excited until we got it home and he heard the voice of the mummy . He refuses to play with it and even wanted to take it back to the store because it scared him so much . Definitely not recommended for younger children .
 My son , like a lot of preschool boys , is train-obsessed . People know he loves trains and they tend to buy train stuff for him as gifts . We have some Thomas stuff , as well as stuff from some other brands . We have wooden tracks that happen to be from IKEA but are the same form factor as the Thomas and Brio wooden tracks.My advice
 theese take alongs made in china say compatible with all thomas take alongs ... only partly true . The magnet will connect by force but because the magnet is shaped different than the real ones they wo n't stay lined up proper on the wooden tracks and fall over the edge due to the position.if just using as a toy on the floor or a take with ya somewhere fine .
 First of all this product is shown as a good buy together with aUniversal Coin Binder , Album . They do not go together - two different sizes.Second - the coins are falling out of the pages.Beware .
 As many reviewers have noted , the price for these sleeves is excellent . each pack will hold 2000 coins . The problems is they are a pain to fill and keep coins in . I had assumed that i did n't need to worry about this , because i plan to keep the coins vertical in albums and did n't anticipate bending that would lead the coins to flip out . but , if you have the holders horizontal and put in coins , then have to move some coins out , you will have a very high chance of the coins flying out . i may end up needing to tape across the top of each holder , which is rather annoying . what these really need is a flap at the top so that the coins stay secured in.some of the holders are also not properly opened , so you want to check them all before starting to load coins in , because if you have to manipulate any of the sleeves most of the coins will fly out of the other sleeves.if you hold them vertically and secured you will be fine , but any flexing and you will have spillage .
 the ad says to buy the coin binder with these sheets !!! well , these sheets are full size loose leaf and does not state this fact ! the binder is ... you guessed it ... small size loose leaf binder !!! I bought it as a gift , now I have nothing to give for the party on saturday !! Kim
 These are itty bitty . They also do n't come with the fairy house or anything else like the description mentions . They are very little and do n't do much . I got them for two bucks and wish I had n't .
 We gave it a go and never got it to work . Important plastic pieces broke and directions could have been clearer , it 's hard to undo what 's been done on this tiny rig . Ca n't say it 's bad or does n't work , but it was a couple hours effort for naught .
 This binder is a completely ordinary three ring binder with a picture of a Pokemon character on the front . Save the $ 25 and instead buy a plain ring binder and make it special with your own Pokemon pictures . $ 30 and it does not even come with pockets to hold the cards . I am appalled at the waste .
 These books are about the size of 1/4 piece of typing paper . They would be cute for party goody bags but , not much else .
 Do not buy this ! It is .99 , but they will charge you 5.19 for shipping !
 The cushion tore after two uses . The persons sitting on weighed less than 150 pounds . Do n't waste your money .
 My 10 year old daughter put this on our wish list for Christmas and is really disappointed with it . All it does is have a very annoying repetetive sound going all the time and the penguins go round and round . We thought it was a game - a race . We feel the product is very misleading and this is rubbish as a toy and the noise will drive all parents nuts.Bad Buy !
 I ordered this very cute toy for my grandson . He plays with it in a normal manner and has used it only Sundays when he comes over . This was purchased in January . It is now broken . New batteries do not help . I did take toy apart to see what might be amiss and the parts were loose , obviously not connecting to move the stairs the penguins race on . These parts should not come loose from normal use . I will probably never purchase a product from this company again if this is how their toys hold up !
 My oldest son has Autism , and he loves this toy . He will sit and watch the penguins go round and round for quite a while , which is unusual for him . If he could give this a rating , he 'd give it 5 stars.What amazes me about my son , is that with his Autism , the racket this thing produces does n't bother him . Frankly , I do n't see how , because it gets on my nerves after 15 seconds . It makes this squeaky `` yip '' sound about 3-4 time per second -LRB- yes , per SECOND -RRB- , and it 's obnoxiously loud.No , you ca n't turn the sound off , but I was able to take it apart and cut the wire to the noisemaker inside . That helped tremendously . Now my son can run this all day if he wants to , and my ears do n't bleed anymore .
 This toy makes the most annoying chirping/squeaking penguin sound when turned on . You ca n't turn the sound off . So it makes the annoyance factor of this toy very high.That aside , this toy consists of three little plastic penguins ` climb ' a staircase , then slide down the slide and end up at the stairs again to repeat the process ... over and over and over and over again . There are only so many times you can watch this before it gets old . Even kids get bored eventually . Mine has more fun just playing with the penguins separately . I am amazed none have gotten lost yet as they are only 2 inches tall if that.This toy does n't have much going for it in my book . It is n't educational and it does n't inspire much creative play , plus the annoying sounds it makes are enough to make one go batty . There is n't much you can do with it . The penguins are cute I guess , but I think you could find a better toy .
 I ordered this for my sister since this is the game we used to play with all the time as kids for christmas . When I got it , I saw it was n't the original but Penguin Race 2 . I ordered this because the picture shows it is the first one and that is what we used to play with . I ca n't even return it if I wanted to because I 'm not even in the states anymore . I am disappointed with this product since it was n't what I ordered and expected
 My 6 year old daughter desperately wanted this toy from the minute she saw it in Victoria when we were on vacation . We did n't let her get it then because it was so loud and annoying , so my daughter said , `` that 's okay . Santa will get it for me . '' She was right ; Santa did get it for her . It was what she wanted most , but after playing with it for a few minutes , she decided that it is kind of boring -LRB- even though she still likes it -RRB- . There 's nothing for kids to do with it other than just watch the penguins climb the stairs -LRB- which is a very loud process -RRB- and then slide down the slide , and then repeat over and over . It is not interactive at all . For parents , it 's very annoying because all you hear is a loud `` click-click-click '' over and over -LRB- it 's the noise the stairs make -RRB- and it does n't stop until you turn it off . Overall , it brought much joy to my daughter and reaffirmed her belief in Santa -LRB- because he got her a toy mommy and daddy did n't want her to get -RRB- , but as I thought , it 's very annoying and I 'd love for it to disappear in the middle of the night or `` accidentally '' break .
 The angles of the tracks on this toy are not steep enough for the penguins to roll by themselves . You have to babysit them i.e. push them along , to keep them rolling . Horrrible product and does not perform as described .
 Through all the `` Designed by a Colorado sledmaker , crafted entirely by hand '' and `` heirloom '' talk , they failed to mention these are Made in China . Nothing Made in China is an heirloom , unless it 's from the Ming Dynasty .
 Just recieved the Mountain Boy 52 '' sled for a special event . Should have listened to the reviews here . The packaging from Amazon was so poor that the sled arrived broken . But I decided to fix . Then discovered tthat like many others have said beware the center pivot screw . It had already rattled apart in shipping . Still not willing to give in I took the sled apart and repaired the center screw . Then when it came time to assemble the steering arm discovered that two of the three needed screws were missing . Thought , OK I 'm a machinist and can deal with this . Checked the threads and discovered they were metric . Went to hardware store and purchased the correct replacement screws . Then discovered that the holes had been drilled in the incorrect place and needed to drill new screw holes in the steering arm . So now I have a sled with a broken side rail and three extra drilled holes in the steering arm . Tomorrow going sledding and we 'll see what else can go wrong . When Mountain Boy says that this sled is designed to be passed from one generation to another they mean as long as it is hanging on a wall as a decoration !!!!
 The sled we got for Christmas lasted two runs . Then the front part fell off and something started rattling inside the plastic cover under the front section . Disassembly showed that it was a washer and the nut that held steering section to the bolt . You can see the head of the bolt on top of the rear section . The nut and washer are under the plastic cover.The nut is a stop nut with a nylon insert to hold it place once it is tightened . However , the nylon insert never engaged with the bolt . There was no thread cut into it . Further analysis showed that it could never have engaged because the section of the bolt that stuck out of the board was too short by at least 1/8 '' . It is not clear why that section was too short , either the bolt is too short by design or the head is not countersunk properly.The steering section of this sled is fairly heavy and if it comes loose unexpectedly , it can cause serious injury to anyone riding the sled . My friends and I were lucky , but I recommend that any owner of this sled check the nut . If the nylon ring does not fully engage with the bolt , send the sled back or demand a longer bolt.A note about < heirloom > quality -LRB- I do not know if the manufacturer claims this or just reviewers -RRB- : Having the threaded section of a bolt pass through anything as a pivot pin causes excessive wear and disqualifies the item as heirloom . It will last at best one busy season . The correct bolt type to use is a shoulder bolt , but the mountain boys may be too cheap for that .
 The top steering portion came off on the first day of use . The screw is exposed and we can hear the rattling under the plastic cover that presumably is the nut . Very disappointing for an expensive sled . Will definitely return this product .
 The sled is beautiful , but super heavy , and not durableWe bought it thinking it was an heirloom type toy -- one that the kids could enjoy now and it would become part of our family traditions . Two years later -LRB- beginning of the third season of use -RRB- the deck completely cracked into several pieces.The first year AND THE SECOND YEAR the handle completely broke in two , but we made a new handle out of plywood each time and considered it good as new . With the deck split , a repair is more like a total rebuild and I do n't see it being worth our time . Considering that a season for us is measured in weeks , not months , this is not a good deal.We also have another Mountain Boy Sledworks sled that despite being kept inside during and after the season the finish has completely puckered/chipped off -- not just the polyurethane finish , but the actual top layer of the plywood . So much for being a conversation piece.I would have written a different review last year , but for the money , this is really junk . We really liked the way the sled looked , and even though it was heavy it was fun to use something so substantial and handsome , but we will not be buying another Mountain Boy Sledworks sled to replace either of ours.This year we bought cheap Snow Boogie sleds by Wham-O and those are holding up really well , are lightweight , easy to use , super fast , and are n't so expensive we will be disappointed when they fail .
 The sled looks really cool on the pictures but they are a little deceiving . The craftsmanship of the product was subpar and had many flaws including
 I recommend you do NOT do business with this company . I bought the sled for my son for Christams . I was thrilled to see they even included a screwdriver so that one can easily put the handle in . That 's until I found the thing was not prooperly drilled . The holes simply do n't line up . I guess this is a problem . They include a note telling you to go ahead and drill your own holes . Next time , I 'll provide the screwdriver if they properly drill the handle . You can imagine how much fun it 's going to be to ship this thing back .
 This sled is not what it pretends to be . It 's poorly made in China and not worth the money . The side grab rails are downright dangerous ; they are too narrow and can trap and break fingers . Top of wood is super slippery - good luck staying on it if you do n't add sticky tape or something . The only reason to buy this sled is if you plan to sled on loose snow , which does n't really work out anyhow .
 This sled made a beautiful addition to our Christmas morning , but by Christmas afternoon the back had come un-attached . Fortunately my kids also received Swiss Army knives for Christmas and we unscrewed the top part and reattached the back half , but it only stays attached for a few times down the hill , even after going home and reattaching it with the proper tools.The few times it works are lots of fun , but not worth having to cut short our sledding adventures each time . If there were some sort of fix that would keep the two pieces bolted together even while steering , I 'd change my rating in a heartbeat to five stars because it races down hill in both powdery and packed snow , but seeing my kids fall apart because they are only going to be able to sled down hill a couple of times after spending 45 minutes packing into our snow gear is too much hassle for me.We found the handle easy to attach and were grateful for the included screwdriver , which would have been hard to locate in the midst of Christmas Eve chaos - just wish the sled stayed together .
 The holes did n't line up to mount the steering bar . Might be acceptable on a 20 dollar sled but a 100 dollar sled . Get the quality right . Back it goes .
 I received the sled and immediately found out the handle holes do n't line up . The instructions invite me to drill new ones if this happens . What ?! They knowingly accept this defect ? What else ? I 'm handy and have the tools , but am not going to bite . This junk is going back at their expense .
 this dvd player has been replaced twice by the seller and the product still does not function , I have been unable to contact the manufacturer to get it fixed . A search on the net only reveals old information . Probably out of business or bought out by some other company . Please do n't waste your money , purchase a different product from a known reputable manufacturer .
 I bought this for my daughters Christmas . The both showed up broken and inoperable . There was no reply when trying to get the product fixed .
 My son has had this toy for about a month now . As soon as the show debuted he wanted this . I have to say that for the most part it sits in the house with no play time . I think that is because there is nothing really to this toy . The sound quality is AWFUL . The volume is so low you can barely hear the phrases . It is supposed to turn into a wand but as another reviewer stated this has to be done manually and not by the push of a button . Also it looks like the end of the wand should light up , but NO it is just clear plastic . With all the other electronic toys out there and what they show on the TV series Bandai could have made this item have a few more features . I guess you get what you pay for and with this toy not very much .
 We found it funny that this review asked us `` How durable is this toy ? `` The durability is great -- we threw it against the wall , and there was n't even a scratch on it . `` A Christmas Story '' game is the Hindenburg of board games . `` Oh the humanity . `` My girlfriend and I spent an hour trying to understand the directions and laughing at the typos . The game makes no sense . The leg lamp pieces tip over way too easily -LRB- like if you breathe on them or look at them -RRB- . And the questions themselves -- they were so hard they could have been in Latin for all we cared.Like others who have commented about this lousy excuse for home entertainment , we thought the misunderstanding was on our end . It was not.After slogging through the first two pages of incomprehensible directions , I actually thought the game was a joke , like an April Fools Day prank . It was not.Luckily , we purchased the game for $ 1 at a garage sale . We overpaid.Next time , I hope `` A Christmas Story '' board game manufacturers think twice before nearly ruining our favorite holiday movie .
 My new favorite holiday tradition is reading Tue reviews of this awful board game because some are hilarious . Between 4 adults , 3 of whom have post graduate degrees , we could not understand the rules of the game . I challenge someone to write a PhD thesis on this topic . But instead , just get drunk and read reviews . You 're probably reading this because you already bought . Hopefully not for full retail price .
 This is quite possibly the worst board game of all time . I bought it for $ 1 at a Goodwill store . It was in like new condition . Once I had it , it was obvious why it was n't played much , if at all . And once I tried playing it , I wish I had my dollar back . This is a cute looking game . However , it is a terrible game to play . It is just plain bad .
 While I absolutely love the movie - this game sucked big time . If you buy it for just the novelty of it great . If you want to play the game do n't bother .
 My family is pretty into this movie - We 've got the leg lamps , ornaments , shirts , PJ 's , you name it - we got it . So wqhen I saw this board game I knew it would be perfect for my husband - He received the pink bunny PJS the year before . When the game came it was low quality and very boring to play . The actual rules and game set up were far too complicated and we ended up playing our own way . If it were n't for the bizarre set up this may have ranked higher from us but it just did n't deliver . next time I will pony up more money for a better quality game . Oh - and the questions were either too easay or freakishly hard . Not a lot of gray area for normal people -LRB- People who only watch this movie at christmas as opposed to year round such as my family full of uber fans -RRB- !
 Like others have said , this has got to be the worst board game ever produced , and if I could give it 0 stars , I would . We were flabbergasted when we opened the cute shiny box to discover the longest , most complicated instructions we 'd ever seen . My theory is that they let an intern make it , who then decided to cram every board game element possible into this one game . There are two different decks , two different sets of tokens -LRB- the `` Player Tokens '' and the `` Scoring Tokens , '' though they never tell you which is which -RRB- , two completely different paths on the board ... Here is an actual quote from the directions : `` To move down the sidewalk , players discard one card and move as many spaces as the number on the card . However , cards printed with a ' 1 ' will move a player ' 2 ' spaces if played in this manner . If a player does not wish to discard a card to move on the sidewalk , they may move one space only '' ... WHAT ? The whole four pages are like this . You know the directions are bad when they have to give you plenty of examples of what to do when different combinations of plays are made.The leg lamp tokens , while cute , tip over constantly , there are n't nearly enough questions -LRB- and many of them are written too poorly to understand -RRB- and I highly doubt anyone has ever made it through an entire game since it appears it will take about three years.I did give it two stars for fun because we got a pretty good laugh about how awful it is , and two stars for durability since it will never get played again , let alone enough to wear it out . But just thinking about this game and trying to describe it is making me need a cocktail .
 This is the worst rip-off of a game made off a such a wonderful movie . If you could get through being able to understands the horrific instructions , you would then identify how terrible the game is . It was just slapped together sponging off the movie . This game is going in the trash as it 's not worth the space in my house . Many other reviews go into more detail how bad this game really is.Luckily is was bought in a discount store for $ 2.49 -LRB- yes two dollars and 49 cents -RRB- - which was $ 2.49 too much .
 This toy arrived sealed and was supposedly new ; however , it was missing the directions . When we tried to find the directions on line , we found that it was probably better that they were missing because it is a difficult game and the directions are apparently 3 pages long . In looking at the pieces and playing cards that come with it , it appears that this will be a very difficult game , one that seems like it wo n't be much fun . I bought the game as a birthday present for someone who is a huge fan of the film . For an avid fan , it 's an interesting piece of memorabilia , so it 's not a total loss . However , it would have been nice if we could have played the game as well .
 Great idea , everyone in the family was looking forward to playing this game . After an hour of trying to understand the instructions , we just made up our own rules . So , unfortunately , it is questionable if we will ever open the box again .
 As a family , we were looking forward to playing this game together . As I began to read the four pages of rules , I started to get confused . I reread the rules and still did n't understand them . We ended up making up our own rules to follow and played . We soon ran out of trivia questions . I do n't recommend anyone buy this game . Very disappointing .
 I just wanted to add my voice to the chorus of bad reviews to hopefully help hammer home the point to other consumers that they SHOULD NOT buy this game . The instructions are absolutely impossible to decipher , the layout of the board is bizarre ... it 's just a train wreck . The designer must have been a mental patient . All of the other reviewers who said the manufacturers must never have play-tested the game are definitely right . Whomever controls the rights to `` A Christmas Story '' should be genuinely peeved at this blight on their brand name , and should never have allowed this unplayable mess to hit the stores . Five minutes with this game and there 's no question that it 's nothing more than garbage churned out without even the merest effort at quality , mass-produced and relying wholly on the `` Christmas Story '' name to sell it.Another point that I noticed no one made is that the instructions repeatedly refer to `` Home '' on the game board , although on the actual board , it 's labeled `` Ralphie 's House . '' And there 's no clear instruction on how to proceed from one phase of the game to the next . My wife and I gave up after a few minutes of trying to make sense of it . You ca n't even use the cards to quiz yourselves for much entertainment , because there are so few questions . A frustrating endeavor to say the least .
 I received this as a gift last year and like most others here , gave up on the novel of directions -LRB- as did the 5 other adults who were playing with us -RRB- . There really is no point to the game that we could tell ... we made up our own rules , had fun playing it and will play it every year - no peeking at questions and no studying beforehand ! If you buy this , just know that you have to be a rocket scientist to figure out the directions ... . and then maybe not !
 First off , it was a gift from my wife . She is CRUSHED that the game is an impossibility to play . I challenge most people to decipher the directions in one day and be even close to playing one game successfully.Instructions are cryptic at best . Ages 8 and above ??? Are you kidding me ? After 2 hours of intense examination , we gave up . How the heck are you supposed to score ? Object of the game ??? The lamp game pieces will remain standing about 2.113 seconds before they fall over . The game cards are thinner than most playing cards -LRB- they are actually about twice as thick as a sheet of paper -RRB- . The other game pieces are nothing more than a stamped out piece of cardboard.Did anyone notice that the faces of most of the characters on the game board are blurred out ? I guess they did n't sign the release or they did n't want to be associated with this puzzling torture `` game '' . Save your $ 20 - $ 30 . Spend about $ 5 on UNO cards and the other $ 15 on some excellent beer . JUNK JUNK JUNK.TO THE THRIFT STORE !!!
 O.K. . . whew !!! After buying the game and having a group of 5 adults ... all hardcore A Christmas Story movie fans -LRB- and all well-educated i might add -RRB- pass the directions back and forth back trying to figure out how in tarnation this game is played to no avail , I can breathe a sigh of relief . It was n't just us !! We all ended up in a fit of hysterics because not one among us could decipher the 4-page instruction booklet well enough to even try to start this game . Well ... strike that ... we DID start it , and then after about 5 minutes , and after sending someone to ` The Alley ' , we realized that we had no clue how to proceed . It was late , and we figured we were just overly-tired to figure out what was OBVIOUSLY an easy game since it was for ages 8 and up ... so we decided to sleep on it , try again in the morning . Yeah ... no such luck . Even after a good nights sleep , it STILL is like reading Latin.I can now rest easy knowing that we 're not a group of total idiots . Shooting your eye out would be easier than playing this game .
 First , I do n't understand why the price listed here is so high . The manufacture date on mine is 6/2009 , so it 's not an old discontinued game . I bought mine today at a local drug store for $ 19.99 . Anyway , I did n't know this game existed until I saw it on the shelf in the store today . Like everyone else here , I bought the game because I -LRB- and my kids -RRB- love the movie , so I thought it would be fun to play . I 'm a big fan of board games , so I 'm no beginner at learning new games . The quality of manufacture seems to be very good . Which is surprising considering they did n't seem to put any effort at all into testing the game by letting people unfamiliar with it read and interpret the directions . I could make no sense of it at all . The directions follow no logical order and do n't do even a mediocre job of explaining game play . I went over it several times , thinking I was just missing something , but to no avail . I think I 'd have better luck trying to figure out a Space Shuttle operator 's manual an hour before lift-off . I finally came to Amazon to read the reviews and see what other people had to say about this game . I was relieved to see I 'm not the idiot I was starting to think I was . Forget the `` 8 and up '' age recommendation . I would n't even recommend it for adults of any age , much less children.I ca n't comment on the game 's durability because I did n't own it long enough to find out . I got rid of it after owning it less than five hours.The only person I would recommend this game to is the collector of ' A Christmas Story ' memorabilia who simply wants to add another movie-related item to their collection . For everyone else who would like to actually play the game , all I can say is do n't waste your money .
 This is by far the worst board game I have ever purchased , I read the directions 6 times trying to figure it out to no avail . The rules are 4 pages long and make practically no sense . They obviously did not product test this item or it would never have made it onto the shelves . I wish you give items 0 stars . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME unless you are a collector and plan on leaving it in the plastic .
 I love the movie a Christmas Story and I had to have this game so I thought till I got it . We can not understand the directions I even had other people try to figure them out for us and they are impossible to understand . So I thought well we will just make a way to play it ourselves and that 's not even possible . What a joke ... I do like the box and game board with pictures from the movie but I would have never bought it for that . I only wished I had read the reviews before I bought it . Maybe this will save someone else ...
 I , too , was totally frustrated with the un-playable rules that came with the `` Christmas Story '' game . I have , therefore , come up with a set of alternate rules to play by . They may not be the best rules , but at least the game can be played and enjoyed . If you would care to have these alternate rules , email me at albracht@consolidated.net and I will email you the rules free of charge . I just want you to enjoy the game as much as it should be enjoyed -- as much as the movie is enjoyed.Bob
 I ordered this game for my family to play on Christmas since we all have watched the movie for years . I even ordered a night light leg lamp for the winner . -LRB- a major award ! -RRB- I was so confused by the directions that I went online to see if anyone else had figured it out . Dang ! Why did n't I read the reviews before I bought the game . It would of saved me almost $ 40 -LRB- including the prize -RRB- . I did manage to come up with ideas for my own rules from other posters but am disappointed that after one time playing , we will be out of questions . Do n't waste your money on this game !!
 A Christmas Story - The Board GameI have to agree with everyone , SAVE YOUR MONEY ! I wish I had read the reviews before buying this game . I bought it for my husband 's birthday because he 's such a big fan of the show . We opened it to play , and could n't understand any of the four pages of directions ! I thought it was just us until I read the other reviews . Even if we could understand them , after playing once or twice you would know all the answers with the VERY small deck of playing cards . Why would you only put 36 cards in a game like this ? Someone really did n't know what they were doing when they made this game . Apparently they did n't plan to sell many or they would have made it easier to understand , had a lot more than 36 cards and made the tokens where they actually stood up . We still have no idea how to play the game , and even if we figure it out by the time we play it a couple of times we will know all the questions . What a rip off ! Actually a rating of one star is too much !
 `` A Christmas Story
 This game should be fun but the directions of how to play are so confusing , badly written and organized , and so complicated that it is difficult to teach others how to play . After explaining it you start to sound like Ralphie 's Dad battling the furnace.The game pieces and board are cute . The game looks better on the shelf as a collectors item than as an acutal playable game .
 I bought this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend because this is one of his favorite movies of all times ! We opened it on Christmas Day to play it and started to read the directions -LRB- which is in fact 4 pages -RRB- After reading the first page of directions I felt stupid because I was n't understanding them at all . I looked online to read the reviews to see if maybe we were stupid by not understanding the rules for this game , but it turns out we are n't stupid , the creators of the game were ! It seems they did n't even bother test out the rules to make sure they work . Overall , this was a huge disappointment and a waste of $ 30 . Do n't bother to purchase this game , enjoy the movie and the memories that you , your friends and family get from A Christmas Story .
 I have wanted to purchase this game since last Christmas , but never got around to it . I recently won a gift certificate to a web-store , and decided to use some of it to get the game . I 'm glad I did n't spend any money on it.When I opened the box , I was impressed with the high quality game board and plastic leg lamp tokens . True , it is difficult to keep them standing , but they are nicely detailed . The graphics are nice and bright and the cards feel pretty durable . My joy was lost , however , when I began reading the instructions . It made no sense to me or my Girlfriend . We tried playing once with their rules , but it went nowhere . We quickly decided to ditch the instructions and come up with our own simplified version . So here is how we play : First off , set aside the colored cardboard tokens . You wo n't be needing them.Place the two decks of cards in the center of the game board within reach of all players . Make sure they are shuffled extremely well , or the game will be frustrating . Like the rules say , we let the youngest player go first.Choose a colored leg lamp token and place it at the top of the board at the number 1 space . This is the space that looks like a Christmas light . The object will be to get around all 60 spaces first while answering questions along the way.Pick a card from the Christmas ornament shaped deck . The number on the card will be the number of spaces moved if you answer a question correctly . The other player will pick a card for you from the question deck . If there is a picture of a child 's toy on your ornament card -LRB- the tank , fire engine , decoder pin , etc -RRB- you will answer question 1 . If there is an adult item -LRB- bowling ball , etc -RRB- read question 2 . If a picture of a kid is on your card , read question 3 . Picking the Pink bunny suit or the Scut Farkas card will result in losing a turn.Example - On my turn , I pick up an ornament card with a picture of Ralphie and the number 4 . The other player then picks a question card and reads me question 3 -LRB- because there is a kid on my card -RRB- . If I answer correctly , I move my leg lamp token around the board 4 spaces . If I answer incorrectly , I do n't move . The cards are placed on the bottom of the deck when finished with each turn.If the other player picks a life lesson card , they hold it and pull the next card . If I answer my question correctly , they then ask the life lesson question . If that is answered correctly , I get to move an extra space . This continues until the first person reaches space 60 . This may sound just as complicated , but it 's not . Even with these rules , the questions do repeat quite a bit and game play gets old . It 's fun for a while , especially if you ask the other players to imitate the movie characters when answering . There can be many variations on the game play . I am just listing one possible example . So not all is lost , we can get some fun out of this game after all .
 This game is cited as being for ages 8 and up ... All I can say is a group of honors high school students , honors college students , and adults with college and master 's degrees had trouble with this game . We are huge fans of the movie the game is based upon , hence the purchase , but the game 's creators have tried to incorporate too much and made the game near impossible to play , let alone score points and win . For visual value , the game looks great and created a lot of conversation . The leg lamp game pieces were problematic , as they tip easily - actually , maybe an 8 year old would not have been bothered by that ...
 I thought this would be more of a Trivial Pursuit game , but found it to be more like Chutes and Ladders from Hell . The rules of the game are long and tedious , and it took us a bit to even figure out how to move around the board . We tried making up our own rules and even then , everyone lost interest so we packed it up and shoved it into the closet to re-gift next year to someone far more intelligent than we are .
 My family loves this movie ! We wore out a VHS and we are now working on the DVD , so we were very excited about plying this game on Christmas Eve . There were six of us , the youngest being 17 and so given the box said `` 8 and up '' there should be no problem . WRONG ! The instruction were horrible , the game board confusing , the game pieces would not stand up and the results were so bad it was laughable . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU PLAN ON PLAYING IT ! Seriously the instructions were so bad and the game was so confusing , we spent two hours -LRB- six of us -RRB- trying to see if we had overlooked the obvious . It is impossible to play and the frustration is too overwhelming . If you bought this and have not yet opened it , take it back . This game should seriously be recalled , because it is not a game .
 We LOVE the Christmas Story and were THRILLED to find this trivia game ! That said , our experience went downhill once the game was opened . First off ... all the characters on the board have ` blurred ' out faces with the exception of Ralphie . -LRB- is this some sort of copyright infraction -RRB- ? Next come the horrendously confusing directions !! Do this , do that , go here . . or if you dont choose this , dont do that do this instead ... blah blah blah . Our heads were spinning trying to decipher what kind of game play this would be like if we followed this nonsense !! We opted for our own version ... which involved picking the cards ... deciding which dare we chose , and then based on that choice , we would move the number on the dice as they were for a single dare , we would double the amount moved for a double dog dare , and we would triple the amount for a triple dog dare ! If you didnt answer correctly ... of course you went nowhere on a single dare , but if you didnt answer correctly on the double or triple ... you moved backwards that number of spaces . We used the flat tokens to advance ... and the leg lamps would be our foolish reward if we made it to the end . No one did ! We set a one hour game play and werent even close to finishing . Some of the questions are quite tough ... but it was entertaining . I just wish the original directions were as exciting as the game looked !
 For a family that loves games and the moving this game was a huge buzz kill ! We never got through the direction to figure out what the heck we ere even supposed to do . It is a great idea , but horribly done .
 This game is the worst I have seen in years . The FOUR PAGE instructions are on 8.5 x 11 paper . We gave up on the game AND the game pieces that would not stand up . We ended up just moving the pieces around the board asking each other trivia . We are going to use the board and print out our own trivia questions . It will be a better game . They should have had REAL Christmas Story Lovers to come up this game ...
 As true fans of the movie ... we were all very disappointed in the game . I would not recommend anyone buy it . The manufacturers should rethink it .
 A Christmas Story - The board Game seemed like the perfect gift for my father , as we watch the show yearly as a Christmas tradition and even last year ventured to the new display house where the movie was filmed in Cleveland ... HOW DISSAPPOINTED WE WERE when we started reading the directions -LRB- can you honestly call them that -RRB- , we later found out we were missing a page from the sealed box , yet the basic gameplay info made no sense ... the leg lamp pieces were WORTHLESS , as we had to stand them upside down to keep them from tipping over and the only reason we used them or the board at all was for the pathetic 90 or so questions that we just asked each other and made up a way to advance along the board ourselves . I have decided I am taking my knowledge of the movie and going to create new rules , use the board given and make a game worth playing as a family next year . Merry Christmas Dad , next year when you get my real gift ... a game board worth playing ... Thanks to who ever created such a horrible game that had so much promise from the discription on the box ... keep this game on the shelf or see me next year at Christmas for directions that make sense and more than 90 questions on one of the best movies out at Christmas .
 We were very excited to play this game after our Thanksgiving dinner . The rules and object of the game seemed somewhat confusing with many unnessary steps . We decided to make our own game using their questions . As it says on the box , it 's better to play after you just watched the movie . We thought we were pros . re . this movie , but believe me , the questions are tough . I think we were expecting more of a `` Christmas Story Trivia Persuit-type game , which would have be much more enjoyable .
 Very disappointed in this game . The rules are hard to understand and there are not enough questions .
 This would have been a cool idea but whoever came up with this game got WAY to into it ! The directions are 4 pages long and VERY unclear . Do n't buy it !
 When I bought this product , I was expecting to be able to use it for more than just standing there , but all of the articulation and joints are wasted by a poor overall product . In the package , the toy looked amazing , just waiting for me to open it , and get my hands on it . The excitement built a bit , but once I untied it from the plastic bindings and grabbed it for the first time I knew something was wrong , very , very wrong ! His arms were left in the package . It made no sense , I took it out so carefully , what had happened?Well it turns out that the developers did n't make the product like any action figure i had seen in the past . When I was younger , if an arm ever fell off one of my action figures , it could be popped/snapped back onto the ball joint that connects to the rest of the figure . This and the other `` Dragonball Z Bandai Hybrid Action Mega Articulated Action '' figures do not have ball joints that pop in and stay locked on . What they have is a peg with no size variants and nothing to hold it in , except the loose hole they originally fit into . So , in other words , these toys are going to fall apart all the time . No need for rough play here , just a tug and both his arms can come out.This was by far the funniest action figure of the fall-apart-fest for these specific toys . I took him out of the box and both of his arms were still stuck in the box . After pulling them out and putting them back on , I noticed these pegs were wide , but so short that even regular arm movement disconnected his arms from his body . While I was trying to keep his arms in I noticed his legs were really loose . Within five minutes of him being open his whole body was in pieces -LRB- the only two that stay connected were his head and part of his upper body -RRB- . His wings do n't stay on well at all either.Unless you plan to keep this in the box or on the included stand , I do not recommend this product at all .
 I do not Reccommend This Figure At All ... First of All When I first Opened the Blister to Take Cell Out I was Expecting something Great Because He had also Arrived With Vegeta ... Vegeta Looks and Performs Rather Well Despite his Right arm Popping off Every Once in awhile ... But Cell 's Right Arm Was Already Damaged Before I even took it out ! The Peg Holding his Arm had been Snapped in Half ... The Other Half was still inside the Figure ... I Made the Effort to E-mail and See if They 'll At Least Send me a Replacement Because Like I said ... He is n't Much Used to Me Broken Like this ... I do hope They Will Send me the New One ... Because this Really Hurts ... Only The Second time I 've Ever Bought anything from Amazon.com and It 's been partly Ruined From a Defective Figurine Broken Before I even got it out of the Blister ... How Sad is that ?
 We ordered several dragonball z toys ; however , this one arm keeps coming off . This one is poorly made . We hope to exchange for another .
 they are not shipping the real action figure they are shipping cheap snap together model kits that you have to paint and can be bought for 5 $ in a store
 This toy is designed so poorly that my engineer father-in-law could not complete the assembly . Quality is awful including mis-aligned parts , missing parts and a non-working engine . Just to get a working engine to function , one has to go through a complex download procedure . Directions are horrible and use no words - only pictures . The partially working robot shows no promise of fun . Wish I had info from a review before this purchase . On top of it all , the 7 + age recommendation is off by about 12 years . Do n't buy this toy .
 After three frustrating days , my son and I were only able to build two leg sections of the `` robot '' . The instructions are `` 3-D '' pictures that are very confusing . The unfinished kit has remained untouched for the past three months . What a waste of $ 120 ! I challenge the company that makes this overpriced pile of plastic to find a child -LRB- for ages 7 + -RRB- who could even begin to put it together . Solving a Rubik 's cube with a blindfold on would be easier than building this toy . Unless you really enjoy doing 900 piece 3-D puzzles , do NOT buy this product .
 garbage the worst one i ever got save ur money :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- : -LRB-
 with all due respect , this toy has limited articulation , the sword broke and the noxious paint fumes linger for days .
 I had just learned my 7 year old grandson wanted the Hogwarts Castle for Christmas . I usually order from Amazon where I normally get better deals than at Walmart . NOT SO with this . Do n't understand how they can allow a seller to charge over $ 500 for this . Amazon , you should be ashamed . Ordered directly from Lego for $ 129 .
 This was pretty much frustrating for me to get back together ! My son never could figure it out ! Very expensive !
 Heh , look . This APPEARS to be awesome . Overall -LRB- once you get it together -RRB- it is pretty neat . Yes , it has awesome details . His wings move , his head moves from side to side , his eyes light up and the song plays and he tries to move his arms . We found that they seemed ` limited ' but could n't figure out why . ** We had a VERY hard time just taking him out of the box . ** -LRB- Must be a ` toy removal degree ' somewhere that is reqired these days -RRB- . But seriously we completely agree that the ARMS are incredibly hard to put on . AND yes that IS what makes the ` robot ' work . Then getting it ` transformed ' took a very long time . Car mode is fun with the screeching sounds . But pushing it around scared us after taking so long to put it together ! Parts are more resiliant than I thought they would be , but still it is very confusing . Again , I agree that it is for a dresser top or desk , which to us is n't worth all the time it took . I would hope that once you get use to changing it back and forth , that it would be come easier to perform . Good luck . Ours is going back . Too much $ $ for very little fun . We are going with the ` stomp ` in ' one and the little one that transforms .
 My son wanted this item for his 6th b ` day , so of course we bought it . It was late and when we finally got it , I was so disappointed !!! The advertising for this figure made it look so easy to transform . It was NOT easy , I had to wait until my husband , who is an engineer , to get home to help me transform it , and he could n't even do it . This toy is surely not for young children and not worth the money . We have returned this item and I will not purchase another one until my son is much older . I do not know how single mom 's would ever figure out how to help their sons work this toy . The toy looks nice and would be a good gift for an older boy or man who collects transformers .
 Purchased this for my grandson , he is a transformer FAN . Even with simply drawn outline instructions for the transformations , three adults could n't figure it out . The last that I saw the toy , the grandson was just sitting there pushing the noise button , which I admit the sounds are cool .
 This was the highlight of `` Santa 's '' shipment . My son almost cried with excitement when he saw this . It is a VERY impressive looking toy , but it is so hard to transform , that Bumblebee has sat on a shelf as a display since December . The only crying my son was doing after he opened it was out of frustration . Out of curiosity , my husband put it together as `` fast '' as he could - 30 minutes . Seriously . I do n't know who designed this for kids . I do n't recommend this unless you are going to use it as a display like we did . It is very well made and neat looking though ...
 This product is one of the most difficult and annoying toys my son owns . It is very difficult to transform and it takes a lot of patience to transform this from car to robot or vice versa . If you prefer your sanity leave this item on the shelf . It is very frustrating ...
 I bought two of these Toys for last Christmas for my 9 year old and 7 year old sons . It was really cool at first when we transformed it into car mode , but it kept falling apart in the middle section of the car . Seemed very delicate ! I was not to thrilled with this . Once we transformed it into Robot mode we were even more dissatisfied for it did not work properly . The wings did not move correctly , nor did the arms . They were trying to move , but the parts inside were missing a connection with each other so it only made continuous clicking sounds . The only things that did work properly were the sounds and lights.Transforming from car mode to robot mode was actually quite easy for we know there was a website on transformers.com that showed you step by step transforming for the toy in video made , so we could play and pause as we went . My 7 year old son was able to transform it.Unfortunately we purchased the toys off of Ebay since they were sold out and impossible to find anywhere else . What a huge mistake that was . The seller would not allow us to return them because they were opened . It did not matter that they were defective . Warning to all - Do not buy expensive items off Ebay !!! So , 240.00 later , we have two toys that never worked that sit in the corner collecting dust . Waste of Money !
 This was NOT the easiest toy to transform . Took Dad 45 minutes to transform from Robot to vehicle and it does not stay too securely . Fun noises and music . Has not been back to a robot since Dec. 26th . Directions need to be framed !
 Unfortunately , we bought this $ 90 toy for our son for Christmas . It took over 30 minutes to figure out how to transform it into a car the first time ! I 've gotten quicker , but forget about having any child under the age of 12 doing it . Not only is it WAY too complicated , but you must have strong hands just to unsnap all of it 's parts ! I never thought I 'd look forward to such an expensive toy getting broken or lost !!!
 I got this toy for my 11 yr old son as a Christmas gift . This is not a toy ! I gave up on trying to `` transform '' the thing from the robot to the car after about an hour . My sister took up the task and got it done in about 4 hours ! well mostly done because we never could get the doors to close all the way to hear all the great car sounds it makes . Then we boldly take on trying to transform it back to robot mode which I finally managed to get done about 30 minutes ago ... the next day !!! The arms are extremely hard to get and stay in place which makes everything work . I 've finally been able to see just what he is supposed to do -LRB- which is pretty cool -RRB- but it 's entirely not worth the effort . This should be sold as a collector 's item and not a toy . The box actually has 5 + as the age range . I 'm 37 and my sister is 42 and it took 2 days . We also had a 29 year old male family member try it and he gave up after an hour !!! I love love love the transformers and Bumblebee . . but this has to go back to the store . And did I mention the directions are about 30 pictures with no instructions and actually tells you that once you get it in vehicle mode to just reverse the steps to change it back !!!
 I bought this transformer for my husbands 53rd birthday . He had a 2010 Chevy Camaro with the transformer package on order and I thought it would be a a great gift . He is an engineer , and it took him more that two hours to transform the toy from Bumblebee transformer to Bumblebee Camaro . It was very difficult to transform . He said he would not transform it back to the transformer due to the length of time involved to transform it . I would not recommed this toy for a child . It is more of a conversation piece to sit on a shelf and admire .
 Parents be advised . I just got this thing today for my son 's 7th birthday - he 's a huge transformers fan and can transform any one he has quickly . He completely gave up in utter frustration - the booklet indicates something like 30 steps to go from robot to car mode - so it was daddy 's turn to try - the thing just will NOT snap together perfectly - the arms , etc do not go into the car at all , let alone easily - roughly 2 hours later it was Mom 'd turn because I was seriously stressed - she gave up after trying really really hard so it was DAddy 's turn again - and then Mommy 's - and then Daddy 's until the whole day got away from us - all this while a 7 year old waited as patiently as he could for it to be a car . WE came SO CLOSE to getting it before we had to admit that ti just did n't snap together perfectly - not to mention that there was no way we were going to let him EVER put it in Robot mode again so what 's the point?Yes , it 's really really cool and the lights , etc. . are bright and it never felt like we were in danger of breaking it during all of this so it gets high marks for it 's durability but this one is going back - I told my son he could have as many other transformers as he wanted to make up fo the disappointment - and I got this one at a great price from Costco -LRB- $ 70.00 -RRB- I would have ben so much more pissed if I spent the hundred it was originally advertised at - expect this thing to bottom out in the 50 dolalr range as we get closer to Christmas . There will be A LOT of returns after the holidays .
 I brought this toy in Oct07 , here are my comments : Likeness of the toy to movie
 Do n't waste your money on this . We purchased this toy for our son for Christmas . It is impossible for even my husband to transform it perfectly and therefore it does not work properly . It takes 20-25 minutes to transform and then it continually pops out if you play with it . We paid -LSB- ... -RSB- so do n't spend an additional -LSB- ... -RSB- at the now generally advertised price of -LSB- ... -RSB- . It 's definitely not worth it .
 I thought I was purchasing a remote controlled Transformer . My cousins little boy had one like that . This is very hard to transform and my son , who is six , is unable and not patient enough to do it . I had to visit a nephew in his late 20 's who used to play with transformers and have him transform it into a car . I have strongly discouraged my son from trying to transform it again . It is rated for ages 5 + and over . I was ready to bury it in the garbage can and I was yelling at Santa Christmas morning . Very expensive toy to not be able to use .
 This thing `` looks '' cool but is impossible to transform . Both my nephew and his cousin got them for Christmas and neither the kids nor their parents can reassemble it in either direction once starting to unhook things . Both are now relegated to the back of the closet never to be played with again . What a waste of money !
 I purchased this toy for my son who is within the age group advertised for this toy . It broke within the first two hours of play . I would like to return the toy.Hasbro Transformers Ultimate Bumblebee Figure
 When I bought this new through Amazon I thought it would come with more than one character . It came with one little person - the driver . But what really disappointed me was that the wheels do not turn . It 's as if the wheels are too light to turn . It 's weird . Very disappointed ! Usually little people toys are good quality for the money . I would not recommend this bus .
 The School Bus was a little disappointing . You can pretend to get people on and off the bus and you can push on the driver to get a short audio response . My granddaughter tired of it quickly .
 my son would enjoy this more with more buttons and light and songs , it bores him easily
 This is certainly an excellent toy and I would highly recommend it - but not for the three-digit price listed . That is absolutely ridiculous . This is maybe a 30 dollar toy , max . Especially because it does not last that long . I love Gazillion Bubbles toys , but I am amazed at how expensive they are on here ! Buyer beware !
 This was disappointing . It tries to make very large bubbles . It worked almost fine on the first day but then not as good since then . The drip tray under the nozzle -LRB- as shown in the pic -RRB- does not work , bubbles still drip down and onto the floor . Is it not worth the price . More junk made in China .
 The boat goes about 1-2 mph and the truck goes about 3 mph.The boat and truck can go about 15 feet before it goes out of range.The toy is very small and I reccomend use for small pools and bathtubs because of it 's low range.One of the only good parts is that the directions say you recharge the power pack for 2 minutes and it lasts for 3-4 minutes , but it lasts for about 10 minutes after recharged and that it 's good for people who like mini stuff , but not for people who want speed from mini stuff.The remote control only works when it 's facing the vehicle.I reccomend you to buy something for a little more money that goes faster , is bigger and has a better range .
 You know the saying ... you get what you pay for ... well in this case you will pay alittle and get even less ! I am thankful that I gave it to my daughter & her friend as an early Christmas present and found out almost immediately that purchasing it was a mistake . I thought having a `` chager '' would reduce the need for batteries - but the charger operates on batteries . One good thing is it only take a few minutes to charge / bad thing is the charge only last for a few minutes .
 It seemed fun while it lasted . A child can charge it and switch the engine between boat and car . Even the short charge time was n't a big deal . BUT it broke in less than a day . I am still waiting for my return label .
 It did n`t work as soon as my son try to play with it , we change bateries and did n`t work anyway .
 Do not buy this action figure ! It is of a poor quality - Batman 's feet were not properly designed , and so the figure 's legs will warp and bend , making him unable to stand correctly.The Mattel Batman figures from the Batman line are much better , and properly constructed . So collect the rest of the Justice Leaguers , and get one of the two-packs for your Mattel Batman .
 The Car itself is fine . Amazon need to let people that it dose not come with the controler or the power source . It would be helpful to know what the item numbers are for these items . A seemingly reasonable priced RC Car now is very expensive .
 Nothing in the desciption of this r/c toy tells you that you have to buy the power module seperately . Let alone the model number you need . This is fine it you already have the power changers system , but if you were just looking to purchase a remote control vehicle with everthing included -LRB- controller and power supply -RRB- , this is not the car to buy !!!
 There are some good qualities to the blocks . The blocks are colorful and durable , although the clear plastic ones are not waterproof and can not be submerged for cleaning or bath time . The blocks stick together very well , although they are a bit too difficult to separate for my son . They work well only when aligned in one direction ; all the vehicles facing up or all facing down when stacking all 5 . If you have a combination of up and down they wo n't line up and fall over easily . Forget about trying to stack them on their sides because the plastic is too slippery . These may work out better once my son is older and understands that they should face one direction , but at 14 months he 's still having trouble . Regular wooden blocks work better for him to stack . Also , the blue plastic base is a good idea and adds stability when playing on a flat surface or rug . However , it 's a bit too small and is not stable if playing on more uneven surfaces .
 My 4yr old wasnt that thrilled after a couple of hours playing with this -LRB- and the Green Lantern figure I bought -RRB- . Why ? Because this Superman ... 1 . Is so stiff , it doesnt bend at the elbows and knees2 . Feels like the glued hard-rubber cape might fall off3 . Gets `` bald '' as the paint on its head and boots gets easily scratched away when it hits other toys4 . Is top-heavy and has a hard time standing on its ownSadly , I think that its only redeeming factor is its very good likeness to the cartoon . Little kids tend to play rough , specially when superheroes battle it out with supervillains . Perhaps this toy was meant to be displayed only , and not actively played by little hands ?
 I am glad JLA : TAS finally got a line . I was dissapointed at the fact that there were no villans . Also what in the heck is the deal with these stands . I do n't care what the letters spell . Why are the figures in a 4.5 '' scale ? Not even the first toy biz Marvel SuperHeroes were that small . To quote The Hurricane
 Unfortunately , the kids ca n't yet figure out how to put the ark back together as it has many pieces . My twins are just over 2 . They just abandoned it . Perhaps they 'll play with it later , but it just does n't work in the tub or the play area .
 The product looks so great on the web page ! I 've been looking for a fun toddler friendly -LRB- non cloth -RRB- Noah 's Ark.Perhaps legos are not the forte of this college honors grad - or I 'm of seriously lower than average intelligence , 'cause I could n't ' figure out how to put that darned thing back together.I could n't even get the 2-piece ark hull back together . ; -RRB-
 Elite Force makes some nice products , but this is n't one of them . The bendy arms do not allow for the posability like other figures . While the snarling teeth make for a cool look , the greenish tint of the head is really unnatural .
 This toy is more of a model . It is not for children . My son wanted an Osprey for his birthday and was so excited to open this . He was walking with it and fell down . The Osprey hit the ground and flew into a bunch of pieces . He was so sad and we felt so bad that it broke the day he got it just from falling . It 's not like he is 6 ' 2 '' or anything . He is a child so it did n't really go that far . As far as looking good on a shelf then it 's a good purchase .
 This toy is cool , but one drop and it falls apart and is not able to glue it back . If you are an adult , it is great , if you are a kid do n't but it .
 When we received the f-22 it was broken in the box . We have subsequently returned to the store and are awaiting either a refund or replacement . NOT for play , should only be for display .
 I purchased this doll for my one-year-old thinking that she could begin to work on her dexterity . In the on-line photo the doll is cute but when I got her I was vey disappointed . Not only is she not appealing but I probably could have made something better myself on my sewing machine . The snaps and buttons are difficult for even an adult . I will be returning this . My older daughter got a similar doll when she was one . We found it at Younkers and she is much cuter and more user friendly . I tried to find that one again but no luck so I settled . Poor choice .
 The doll was unstitched all the way down the back of it with stuffing coming out . I didnt want to go through the hassle of returning it so I sewed it up myself . Wasnt worth the money I spent on it . Should have cost about 10 dollars instead of 20 . very dissapointed !
 I thought you could dress and undress him too for learning ... not the case and his air is ORANGE and not like poto CHEAPLY MADE . My son wont touch it . : - -LRB-
 It 's so hard to find boy dolls , and I was very excited about getting this . As soon as I opened the box I was disappointed . This doll is just ugly . His hair is not brown as it appears to be in the photo , but orange . The biggest problem I have with it personally ... the doll is hunch backed . The face looks downwards because of the neck and back construction . I guess they were trying to make it so the doll sat up by making the back of the doll rounded out , but it does n't really achieve those results , and the doll just looks mishapen . The belly is flat , and the back is rounded.I 'm sure the quality is similiar to any other stuffed animal . Given to a small child 1 or 2 , they would probably like it just fine . The shirt has large buttons , one shoe has a velcro strip , one shoe has laces , and the hat has a snap button . Not the greatest `` activity '' doll I 've ever seen , but fine for a 1 or 2 year old.I was looking for a boy doll that my son would love . A playmate and friend . I was really happy to find boy dolls ... but I wish I would have just caved in and bought him a 10 $ baby doll instead . He probably would 've played with it more .
 I was not happy with this doll at all . He remains untouched by my son . The button is too hard to button , the snap is too hard to snap , the zipper is too hard to zipper ... ugh . I should have returned it .
 Although this doll is cute , it can not be of any use in teaching a toddler how to dress . The zipper os of poor quality and will only go up half way because the entire jacket is way too small . The button holes are against the doll and the buttons on top -- much too awkward to use . The shoelace is made of very slippery material and will not hold a tie at all . The snap on the hat works but requires more strength than a toddler has .
 Upon reading the discription no where did it say the item was on display for 16 yrs . It was for a collector of barbie and to be given as a gift . The box cover was worn and discolored . I knew it was from 1996 but thought it was clearfully preserved . I was going to send it back for credit but only kept it cause I did n't want a hassel . I ended up opening the doll and giving it to my wife for her collection losing it 's collector value by opening it . I definetly will be more cautious upon future purchases from amazon and not happy with the whole transaction
 We waited forever to discover that the toy was out of stock . We attempted to purchase it elsewhere with the same result . We may never know how much fun this toy would have been .
 I bought this kit for my 5 year old son as part of our homeschooling curriculum . We have enjoyed other kits in this series , but this one is a disappointment . The experiments themselves are interesting . However , what is lacking in this kit are any educational explanations so the child actually understands the results of the experiments . Also , the whole kit can be completed in one sitting .
 throught it was bigger then that and there was only one the little show in picture wasnt there and wasnt happy with it
 I love parafoil kites , they are great to have stuffed in a bag . They do n't break when they crash -LRB- unless you tangle them in a tree -RRB- . This one flys , but it needs a strong wind to do so since the line is heavy compared to the lifting power of this kite . It was fun to fly with my niece , but also frustrating since it was difficult to keep in the air without strong winds.This is far from the worst small kite I 've seen , it does fly , but I think going with a slightly larger parafoil might be better -LRB- or maybe lighter kite line ? -RRB- . It has pretty nice tails .
 This is code 83 Atlas flex track . Atlas makes very good track and I have no problem recommending it to anyone . I wish it had some nail holes in the ties but it does n't . So why two stars ? Because the Amazon ad is very misleading ! It uses terms like `` These are Code 83 Super-Flex Straight Track Pieces from Atlas . '' Note the use of plurals , twice . Makes you think you 're getting a good buy , right ? Then read what it says is included
 As another reviewer pointed out , this product listing is for a single piece of Code 83 Super-Flex track yet the description contains '' -LRB- 100 -RRB- '' in the description which might lead you to believe you are getting 100 pieces -LRB- not realistic for this price -RRB- . The vendor compares this Code 83 track to Code 100 track , but there is no logical reason to include the misleading '' -LRB- 100 -RRB- '' in the product title . The description needs to be edited to accurately represent the product . Great Atlas product , but I 'll be buying my flex track from an Amazon vendor who pays more attention to honest and accurate product descriptions .
 Just a heads up in case you order before Amazon has resolved . This item is not in a TIN - at least not the one I was mailed , twice . I just received the second one today and now need to find if I can pick one up somewhere before tomorrow . Amazon did go to extra lengths to get second replacement order to me in time for gift giving , but this turned out to still be the wrong item . The first time I ordered ` opened box ' item and thought substituting a ` like ' item might be how that works , but second time I ordered New and received the same exact Item except it had n't been opened . -LRB- I did note I was reordering because I specifically wanted the game in a Tin -RRB- This is the listing that both my orders continue to link to . That says to me that there is an error in this photo and description being linked to , what is the same game , but a different item
 I thought this was going to make the card game 3-4 players , but it did not . This expansion only expanded the 2 player game with more options , which it already has plenty . I am going to return this .
 Bought 2 for our grandchildren , one did n't work properly after the first hour of play . The second started losing air after 1 day of play . Definitely JUNK and am returning .
 Very fun when my sister and I got it . Then we put it away for the winter . Next summer , we got it out again . We had 2 of them . Ones batteries were completely coroded , and it would not work at all . The other one had enough power to power the squirter , but not enough to power the motor . Do not buy unless willing to take care of it all winter .
 This boat really did n't work . . You really could n't tell that it was moving at all . The age I had in the boat was from 3-6 age ... But they loved the squirt gun attached to it ...
 This toy misses the whole point of why Gandhi was a genius . The manufacturer/designer should be ashamed .
 I thought this was cute and would be functional for my daughter to use at daycare . I knew it was going to be thin but the bottom is made poorly as well . I was not happy that the pillow part is not machine washable ; it is spot clean only . When I got it I washed the bottom portion before she would use it and it already has a tear . I thought for the price I was getting a decent deal . Most places that sell sleep mats are much higher but now I wish I would have paid the extra money to have something made better .
 The slide was nice looking but would not hold up a 9 and 11 year old boys who are anything but big for their age . I was surprised and thought it would be better made . I was very disappointed and in fact returned the slide .
 My son was dying to have this toy . Being my only one , I decided to buy it for him . The shipping was fast and no problems with the delivery . However , the product itself , is flimsy , cheap and not worth $ -LSB- ... -RSB- plus $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- shipping -RRB- that I paid . Once we received it , we started to take it out of the box , and a couple of small pieces fell out of the box . It turned out to be broken pieces.The plastic used , is obviously a cheap type and it started to lose its shape and bend.I would not recommend this product for the price . Please note , this review HAS NO negative comment regarding the seller . Only towards the workmanship of the product .
 The cage is made of a flimsy plastic and the pieces do n't fit well together . Put in one side and the other three fall apart . The sides do n't open as advertised and the trap doors wo n't stay close . My son is 7 and he hated the cage ... it 's dificult to play with any of the 7 '' figures . We ended up taking the cage off and now the ring alone is really good , he loves it now . Just thought the price was way to high , would have been worth it if the cage actually worked as its supposed to .
 My son wanted the Hell in Cell so bad and it is in the corner in a pile . It falls apart all the time and he doesnt even play with it cause by the time you fix it there is no point . The ring is great quaility but the cage that goes around is a horrible . I would not reccomend this probuct to anyone . Oh and putting it together you need over an hour and tons of patience .
 I would not recommend this product , the cage is plastic and it breaks easy . It is not worth the money .
 it simply fell apart . the cage did not stay together as well as the sidesmy son wanted this so bad and he cant play with anything but the inside ring , nothing snapped together . piece of crap , seriously . and how wouldi return it ? they make it too hard as it comes from a third party ???
 its a nice cat , got it for a gift for someone , but i thought the legs moved . they 're like sewed in , so the cat only has one pose . the one you see
 Wow ! What a disappointment ! It says it 's an 8ft high jumper ... I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and this jumper comes to my chest . There is maybe 5ft X 5ft of jumping space . My 5 year old was in it for a few minutes and was jumping away and almost knocked it over . I will be sending this one back . Good thing I opened it now instead of waiting till the bday party .
 TThis bouncer is under 6 ft an seriously small I feel scammed save your money an buy one from Walmart.com . Not much bounce at all barely even fun for my four year Olds .
 Send Hasbro a message and do n't buy this garbage . Stores ca n't keep basic figures in stock and yet these worthless wastes of plastic are taking up valuable shelf space . Kids and collectors alike hate this product.If you 're a parent looking for a Star Wars toy for your kid , stick to the figures , movie vehicles , Galactic Heroes , anything else but this . I saw a couple of kids mocking this thing at Target last week and then move onto the Power Rangers because there were n't any `` cool '' Star Wars toys in stock even though they wanted some .
 When did Darth Vader ever ride a motorcycle ???!!! This is a complete disgrace.Please , how about keeping Star Wars figures on the shelves instead of this trash ...
 Quick shipping on product but the product was not what I was hoping for . The `` snow '' was much grainer than I had expected . I had seen what I thought was the same item in stores during the holiday season and that `` instant snow '' was very fine and really looked like snow . This product does n't look much like snow and does n't have the same texture .
 This was great fun for us . However , please be smarter than me and do n't use it in a high-traffic area of your yard . Your best bet would be to put a trash bag or large piece of plastic down to play on . We just mixed it and poured it in the grass and within a week it was the slipperiest slime ever that lasted about 2 months ! I would buy it again , but I would mix it and pour it onto something that can be easily disposed of !
 This was not what I expected at all , its granules of silicone type stuff which makes the most unbelievable mess . However , the kids however loved it ! -LRB- They 've never seen the real stuff . -RRB- I got fed up with cleaning them off and my kitchen surfaces and hid it in the cupboard in the end . Save it for summer in the yard or deck ! Yuck !
 This item is Poor Quality - it is not the same as the InstaSnow product that it says it compares to .
 I bought this toy for a school project and was surprised to see how flimsy the fins and stand were . The body is made out of metal but everything else is made out of plastic or something cheap like that . Do n't buy if you want something that will last .
 Too small . I assumed it was a larger item . I suppose I should have read the description a little better !!
 My daughter is still having a good time drawing on tatoos and putting on the glitter . Yet , the airbrush has been a disappointment.The airbrush gave a nice fine mist the first few days of use . After 3 weeks , the pens hardly work in the sprayer . We have been carefull to tightly recap the pens . Even tried storing the pens in different positions to see if it made a difference . If they work , it 's a few dark scattered dots . The pens still work for drawing on the doll , but the color is very dark and unmake-up like . We have also found that the pens do not wash of of the skin with soap . They leave a stain that must wear off .
 Got this for my grandaughter for christmas . Right out of package we had nothing but trouble trying to get it to work . Only one of the pen things worked the rest did not and the 1 that worked only lasted a couple of minutes . Grandaughter got so fustrated that she said hey grandma lets just throww them away . At least she had the doll to play with , because she loves the bratz dolls .
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 I am all fired up about my new SCX Box Set ... . starting to collect parts ... Seen this braid and guide post and as you can see it 's black ... when I received them I got the red ones -LRB- Very Deceptive -RRB-
 It 's good for about one kids party maybe two then throw it in the garbage .
 Bought this for my almost 4 year old son who is obsessed with `` rocket ships . '' The toy comes with an astronaut and 2 satellites as well . He opened the toy up last night and has not even played with it for a full hour -LRB- he had to go to bed -RRB- . My complaints : Within 5 minutes of the toy being opened , one of the retractable wheels broke off.The gold paint on the astronaut 's helmet is already scuffed and rubbing off.Astronaut does not stand up on his own.Neither the astronaut or satellites fits into the shuttle itself - even though you can attach a satellite to a retractable arm to the inside of the shuttle!The shuttle is barely over 6 inches -LRB- as opposed to less than 7 inches -RRB- . It is not a `` self contained '' toy - the extra pieces do not fit into the shuttle itself and I know they are going to get lost.What I like : My son is excited about his space shuttle . He loves the American flag detail on the astronaut and he likes the opening and closing doors.Obviously this is cheaply made and I expect to lose the doors and the extra pieces.I bought this set because it came with an astronaut figure and had doors that open and closed on the shuttle - I think I would have been better off purchasing something else and I would n't recommend this toy to a child that is hard on his toys .
 Came broken in the box . Number 7/8 engine was broke off laying in the packing . Rockets under port wing bend at a 45 degree angle to the point if you try to bend them back they will break off . First time ordering from this vendor and more than disappointed .
 Toys you can find at the 99cent store are better than this . I purchased this as a gift , but once I saw the package and toy - realized that it was extremely low quality . WARNING
 VERY lightweight item - it keeps blowing over in my yard , no matter what I use to try to secure it . Also , the gray exterior chips off revealing the styrofoam interior.Much better for indoor/prop usage than outdoor decor .
 I 'd actually like to give it zero stars . The photo makes this product look like a decent sized truck when in fact it 's a fraction of the size . Excellent example of false advertising . I guess the `` 1/32 '' was the clue that this was NOT in fact a full-sized toy . I recommend you stay away or the recipient will be disappointed , as mine was . I will no longer be buying toys via this method .
 We thought these were the other `` night vision '' goggles by Wild Planet , which my son had tried on , and liked.This item gets one star because the ` earbud ' did nothing but give off high-pitched very loud feedback noises . My ears were ringing after trying to get it to work . There was no volume control , so if a kid has it in their ear and a dog barks nearby or the feedback persists , I worry that it could damage their hearing . If it had volume control , I 'd give it 2.5-3 stars .
 I was so excited to get the King Rising levitation DVD.When it came in mail , I ran straight to my room to start learning the trick.But when I was watching it , I realized that I wasted $ 13.00 on the DVD . : -LRB- They showed how to do the `` levitation '' but it 's not what I expected.I was so disappointed that I 'm going to be ` hated ' at school.I was gon na show the trick to my friends , but now I ca n't . If you 're a parent & you 're wanting to get this for your child ... DO N'T . I wasted 13.00 & now you MIGHT too ... I really would prefer the Criss Angel levitation DVD.MUCH more ` realistic ' .
 to be honest i was expecting more but this is just garbage the method sucks i would go out and by criss angels self levitation thats probably the best one out or skywalker levitation
 The book is a joke . The levitation ellusion is ridiculous and may work if you are on a stage with lots of props to draw their attention away from what you are doing .
 My 9 year old daughter could n't get the doll to stand on the stand . Even with my help , the doll would still fall over . Not sure if we 're doing something wrong . As a parent , I do n't like toys that kids ca n't get to work .
 Toy is of not much use . The periscope , although functional , is much too short for the child to hide behind a wall or sofa and `` spy '' on others . Its poor optics makes it difficult to make out anything clearly.My daughter is very excited about spy stuff , but dumped this in less than a day as useless .
 It 's a cheep plastic joke I couldent see over my eyebrows !!
 Ok , so I should 've paid attention to the price , but I really thought I was buying a neat little periscope for my nephew . What I got instead of a 4 '' worthless piece of plastic ! This thing is just wayyy too small to be used for anything ! Definitely a waste of money !
 The toob includes 20 plastic horses . They are 1 1/2 &#34; size . But just 6 of them were high quality and beautyfull , , the rest were very different , and dint ' t like them . Some of them were also damaged .
 We bought one just like this in Target , made for Target and it has none of the problems listed on this product . Paint is still intact after many plays , looks still like new and we have so much fun with it . Stacking and sorting colors , making color piles , then shape piles , then stack by color , by shape etc. . It has lots of uses to prevent boredom . Great toy . Yes , you should be careful not to have in laying down in the middle of the room or someplace where your toddler can fall on it . Clean up after play and just have fun with this .
 We love wooden toys and are all about non-toxic products for our baby . Unfortunately , we purchased this product , wiped it down to ensure it was clean , and within days , the paint started to chip . It 's chipped all over the item after minimal use for two weeks . I was really disappointed and will probably avoid this brand in the future .
 I purchased 3 Doug & Melissa toys for my grandson , while he loves the colors and they are easy to handle , every single one of the toys has chipping paint . Poorly painted and since we do n't really know what the paint is we no longer allow him to play with these toys . I am surprised that toys clearly intended for rough play , i.e. , pounding , grabbing , throwing , do n't last more than a few days . Disappointed !
 A friend got this for our toddler . It 's a great idea but poorly executed . We did n't have any problems with paint or anything like that . Problem is , when the pieces come off , you are left with three thin dowels/stands sticking straight up . Anyone who has a toddler knows that is an accident waiting to happen . One trip head first into this thing and the dowels are thin enough to take out an eye . Also , the edges are not smoothed down , so it also has the potential to tear skin if landed on.I would suggest that Melissa and Doug use MUCH thicker stands that are smoothed and rounded at the top .
 I was excited that my brother gave this to my son for Christmas , because I am a fan of wooden toys ... the less toxic plastic toys around the better as far as I am concerned . However I was VERY disappointed when the paint started chipping off . It was coming off and sticking to my hands ... there was no way I was going to let my son play with it ! I returned the defective item .
 Damage when it came , kids was n't happy at all . Please Do n't buy it at all its a waste of money .
 Maybe it 's non-toxic but after a half hour of our toddler playing with this - although he enjoyed it - his hands were red and there were red stains on his t-shirt . So its in the garbage now . Is it non-toxic I do n't know , though if toy makers used toxic paints for years and lied about them , there 's little reason to believe a label that boldly says non-toxic . How many pieces of clothing out there with Gucci labels are not made by Gucci ?
 When we got this toy out of the box , about a third of the pieces were stuck together because the toy had apparently been packaged when the paint was still wet . When I pried the pieces apart , paint from one piece was stuck on the other piece . After I was done , it was looking pretty ugly .
 The toy was made in a very bad condition . All the wood blocks stuck to each other . It took me a while to separate them . The results are the painting is off or stayed in another block 's surface . The toy is completely ruined . The wood and painting are in very poor quality . The smell of the wood is very wield . Anyway , please trust me , please do n't buy this toy !!!!!!!
 If your baby is going to put it in his/her mouth , the paint would start coming off . I caught my 10 months old daughter putting it in her mouth and i saw paint coming off
 This toy may be good for education and play time but it could be dangerous if your little one is small enough.Once all the rings are taken off then the poles are dangerous if little one falls on it.I bought but not be using untill 2 + years .
 My two year old loves to do puzzles , so I thought this would be a great toy for him . First of all , it is made VERY poorly . A substantial amount of paint chipped off after only a week . I found a lot of paint chips on my floor and in my sons mouth . I was furious ! The holes in the pieces are small and are perfect for a little finger to get stuck . There are marks where the paint was n't allowed to dry and rubbed off on other pieces and on the center piece that holds everything . DO NOT BUY THIS ! It is incredibly cheap and you do not want your child to eat paint . Find a product of higher quality , probably made in America .
 One of the wooden dowels came unglued within the first 2 days my daughter was playing with it . Also , the largest wooden -LRB- red -RRB- circle is very resistant to go on the dowel or come off of it . She likes the toy , but get mad because she ca n't play with the red circle , and gets upset when it come apart .
 My 10 month old daughter received this toy for Christmas from her grand parents . She started playing with it right away and of course pieces went right into her mouth . Her grandma assured me it was a quality product with safe paint and construction . Well she was as floored as I was then when we saw blue stain all over my daughter 's mouth ! I took the block and rubbed it with my hand - and off came more paint . We put it up and she has yet to play with it again - maybe when she is no longer putting everything in her mouth , but she might be bored by it then .
 No doubt a toy like this can be enjoyable and beneficial for children as they grow and learn , however this particular product is a no buy . First , legitimate concerns have been raised about the paint , and nowhere on the package or product information does it state whether this product has been paint tested or if it is non toxic and safe for children . Second , another legitimate concern has been raised over safety of a three prong toy that could be stumbled over by a child . In fact , my wife bought this toy and my child did exactly that , but fortunately it was just a glancing blow . Not really sure what could be done to prevent this except to put a warning on the toy that children should be supervised while using it and it should be put away when not being used . In other words , it should be treated as a potentially dangerous toy , and not left around the home on the floor , etc. . Third , the set we got had various manufacturing defects , two of the dowels were bent , one significantly , and the holes in some of the pieces were too small so they did n't fit on all the dowels -LRB- apparently some of the dowels are slightly thicker , so for us the round pieces did n't fit on the center dowel , but only the two end dowels -RRB- . For these reasons I rate this toy as a no buy , and wish my wife would have read the reviews before purchasing .
 This product seemed like a good idea . It 's colorful and seemed like a great learning toy . After I received it , I realized how dangerous it really is . There are a lot of sharp corners and the post are also scary . My child fell on it and was hurt pretty bad . Also , my little one picked up the toy by one of the post and the post just came off . It 's poorly constructed and it 's a hazard to kids . I tried to return it but was told my return window had expired . Please do n't waste your money on this product .
 My son , like every little kid , puts these blocks in his mouth . The paint flakes off and kids eat it . I do n't know what 's in the paint but would you eat paint ? Melissa and Doug as a brand does n't mean that the toy is automatically good . Stay away for the painted wood toys .
 This is not really like what it looks like in the website . It is smaller than it appears and does not seem to be very sturdy . I was expecting a more robust toy for this price .
 This is a well made toy but my problem with it is that the holes are small enough to get a little finger stuck inside of them . We had to take our 3 year old to the hospital to have one of the disks removed from his finger - he put it on like a ring . Be prepared to go to the ER - unless you want to risk cutting it off yourself !
 Within one day , one of the sticks was broken from the surface of the tray . My 19 months old daughter is a very gentle toy user , hardly breaks anything , so I was so shocked to see it . When I saw the center of the stick , I realized its inside is NOT A SOLID WOOD
 The red pieces tested positive for lead . How I wish I could turn back time and `` unbuy '' this . If I could rate it a zero , I would .
 To begin playing , take the blocks off the poles . At first I was worried she would fall over and hurt herself on these exposed poles . Next , the poles fell off , which then exposes this clear glue which my child wants to chew on.Just like the sorting cube I bought with this , the colored paint chips off . The square is 2 shapes which fit to be a square . Seems like a good advanced concept , but mostly concerned of the sharp edges . So those were put away.I should have bought one of the plastic versions of this . The paint would not have chipped off . And maybe the poles would have been attached to the base rather than adhered with toxic glue .
 Quality control on the product is nil . Had to return item because the parts were assembled with wet paint , so ALL of them stuck together -- required a knife to separate and all of them ended up with severely chipped paint . The replacement was worse . DO N'T BUY IT . A shame , because the design is great -- its more complex than other versions . But stick with the better ones -- Plan Toys for instance .
 I really like Melissa & Doug toys however , we 've only had this toy for two days and with three children playing with it -LRB- total probably 4 hours of play so far -RRB- , the sticks were not glued into base and quickly popped off -LRB- the baby did that first thing after removing all the pieces -RRB- . The other part I did not like was the fact that paint is starting to come off already on the square pieces -LRB- on the corners -RRB- . Even if the paint is lead-free , I still do n't think it should come off after two days of play . I am hoping to write the company and ask them about that .
 Out of all the toys I have bought my child , this has been the most disappointing . The paint has chipped off so easily that I know feel they are unsafe for her to play with . It makes me rethink buying any other Melissa and Doug products .
 I bought this for my son for his 2nd birthday and he loved it ! He played with it all the time but we had to take it away from him when , with very little effort , he was able to remove all the poles from the base of the puzzle . We tried fixing the problem , but we were n't able to get the poles to stay in their slots correctly . Eventually , the puzzle pieces would knock the poles over and we ended up throwing the puzzle away . It 's a great concept , and I 'd love to purchase another one , but I 'm not going to knowing that the same thing could happen again . There has to be a better way for Melissa and Doug to attach the poles so that they will actually stay on the base .
 This was my first ` pro ' type of watergun , so I do n't know if any others are better . But below are my disappointments with it : - Takes 30 or 40 pumps to build up enough pressure for one ` maximum power ' shot . -LRB- Maybe they should market this as a workout device instead of a toy . -RRB- - Makes a loud , irritating gurgly-chirpy-tweety sound , like a bird , when pumping it up . - Would be better to display pressure level with a non-electrical method ; having two AA batteries for the pressure level does not make much sense in a toy that is going to be soaked with water and possibly used in the pool . The battery door does not seem water-tight , so I imagine the batteries could get wet and corrode . - Leaks out of the bottom when pumped up but not fired . There are holes built-in there , so I assume this is by design to allow pressure to release if it is pumped up but not fired . I guess this means that you ca n't build up pressure for use at a later time . - The pump rod feels flimsy and the pump action feels cheap and fragile . There is no rubber bumper where the pump handle meets the body , so it makes a loud plastic smacking sound when the pump handle meets the body if pumping vigorously .
 While this fire station IS difficult to put together , when my little guy saw it , he loved it ! However , the fire truck pieces fell off within an hour of first being played with . Other pieces of the fire station also began falling off . While this is a great idea , it seems to be very cheaply put together . For $ 100 , I would definitely not buy this toy again !
 What they do n't tell you is that this `` toy '' has to be assembled BY YOU . WITH A PHILLIPS HEAD SCREWDRIVER . Yes , the fire station does have that quaint `` homemade '' look , because YOU , the parent , will be building it . The screw holes are vaguely indicated ; in some places , they are n't even broken into the wood . You do that yourself . If you 've got a COUPLE HOURS , a phillips head screwdriver and are in good shape , you 'll love preparing this toy . Just do n't wait until Christmas Eve to get started .
 It takes a building engineer to put this together so it is not for the age it states on the product , would be fine for ages 6 up maybe . Instructions are not that great . I bought it for my 4 year olds , put it together for them as they could not do it then after they tore it down I put it in the closet it has been two years maybe I will take it down and try again .
 This is an awesome and fun idea ... if it had some power it would have been a lot more fun . Any bugs that were caught had to be scooped up into the tube as the suction was so low it did n't capture them . The magnifying glass made it very educational . We changed the batteries to try and improve the power , but that did n't make a difference.So , great idea , but I 'd look for a better product .
 We have n't even gotten this thing together yet and I 'm disgusted :1 . Many , many missing parts .2 . Hardware diagrams are labeled as `` actual size '' while the actual parts specified do not match up with the drawings .3 . Customer service center that is closed on weekends , when most people would be attempting to assemble this and might have questions . -LRB- Most likely complaints . -RRB- Reebok and Lifetime Products clearly do not have any respect for their customers and should be ashamed of themselves . I wo n't be spending any money with them again . This item is clearly intended for children and will disappoint many of them . I 'm glad the other reviewer had a better experience because I would n't wish this on anyone .
 These are very cute , but I ordered two , and got two different sizes . As I was ordering these for siblings , I could only give one as a gift due to this aspect . I had to , then , come up with an alternate gift , because at the age they are , size and content DO matter !!!!
 The holes are much too narrow and deep . Rocks can not be picked up quickly and easily . My son began looking for a replacement game right after receiving this for Christmas . I bought a fantastic version of this game at Target years ago - it 's perfect !
 This toy is recommended for 10mo and up , however it includes a bunch of small parts . When I first got the toy for my 10mo old son , I was so excited - the toy is colorful , has a number of different shapes and textures for little hands to explore . I pulled on all the small pieces hard to make sure that they were attached well , and nothing came off , I also tied the pull string around itself several times to shorten it and I though I was good - I was so WRONG ! The very next day , while my son was at my mom 's the little bell came off !!! Thank god my mom saw it in time to snatch it away from the baby - the bell is the perfect size for a kid to choke on ! This toy is DEFINITELY TOO HAZARDOUS FOR SMALL BABIES !!!!
 Toy is WAY smaller than I thought it would be . Going to have to give it away as a gift instead of having my son use it .
 My four year old picked this out . -LRB- yeah , I know it says five and up but it 's a sprinkler !! how complicated can it be !!!! -RRB- It wo n't stand up no matter where you put it , and it needs to to use it right . You need to fill this lttle tiny base with water and it 's just not enough to make it stand . And then the hose attachment leaks . Not worth it !!
 What a terrible toy ! It never worked at all ! Then it is all wet and hard to put back in box so very hard to return . My son cried and we are stuck with this terrible non working toy ! Do not by this thing !
 This is a piece of JUNK . It does not stay together , no way to use it because as soon as the water come on it falls apart . Do n't waste your money or disapoint your little guy .
 My husband and I were suckered into buying two of these type of `` wind spinners '' at a kiosk in a shopping mall . Now that they 're hanging outside , what kind of wind are they looking for , a frickin ' hurricane ? They just sit there and look stupid -LRB- while reminding us of the money ill spent -RRB- .
 What a disappointment ! I ordered this doll for my 2 1/2 year old because she loves dolls that talk and are interactive . What is deceiving about this product description is that the doll 's primary language is French , NOT English . The enclosed `` bracelets '' that the doll has to wear to speak the other languages did not work . The doll only spoke Spanish or French . And the interactive bottle and spoon did not work either . Unfortunately , I have to figure out how this baby will disappear from my daughter 's room to be sent back . This doll was a waste of money and it 's too bad because Corolle has a great reputation . Do n't waste your time or money on this one !
 Baby Lia is a beautiful doll and my 2 year old instantly fell in love . Unfortunately , we can not understand a word that Interactive Lia says . As mentioned in the other review , Lia speaks French as her primary language and requires one of three bracelets to speak English , Spanish , or Italian . Our English bracelet causes Lia to speak Spanish . We can not separate our daughter from Lia long enough to send her back for a replacement . She would be devastated . C'est la vie !
 If I could I would give this product zero stars . Every cent we spent on this product was a waste . My son just received 5 different Star Wars Transformers for his birthday -LRB- Darth Vader , Darth Maul , Obi Wan , Jango Fett , and the Han Solo/Chewbacca sets -RRB- . I am so tired of Hasbro selling cheap pieces of junk that do NOT hold together for 5 minutes . My son is beyond frustrated and I am tired of continually trying to put the things back together . We had this same problem last Christmas with Hasbro Star Wars figures . My child is not hard on his toys , but within 24 hours a couple of figures had already lost arms ! The thing that drives me nuts is that we still have the Kenner figures that belonged to my husband in the 70 's and early 80 's and they are still in perfect shape . Why ca n't Hasbro figure out how to copy those designs and create a quality product ?!? The bottom line is that they wo n't as long as consumers continue to buy this junk and not complain . I have contacted Hasbro customer service and I continually get the run-around . They simply seem to not care about the quality of these products .
 Typical plastic toy that cost far too much , but it 's what my son wanted . My son , who is 5 1/2 years old found this transformer far too difficult to put together . Also , it was n't made well enough to withstand playtime , now many of the pieces that broke off are lost . Not a good toy for a younger child .
 I bought this item last year from another retailer for my children . My younger child had knocked it over onto my older one about 30 times in two weeks when i returned it .
 This kitchen fell apart right after I got it . The top fell off , the doors came off and the sides came off . it has fallen on my kids a few times . I tried to e-mail chicco but they would n't help me because I did n't have proof of purchase as I received it as a gift .
 My Mom gave our kids this kitchen -LRB- my daughter is 3 and my son is 1 -RRB- . I had NO idea that it was -LSB- ... -RSB- ! It is tiny , not sturdy and there are minimal features . It does n't make any noises and there are barely any accessories . I am so shocked at how expensive it is ... I was thinking it was a lower-priced kitchen -LRB- which would be great -RRB- . You can get SO much more for you money ... any of the Step 2 kitchens are around the same price and have many more features . Also , my daughter lost interest in it after a few weeks - at daycare she has a Step 2 kitchen and she could play with it for hours and hours because it makes lots of noises , has many different cupboards , shelves , etc. . My son who is only 1 also plays with the same Step 2 kitchen at daycare - he is able to open/close the doors and pull up on it - he ca n't play with this one because it is too top heavy and would fall over on top of him if he were to try and pull up on it.Is this mis-priced ? I still ca n't believe how much it is - I 'm floored . I would have guessed around -LSB- ... -RSB- at the most . Oh , and it 's tiny , picture makes it look bigger than it is.I love Chico toys , but if you are looking for a kitchen playset - I would avoid this at all costs .
 When my 3.5 year old son received this toy , he started to play with it right away . However , after less than 1 hour play , the sound is gone which the most fun part of the toy . Both him and I were very disappointed by this . I 've never had any toy that gone bad that fast . Not sure whether it is our bad luck or this toy has bad quality issue .
 This is the most frustrating transformer ever ! It is a piece of JUNK ! Do n't waste your money ! My 7 year old son was in tears after less than 5 minutes with this toy and he is not hard on toys . The pieces kept falling off and I got tired of putting them back together ! Then it broke ! I will be returning this ASAP !
 this is such a great doll , but he looks filthy after a while and nothing gets him clean . After a while i gave him away because it seemed unsanitary
 I purchased this game for my daughter and expected something much more durable . This is a very cheaply made product and design . I ordered it because my kids love matching games and this looked like a neat idea for the game . I was expecting more of a `` flip '' action and the pieces to be secured to the board while playing - However the game pieces are plastic pieces that you have to put the stickers on and they just lay on the board -LRB- which does not `` flip '' very well -RRB- .
 It was hard to make the ink come out plus they ran dry to soon Take my advice dont buy them
 it says its for 4 and up , but kids about 5 dont know how to use it on their own , make sure your w / your kid .
 My kids 4 & 6 got this for Christmas . First , we were missing half of the stencils and half were a repeat . After calling the company , they told me that they had just purchased this company and the packaging was a mess . They offered to send me another set of stencils at no charge , but I had to choose from a different assortment and they did n't have the vehicle ones shown on the box or anything really similar . I was disappointed by this as those on the box were the ones that my son wanted , he loves car and trucks . This toy will take some time & practice & skill for the kids to be able to blow slowly and evenly while moving the pen to get the best results , otherwise it turns out blotchy and ugly and almost illiegible . Parents , FYI the stencils are kind of flimsy and take a while to punch out . Also , the color changing pens are not as washable as the others and can stain clothing , etc. . This is on the box . Watch out for overspray , especially while they are learning . I do n't know that this toy has too much of an educational value either . Your kids are probably better off with just washable markers & paper and their own creativity . I was disappointed as some neighbor friends of ours had some and loved theirs , they made lots of homemade cards for birthday gifts , etc. . .
 I spent $ 35 on a kit that was worth $ 10 . I got 7 blow pens -LRB- not even the colors listed on the box I received -RRB- that looked used and dried out . The box came to me damaged . The item did not even look like the one presented in the ad or as descibed in the ad . The contents inside were dusty and had nothing that I paid for inside . It was as if it were already opened . I am a Huge customer of Amazon.com and I have experiened my first amazon rip off .
 Much smaller than I thought it would be , that 's ok though , easier to fit in a pocket . What I do n't like is the final coat of paint seems to have glued it all together . making it very hard to open and close . Very irritating , tossed it in a drawer .
 The Customer Service at this Company was terrible . The larvae were sent to the wrong person and then they refused to replace them . I was hung up on and just treated as though I owed them something . Buy something else if you do n't want your child to be disappointed .
 Our ants died in about a week . It was fun to watch them for about a day . Better to just watch them outside . This product is not worth a dime .
 The ants are red carpenter ants ... and they are dangerous ! Google information.The instructions say to feed them , so I put in a small piece of food in and was poking it down when I felt a sting . An ant had crawled up and bit my finger . It felt like a hornet sting for 8 STRAIGHT HOURS until I finally passed out from exhaustion - at this point it was 230am . The only slight relief I got was running it under ice cold water and wrapping it tightly with a dish rag , every 5 minutes . When I woke up a few hours later it STILL stung , mildly and was tender for the day ... I AM SO GLAD IT WAS ME AND NOT MY 6yr OLD SON !!! He would have been hysterical , and probably would have involved an emergency room visit . NOT cool ...
 My daughter really loves ants ! I bought this for her for her birthday . We have not yet received the ants , however , she is eagerly anticipating their arrival . So for this has been a very exciting toy for her .
 My family and I were very disappointed with this product , compared to others we have used . For starters there is too much of a gap between the back of the glass and the back of the plastic ant hill . We had instances where the ants would dig but since there was so much space you could not see them . The other big problem , which I did n't understand , was some of the ants fell down the front of the hill and could not climb back up . Looking at the surface it appears that they should have no problem with its texture , but for some reason they would get half way and fall back down . Over all it was just not that much fun , I think you would be better looking at a more traditional farm or one of the gel based ones .
 The ants come seperately and cost additionally . The setup was also difficult and messy . I am very disappointed . The product was a huge waste of money .
 I followed the directions exactly as they were stated , added the harvester ants I ordered , and by the end of the day my students only had about half of the ants to observe , as the rest died . My coworker added ants from the same shipment and they were thriving immediately . The only difference in our experience was the habitat . She used a more traditional `` rectangular '' shaped ant farm and by the day 's end she had several tunnels and all of her ants were alive . I would not waste my money on this product !!!
 We have and love Insect Lore butterfly habitat and Ladybug Land . But STAY AWAY FROM THE ANTS ! You can not release them and in two weeks they die in front of your children 's eyes . Had I know , I would never have purchased them . Yes , the kids initially were thrilled to watch them tunnel . That lasted for a few days . But as that is all they do , they both lost interest -LRB- girl ,9 and boy , 5 -RRB- before too long . Now there are two ants left alive and the rest are little corpses in the sand . The directions even say you can watch what they do with the dead ! Yikes ! I am all for the life cycle , but this really is not acceptable . It is cruel . The children loved having release celebrations for the butterflies and ladybugs . This is just sad !
 We purchased because we tried Insect Lore 's Butterfly Garden and our preschoolers loved it . Unfortunatley , we did not have as much luck with the Ant Hill . My husband followed directions but within 24 hours all the Ants were dead .
 My daughter was SO excited to get this for christmas . She LOVES trains and it appeared to be easy enough to maneuver for her . Well the toy is made VERY poorly . It ca n't go `` straight '' forward , it kinda runs in a circle , you have to go back and forth to even get it to move forward at all.Then it constantly has a mind of its own.I thought it was the batteries so I changed them a few times . Nope , it just starts running and making noise randomly.You really have NO control over anything it does.I was SO disappointed because I paid a good amount for it and it is going to Good Will , it was a complete waste , and my poor daughter was SO sad that it did n't work.The plastic also is pretty cheap and flimsey.I DO NOT suggest getting this for ANY reason ... unfortunatlly .
 THis product was fun for a three year old , but did n't last but a week . I sent it back to manufacturer with expense to me , theysent me a replacement , it also failed to last . I DO NOT recommend this toy for durability . I is a good idea but poorly made.I also had a very difficult time getting a hold of the place to send it , person to talk to and no one seemed to understand English .
 it really was a terrible lego set to buy allways breaking and was designed poorly .
 Bachmann has been known to be on the lower quality , entry level side of the model train hobby , and sadly , I think they 've gotten even worse.The GP 50 proved to be a weak performer , and started to overheat and severely lose power after only a couple of hours of run time , slowing to a crawl.Headlight is very dim.I opened it up to lubricate it and look for problem areas , and it literally fell apart.The lights are n't even soldered in place ; they are simply clipped on and pressed between the chassis halves.The screws and threaded anchors barely reach each other , and the threads would n't even hold the chassis halves together!I 've thrown it in my parts junkyard , as there is n't much worth salvaging from this piece of junk.Bachmann claims to have a very good warranty policy , but why bother?They 're just going to send me another piece of junk like this one.Total waste of money.Not recommended .
 The B-Wing fighter was a natural edition to Lego 's Star Wars line but unfortunately the finished product is a bit under-whelming when compared to the other choices . It is one of the most expensive of the 2nd line sets and in my opinion most of the cost is probably dedicated to the `` Rebel Control Center '' portion of the set . The ship itself is good enough looking with the wings in attack position and the rotating cockpit is a nice tribute to the old Kenner line product . That said however the design is uncharacteristically fragile and I ca n't even imagine that this toy would hold up under much play . Furthermore , since the only way to display the B-Wing without suspending it from something is with it 's wings closed , where it looks like nothing more than a few flat panels stacked atop one another , it fails in that aspect too . The most pleasant surprise of this set is the Rebel Control Center . While the extras that come with most of the sets seem to have the feel of spare parts useful in building alternative designs the Control Center is actually a neat play set with a few clever goodies like the sliding door assembly . If the B-Wing was your favorite ship from the Star Wars trilogy then go ahead ... otherwise consider the less costly and better designed A-Wing set or the excellent Slave 1 adaptation .
 This Lego SW model is one of the more interetsing on the market , but sadly one of the least fun . A fairly easy to build model , the set lacks extra features like hatchs or control pads.For a solid model , you would think Lego may have put a little extra in but the only working features are ; the door which folds down to load Han Solo and the cockpit lid.It is a good addition to your collection since it contains both Boba Fett and Han Solo in frozen carbonite.I would not recomend parents to buy this for kids since I can see them bored VERY easily by it .
 Good excercise in building and painting , but not for playing . This did n't hold up well when played with as a toy . I think it 's great that the kid can put it together and then decorate it , but , after they do that , it 'd probably be better to put it on display on a shelf and not let anyone play with it or else the parts will start snapping .
 There are some neat pieces here , like the animals for the Gungans to ride . There 's a small cart for storage of `` energy balls '' -LRB- clear blue 1x1 cylinders -RRB- that is sorta neat . The Gungan mini-figs are the same as the Jar-Jar ones , but in different clothes . Overall , only bother getting this set if you are working on a big Naboo display and need a bunch of Gungan soldiers .
 Oh no , Lego have got to be joking . The most awful alien life forms ever seen on the TV or cinema screen are brought out in plastic form . This set is worth it for novelty value , I suppose , and it does have some useful pieces like those giant radar dish wheels and those blue lights . And being able to inflict whatever kind of torture you desire on Jar Jar Binks is worth anybody 's money .
 This Naboo Speeder from Lego is a little gem . Although it is not at all exciting and holds little entertainment value or building excitement , it is a great addition to a Lego collector 's collection.It is a sturdy set that closely resembles the vehicle seen in the movie . There is a compartment in the back for keeping blasters or guns or whatever Queen Amidala wants hidden . Quick to build and very simple to complete.No doubt this is an awesome addition to any collection ! Hopefully , Lego will bring out some figures to compliment this vehicle .
 My girls -LRB- ages 4 & 6 -RRB- got these for Christmas last year & LOVED them . They loved them -LRB- 1 -RRB- when one of the unicorn 's hooves was found broken off in the unopened box , -LRB- 2 -RRB- when both unicorns ' horns fell off within -LRB- literally -RRB- minutes of unwrapping them , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- when one 's entire leg broke off a couple weeks later.If your child is looking for unicorn figures to play with , this is NOT the set to buy . Even assuming the legs/hooves do n't break off , the horns surely will , rendering the unicorns , merely third-rate horses .
 I got these for my birthday a year or two ago , I still remember when I got them.My parents had shipped them to our home and they arrived on the exact day of my birthday . I was thrilled when I saw them as I had loved unicorns ever since I was five years old , I was 12 or 13 at the time.Well , the toy unicorns were meant to be decoration for my room . When I opened the package I was in shock to find that the ` Romeo ' unicorn 's horn had already fallen off . Minutes later I 'm sorry to say that ` Juliet 's ' horn had also fallen off.So there I was with two alicornless unicorns and my parents were completely angered . I glued the horns back on with super glue but it did n't work that well.If you 're looking for unicorn toys for your child there are many others out there . DO NOT buy these . They are of cheap make and look rather horrid . The toys themselves lack the beauty and graze the typical unicorn should have . The legs break off easy , the body is rather flimsy . It 's in sad condition when you first buy it !
 They are n't worth your money AT ALL ! There manes and tails are easily pushed up and roughed up my electricty . There horns are n't glued on easily and you can not push there manes and tails back into position . There whole body could easily be snapped in half if you pulled lightly on there sides .
 There are too many Mario dolls . Who would want to buy another one . If you want to be broke , then get every doll . Mario is retard .
 I GOT MY SON THIS LAST YEAR JUST KNOWING HE WOULD LOVE THIS AS HE LOVES TO HIT AND SMASH EVERYTHING !! THE DOUGH WAS N'T EASY TO HANDLE AND THE MOLDS WERE N'T VERY GOOD . I EVEN JUST MOLDED SOME MONSTERS OF MY OWN OUT OF PLAY DOUGH AND USED PLAY DOUGH MOLDS BUT HE WAS JUST NEVER INTERESTED IN THIS . I THINK IT 'S A GREAT IDEA FOR A GAME AS MANY KIDS WOULD LOVE TO `` SMASH '' THEIR OPPONENT BUT I DO N'T THINK THERE ARE ENOUGH ACCESSORIES AND I DID N'T THINK THE GAME WAS THAT INTERESTING EITHER . I WOULD N'T RECOMMEND IT .
 SOMEHOW MY OVERALL STARS ONLY SHOWED TWO . I RATE IT AT A 4 OVERALL . THIS IS NOT AN EDUCATIONAL TOY AND I GUESS THAT BROUGHT THE AVERAGE OVERALL LOWER THEN I IT SHOULD BE . THE RATINGS CAN NOT BE EDITED . SO I HOPE PEOPLE READ THIS WRITTEN REVIEW . REPEAT - I RATE OVERALL AT 4 STARS.A perfect size and price for the younger horse lover . This set is smaller then he Collectible Breyers , but for her age it was perfect . Priced reasonably . As she gets older she will graduate into the full size Breyer Collectibles at a greater price . But Breyers makes a great , realistic , detailed line and this set delighted her because it was smaller and she could play with it .
 The Barbie lunchbox does not come with an insulated thermos as shown . Instead it comes with a cheap sports bottle . Not worth the price .
 Dollar General carries this same lunch box -LRB- ... -RRB- everyday , not a sale price . And , theirs comes with extra tupperware containers and lots of coupons for kids meals and fruit snacks . This is a rip off.My 4 year old loves it , but it is difficult to open .
 I bought this product because I was having such a hard time finding a thermos for my daughter . Unfortunately this did n't come with the thermos it was advertised to come with . It came with a really cheap sports bottle instead . Other wise it 's a regular lunchbox and if that 's what your looking for it will suit your needs .
 This item didnt last very long it was not worth the price for the length of time it was used .
 I thought this product would be larger . The pieces were small & difficult for my granddaughters , ages 4 and 6 to handle .
 I purchased this item during Christmas for my daughter . It came in a small tin . It is not worth the money . I found a life size Barbie for ten dollars with more clothes and accesories . I also found one at Kmart for less than five dollars with more accessories and a taller doll . I feel cheated because I ca n't even return without paying shipping which was the same price as the doll so , I will feel like I purchased the doll three times . If shipping was free then maybe it would not have hurt so bad . Look for it at your local department store . I thought no one carried it anymore but they do.Snow White Magnetic Paper Doll
 I understood from the other reviews to expect some variation from the picture , but there was not one car in the entire set . Instead , I received a set consisting of jacked-up , bizarre looking ` off-roaders ' -- barely recognizable to my 2-year-old as cars . I get the feeling that Amazon has gotten its hand on some pretty bad surplus sets . In any case , DO NOT BUY this set if you want Matchbox CARS .
 I have purchased Tolo Toys in the past with great success , unfortunately this one does not work properly all the time . I would try to return it , but my 13 month old son loves it and plays with it all day long .
 We purchased this at a specialty toy store ; they raved about this toy . The construction workers ' arms , legs , and head click as they move . Also , the front loader moves up and down . The worker and vehicle are very durable . You can push down on the seat to hear the horn and `` start '' the engine . The vehicle moves forward about 8 feet and then giggles . It is a very loud toy . There is no way to change the volume . My one year old son does not play with this toy right now -LRB- other than throwing the worker onto the tile floor -RRB- , perhaps when he is a little older for imaginary play . I expected a lot from this toy for the price and do not think it was worth the $ 40 .
 12 - year - old Katlyn Moris sits on her bed playing with her favorite dolls ever - the Bratz . She thinks they make her sound grown up and cool by playing Bratz . She pretends the Bratz are going to parties , drinking and doing other sick things . A week later , she is is caught in her mothers room smoking a cigarette - 3 weeks later , she wears a mini skirt , 10 inch high heels and a see - through top to school , and starts to act all sassy and superfical like the Bratz . She also wears a pound of ugly make up to school . she curses , kicks , and yells at her mom . She threatens to kill herself if she does n't get her way . Slowly , she starts to get involved with drugs and alcahol and then joins a gang of ` older ' girls ... a week after she joins the group ... she is found murdered in a back alley ... all because of the bratz ...
 I hate Bratz dolls but my friend Makayla likes bratz dolls and when I handed out a paper to stop the bratty dolls called Bratz she did rudely re-write my work -LRB- on her paper only -RRB- but she is n't like those other girls who curse and tell people to shut up.Stop saying that all bratz fans act rude !!!!!!!!
 It is obvious from your review that Bratz are indeed terrible role models . For a child to be saying shutup and calling someone stupid is extremely disrespectful . I do not allow my daughter to play with Bratz either . She sees enough live girls walking around acting and dressing inappropriately . For me to condone her playing with these dolls would be me saying it 's ok for her to dress and act disrespectully . I hope someday you realize that these are definitely not the role models you want to look up to .
 They 've made a TON of cloe 's but not enough sasha 's or jades!i sooooooo agree . and i think we need more dana 's and meygans.i do like the doll .
 The Bratz DID kill Katlyn Moris !! she was my BEST FRIEND and now she 's gone all because of the BRATZ !!!!!!! THEY KILLED HER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY MADE HER WEAR SASSY CLOTHES , FOR GODS SAKES !!!!!! Janna
 They 've made a TON of cloe 's but not enough sasha 's or jades!i sooooooo agree . and i think we need more dana 's and meygans.i do like the doll .
 I hate bratz too . I feel bad for you . I am sorry for the loss of your friend .
 That person was pretending to be ME ! BRATZ KILLED Katlyn Moris ! Its a sad tale but its true ! beleive me!Janna
 Katlyn Moris was a very dear friend of mine and the Bratz made her do drugs and steel and wear sassy clothes ! When she was murdered by those Bratz dolls my family and i took them and burned them in the fire !!!!!!!!! BRATZ ARE THE WORST . AND IF YOU PLAY BRATZ , YOULL END UP D-E-A-D JUST LIKE Katlyn Moris !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! READ MY STORY A FEW REVIEW DOWN AND YOULL AGREE WITH ME !!! Janna
 I would never allow one of these trashy dolls in my house . My daughter calls them `` slutz '' . PARENTS NEED TO EXAMINE THEIR HEADS ! Well when your 12 year old is dressing this way and has been having sex since age 10 , you know who to blame . Their CERTAINLY is a demographic buying this doll , NOT mine . But I do not wear trashy clothes , smoke crack and `` live large '' .
 You can not play this game . It has like four pieces . It is only for show . I got this for my son-in-law because he collects Monopoly games and it was very disappointing .
 It is true that the shuttle does ride piggy back on this 747 ... as long as you either a
 The picture makes it look alot bigger and fun than it is . The slides tip over when the kids are on it , they cannon slide down feet first or they will tip over . It 'd be a fine wading pool , but the slides take most of the room and the price really makes it stink . Also , there are like 14 different sections to put air in , making it cumbersome to fill and put away to store . overall , a 10 dollar wading pull would be more fun for the kids . The slides are a joke .
 My kids talked me into this pool . The slides are more dangerous than fun and require constant adult intervention . Kids will quickly want to go head first and will hit their heads on the bottom on such a shallow pool . Even when you tie the slides down they fall over , even with toddler sized kids climbing on them . The drain valve ripped off on our second day of use . It 's a great deal smaller than in the picture . . dimensions stated related to the slides , not to the pools . Any two foot deep inflatable pool is way better , especially if the bottom inflates for cushioning .
 Just like Dan said , the pictures on the box make it look a lot cooler than it is . -LRB- Photoshop works wonders , does n't it ! -RRB- When we got the thing inflated , with slides and water in it , there was hardly any room for my kids ! Despite tying the slides down , they still constantly floated and flipped around -LRB- because they 're full of air -RRB- . Despite spending $ 30 for the pool , I was happy that the racoons got to it on the second night we had it . What a waste of money . Our next pool will be a larger hard plastic pool with a slide .
 This pool is a rediculous example of false advertising . Looking at the tale or stairs into the pool you will note triangles that indicate the number of steps . In reality their is one step . The child sliding out of the pool appears to have perhaps 2 or 3 feet to descend this is not so . My five year old can sit at the top of the slide and have about 6 inchesbefor her feet touch the ground . The feet appear to be pillow size . They are in fact no larger than a football . The two children in the pool would be touching knees in reality . The box tells you that you can not return this product to the store . Tonight I will call the company and demand either the pool I bought or a full refund .
 I purchased this product because I loved the 2 slides - one going into the pool and one going out . My 2 year old can not fit in the pool with both slides in place . Not only that - the slides must be tied to the pool and the strings that they give you are way too small so I had to use shoe laces . Even when the slide is tied in place it rises once the water is filled in the pool . It is very unstable - even my six year old can not use the slide without falling .
 Ok , I got this yesterday for my son.Got it home , took forever to pump up all of the compartments , and only when we got both slides done , we were saying `` where 's the hose attachment ? '' On the front , you see a kid sliding down one slide with water flowing down . On the back it states `` easily attaches to any hose '' or something along that idea.Well ... No hose , no flowing water , and a truly irritating assembly overall.It went back before any water ever went in . Thankfully ToysRUs took it back without any issue.A very bad product and extremely bad advertising . STAY AWAY !!!!!
 I bought this for my 5 year old son at Walmart about a week ago -LRB- paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- I would have been twie as bad if I had paid almost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- !!! Anyways , the picture on the box looks ALOT bigger than it actually is . One person cant slide down the slide while one person is in the pool let alone have 2 people sitting in it ! The slide is so small and when you turn on the hose to let the sprinklers come down the orange top collopses and has no use ! My son was very dissapointed and so am I ! They really should put another picture on the box that is @ least closer to the acutal size ! I usually dont write reveiws but just had to warn everyone , the box is lying when it says up to 12 years old , I would recommend it MAYBE for 1-4 year olds !
 My husband bought this pool for our 4 kids . We discovered what most other buyers did
 DO NOT BUY THIS POOL !!! The slide on the pool does not stay secured -- we knew what we were doing and had to tie it with something other than the ties that came with it . The slide slowly deflated some and the kids -LRB- 3 year olds x2 -RRB- were afraid to do up it . It was so wobbly that both took their spill off the side of it !!! Also , the whole pool was alot smaller than the box looked . The canopy was floppy and cheap !! The water fall hose leaked immediatly !! I was glad that we received this as a gift and did not spend the money . We will be taking down after one time of use -- the company should recall this product -- the slide is a joke !!!
 I thought this would be an ideal pool for my two little ones . WRONG ! it took awhile to blow up and when it was finished , there was a leak in the seam and the slide had a hole in it . I have contacted the manufacturer and they refuse to address the issue . I guess that means the customer is out $ 30.00 . GREAT ! I would choose another play pool made by a different company . One that practices good customer service .
 I bought this pool thinking it looked like fun for my 1 & 5 year old . Little did I know the dumb thing wo n't stay inflated for more than an hour . I only owned this item for 1 week and it was used only twice . Each time I had to spend 30 minutes blowing it up with a pump , just for it to deflate over half way in only one hour . The kids did n't get to enjoy it because it would start to collapse and even the slide would n't stay tied to the pool itself . The attachment that has the basketball goal leans and ends up detaching after 5 minutes with or without a windy day . This product was made cheaply , even though for a blow up pool , it was one of the most expensive pools to select from . Do n't waste your time or money !!!
 The product seems about 30-40 % smaller than the picture on the box . The Wild Waves Water Park packaging shows a large pool with several children in and around it . When I inflated the pool , it was so small I could n't believe it.Do not buy this product.Banzai is up to their old tricks . In June 2006 , Banzai received a letter from the Federal Trade Commission outlining the Commission 's findings on another Banzai product , `` Falls Water Slide . '' The complaint was the Banzai product was depicted larger than it was -LRB- see FTC File No. 062 3018 -RRB- . If you have already purchased this pool , consider taking a digital photo of the product with kids in it and send the photo to the Federal Trade Commission . Be sure to reference that Banzai is a repeat offender , having been previous investigated by the FTC for this same trickery . -LRB- Note
 We purchased this pool for a 2 and 5 year old , and after about 2 minutes , we knew we had a dud . First off , the pool is TINY . Sure , the dimensions are on the box , but it is hard to visualize in the store ... and you do n't know how they are measuring -LRB- i.e. from the end of the slide to the end of the pool , or just the pool , etc. -RRB- . The pool is so small that regardless of where my 2 year old stood , when my 5 year old came down the slide , she took her sister out like a bowling pin . Sure , the 5 year old laughed , but the 2 year old was not impressed . Then there is the arch . It is held on by four WEAK velcro circles that can not support the heavy arch that is squirting water . So , when my 5 year old was n't knocking down her baby sister , she was trying to reattach the frustrating arch . And in the brief periods when the arch was attached , it shot water straight out of the pool ... rather than into the pool ... no matter how high or low we turned the water on . My grass got a good watering , but not so much for the kids in the pool . And because the arch was always falling over , the basketball game and ring toss were never even attempted . The water gun at the end of the pool does work , though it is not attached , so if a child pulls on it , the hose can come completely out ... ending the fun.I called toyquest , who handles the banzai products , to complain . The customer service agent was very nice and said they get tons of complaints about the banzai pools ... especially about the size misrepresentation . She said she would log my complaint , but that I should take the product back to the store . I told her the flyer in the box said the item could not be returned once opened , and she said that corporate puts that in the box hoping they can convince you to keep it and not return it . Luckily this agent did n't follow the company line . We returned this over priced pool and settled for a $ 20 one with no bells and whistles ... since the bells and whistles do n't work anyway . It is a shame the pool does n't live up to the picture on the box , as it would be tons of fun if it did .
 the box shows 2 BIGGER kids sitting in the pool and one going down the slide with room to spare ... My son is almost 2 ... he and one other kid may fit in that pool , that 's IT !!! The dementions say the pool is supposed to be 74 inches long 54 inches wide and 13.5 inches high . However blown up at best the outside measurements of the pool are 70 inches long , 51 inches wide and 10.5 high and that 's being generous . There are 4 ring tosses in the picture , 2 on the actual pool . I called ToyRUs about it and was told by Jackie at the 800 number they do n't list the size of the pool so it 's not their problem . I wrote the manufactuer and have gotten ZERO responce ! That being said my son has played in it a few times , though he has a hard time getting up on the slide because it moves around quite a bit he has fun with it . The pool is rated for kids older then 3 and frankly next year my son will be too big for this pool ! With the shipping costs it was n't worth the money !
 I strongly agree with the other reviews -LRB- which I wish I read before buying the pool -RRB- . False ad , poor quality , a bath tub is definitely bigger ... they shoud be sued !
 Save your money . The hose came off with any pressure . The arch falls over into the water . It does not have room for one child . Of course , the pamphlet says , `` This product can not be returned for a refund after it has been unpacked and used.How do you know how it will work unless you do the unpacking and using.I guess this is how the company makes it money . They should be put out of business .
 I was not please with this item when we set it up the kids were too big for this pool it is for toddlers and not children over the age of 5years old . It was a waste of my money to have purchased this item .
 unbelievable that this false advertising is allowed to occur - the size of the pool is less than half of the photoshopped box picture .
 Well , everyone has already said it . Glad to know I am not the first . The photo on the front shows about 7 kids on it , all about 6-7 years old and there is room for more . When you blow it up , it fits maybe 2-3 toddlers , 2-5 years old . So I guess the had fun , but had I read these reviews first and knowing what I know now , I would have bought another product . The hosing for the `` stomp '' button broke for me out of the box . Probably would n't last long . So I had to hook the hose directly to the arch . Once the water flows , it kind of weighs it down causing the arch to fall over . It sticks to the sides will velcro and it just does not stick . Anyway the photo is VERY MISLEADING . I was like ... WOW ! really ? this photo is a bit overboard . Anyway , that is my two cents .
 This is absolute junk . As everyone else has identified , the picture is horribly misleading . Also , the fact that you have to use Velcro and rope to put it together further reinforces the fact that it 's junk . And do n't even think about deflating it , unless you slice it with a razor blade -LRB- which is what I did -RRB- , you 'll never get all the air out .
 ANY positive reviews had to be writen by marketers . The recommended age for this product is 3 to 12 but it is only big enough for a 1 to 3 year old . The less than sturdy slide takes up half of the maybe 4ft pool , so if my average sized 6yr old tried to slide his feet hit the edge before he can even splash . The slide surface itself is about two feet so you are done before you start . False advertisement does n't begin to describe this atrocity . Banzai , Amazon and Toys R Us aught to be ashamed . PLEASE DO N'T THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY !!!
 So i saw the pic and thought that it would be pretty big at least big enough for my 5 and 3 year BOY WAS I WRONG the slide does not stay on the orange part with the hoop falls over all the time i ended up taking all the other things off and letting them play with just the pool and still it was not even worth the money it is way to small !!!! I would advise not to spend ur moey on this !
 I got this for my son that just turned 3 . He is taller then the basketball hoop . With him laying down in the pool - he touches both sides . You could barely fit one kid in there . And the top part liens sideways . The slide does n't stay put . Plus my son is bigger then the slide . This picture shows three kids in the pool and on on the slide and one climbing in on the slide - no way . I will prove it.Awful item .
 I bought the item and I do n't have received the item . I want to know what wasthe problem with the purchase.When I will receive the product .
 As every one else has said this pool is tiny maybe good for 1 or 2 toddlers . Picture on the front is NOT accurate . A 6 year old ca n't go down the slide with his legs out because they hit the wall . My 3 year old hardly fit . Buy a sprinkler for $ 5.00 my kids had more fun with that .
 Okay , so I only paid about 30 bucks for it , so I was n't expecting too much . The picture on the box is def misleading , but I was n't suckered on that . I knew for the price it would not be big . I have a 2 and 4 y/o . The size is perfect for them . Okay , now to my problems . Two parts that blow up do not stay inflated -LRB- from the get go -RRB- . The slide is so rickety and unstable , I 'm scared one of them is going to fall and hurt themselves . The arch keeps falling forward . Again , I was n't expecting a lot but it was n't even worth 30 bucks . Ahhhh , I 'm pretty disappointed . I actually wish I could have rated it with 0 stars . Oh well ... live and learn . I wo n't buy anything by Banzai again . : -LRB-
 We purchased this pool from Toys R Us thinking it looked like fun for our 2 year old . We thought she would love the slide and the basketball hoop . Unfortunately the slide barely held air and she could not use it and the basketball hoop never stayed attaced to the pool . We only had this for a little over a month when it just deflated ! We could not find a hole anywhere . This is obviously a problem others have had . It was not worth the money at all !
 This toy is terrible . The mechanics of it are weak . The slide is a total hazard and the only way to make it work is to tie it with the four cheesy pieces of rope they include with the toy . Honestly , it 's one of the worst toys I have ever bought.ALSO - There is a disclaimer in the packaging telling the consumer they can not return the product to the store ... Complete waste of money . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 This pool is a waste of money . It is alot smaller that the picture on the box . It looked like the pool should be about 108-120 inches long . It does not have the pool dimensions anywhere on the box . It had a patch job already on it . Also you can not return to the store you have the call the company . DO NOT BUY THIS POOL .
 This was a huge waste of $ , even if it was only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ! Much smaller than shown -LRB- is it legal to `` photo shop '' something you are selling ? -RRB- , the air doesnt stay in , and as soon as i turned the sprinkler on -LRB- ever so slightly -RRB- it split the plastic tube ! And customer service is always busy and does not respond to emails but Toys R US did take it back with no problem , even though the associate said none others were complained or returned , I find that hard to believe ! What a was of time and $ !
 this pool is of poor quality ... and the best is you ca n't return it ... the picture on the box is false advertising ... it is much smaller and there is no way kids of that age could use this pool this pool has a recommended age of 3 ... I would say age 1-5 the most ... it is way too small . . only about 4 or 5 feet long so the slide takes up half the pool ... and there are no dimensions on the box to tell you the size ... oh yes they give you a customer number on the box and on the display at toys r us ... but the number was busy all day ... b/c the girl in customer service was trying to call it ... what a waste of money ... do n't buy it ...
 The sprinkler canopy is useless now after only 1 hour of use . The hose connector and plastic tube ripped open . We had the water from the hose going in very slow and the tube was bludging at the area where it attaches to the hose right from the beginning . We turned down the water and it would n't spray , you turn up the water and it buldges . We had a feeling it was going to burst and it did.It stinks that you ca n't return it to the store where purchased , you have to contact the manufacturer.I wish I had read these reviews before I wasted my money.I would have given this 0 stars but you had to give it atleast 1 star when writing the review !!!!!!!!!!!
 The pool is not O.K. , and the slide is not so good for the kids . All it has is one step that my kids can barrly get on . according to the pitcure the pool is suposed to be huge , right , but the slide really takes up almost the whole pool . The arch with the basketball hoop dose not stay sraight most of the time . I recomend to not buy this pool .
 I bought this at toys r us without seeing any reviews . Right away I noticed that the dimensions of the pool were not as pictured . The picture on the box is horribly skewed and not very representative of the product . My husband used a zip tie to hold the slide down , so we fixed that problem . But , our sprinkler also burst open . One of the rings had a hole in it and the patch kit would not hold . My daughter is fearless and braved the flimsiness of the slide , but her guest was leary of it for good reason . We followed all directions precisely and still found it ill designed . For the day that we had it functioning , our daughter loved it . However , it is not maintainable due to its poor construction . You have to `` rig '' it to use it and I have too many safety concerns .
 We purchased this pool for our 3 year old . We immediately had to remove the slide - it is super dangerous ... way to high and no landing room - the picture of the pool is NOT what it is like when you blow it up . With the slide in it there is only about 18 '' of pool space . After removing the slide our son flopped down to splash in the water and one of the rings on the bottom that holds the slide cut his butt through a swimmer diaper - made a hole that would not stop bleeding and had a huge bruise around it . This pool should NOT BE SOLD . Not only is it mis-advertised it is dangerous . I bought it at Wal-Mart and I will be returning it . PARENTS BEWARE - DO NOT BUY THIS POOL !!!
 My daughters , 5 and 7 , had this unit as well as a few others to choose from . I would n't have added this as an option if I knew how truly small it is and awful and unsteady the slide is . We were going by on box comments and pictures mostly ... biggest mistake ever ! The kids quoted on the box say ages 6 and 7 , however , this is way too small for children of this age so I do n't know what 6 and 7 year olds they got to play in it and say such wonderful things . The worst part is the slide though . It should come already attached to the unit . Its extremely unstable and the nylon rope -LRB- all 4 inches they supply you -RRB- is way way too short and comes untied all the time . It does not hold up to the weight of my very tiny and skinny 5 year old . She tried to step up on it to go down it and tipped over hitting her head hard . The whole unit is just awful . I guess the only positive thing I can say is that it holds water so my kiddos to get to get a little wet on warm days . For $ 40 I would definitely buy something else ...
 I bought this last year and there are a couple things that need improvement
 The size of the poole is very misleading . but I did find a use for it -LRB- or part of it -RRB- . if you seperate the sprinkler part of the pool and place it over a slip and slide it creates a neat tunnel for kids to slide under . otherwise I bought the pool about a year ago and have decided that it is more of a hastle to set up than it is worth . we have only used it half a dozen times at best . it is -LRB- as many others have mentioned -RRB- much smaller than you are lead to beive by the pictures
 I got this for my then 4yo son last summer at a store for a reduced price -LRB- thank God ! -RRB- The pool itself is a decent size & he had a blast playing in it ... but put the slide in & you lose 1/4 of your pool . The slide Kept coming untied from the little anchors at the bottom of the pool the orange `` hoop '' velcros onto the pool and if its hot outside it droops hitting the slider . It also comes off very easily especially if the hose is attatched and on . The `` waterfall '' sprays more out of the attatchment than it does down onto the swimmers ... in short Its sooooo not worth the money !! Get another product !!!!
 This would be great if your kids were 3 apples high . 1 normal size child can fit on it at one time .
 This pool is barely big enough for my 4 year old and 1 year old . The picture on the box is extremely misleading . My kids seem to enjoy it enough , but when my 4 year old slides , he has to wait for his 1 year old sister to step out of the pool because there is n't enough room for both of them . I would say the size of this pool is for 1-2 children ages 2-4 maximum . I would be very upset with this purchase if I had paid full price , but luckily I got a really good deal , so I am merely irritated .
 This pool is not worth any amount of money . The pool is tiny . The slide is attached to the pool with 4 pieces of string . It floats up a little so that the steps and slide are suspended . The arch leans forward , and when you attach the water hose , if falls over completely . I would use it as just a plain pool without the slide and arch , but there are four big plastic rings on the bottom of the pool for the slide to attach to . This would make playing on that side of the pool very uncomfortable . Do n't buy this pool .
 Terrible toy , thought it would be larger than it is !! Falls apart cause the arch basketball ring toss is detachable , basically over priced pool !
 Shortly after receiving this pool I started getting calls from family members wanting to come over and use the new fun park in my backyard . Myself and four other people entered the pool and had very little room to move around . The slide exploded when my father-in-law used it . My brother kicked my in the eyeball when he jumped in . He 's always been an idiot though . The pool later started my house on fire.All in all a fun time but I 'll never get my 6 square feet of lawn back the way it was .
 I bought this for my 3 year old since he seemed to enjoy running under the sprinkler . The pool itself is ok , the slide seems sturdy but like other people have said keeping it in place is all but useless . Not to mention it 's awkward for sitting down on and not much room to slide . The arch piece that works as the sprayer is a piece of junk . The material is so thin that within 30 minutes the seal near the hose was broken . I also had to keep the air pump outside . The side of the arch that holds the water lasts about 10 minutes before it deflates and collapses . Aside from the shortcomings my son did have fun with it but to have to fill the thing constantly and have to hold the slide in place so he does n't fall off is n't worth it .
 I thought this pool would be great for my 5 year old and 1 year old sons . I put the whole pool together only to realize that you have to tie down the slide which does n't stay and if someone goes to step on the stairs , the slide comes up from the pool . The strings are so small that if you have big hands , GOOD Luck on trying to tie it . After we got it all set up and went to get the springler turn on , the seam exploded and there went the springler . I think that this slide was made very poorly and its not worth the money at all . But hey if you want to go try it , good luck .
 I purchased this pool for my 3 year old son and was NOT happy . First of all the pool is so much smaller than the picture shown and secondly the slide is such a waste of space ! For safety reasons you need the slide attached because there are 4 large plastic connectors for the slide to attach to . On the first day my son got a bruise on his side from the slide slightly moving and him falling on it . On the second day the slide popped . Not good quality and small . I do not recommend this pool !
 It shows 4 kids ages 5-7 on the box fitting in the pool comfortably . It even has the kids `` reviews '' of the pool stating their ages !!! No way my one 5 year old fits mostly the entire length of the pool himself . I could not believe what a false advertisement this was . We left it blown up and returned it to the store . At first the lady said `` Well you know all companies try to sell their products to make them look better '' . Then my husband set the thing up onto the counter and all the cashier could d was laugh . It was ridiculous . This pool is appropriate for a very small toddler only !!
 Pool is much smaller than pictured . The slide is not attached . you have to blow up and attach the slide with provided ropes so the slide tips over very easily . The top orange arch leans forward to the point where we just remove it . Do n't buy this pool .
 Bought this pool at a local retail store . The box says it 's 87x52x50 . The actual pool measurements after inflated are
 I wonder where they found those tiny children to model in the advertisement ! Seriously , those kids must only be a foot or two tall . Hmmm ...
 I bought this over the summer on a particularly hot day expecting that the kids would be able touse this as an alternative to being at our local pool everyday . This item is so incredibly misleading that Iwill never consider another of their products . It is ridiculously small . Everyone who has posted here is telling you the truth . Stay far , far away from this . It is flimsy , poorly designed -LRB- velcro , thin plastic -RRB- and not much bigger than a baby pool . I 've been ripped off before , but there was usually some silver lining . This thing is the pits !
 This pool is a POS . Pure and simple . Once all the bits are put together -LRB- which took a good chunk of time ! -RRB- there 's barely any room for the kids to play , much less try and go down a slide . Speaking of the slide , it 's completely useless as it would n't hold the weight of my 33lb 3y/o to crawl up the `` stairs '' and was so unstable , I was actually scared for the kids ' safety . The basketball hoop part of it was just ridiculous ! The arch with the basketball hoop , once the water was running through it , would lean from the weight of the water and w/o water running through it , it would lean the other way blocking the slide ! The basketball hoop itself never did stay up , no matter how much air we put in it and the hoops and basketball were flimsy and poorly made . Emptying the pool took forever b/c of a poorly designed and placed drain plug . The entire experience with this pool just makes me angry . Especially since the box says that you ca n't even return it to the store , but you have to call the company with any complaints . This pool was a waste of $ 40 .
 Other reviewers are right on . The box is very misleading about depicting the product size and capacity . The idea is nice but the final product is poorly made . Even fully inflated it is flimsy and cheesy feeling , so do n't expect a lot of durability . But I 'm not really surprised as it seems typical with this brand . I previously purchase a similar product by the same manufacturer and it had the same problems ; like an inflatable palm tree ` canopy ' sprinkler that actually collapsed when you ran water through it . The picture looked like a lot of fun but the actual product was another story . And yes - as a graphic designer it is obvious that the product photo on the packaging has been altered creatively with Photoshop or another image editing program . It may actually violate truth in labeling laws , but I am no attorney.Bottom line is that this brand seems to represent the epitome of ` cheaply made imported goods ' that are grossly sensationalized on the product packaging . Look elsewhere for something worthwhile , or at least get it dirt cheap at somewhere like Big Lots .
 Most people are right about the misrepresentation of the picture and its size . It has been Photoshopped and it calls for mis-advertisement lawsuit . Amazon and Toys R US must take this product down until the product faces up and be truthful as to what it represent . It must state the dimension and it must say that picture is not proportionate . It is the worst product I 'd ever bought from Toys R US and I 'll never go to Six Flags ! Do n't buy it . Need a consumer advocate .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!The photos are horribly , HORRIBLY misleading . The actual product is * barely * large enough for two toddlers . The idea that two , three , four or five kids can play on it as shown in the photos is about as far from reality as you can get . The slide is useless for kids over 4 , the arch and basket are flimsy for most kids , and the pool itself is barely larger than a bathtub . This really ought to be pulled from the shelves for misleading advertising.Save your money and avoid this product .
 Please do n't waste your money on this pool . I used a hand pump and it took forever to blow up . The bottom of the pool had to be pumped up daily because it leaks air . We attached to hose to the orange sprinkler section and after one day it ripped wide open and therefore the water sprinkler can not be used . Might as well have bought a cheap plastic pool because that is all it is good for now . What a terrible product .
 I will agree with everyone else . This product is so much junk and so misrepresented I refuse to even LOOK at another Banzai product . Of course AFTER purchasing this I read the reviews on this . I also looked and every other Banzai product has similiar reviews of misrepresentation . Only some of Banzais products even have the dimensions listed on the box and of those they are deceiving b/c they do n't get you actual pool size for most instead they give you total length and height including the slide and add ons so you only have the picture to use to decide how big the pool portion is . Of course the box also instructs you not to return to the store but to call Banzai which is NO help whatsoever.I must admit I did purchase this for a small 3 yr old and an average to large 1 yr old and it is suitable -LRB- barely -RRB- for them . But based on the box I had hoped my 8 yr old -LRB- small to average -RRB- would be able to use it to while waiting for me to errect her large pool . But there is just NO way my 8 yr old can use this . It is a tiny piece of junk . I know a lot of things are mildly digitally enhanced these days but I have studied the picture and there is just NO way that is the product . I mean I dont know anything about doctoring photos but it is so grossly obvious in this case even a kid could tell . My 3 yr old can barely slide down b/c the other end of the pool is in the way . Plus it is difficult to tie the slide down and even when tied it floats up some which makes the steps be off the ground and hard for my smaller kids to use . The basketball/water spray area had a hole in it straight out of the box even . So basically my toddlers ca n't use it and my older kids are too big for it . We are going to have to settle for it just as the kiddie pool portion . It is such cheap plastic compared to Intex or other brands of inflatable pools that I do n't even think that will last long . I never should have given into my 3 yr olds pleas and should have instead just gotten the Intex plain rectangular pool and used it with our Little Tikes slide.Considering how junky this is yet will take you time to set up and deal with kids dissappointment it would probably be just as easy to just flush $ -LSB- ... -RSB- down the drain and skip the pool .
 I bought this at the Toys R Us store . The box pictures large children playing in the pool area . The size of the pool is very deceiving . It is a small rectangular pool and the slide takes up half of the space in the pool . I have two preschoolers -LRB- ages 2 and 4 -RRB- and this pool is just the right size for them . This pool is MUCH smaller than it looks on the box .
 This pool is NOT as pictured . I bought it because it looked like so much fun but was afraid that it might be too big based on the picture on the box . I got the pool home only to find that the pool is much smaller than pictured . It is only about 5 ' long by 4 ' wide and the slide takes up more than half of the interior of the pool so there 's no room to swim - even for my 3yr old ! My suggestion , buy a regular 10x6 rectangular pool for the same price and use a Little Tikes slide at one end to let the kids slide in for fun , it 's cheaper and more efficient ...
 I should have listened to others ... the pool does not hold air . The slide only held air the first time we used it and now it is worthless . The portion that has the basketball net does not stand up ... so it is useless as well . My advice would be to find something else .
 The picture of this pool is fake . They took a picture of the pool , then added children on a different scale . My 4 year old fits in by himself . That 's it . We did not even receive the top canopy piece in the box . I will never by from Banzai again as now I know the pictures are a lie and that is not what you will get . As far as people complaining about blowing it up , all inflatables are like that . Buy a cheap electric pump .
 I purchased this for my daughter and once it was set up I put the hose onto the orange piece and the plastic split . My daughter was so upset that she was not able to slide . I then could not return the defective product to the store because it was opened and used . I then called the number in the package for their customer service department and they do not anwser it was a busy signal . Now she can not use the product . Buyer Beware !
 For 40 bucks I thought I would at least get a pool that worked ! Since day one the basket ball hoop will NOT stay up it is heavy on one side and tips over into the pool ! I am so frustrated ! And I ca n't return it either . -LRB- These pools are not allowed to be returned -RRB- I bought it at target.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!
 Did not last more than 1 day . After a couple of hours in my backyard under the sun , two holes were created on the main pool and on the top part .
 My neice purchased this pool last week . My 2.5 yr old & her 4yr old had difficulty playing in it because it 's so small ! Even the box shows a 6-7yr old girl & boy having a blast , but it 's TINY ! My nephew could n't slide down the slide because it was too short ! Save your $ $ and just buy an inflatable wading pool for $ 15 . This thing is awful .
 I bought this pool for my three year old son and I regret it so much . The product picture is very misleading , the actual size is about half that size . When we recieved it , the arches had a huge hole in them , making them completly useless . My child had a lot of fun in the pool , for all of two days . The top ring quickly popped and the bottom one soon followed . The hand rails on the slide blow up to different sizes . The slide it self has about two feet of slide . I also have a thirteen year old daughter and I bought this pool in hopes that she would have some where to sit with her friends when it gets hot outside . She could not even stretch her legs out because it was so small . This pool is a complete waste of oil . This is false advertising . They desperatly need to change the photo so that customers can get a actual view at the mistake they are about to make . DO NOT BUY THIS POOL ! There is nothing good about this pool . I read the reviews , but refused to believe that something could be that bad . And it truely is that bad .
 This is the worst pool possible . The slide is pratically unusable . My granddaughter 4 fell off and caught her foot . It is not safe , it is not sturdy , the kids can not safely get on the slide and it would surprise me if someone got seriously hurt !
 I PURCHASED THIS FOR OUR 2 SMALL BOYS AND THIS TURNED OUT TO BE HELL !! IT TOOK FOREVER TO INFLATE THIS EVEN WITH A PUMP , THE BASKETBALL HOOP LEANS OVER AND DOESNT STAY UP , THE STEP TO THE SLIDE IS EXTREMELY SLIPPERY THAT MY SON KEPT SLIPPING OFF OF IT AND I WOULD HAVE TO SIT THERE AND KEEP PICKING HIM UP DO GET ON THE SLIDE . THEN COME TO FIND OUT THERE WAS A HOLE IN THE BACK BOARD OF THE BASKETBALL HOOP AND A HOLE IN THE BOTTOM OF THE POOL !!! THERE FOR WE SENT THIS BACK FOR OUR REFUND AFTER TAKING ALL DAY TO DEFLATE THIS TOO !! I WOULDNT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYBODY AND THE PICTURE IS VERY MISLEADING !! WONT FIT ALL THE KIDS IT SHOWS ON THE BOX !!
 This is the worse $ 42.00 I have spent in a long time . The picture is very misleading and the pool is very cheap and very small . It should say on the box , great for toddlers ! I am taking ours back tomorrow . Save your time and energy . Buy a pool from a different company ! I will never buy another item from Banzai !!
 Just bought this yesterday for my kids ages 3 , 6 , 7 , and 9 . Pool is super small , not what it looks like in their picture . Extremely hard to set up . I have an air pump that I usually use with setting up bigger blow up toys . The valves on this toy are regular mouth blow valves that did n't let me use the pump correctly . It took me an HOUR to set this stupid thing up with anxious kids waiting patiently . The slide is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS !!! Even when ` tied ' to the bottom of pool with the strings , they came untied with in seconds and it was so hard for my kids to try and balance to get to a sitting position . They usually fell off . The arch never stayed in place especially with the hose attached that added the extra weight . The basketball hoop is a joke . the ball does n't even fit through . The whole pool base leaked through the valves and it deflated quickly.This is back in the box and getting returned today .
 Just bought this at Walmart for ~ $ 40 and did n't even get to use it . Thankfully I was able to return it for a refund . Imagine spending 45 minutes or so inflating the pool and then the slide with an excited 3 year old running around , only to realize when the slide is filled that the stopper on the valve just keeps popping right out . After that , I noticed afterwards that the valves on the pool were loose and that the rings were deflating . It was n't fun spending the next half hour deflating the thing with a now very disappointed and hysterical 3 year old venting his frustrations on me . I wo n't be buying anything from Banzai again . Get the simple Intex pool with the soft sides instead ... they are great , and surprisingly durable . I 've had my first -LRB- 6 foot , 13 inch deep , $ 10 -RRB- one for 2 years and it is still in good shape . I just upgraded to an 8 foot , 18 inch deep one for $ 19 . You can buy a cheap $ 25 slide and have a much better setup .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 I bought this item for my daughters first birthday so she 'd leave my phone alone . All it does is makes an annoying sound like loud white noise , there 's absolutely no walkie-talkie action from these at all . Even standing next to each other , they did n't work . Not even the buttons work . Usually w / a toy phone they can still push the buttons and get a dialing sound or something , but these do n't do anything . Definitely not worth a penny !
 This is the worst product I ever bought - ZERO stars should be an option . 5-10 feet is generous , we had to have them 2 feet apart to barely get them to work - kind of pointless for walkie talkies - 9 volt batteries likely means these were designed in 1977 . Do n't buy unless you think 2 pieces of plastic with strawberry shortcake on them are worth $ 20 . I made stickers on my computer to replace the two pictures with mom and dad so at least they are expensive picture frames .
 I bought these for my two daughters -LRB- ages 4 & 5 -RRB- . The girls were VERY excited about playing with these , but they simply do not work . You can barely hear anything through the walkie-talkie and you can only be a few feet apart and directly in line of sight of each other to hear anything through them . The kids could hear each other talking better than coming from the walkie-talkies ! I would highly recommend NOT getting these !!!! We have also tried the Disney Princess wristband / ear clip version will equal success . Very frustrating ! Guess we need to buy real walkie-talkies to get something to work !
 THIS VEHICLE IS NOTHING BUT JUNK . IT DOES NOT MOVE WELL ON THE DRIVEWAY AND DOES NOT MOVE ON THE GRASS AT ALL . MY GRANDSON USES HIS FEET TO PUSH IT WHICH IS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED FROM A $ 100.00 TOY.VERY DISAPPOINTED . I WOULD LIKE TO SEND IT BACK FOR A FULL REFUND .
 What appears to be a nice , handmade product is packaged in a careless way . Sled arrived in a thin crushed cardboard box without cushioning , and wooden frame was broken . Now it is my responsibility to deal with repacking and returning . Really disappointing . A better packing job would have prevented such waste .
 This kicksled ships in two boxes . Apparently , there is no record of this in the Amazon system . I received only one box - a chair , but no runners . Customer service is not at all interested in even checking to see if the other box is in the warehouse - returning it is the only option . So much for the Christmas present ... It might be a better bet to buy this from someone small .
 After receiving this item , I believe it is very overpriced . The size , -LRB- advertised as 13 '' but barely 11 '' -RRB- the quality and the detailing are all very disappointing . To make matters worse , it was sent squashed into a mailing envelope without any protective packing . Sorry I ordered it .
 This product is not awesome . It provides some trivia for the sports lover . But compared with other games out there today and for the price , I think there are better ones to choose . I would not purchase it again .
 Yes , it 's adorable , but this is one tiny backpack . I ordered it for my daughter to use when school starts , but when it arrived , we both realized that it was way too small to try to use to haul her lunchbox or other school stuff . Plus , it feels a little ... um ... fragile for real use . We decided to get her a `` real '' backpack for school and use the doggie for play at home . The next day , the zipper broke . Bummer . I know I should have read the dimensions more carefully ; I 'm just posting this review as a heads-up to other shoppers to make sure and check the size so they 're not surprised , too .
 I expected more from this toy . It makes a whiring noise , and sounds like the real thing . But it does n't really blow air . My son was disappointed with it . The goggles are very cheap , and uncomfortable to wear . They left a red ring around my sons eyes .
 I bought this toy based on the reviews from other people . It looks really cute in the package , but the accessories are made cheaply . The brushes do n't stay in place . The closet rod keeps coming off if you barely bump it . My daughter played with it all of 10 minutes and then was bored because there was so little to do with it . Plus , the hair dryer/sink did n't work very well . The hair dryer kept getting caught . Save your money on this one . On the positive side , the pony is very cute and your kids can use their imagination with the pony all sorts of places .
 We bought this toy for my daughter last Christmas and she has really never played with it . It was not made very well and fell apart rather easily . I would not recommend it .
 These are not sunglasses . They have yellow lenses with black stickers at the bottom . Not what I thought I was getting .
 Love these puzzles to work with my grown kids on rainy days when they come to visit , but this one had a piece missing right on the edge so we knew right away cause we always do the edge first . Not happy about that !
 The water tags are a waste of money . First , the clips are nearly impossible to place on clothing without falling apart . And , contrary to the description , the tags do NOT lose their color when soaked with water ; instead , they turn into a gooey , slimy mess and fall apart . Even that takes a looong time.Don ' t waste your time or money on this product . The kids finally stopped trying to soak the color out of the tags and simply had fun soaking each other .
 We 're either doing something wrong or this toy is garbage . It does n't seem to work very good .
 i buy this product , but the quality and material it 's not good i sell it to a friend ,
 This board game allows you to play football bingo with any football game . It comes with pre-printed cards , a ref hat , a silly yellow flag , and one pen . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I received this product and did not know I had to order a special `` pump '' to go with the product . It was not posted on the order site with the ball nor was it suggested . I was very disappointed . When I finally did get the ball pumped up , it would not hold the air-the plug system does not work ! So now I have a useless ball that is not fully inflated ! I would have given it no stars , but had to select at least one to post this review.Franklin Hopping Ball - 18 ''
 bought this for my 2 1/2 year old son . It leaks from the plug area , it 's currently stored away at the moment . I have purchased these before , my daughter has the dora hopping ball -- no leaks in her 's . Probably this one was just a dud . Bought online since I had a hard time finding in the store .
 I should have read the other reviews . Do n't let the picture deceive you . There is only 1 ball ! IMO , this is way too much $ for just 1 ball !
 I should have read the other reviews . Do n't let the picture deceive you . There is only 1 ball ! IMO , this is way too much $ for just 1 ball !
 Like some of the other reviews , I was n't overly impressed with this product . The letters do n't easily stick to the `` rods '' . My kids to enjoy playing with these in the bath , but we ca n't use it for ` games ' like we thought we would .
 I should have read the other reviews . Do n't let the picture deceive you . There is only 1 ball ! IMO , this is way too much $ for just 1 ball !
 The `` Italian '' words are not authentic because they do n't have the Italian alphabet . The English alphabet is used and the words do n't exist or are misspelled in Italian .
 I was disappointed with the quality of these balls when I received them . One of the two that I ordered split after only one slight use of it . I would consider something different if I were buying again .
 it 's terrible , the rubber was rediculously cheap and actually gota hole in it just from the needle to fill it up , there was no great pressure while inserting it either , it just punctured it like it was paper , so that wasa bad start but the ball still could be used , just needed to put a little air in before use , but then a week later a kid kicked the ball and it hit a vent in the gym and broke , it was n't even on anythign sharp it just busted , terrible ball and cheap rubber , plus it took 2 and a half weeks to get it for it 's 1 week use , waste of money
 I got my order on time and it was correct , but the ball wo n't hold air properly . I think this is due to the way it was packaged and shipped . It arrived deflated and folded up . Once I pumped it up full of air , it still had crease marks from where it was folded during shipping . Within an hour of pumping it full of air , it starts to go flat .
 three of the balls are shaped like eggs . I did not want to pay for shipping to send them back but I was dissappointed with the quality . Balls need to be round to roll properly .
 The balls arrived quickly and were just as they were described . However , the orange one began losing air within the first week and had to be refilled almost daily . Unfortunately , it was completely dead within three weeks . The kids are playing kickball on our blacktop playground , so we need balls that will last longer .
 The 8 '' ball arrived oddly shaped like an egg . It exploded when only half way inflated . The 10 '' ball lost air after the kids played with it two times.Still waiting for a refund to show up in my bank account . Slow email response from this company . We found a similar ball at Walmart for a dollar less . This ball has been in several adult kickball games without a problem !
 Good for the price but not long lasting ... . they pop ang get slashed easily . Would be better for an indoor gym not best for outdoor blacktop or concrete .
 This ball seems to be very durable , but has very little bounce to it . I bought it for my 2 year old to kick around . Its too big for him right now , but that is compounded by the fact that the ball just doesnt have much spring or bounce . It may be good for a dodgeball kind of game , but no so much for kicking around .
 This ball seems to be very durable , but has very little bounce to it . I bought it for my 2 year old to kick around . Its too big for him right now , but that is compounded by the fact that the ball just doesnt have much spring or bounce . It may be good for a dodgeball kind of game , but no so much for kicking around .
 This was almost an empty box with some very simple experiments that can be done with household materials . There were some wire coils , foil , and not much else ! There was no circuit board or any useful material . For a few dollars more and no shipping charge more we found a fine electrical set at Radio Shack .
 When the box was opened it did not contain the mirrors -LRB- kit 22 -RRB- ! There were two electricity -LRB- kit 23 -RRB- ! The kit was not what I expected for the money that I spent ! Disappointed !
 three of the balls are shaped like eggs . I did not want to pay for shipping to send them back but I was dissappointed with the quality . Balls need to be round to roll properly .
 The balls arrived quickly and were just as they were described . However , the orange one began losing air within the first week and had to be refilled almost daily . Unfortunately , it was completely dead within three weeks . The kids are playing kickball on our blacktop playground , so we need balls that will last longer .
 The 8 '' ball arrived oddly shaped like an egg . It exploded when only half way inflated . The 10 '' ball lost air after the kids played with it two times.Still waiting for a refund to show up in my bank account . Slow email response from this company . We found a similar ball at Walmart for a dollar less . This ball has been in several adult kickball games without a problem !
 Good for the price but not long lasting ... . they pop ang get slashed easily . Would be better for an indoor gym not best for outdoor blacktop or concrete .
 I was disappointed with the quality of these balls when I received them . One of the two that I ordered split after only one slight use of it . I would consider something different if I were buying again .
 it 's terrible , the rubber was rediculously cheap and actually gota hole in it just from the needle to fill it up , there was no great pressure while inserting it either , it just punctured it like it was paper , so that wasa bad start but the ball still could be used , just needed to put a little air in before use , but then a week later a kid kicked the ball and it hit a vent in the gym and broke , it was n't even on anythign sharp it just busted , terrible ball and cheap rubber , plus it took 2 and a half weeks to get it for it 's 1 week use , waste of money
 I got my order on time and it was correct , but the ball wo n't hold air properly . I think this is due to the way it was packaged and shipped . It arrived deflated and folded up . Once I pumped it up full of air , it still had crease marks from where it was folded during shipping . Within an hour of pumping it full of air , it starts to go flat .
 I should have read the other reviews . Do n't let the picture deceive you . There is only 1 ball ! IMO , this is way too much $ for just 1 ball !
 three of the balls are shaped like eggs . I did not want to pay for shipping to send them back but I was dissappointed with the quality . Balls need to be round to roll properly .
 The balls arrived quickly and were just as they were described . However , the orange one began losing air within the first week and had to be refilled almost daily . Unfortunately , it was completely dead within three weeks . The kids are playing kickball on our blacktop playground , so we need balls that will last longer .
 The 8 '' ball arrived oddly shaped like an egg . It exploded when only half way inflated . The 10 '' ball lost air after the kids played with it two times.Still waiting for a refund to show up in my bank account . Slow email response from this company . We found a similar ball at Walmart for a dollar less . This ball has been in several adult kickball games without a problem !
 Good for the price but not long lasting ... . they pop ang get slashed easily . Would be better for an indoor gym not best for outdoor blacktop or concrete .
 I was disappointed with the quality of these balls when I received them . One of the two that I ordered split after only one slight use of it . I would consider something different if I were buying again .
 it 's terrible , the rubber was rediculously cheap and actually gota hole in it just from the needle to fill it up , there was no great pressure while inserting it either , it just punctured it like it was paper , so that wasa bad start but the ball still could be used , just needed to put a little air in before use , but then a week later a kid kicked the ball and it hit a vent in the gym and broke , it was n't even on anythign sharp it just busted , terrible ball and cheap rubber , plus it took 2 and a half weeks to get it for it 's 1 week use , waste of money
 I got my order on time and it was correct , but the ball wo n't hold air properly . I think this is due to the way it was packaged and shipped . It arrived deflated and folded up . Once I pumped it up full of air , it still had crease marks from where it was folded during shipping . Within an hour of pumping it full of air , it starts to go flat .
 This does not look like Barbie - Fashion Feever - Ken Suede Pants Outfit ! It looks like an African American Barbie Doll in a wedding dress !! What gives ?
 three of the balls are shaped like eggs . I did not want to pay for shipping to send them back but I was dissappointed with the quality . Balls need to be round to roll properly .
 The balls arrived quickly and were just as they were described . However , the orange one began losing air within the first week and had to be refilled almost daily . Unfortunately , it was completely dead within three weeks . The kids are playing kickball on our blacktop playground , so we need balls that will last longer .
 The 8 '' ball arrived oddly shaped like an egg . It exploded when only half way inflated . The 10 '' ball lost air after the kids played with it two times.Still waiting for a refund to show up in my bank account . Slow email response from this company . We found a similar ball at Walmart for a dollar less . This ball has been in several adult kickball games without a problem !
 Good for the price but not long lasting ... . they pop ang get slashed easily . Would be better for an indoor gym not best for outdoor blacktop or concrete .
 I was disappointed with the quality of these balls when I received them . One of the two that I ordered split after only one slight use of it . I would consider something different if I were buying again .
 it 's terrible , the rubber was rediculously cheap and actually gota hole in it just from the needle to fill it up , there was no great pressure while inserting it either , it just punctured it like it was paper , so that wasa bad start but the ball still could be used , just needed to put a little air in before use , but then a week later a kid kicked the ball and it hit a vent in the gym and broke , it was n't even on anythign sharp it just busted , terrible ball and cheap rubber , plus it took 2 and a half weeks to get it for it 's 1 week use , waste of money
 I got my order on time and it was correct , but the ball wo n't hold air properly . I think this is due to the way it was packaged and shipped . It arrived deflated and folded up . Once I pumped it up full of air , it still had crease marks from where it was folded during shipping . Within an hour of pumping it full of air , it starts to go flat .
 I wish I could have examined this product before buying it . I surely would have bought one of higher quality .
 I needed new ping pong paddles for our table and ordered these online . Must say very light compared to the old set . Not very sturdy at all . Completely disappointed . Will never buy again .
 The original german product had a masonite surface that permitted the ball to roll easily . The current Asian product has a wood surface that is not smooth , impeding the ball . Construction is shoddy ; pieces fell off . Not recommended .
 We ordered this for our three year old and it seemed to work well until the ball actually hits the rim and then the rim falls down . Total junk .
 This item is really for young children only . Strictly a toy and not a training tool or substitute for a real basketball hoop . Was expecting a more sturdy device .
 Not what I expected . It looked a lot better in the picture . Disappointed . It is small and really does n't work for five year old twins
 This short as a product is terrific but the description is not correct . It is mens and it does not say that anywhere . It is huge on my daughter who takes Ladies small . I had to reorder and buy youth size .
 The description says the tambourines are sold in sets of 12 - I paid $ 48 thinking I would get 12 inexpensive toy tambourines . Instead , I received 1 cheap looking tambourine . I am very unhappy that Amazon is carrying this product under false pretenses .
 This is a nice looking hoop . Appears sturdy . However , everytimeit is hit with the small basketball that it came with , the basketcollapses . It goes down into a fold position . My son is very frustated with it . At this point I think I have to hot glue it to get it tostay in place .
 Broke easily . Bought another one and that broke also . Went to a metal version , so far so good .
 Very disappointed in receiving was suppose to sing a song and talk and all when you pushed its belly all it did was make a sick sound . I was very happy with how easy amazon made it to return . No trip to the post office , just print out mailing label put it out for ups/mail person and the credit showed up on my account .
 The bank was suposed to be personalized with the child 's name and birth date , even though the data was provided , the bank was blank when it was recieved . Had I known it was n't going to be pesonalized -LRB- as advertised -RRB- , I never would have ordered it . It would have cost me more to return it to have it personalized -LRB- not to mention , the time it would take as well as the trouble , EXPENSE and AGGRAVTION -RRB- , personalization was the ONLY reason I ordered it . I 'll be sure to tell my friends about my experience
 The Funk Fone was a purchase I made for my 9 year old as a Valentine 's Day gift . It is a great concept - the COOLEST thing out there for your little hip chick . The look and feel of the phone is really neat . I 'm glad I opened the package and inspected it before giving it to her , she would have been so heartbroken -LRB- you know how 9 year old girls are - drama -RRB- . The sounds of the ringer are of a choice of 3 rings - two groovy tunes -LRB- original -RRB- and one annoying ring . When I placed a call to test it out , I could not hear any push button sounds on the little star buttons -LRB- perfect for small fingers - I have acrylics and felt like an ogre using the thing - had to use a pencil -RRB- so I was n't certain I was dialing numbers at all . When I heard the ringing , it sounded clear for about 12 seconds , then a harrassing static overcame the line and I could barely hear the caller on the other line . A very important feature missing is a silencer if a call comes in after my daughter goes to sleep - the phone would groove her right out of bed unless we physically unplug it from the jack/phone . I am tempted to return the product for a new one , just to rule out that it was the `` one '' defective phone in the warehouse . Its such a fun product I can oversee the little quirks - but I am teaching my daughter the value of the dollar and this unfortunatly does not deserve the price tag that it holds .
 They are junk . Works then wo n't work , really you need them you are stuck . The hole easy track is like an entry level rail setup so I think they just do n't care .
 This toy was so disappointing . My child was really looking forward to it and it stopped working the first day . New batteries did n't do any good . The codes for decoding that come with the packaging are really lame . I recommend highly against buying this product .
 No music , I had to return it . It was very cute , but something was defective in the one we got .
 Had 2 pieces missing and was difficult to assemble in the age range suggested . Overall a good toy , just wish all pieces were there .
 Found this toy 2 months ago at a Science Museum , bought it for the birthday of a child . Today , we open the present and find that it has 2 missing pieces and extra of another piece and they are tiny . The purple peg board is too light , making it more challenging for toddlers . The peg board fits in half the size of the packing box , its approximate dimensions are width 8.25 '' x 2 '' depth X height 4 `` Since this set is missing pieces , the children ca n't use the toy as intended and complete many of the puzzle cards and other sorting challenges.The layout and graphic design of the instructions is poor , but so are most toy instructions leaflets for children . The cards could have used a better design as well , but the sort challenge is clearly illustrated .
 this table wasnt designed very well . half of the threads were full of paint not a very tightly put together piece of furniture
 I never did get this together with all the pieces , I also bought for my daughter 2 toys boxes -LRB- no problem putting those together ! -RRB- and 2 toy organizers -LRB- no problem here too ! -RRB- both from the same company , BUT this was a nightmare . I ended up throwing it away , I could not get it to work , nor could my mechanical husband . PLEASE save your money , this will frustrate you !!!
 The other reviewers are completely correct ... cute toy , cute idea , but does not work . The animals separate and tip over with the slightest pull of the string -- which does not work at all for a toddler . I would like to say to whoever designed this `` What were you thinking ??! '' . To anyone looking for a pull-toy - look around for something else !
 I agree with the previous review . The animals separate when you try to pull them along . We can keep them connected for a short while if we are exceedingly careful . Of course , our baby/toddler does not have the finesse which this toy requires .
 This is a cute toy but does not serve its main purpose . When my son pulls on the toy all the carts separate and the front cart tips off its wheels consistantly . Sometimes getting one of the less expensive choices is not a good one !
 my baby put the giraffe in his mouth and a lot of the paint came off in his mouth and he swallowed it . Now I 'm searching for recalls . just wanted to warn other parents -- do n't buy this !
 These are n't a bad deck , but they are a set that was printed from a copy . I got 2 decks , when I only asked for one , which I like . But I was hoping for an ACTUAL set of the ORIGINAL cards . One of my friends was issued a deck back in 2003 , when he deployed to Iraq , and has since lost the deck . I was hoping to get the original ones , that are still sometimes issued when military members are deployed to the Middle East . So while yes , they are a good copy , I am disappointed that they are just a copy , and not a very sturdy copy . The box the cards came in fell apart when I was pulling them out , and the backside is more pink than true camo . All in all , not too bad for the price .
 The globe seems sound enough structurally , but the pen that came with it did n't seem to actually have any ink in it . I tried my dry-erase whiteboard pens on it , and was n't able to completely erase them , even with white board cleaning solution . Disappointing for a $ 50 globe .
 I looked for small Siku construction vehicles that I saw at a friend 's house , because they were all metal and durable . This truck is mostly plastic - the truck bed , the undercarriage , the wheels , the signs . The only metal seems to be the cab ! The signs will surely snap in a first play .
 I have this Webkinz . I think its probably the worst Webkinz ever , all the Poodles are . I mean it 's just ugly , no offence . With in hours the head fell off . It was kinda ' funny , I mean all of a sudden the head comes off . Anyway I got the tag off . I did n't want this `` fluff ball '' on my Webkinz account , so someone I know took it . They did n't like it either so they named it Jean-Claude . I would n't get this Webkinz if I were you .
 Bought this for my 8 year old at Xmas . It took a few weeks and a cold winter day before we actually opened it up to play it , but it looked exciting and like it might give us an hour or two of fun on a boring , cold day . Much to our surprise , as soon as we opened it up and inspected the pieces , we were given 2 left ears . So needless to say the fun pretty much stops right there when you cant even put the pieces in place because one side ofhsi head has an upside down ear . We attempted to `` overlook '' our bad luck and continue on but it was just too glaring of a facial screw up to overcome . Obviously , the package and ripped open , the receipt is long gone and we are n't going to make a trip back to the store to return it when they probably are out anyway . Very disappointing !! I 'm not sure whose job it is to put a `` L '' ear and a `` R '' ear in a bag , but clearly the manufacturer needs to make sure something as crucial as this to the enjoyment of their toy and the value we as customers pay for it , gets done correctly . Total waste of time , money and an afternoon .
 Okay , I 'll admit that this toy is pretty educational . But those eyes , man ! Those EYES ! The head will sit in your child 's room , and most likely face the door . Every time you walk by it will be staring at you , waiting to make its move , plotting your demise - or at least that 's what it feels like.Maybe if the head did n't have such an accusatory look on its face -LRB- `` WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME ? '' -RRB- it would n't scare the bejezus out of me.My own personal fears aside , what kind of parent gives this toy to their kids ? And what kind of sick , morbid child would want to play with a toy like this ? `` Merry Christmas Timmy ! Here 's your CSI Facial Reconstruction head . Now you can reconstruct the ruined face of the victim of a violent and gruesome murder ! '' That 's how you start a kid on a path that ends at the top of a clock tower with a sniper rifle .
 This THING is grotesqe.Who plays with creeps that STARE AT YOU -LRB- ... -RRB- ????
 These flashcards were meant to be used with their DVDs , which I do n't own . So I 'm not sure if the photos they use come from the DVDs but some of the pictures are really ugly . Overall I think there has got to be better , nicer looking flashcards .
 i expected better from bachmann because i own other products from this company . the wheels on the freight car fell off as i took it out of the box , and there were only the front wheels on the caboose.it may sound petty but for the price it should at least stay in one piece until it goes around the track a few times .
 I echo the comments of the other reviewer . The wheels on 3 of the cars came off while taking the train out of its carton . The wheels are not removable which means the cars were rendered unuseable . This item is poorly made . I find it hard to believe that the manufacturer is unaware of this problem . I suggest avoiding this product like the flu .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY ... THIS PRODUCT IS NOT WORTH $ 25 . EVERYTHING IS MADE OF PLASTIC , THE WHEELS BREAK-OFF , THE 130 PARTS ARE SO SMALL YOU CA N'T SEE THEM AND THE CONNECTION POINTS DO NOT CONNECT , BECAUSE THEY ARE MADE OF PLASTIC AS WELL.THEY MARKET THIS PRODUCT AS 130 PARTS TO ENTICE YOU IN PURCHASING IT AS IF YOU WERE REALLY RECEIVING SOMETHING BIG , BUT IT 'S NOTHING BUT A DISAPPOINTMENT . IT 'S LIKE PURCHASING SOMETHING FROM AN `` INFOMERCIAL '' , WORTHLESS.SAVE YOUR MONEY . BUY A REAL `` TRAIN SET '' ... NOT THIS MESS.I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED WHEN THE CHILDREN CAME OVER TO PLAY AND IT DID N'T WORK . I LOVE TRAINS AROUND MY TREE DURING CHRISTMAS AND THIS WAS A WASTE OF MY MONEY AND TIME . 6 TO 7 PEOPLE TRIED TO GET IT TO WORK , ONLY ONE TRAIN WORKED AND THEN IT WOULD N'T GO FAST OR AROUND THE TRACK COMPLETELY.AGAIN , SAVE YOUR MONEY ... IT 'S NOT WORTH A $ 1.00
 When I got this product at first I was really excited to put it together until I learned that if I bumped a table or the top of a drawer slightly the figure falls to pieces very easily . It 's glued together now and sitting in a box waiting to be packed away . Piece of junk .
 I bought this because i am a long time megaman fan , however i was disappointed at how flimsy this model was . I am very disappointed .
 As a parent , I find these dolls too sugestive for younger children . I am by no means a conservative , but these babyz are over the line . I find dolls that dress like Fredericks of Hollywood not suitable for younger girls ! If you are a parent , think before you buy these dolls . You should not buy these dolls for anyone under 11 . And they are not safe for anyone under 4 for choking hazards like one -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I HATE EVERY THING ABOUT THESE UGLY DOLLS ! FIRST OFF , THERE FACES ARE REPULSIVE ! AND THERE HAIR IS ALL GANGSTERY ! THERE BOTTLES COME ON CHAINS AND THEY WEAR BASICLY NOTHING ! IF THEY DO WEAR SOMTHING THE COMPANY WILL MAKE SURE IT 'S HIDEOUSLY UGLY ! BESIDES LOOKING AWFUL , THESE DOLLS DO HORRIBLE THINGS ! THEY GET PIERCINGS ALL OVER , TATOOS , AND THEY RIDE ON DEATH MACHIENCES , A.K.A. MOTER CYCLES .
 I hate these Bratz dolls . I know I will never buy any of Bratz dolls for my child . I think it 's a shame that these Bratz twins dressed like sluts.Parents out there , please do n't buy these dolls for your child because they may teach your child to dress like a slut . Buy other dolls for your child 's sake .
 Where did the baby come from ? She must have a teen mother and teen father because there are no adult BRATZ . The girls are dressed in almost nothing and the boys are dressed like punks . No wonder we have BRATZ babies !
 I think that bratz are the worst ! They have flimsy heads that fall off . They have way to much make up on ! Bratz are becomeing a sud for barbies . But insted bratz are a horable role modle . They teach kids that shopping and boys are what life is all about . Most girls consider barbies a toy only for little kids because of barbies childish ads and camertials . I think that parents shoud encourage there girls to get into barbie or my scene dolls . I do n't know why girls do n't like my scene they are in between barbies and bratz , stylish , nice , and are a good roll modle!age 11
 Come ` on mothers & daughters ! How can dolls that have clothing like sluts and hookers be cute ? Mothers , you are blinded by slick marketing and the need to be accepted by your daughters . Stop being SHEEPLE and teach your daugthers well . I suppose you are also buying your daughters these type of clothes -- they may as well wear the words on their shirts
 these dolls are very expensivethat is why most people can not buy itwe feel very sad that people can not afford itplease change it to eighteen dollars
 Caution ! In no time flat , my 1 year old knocked two rings out of this tambourine which were affixed with a metal pin . This pin , which fell to the floor , poses not only a choking hazard , but a perforation hazard anywhere along a child 's gastrointestinal tract . Unbelievable .
 Totally misleading ... not guitar shaped just a small box . The word `` Guitar '' is totally a lie . First negative review I have ever written on Amazon but this item is the pits .
 We love our Haba block sets . We have the standard set and the ball track construction set . We got this fully expecting that the blocks would fit right in with the rest of our Haba blocks , but unfortunately they are not only smaller , but at a size where they can NEVER line up -LRB- you can get close if you stack them in sets of fours , but the lines are still off -RRB- . Imagine the frustration of buying a new LEGO set only to find that they changed the size of the pegs on top , making it incompatible with the rest of your LEGO sets . It 's not quite that bad but pretty close.In other words , this is awesome as a stand-alone toy and if you just want to build variants on the coliseum . But they need to label it differently so people wo n't make the same mistake we did .
 The dairy barn kit came with the totally wrong pieces and instructions . I need to return it . We 're missing 14 pieces we need to build the barn , as far as we can tell . Everything came in zip-top bags , too , meaning , I think , that it was returned by someone else at some point .
 The thought of this hat reminds me of Happy Gilmore 's caddy . I bought it thinking that I would be able to drink beer and play video games at the same time . I was wrong . The product is completely impractical . I tried to use it one time and all that comes through the straws is foam . I have n't used it since .
 Bought this expecting to receive what I saw in the picture , which is a plain dark blue helmet . What I received was purple with a huge ugly wrinkled `` Mardi Gras '' sticker on the front . Besides the appearance , the components inside the helmet were cracked and broken . I was planning to give this to a friend as a gag for his birthday but ended up putting it in the trash and getting him a real gift which was probably a better idea anyway .
 Both the title and the picture indicate this should be a RED helmet . The one I received was BLACK . Very disappointing .
 This hat looks fun , but is made poorly . There is a sharp part on the inside of the hat that makes it difficult to wear and once drinks are added , the part digs into your head even worse . It needed to be designed differently or have padding in it . The straws were also folded in the box for shipping and so it is difficult to get the liquid through due to the now permanent crease in the straw .
 I actually wanted to buy this for a Halloween costume -LRB- The Caddy from Happy Gilmore -RRB- . I did n't use the helmet since it seemed more suitable for a kids size head.The straws do have a tendency to kink up and not allow the liquids to go through -- do expect a lot of foam when drinking anything.I 'm sure if I had a kid , they would enjoy drinking juice or something from this .
 Seriously people , unless you enjoy drinking foam that was once beer , stay away . Even while sitting still , it 's straight foam no matter what you try . Keep looking ...
 This product viewing window is too small . It is not very engaging or interactive . I purchased for my son when he was turning 3 yrs old . Maybe my expectations were too high .
 Product came broken , the tiles are too small . Dangerous if children place these tiles in theri mouth , it does ` nt matter what age ! it 's still dangerous . Some words are even faded ! Overall horrible product . Do n't buy !
 No where in the product description does it mention that the item is an `` O '' scale building kit . I was disapointed because I had search for `` HO '' scale items and thought this was the scale I wanted . Very disapointed when opening the box to find the `` O '' scale kit .
 SAME AS THE HOBO JUNGER OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK O O OK OK
 I wanted this in &#34; HO &#34; scale . Should it become available as such , I would buy three or four kits to make a true trailer park for my train layout .
 We love Wheel of Fortune . I had just recently played this with my daughter and son-in-law and we had so much fun . It was a very old edition from when my son-in-law was a child so I decided to order a newer edition . I just received the new Wheel of Fortune today . After taking it out of the box and examining it , I found that several of the levers that cover the letters would not stay up . In fact one had completely fallen out . How can you play the game when half of the letters are already exposed ? Very disappointing because we were looking forward to playing this . I am returning it to Amazon . I ordered another edition in hopes that the quality is better .
 I purchased this game one month ago . The spinner marker broke on the first use . I have tried repeatedly to contact Pressman customer service to get new part . They have promised 3 times to replace part but none has arrived . Poorly constructed and no help from company .
 My son received this toy as a holiday gift to complement his recent starter Lionel O-gauge set . While the scene is attractive and would be a nice add-on , it is so poorly made that we threw it out . It says in the directions that no glue is necessary . Hah ! There is no way this stands without glue . It amazes me that this toy could not have been slight re-designed so the pieces actually interlock and stand up on their own , as promised . This is truly an example of a poorly made toy that should not be considered by anyone . Bachamann should be ashamed to have their name associated with it .
 The item is very flimsy and will not hold together . I am very disappointed in the firehouse . I bought it for my 5 year old grandson for his electric train set and it is just not worth the money . I would return it if I had the money , but I do n't .
 Could not use this jump rope since it is too light for that purpose . You have to swing it very hard to jump with it .
 I was very disappointed . Every time my 14 month old tried to insert a shape the water would push it back toward him because instead of floating it kept filling with water and would half sink . The bottom wo n't stay attached to the top causing the whole thing to capsize.I ended up throwing it away after watching my child get more and more frustrated trying to use it.And the spout of water is n't a spout it 's a pathetic little trickle . Hardly enough to notice.Definitely not worth the money .
 Not the best toy , I 'd look for another bath toy.As other reviewer has mentioned , the `` spray '' is almost nonexistent . The only thing that gets accomplished is getting water in the toy which probably causes mold or biofilm in the toy itself to grow.The whale can be separated to remove the shapes that can be inserted into the whale . Unfortunately the toy tends to remain in 2 halves.Shapes do fit in the holes on the whale if the child is dexterous enough to hold the whale and the shape at the same time - otherwise , just use all the pieces separately . Not great but better than throwing the whole thing away .
 I wish I had read the two reviews on this site before purchasing . They are right , there is absolutely no `` spray '' , and I think a trickle is being generous . It does not stay together , so you ca n't possibly use it as it is intended . I would find something else to purchase .
 The whale looked so cute and colorful in the packaging . I bought it because I could n't find the Fisher Price bath whale . Once I got it in the tub with my son I could see it was a bad toy . It sinks immediately and the water it supposedly squirts is a drop at a time . My son LOVES toys that squirt water and he was bored with this toy . He never reaches for it in the tub and ignores it if I give it to him . He 'd rather play with his rubber duck . After he gets more bath toys for his birthday , I 'm giving this lame whale to Goodwill !
 This looked like a great tubby toy for my six-month-old , as I figured she 'd play with it as a big whale when she was young and would grow with it , learning to insert the shapes once she got older . However , unfortunately , everything the other reviewers have noted is true . The bottom does n't stay attached to the top when you put them together , so it 's always coming apart . The bottom is so flat that even if you manage to keep the thing together for a minute or two when you put it in the water , water comes in through the holes and sinks the whole whale . It does n't spray -- it squirts a drop of water or two at a time . So she rarely played with it as a whale when she was small . She 's figuring out the shape sorter now that she 's older , but the shapes tend to float back out because the whale is always underwater when she 's trying to put the shapes in.All in all , a great idea coupled with really poor design . Too bad whoever designed it never actually tried it out in the water . I guess it 's realistic , though , if you consider that whales mostly live underwater .
 This would be a great bath toy if the two parts would stay together ; they 're easily seperated by my 1 yr old , so it never gets float time . Also the blow hole spray does n't work .
 We have been waiting over 2 months for username approval . No rejections or responses of any type from Shing Stars moderators . You need username approval to do certain things on the site -LRB- like have buddies , which is a `` BIG '' thing most of the kids want ! -RRB- The only way to contact them is through e-mail form on their site , 90 % of the time you get a canned response . It took me 3 e-mails to even get a response from them -LRB- and guess what - they answer they gave implied it was a canned response or did not read the entire e-mail -RRB- . Stick with Web Kinz ! At least there is plent of FAQ 's on their site -LRB- something else Shining Stars has very little of -RRB- It 's not very compatiable with FireFox either .
 We got this toy as a gift , and it included a star in your child 's name . Directions are simple , just go to their website at www.shiningstars.com . Only problem is that there are n't any stars left . Just says check back later . Having been checking the site for a few weeks now . Starting to just be a giant pain in the ass .
 It is an okay stuffed animal but there are plenty of stuffed animals out there . This one is nothing special .
 I bought this train building for my grandson for Christmas to add to his train lay-out . If it would stay together it would be ok , but it falls apart easily becuase the pieces do not fit tightly into each other . It seems to be a problem in the manufacturing of the plastic pieces . My son -LRB- grandson 's dad -RRB- has to constantly put the building together even though it 's just sitting on the train board not being played with . That 's annoying and disappointing .
 I was surprised at the flimsyness of this product . The sides are very thin . The pieces of the sides rattle . The lid is substantial , but I ca n't imagine anyone sitting on this.Also , our front piece arrived slightly damaged . Unfortunatly we do n't have the time to return it .
 This alarm clock is sooo cute , and my 7 year old daughter loves it . However , I find it needs more buttons -- like a simple `` off/on '' button for the alarm . The only way to turn it off is to go through the whole process of pressing the display and setting buttons in the proper sequence so that the alarm icon eventually goes away . These are the same buttons for setting the date , time of day , 24 hour vs 12 hour clock , AM vs. PM , hours , seconds , minutes , alarm , and/or vibration , so we end up having to reset all of it every time we try to use the alarm . For a sleepy kid -LRB- and mom -RRB- , this sequence is impossible . I have the manual sitting next to my bedside to read how it is supposed to work , and have my daughter bring me the ringing clock while it is going off in the morning . This is a poor situation for an alarm clock ! It is cute -- but too hard to work it !
 I bought this item for my daugther , it 's really cute , but it needs batteries and I did n't know that and the time has already change on it and it 's been only working 3 weeks so I am affraid that we are going to have to set it all the time so it works as an alarm . I would not get another like it .
 We got this water fall as a gift for my kids 2 & 4 . They had fun with it while it last , but that was n't long . The ball filled with water , and wo n't work any more .
 Do n't waste your money , its not even worth it , dosent even work . Once the water is in the ball it is very hard to drain the water . Kids did n't care for it at all , they rather play in the standard old school sprinkler that you use to water your grass with .
 This was purchased for us as a gift for my son 's birthday and we could n't wait to use it . I used a plug-in air pump to fill it with air which worked very well . We tried it out this afternoon and my son , his friend and I taking turns running past it which felt wonderful in this 100 degree weather . But , as the others have noted , it began to fill with water within 10 minutes of use and we turned off the hose . We tried to let the water out and realized that it is in the air compartment and it only slowly leaks out . In fact , once we disconnected the hose the ball started to roll away from the weight of the water that had filled the inside and we had to chase it into my neighbors yard.I got on here to check the other reviews to see if we were the only ones with this problem , and I am disapointed to see so many others . I wanted to contact Little Tykes to complain and see what they would do , but now after reading the other reviews ... I will probably complain to them anyways , but it is ashame that I do n't think there will be anything they will do for us . Please do n't buy this sprinkler since it looks like a blast , but really disappointed us all . And I guess I will be using scissors to puncture it to let the air and water out so we can toss this in the trash before it grows mold .
 My son loved this sprinkler , and considering some of the other reviews here , our 's lasted longer than most . The 1st 2 days were fine , on the 3rd day it started filling up with water but the sprinklers still worked . On the 4th day the sprinklers stopped working so the only thing it did was fill up with water . Good idea but it needs to be way more durable to work .
 My son got this for his birthday , as we had put it on his amazon wish list . I should have read more reviews first ! It was a ton of fun for the few minutes it worked , then the inside lining popped -LRB- same problem other customers mentioned -RRB- and the ball filled almost half way up with water before I figured out what the problem was.Little Tikes should recall this item , a ball who 's lining pops and fills with water is not safe for kids ... If the interior is n't as strong as it 's supposed to be , how do we know the exterior is ? What are they going to do if the exterior pops while the ball is filled with water ? Sprinkler toys are fun , but exploding water balls are dangerous.Don ' t buy this item until Little Tikes fixes the defect .
 This ball broke the very first time we used it , within a minute or so . The ball started filling up with water and there is no apparent way to fix it or empty the water out . What a bummer , and a waste of money !
 The kids really had fun with this - twice . Then the interior filled with water where it was n't supposed to be . We tried to drain it , and the damn thing EXPLODED like a water balloon ! Watch out for this one !
 The second time we used the ball something broke inside and the ball filled up with water . I tried , but couldnt get the water to drain out . Total waste of money .
 Bought this for my son 's 5th birthday party . It lasted 10 minutes then got hung up on a sprinkler head in the yard . The weight of the water inside this toy makes it heavy enough that anything it lands on becomes like a dagger . The three inch hole from the sprinkler head rendered this toy a complete waste of money !
 My 4-year-old daughter got this toy for her birthday , and we got it out for the first time on a nice hot day . It pumps up easily if you have an electric pump , and the hose attaches easily to the ball . My kids had a great time with it for about 20 minutes , at which point I heard it making some weird noises . About 5 minutes later , the water stopped coming out of the sprinkler holes and the inside of the ball -LRB- in the compartment that is supposed to hold air -RRB- filled up with water.Now the water trapped in there will not come out , and we scarcely got 20 minutes of fun out of this toy , before having to throw it in the trash.I would never recommend this product to anyone , especially after reading the other reviews that mention the exact same problem .
 I teach preschool children with special needs and bought this ball for our water play day . It was fun , for about 5 minutes . Then we noticed that the ball started to fill with water , and the sprinkler stopped working . We could n't get the water to come out . So much for that . I spend lots of money each year on my students , and when I see something I like from a brand like LIttle Tykes , I assume its going to be good . Well , looks like I 'm going to have to check reviews now , because Little Tykes is not the company I thought it was .
 I was hoping this was going to be a hit but the kids did n't care for it . Also it never moved around like it was supposed to . We ended up tossing it out . Regular sprinkler was more fun for the kids .
 I purchased this for my 6 & 4 year olds to play with ... . we followed product instructions , but after only 15 minutes of play , the ball stopped spraying , and began to fill with water ... . my husband was afraid it would burst and hurt the children ! I contacted Little Tykes and got NO response ! Do n't WASTE your money !
 Cute idea , and great fun for about 10 minutes . Then it broke . Pretty much a waste of money .
 this was a bday present for one of my kids , um , seriously it lasted about 10 minutes before the entire ball filled with water and let me tell you , it is a sight to see ! it is so heavy you ca n't move it and there 's no way to drain the water . it is a waste of money and materials but at least we adults had fun kicking it until it ruptured !
 My 4 children received this ball as a gift . They were very excited to try it out . The first issue was blowing it up . The hand pump I had was taking forever , so I switched to a motorized air pump that plugged into my car and it took a good 15 minutes to blow this thing up.We then eagerly brought it outside to attach to the hose and realized that it was missing the connector piece that allows the hose and ball to attach . We checked to make sure it had not fallen off and was not in the packaging . It was not.We immediately contacted Little Tikes for a replacement part . They told us that the whole ball needed to be replaced as that was not a part available . However , they required the purchase receipt for the sprinkler in order for them to replace it . I explained that it was a gift and we did n't have the receipt , but would be happy to send in the box with preprinted gift card attached and the obviously unused ball . No luck . They have refused to replace the defective item , which I find completely unethical . Not only would I not buy this , I would not buy any additional Little Tikes items .
 This item was purchased for my toddler but it 's boring she would rather play with the garden sprinkler then play with the beach ball sprinkler then a month later my saint bernard tore a huge hole in it.It 's not worth getting and is a waste of money .
 I bought this sprinkler last year ... and we got lots of great use out of it . It was very inexpensive so I hate to complain but today was the third time this year we used it . It is now filled with water about half way up . And I have no idea how to get it out ! After reading other reviews , I see others have had the same problem . Looks like if I am able to get the water out -LRB- still not sure how to do that part -RRB- it seems like it will take a long time . Totally bummed since both my kids , 3 and 1 , love it !
 I bought this ball 06/18/11 . Today is 07/01/11 and it is already a useless piece of junk . My kids played with it twice . We followed all the instructions , my kids did not sit on it , climb on it , ride on it , or anything like that . The ball does not move at all , and in fact , it filled halfway up with water . The reason I say it could be dangerous is because the ball is filled with air . When the water starts filling it , the ball becomes more and more taut . By the time I noticed it , the ball was half full and ready to burst . I was worried it was going to explode ! I told my kids to get away from it and spent hours draining some of the water out of the tiny air hole to relieve the tremendous pressure . It is a now useless toy that I paid $ 16.99 plus tax for at a local retailer . I just sent a request directly to Little Tikes asking them for a refund . I have the receipt , but I ca n't take it back to the store since it is 88 '' in diameter and half full of water . I do n't think it is going to fit back in the box !
 I bought this for my daughter 's birthday and used it 2 times before it started to fill with water , which is impossible to drain . It is useless now , I should have just paid admission to the water park !
 Like everyone else has said this ball starts off great . I am on the 3rd use and the ball is already half full of water . No idea how to get it out . After seeing the rest of the reviews I see it 's death is imminent . So if you paid $ 5 for this it 's great ... anymore than that and you have been ripped off.After trying again
 This is toy acumulates a lot of water inside and it is almost impossible take the water out.I am very desapointed
 As others have said , but I just wanted to add my two cents , I got mine for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- at the grocery store and it was fun for about ten minutes until it filled with water . I finally managed to squeeze most of the water out but we never got it to work again.Don ' t buy !
 My son received this toy as a gift for his birthday . It looks like a great idea ! However , we hooked it up according to the directions and it did n't work at all . It filled with water right away and only a few small sprays of water came out . It did n't roll around and was just not fun at all for my kids -LRB- ages 7 and 4 -RRB- . After a frustrating 15 minutes , we hooked up the regular lawn sprinkler and the kids had a blast .
 I bought this ball this summer , I live in Orlando , fl , so you know it was hot . I bought it for my little daughter who was 28 months old at that time , but though she loves water , she hated this toy . THe ball was stady the whole time and when the water came out the holes it shooted without moving around . To make matters worse , I had just used it around 3 times for the most , and when I tried to use it again after being ignored for a while -LRB- this is now late summer not too long ago -RRB- the ball just broke from inside and it started to fill with water inside not the conducts to the sprinklers -LRB- it claims that you can use it as a ball or as a sprinkler -RRB- . I had to trash it , it was not use not even if I just inflated it to be use as a ball because the air was leacking from some where . Bottom line , regular sprinklers are probably more fun , or some other toy .
 When you look at this it looks so fun , but think about it , it is attached to a heavy hose . It is basically a sprinkler shaped like a ball . My kids played with it for literally 5 minutes , and then we went and got one of those crazy sprinklers that sprays water everywhere . That was a lot more fun , and half the price.I will say that the ball was durable , and it would work as a great ball , but it is pretty pricey to not use it for its said purpose .
 If you get one that works , well and good . But it looks like about half of these are like the one we got
 We bought this sprinkler for a 4th of July party we were having . There were about 6 small children -LRB- ages 1-4 -RRB- there . The toy did great at this party and every one loved it . However , a month later we decided to take it out again for our 15 month old to play in -LRB- since our pool had a leak -RRB- . After about 10 minutes the ball started filling up with water and then quit spraying out altogether . It was great while it lasted but what a huge disappointment .
 Because that is what you will be doing with this toy . We set it up for our 2 year old son . It worked at total of 10 minutes before the ball filled with water and we could no longer use it . Needless to say , our son was hysterical . Thanks Little Tikes for such a horrible product !
 My son wanted and received this for his birthday . It was the worst design I 've ever seen . The ball filled up with water within a few minutes of using it , which meant it could n't be rolled around or played with as shown . To get the water out , it practically had to be `` milked , '' which took hours -LRB- seriously -RRB- and even then , not all of it came out , so it grew mold and mildew on the inside , which then blocked the sprinkler holes , preventing it from ever being used again . Ended up slashing it open to fit it in the trash can . Total Junk .
 This was a gift for my son 's 3rd Birthday . It looked so nice when we got it and the kids were so excited to play in it . I was disappointed , it only worked for a few minutes and then filled up with water and stopped spraying the water out . My husband emptied it which takes a long time to try to use it again . I would not recommend this sprinkler . They kids only got to play with it twice .
 I was excited to try this and it was highly rated at the time I bought it , but it never worked . The whole ball just filled with water making it too heavy to do anything with it , and it did n't spray water at all . Boo ...
 It arrived brand new in its original packaging with two huge holes . Horrible . The product is too cheap for me to bother to send it back - its going straight in the dumpster . Boo on you Little Tikes !
 I thought this would be a great sprinkler for my 6 yr old and 18 month old . Within 5 minutes of play something broke inside and the whole ball started filling with water . I thought it was going to burst ! Then it was a fiasco trying to get all the water out . I had to open the air valve and put a stick in it to keep that valve open and squeeze down to let water come out of the water hole . I have since read other reviews that had the same problem . My kids did n't have enough time to see if they even liked the toy . Waste of money .
 This toy broke after 5 minutes of use . The tube that sends water to the sprinkler detached and filled the ball with water . There is no way to empty the water out of the ball -LRB- except through the air valve -RRB- so this toy was ruined before my kids even got a chance to play with it . I also ca n't take it back to the store because I will have to cut it to get all of the water out of it . Do n't waste your money - find another sprinkler that works .
 This is a great game but I would not get this travel pack . The zippered pack is WAY too bulky for the size of the game . Also , the game does n't sit flat because of the binding . My husband ended up ripping the game out of the holder since we were traveling with it and it was taking too much space in our carry on .
 My son played with it for a half a day and never touched it again . It was too easy for him . He 's 2yrs old . He did n't like to mix and match them either and it would just confuse him to do that . Eventually , all the pieces went missing and my little one likes to chew on them . It 's pretty good quality given my younger -LRB- 1yr old -RRB- chews on them and nothing fall apart . lol .
 I ordered this puzzle with two other puzzles during a special on Melissa and Doug puzzles . When I received all three , I wiped them down with a damp cloth before allowing my 20 month old to play with them . Almost immediately the Insects puzzle began to bubble up . It became clear at this point that the pieces an the puzzle are NOT hand painted , but covered in very cheap sticker paper . After allowing the puzzle to dry , I put it down for my child to play with . She picked off pieces of the sticker cover almost immediately . It 's like it disintegrated after contact with water ! Luckily , Amazon has a great return policy for defective goods , so I sent it back thinking it was an anomaly . The second puzzle we received is exactly the same . I have kept it and only let my daughter use it when I 'm around to supervise so she ca n't put any pieces in her mouth or get them wet . How crazy is that!I think other reviewers are correct in that M&D ; products are no longer held up to high quality standards . They are all made in China and clearly are not tested before being mass produced and put into young children 's hands . I 'm writing M&D ; off of my list of reliable , good toys for my child .
 I was so excited to get this puzzle for my little ones . Unfortunately , the item description is misleading . The puzzle looks nice -LRB- before the kids get to it -RRB- and the chunky pieces were a perfect size ! However , this puzzle is NOT hand painted . The puzzle pieces are just faced with a sticker , that easily comes off -LRB- in pieces ! -RRB- . That is not the quality I was expecting , especially from Melissa and Doug . I 've had the puzzle for 2 months now , and 2 or 3 of the pieces have the stickers mostly peeled off . Very disappointed .
 Pro
 I was excited about this pool because it seemed really easy to store when not in use . However , the new type of valve does not hold in the air . It says to push it all the way in but the valve on the one I bought would not stay in and when I tried to close the valve the presure from the air inside pushed open the valve and it deflated . It would have been perfect had the valve worked properly .
 Neither my husband nor I could ever figure out how to get this dumb pool folded back into its container . The instructions imply it basically folds itself . If you 're unlucky enough to get one that does n't , you 're out of luck , since the instructions do n't tell you what to do if the sides do n't `` automatically '' curl in the right position ! The `` easy springs '' were bent and broken in just a few tries . A TOTAL RIPOFF !!!
 I bought this pool based on the durability . I have three boys and was tired of having to buy a new plastic pool every summer . The pool is great except for the fact that NO ONE tells you that you have to fill the pool up completely to get the sides to stay upright . I have a 10 month old and can not fill the pool that much . If I had know this I would NOT have gotten it . Just bummed .
 I bought this pool for my son a couple months ago , in May . It held up fine until a couple weeks ago , it had 3 holes in the top . Tried to patch them up , repair kit did not work . I do not recommend this pool , due to the inflatable top not lasting . I thought this pool would last and my son had a lot of fun in it for the little time he had it , but not worth the money . Better off buying a vinyl non-inflatable pool that will last .
 I bought this for my 3 1/2 year old son and helped him put it together . Unfortunately , it does not stand up to play . He ca n't play with it at all without it coming apart . The bridge continually falls off its supports , the steering column falls off the boat , the tree top and base fall off the tree , etc. etc. . It 's nothing but aggravation for him and me , because he 's constantly getting frustrated and asking me to help him put it back together . Total junk !
 Here 's a quick primer for parents looking to buy science kits for the early grade school set -LRB- i.e. , K - 3rd -RRB- . Every science kit , including this one , basically tells you to mix vinegar with baking soda and `` Voila ! '' you made a volcano . Nevermind that in later years some kid will go hiking in the crater of Mt. St. Helen 's during an eruption thinking it is just harmless cooking products . Use safe chemicals to make scientific changing colors ? You guessed it -- food dye . All these kits basically include a set of plastic test tubes and instructions telling you to open your kitchen cupboards . Back in the Middle Ages people who sold this kind of hokum for the price it now commands were called alchemists . They eventually went out of business . Buy the kid a Suzukie violin or a football helmet instead .
 I only ordered this as my search criteria in Amazon showed that it was `` made in the USA '' and it is not . I will be returning it .
 Manual
 My wife and I bought this for our inquisitive 5 year old son and his 3 year old brother . My older one has taken a once a week ` science class ' so he was familiar with basic scientific principles , as much as a 5 year old could be , but after one or two experiments which in reality all seem the same he quickly lost interest.Not worth it and we were disappointed based on the nice reviews .
 My 7 year daughter was so excited until she did about 5 of the experiments . Not exciting . The funnest part was using the dropper and measuring spoon to measure the ingredients but on the instructions it says things like after adding the ingredients , now you have 2 cups of purple water . Get ready to blow your mind . Add one medium scoop of baking soda to one of the cups and stir it in . It changed color ! I just was n't that impressed and neither was my daughter , I would go with a different kind next time .
 Ok not the greatest purchase would ot buy again wish it did more would not buy again not worth it
 Purchased this as a gift but was quickly discouraged when I opened the box . The science experiments are really limited and it 's just not a quality product . I suggest pulling out your own ingredients and performing your own experiment . You 'd probably have more fun .
 This product is a waste of money . Most of the `` chemicals '' -LRB- baking powder , baking soda , cooking oil . vinegar -RRB- you have in your cabinets . The vials are plastic although I was surprised they had a flat bottom and could stand . Look the experiments up on the internet and walk over to your cabinet and save your money !
 This is the most ridiculous `` kids '' toy I have ever seen . First the directions are inconsistent with many mistakes and contradictions . Second many of the experiments require the scientist , a young child , to wait hours and sometimes a day to see the results . What were these people thinking ??? Not to mention many of the `` experiments '' are basically the same thing with very similar results . Save yourself the time and money and grab baking soda and vinegar for your own volocano and you will get better results !
 Previous reviewers said it best . You know your getting overpriced plastic pieces but expect a nice manual a child can follow . Instead you have a crappy photocopied wall of text . . THANKS . . for nothin .
 This toy left a lot to be desired . The fact that when my ten year old son opened the box and said , `` Where is the rest of it ? '' should say it all . I am a microbiologist , but I thought this would be a good way to introduce my children to science without boring them to tears . Instead , I spent most of the time explaining why you should n't do what this kit says and you definitely should not use those petri dishes , and how you of course are not carrying around that much fungus on your fingers ! I suggest getting a book from the library if you would like to do some science experiments with your kids .
 THE GOOD
 We have several puzzles in out home , but none are as cheaply made as the Melissa and Doug products . The paper is of poor quality and the pieces are fragile . If you look at most of their packaging you 'll notice that there is no large clear photo of the completed puzzle . It makes putting it together a bit frustration for children . Spend a dollar or two more and get a Ravensburger puzzle that will last for many years versus a M$ D one time use .
 If you want to see it dance - it is okay , but if you want to use it as a speaker , forget it . The speaker starts crackling at about a 3 level volume on an MP3 . I contrast , it makes some pretty annoying sounds so you will pay attention to it , which are loud . These noises that sound like the thing is dying will also play during your songs . Annoying Annoying Annoying .
 My kid had to have this for his birthday to go along with his ipod.He played with it for a day or two and then lost interest.It 's pretty basic.When he dropped it on the tile it cracked , so I guess you 'd say it 's not too durable.It 's a little expensive for what it is , but it made him happy on his birthday .
 I got this little penguin for a gift since I am a linux guy . Its cute.The speaker is about what you would expect . Not great for music . The earphones sound much much better than the speaker in the little guy.The Dancing is not constant . He will stay still for some time , then wiggle around for a few seconds , then stay still again . The lights on his chest are just random patterns . They do n't match the music beat.The movements create this little mechanical noise that is actually pretty loud , almost as loud as the music . And he ` squaks ' abit.Its a cute thing for my desk , but I do n't actually play music through it anymore . If you want it for a cute nic-nac , then I love it . If you need it to actually play music , then not so much .
 Purchased this for my preteen daughter for Christmas and it ended up in the bottom of her toybox . It was one of those things that was cute when she opened it but did not hold her interest for very long . I can not speak on the long term quality of the toy since she did n't use it for very long .
 I was shocked when this dog came bursting at the seams which makes it look like it has white stripes wherever it is stitched together , including the ears and a white dot on the nose and on the mouth . I ca n't be bothered returning it so I am taking a black marker to it . Hopefully that will do the trick ; if not , it goes in the garbage . If not for the white on a dog that is supposed to be black and tan , it would have been a really nice stuffed dog . It would have been very realistic looking , but it just looks cheaply made as it is now .
 I am using this for a display and again like another viewer wrote I also have a lot of white showing thru ... but it is not going to be played with so I am not going to endure the expense and time to return it ... and to me it is not lifelike but will do ...
 My Son wanted this for Christmas , since he has a real weiner dog . But I am dissappointed in it because it is very hard , stiff , almost as if it has wire legs with stuffing around them , the stuffing was sewn into the seams and I had to pull it out before wrapping it because it just looked sloppy ! It just does n't feel soft and cuddley .
 I love this tree house workshop ! my 14 month daughter like it to the only thing that I 'm not to exited about is the stability of the table the base is to small for the big tree that sit on top of it and the legs are not as strong as I expected , I was a expecting a better built product.This product is highly unstable and a small child can hurt is self , always supervise your child wild playing with this toy .
 I thought this toy was on the expensive side for what it is , but have been happy with other Manhattan toys , so I decided to give it a try . As other reviewers have noted , the spiral does not stay separated when wrapped around the car seat handle . I used little plastic toy hooks to keep the ends in place . My daughter was not so enthusiastic about the spiral , but played with it a little . Then , to make matters worse , the pull-down part -LRB- which is the best part of the whole thing -RRB- broke within a few months even though she did not tug on it all that hard . Unfortunately , my window to return the product has passed , so I am stuck with a dud toy . Your $ 20 are definitely better spent on something else .
 I bought this toy thinking it would be good to use on my doorway jumperoo . The jumperoo has two rings on the two front suspension straps to hang toys on . But when I got the Whoozit Activity Spiral , it turns out it is very tightly coiled , like a spring ; not flexible or bendable . It is difficult to uncoil it or to stretch it out . And there is no mechanism to attach it to things . Although it seems to advertise that you can wrap it around anything , this is completely not true . There is no wire or anything inside it to attach it with . If you feed it through a hole , it might stay . But in the case of my jumperoo , it would n't stay hooked on , but just coiled back up and fell off . So then I tried it on the baby 's carseat . Again , it wouldnt ' stay on . It was too short to wrap a coil from each end around the bars of the car seat , so it would just slide up to the top of the bar as it contracted , or it would fall right off . IF it were made of something stretchier , or if it had wire inside that would allow you to wrap the ends around something , it might be good . I think the baby would like the little dangling toys on it . But as it is , it wo n't attach to anything we have . And when it is so tightly coiled -LRB- as it is all the time unless you 're stretching it out yourself -RRB- the toys are all jumbled up in the coils and not visible or reachable for baby . So to me it is a pretty useless toy .
 I used to have this wrapped around the arch of our Gymini by Tiny Love . However , I removed it once baby started using her hands in opposition to each other , because she could pull it off , and as such it presents a strangulation hazard . I still let her use it , but only under supervision . I have it wrapped around one of the straps on my Ergo baby carrier .
 I am a huge Manhattan Toy fan , and my babies love several of their toys . The Whoozit spiral , unfortunately , does not make the cut . The product picture of this toy is deceiving . After two months of use , the spiral remains in a tight coil , so as other reviewers have pointed out it is hard to discriminate toys . This would have made an excellent car seat toy , had the manufacturers figured a way to keep the spiral stretched as it is pictured .
 I bought this because the colors looked so bright and the attachments looked interesting - I thought for sure my baby would love it . However , when I first introduced this to my baby , she cried every time she saw it -LRB- I always had to switch it out with another toy -RRB- . Part of the problem is that it does n't stretch out on the car seat handle - it just stays bunched together and the attachments stay almost in one big clump . Since she is just an infant , she can not pull the ball that shakes - so it 's pretty much useless . The only good part is that this item is machine washable ... but even so , it 's not worth $ 20 . Save your money and buy something else .
 Ordered this toy for my daughter for Christmas , ordered it four weeks prior to Christmas ... and it never came !!!!
 Interesting for a day or two - my son was fascinated the first time he saw it and less interested every day on
 Overall , I thought this was a nice idea . How long have we wrestling fans wanted a `` scale '' ring ? Unfortunately , the execution of the idea is lacking . The problem stems from the metal poles going into plastic braces and the ropes being so tight , that the plastic braces just do n't hold up . The longest I , personally , have seen a ring stay together is 3 weeks or so . That 's with no playing ... just standing figures in it . I 'm thinking of either glueing everything together or getting red whit and blue elastic to try and remake the ropes so they are n't as tight . Maybe both .
 When I first saw this ring on the back of a wrestling box , I thought I had to have it . When I got it for my birthday I was so happy . But when I got it built it was n't as good as I thought it was . I did n't like it because the metal posts kept coming out of the plastic post supports . I think for a collector this would be perfect as long as it was never played with . If you want to play with it , it is not very strong . I think that the support clips need to be taller . I was very disappointed with this toy .
 This ring looked so cool that I had to have it . I was dissappointed with it because it must have been designed by a drunk . The turnbuckle posts keep caving in and one of the plastic supports underneath broke off because of the rope tension . I should have threw my fifty bucks in the trash can than buy this piece of trash !
 hi im christian hernandez if u r thinking about buying this read this review.lets start with looks the aprons are a nice cloth there is an old wrestlemania logo on it . u can fit weapons under the ring.the mat is not plastic it is like a real canvas it has soft padding under it.it comes with blue steps.the turnbuckles are foam . they have a old wwe logo on them . there has been A LOT of hype around this ring but we were dissapointed . looks it gets an A + playability and durrability f - the ropes are to tight the corners pop out if u want a recommendation get the old rings they r better the ones i am talking about are wwe ring of poison with jr the king annonce table like the real one 2chairs 2monitors 2headsets crown cowboyhat . also wwf hardcore action ring with same stuff but instead of king earl hebner9there is a version with just the ring0 . also if u want a cage get wwf rage in the cage .
 Bought this for my son 's 10th birthday ... thought it was the coolest looking ring he 'd ever seen . Could n't even put it together without the ropes pulling the posts right out of the ring ! Ended up taking it back and buying the cheaper ring ... what a waste of time !
 the ring is very nice looking but there are to many plastic pieces and its not strong enough to hold the ring togetherneed more cast iron pieces at the corners and stornger clamps underneith the ring the plastic clamps keep falling off and the ring continues to collasp i had to put clip binders the type you get at a stationary store and i had to stick long 6 inch nails at the corners to keep the corner buckles from coming out once again the toy is very nice looking and the size is great for my son to play with his wrestlers but it is not sturdyfalls apart very easly and i hope that this review makes it to someones eyes thank you and have a very nice day
 I bought this ring from TRU today , as I have been waiting months to get my hands on one . I thought that this ring was the `` Ring of all Rings '' and not since the old 1980 's LJN blue wrestling ring had their been any rings really worth wanting . I removed it from the box , began putting it together and was thinking the whole time . . WOW this is absolutely cool , real foam turnbuckles , metal ring posts , canvas mat . . really authentic looking ... and once I began assembling the ring ropes it started falling apart on me.The metal ring posts kept popping out of their plastic ring supports and continued to cave in if they did ` nt already pop out . When I finally did assemble the ring , the posts were bent inwards with stress marks on the plastic supports . If you touched it with any small force -LRB- bouncing the ropes etc. -RRB- , the whole ring would fall apart . The problem with this is that the ring supports should be metal just like the ring posts , and the plastic just can not support that kind of tension along with the metal posts ! As I said , this ring was an EXCELLENT idea , but for $ 50.00 you would think that Jakks would not be skimping on the quality of the ring . . What a piece of junk !
 this is a piece of junk . it does not even last one day . the ring post pulls apart the turnbuckles rip . DO NOT BUY IT . NOT WORTH IT . the ropes also strech
 This well made and nice looking trick falls far short of spectacular . It 's barely puzzling . The problem is this
 We purchased this along with the 14 `` Interactive Spider-ManandInteractive Green Goblinfigures -LRB- check out my Amazon reviews -RRB- . The whole lot was a complete disaster . We have a 5-year old and a 4-year old and they want to ` play ' with action figures , not just sit and watch the figure repeat a couple phrases.If you have an older child who wants these for room decorations , then by all means , buy it . If your child wants to play with the toys , look at the Hasbro line of action figures from the new WB cartoon series , `` The Spectacular Spider-Man . `` UPDATE
 I ordered this toy for my 9-month-old daughter who loves to chew on tags , thinking she 'd enjoy chewing on the carrot leaves . Well , the carrot we got does n't have any leaves , so it 's a bust .
 I really wanted to love this ! It looked soo cute on the site , and I love that its organic cotton . . however , my baby does n't care for it . I gave it to him and he just ignored it ... disappointing !
 A bit disappointed with the color - pretty dull compared to the one showed in picture . And the material is not soft .
 I bought this Bachman as my Grandson 's third train knowing full well that he would need assistance and supervision with it -LRB- he is a very active six year old -RRB- . He had a Bachman HO and I have had two G gauge Bachman 's , so I was aware they were at the low end in train quality -LRB- not LGB , MTH or Lionel in quality -RRB- . Let me state that this train was always operated by my grandson with either my or my daughter 's suervision , we knew all too well what might happen if he were left to his own devices ! I bought it with the idea that it would fit well on the dinning room table and would be easy for me or his mother to set-up in a short period of time.While the engine and are cars are very detailed , they are not durable and not well constructed -LRB- couplers are super CHEAP -RRB- !!! Immediately after the first run , a screw fell out of the right side driver 's -LRB- try getting that back in ! -RRB- Then I discovered that the drivers on each side were not properly set up , so that the engine wobbles from side to side as it runs . I checked all the other screws in the engine , and all were loose . IF you buy one of these trains , checked the screws in the engine drivers and the one on the underside of the engine at regular intervals as they work loose frequently . I re-set the drivers by removing the bottom retaining plate and moving the position of the drivers on one side -- I did this repeatedly until I reduced the side-to-side wobble to a minimum , but it was not eliminated . I can only conclude that this is a design flaw -LRB- just look at the plastic drive shaft from the tender to the engine !!! -RRB- that is the result of cut-rate engineering and manufacturing . While it is not meant to be a Fisher-Price toy , it is not even adult qualiity.I really do n't believe this train is worth $ 100 or more -- probably $ 30 or $ 40 at most .
 Terrible product that broke within a few days of careful use . I would like to return the product but the Bachmann company will not return my voice message or my email . Can you help me please . Thank you ! Sincerely , Jeremy Harper
 work fine when first recived it then it started making the rubber bands come off then it went to far the piston rods came off then while repairing it the srew fell in the carpet then was no sight off it all dont buy THIS !!!!
 I bought and am very happy with the Overland Limited train set from Bachman . It contained the steel alloy EZ track system -LRB- black roadbed -RRB- and was easy to assemble and the basic simple oval , -LRB- no turnouts -RRB- worked fine . Then I decided to go with the Nickle Silver , -LRB- grey roadbed -RRB- . So I Bought the NS EZ Track `` Your First Track Pack '' . All went well as far as putting the track together . But there were no directions on how to wire the turnouts , -LRB- track switches -RRB- . There are parts in the box with absolutely no mention of what they are or what they do . This on a product the manufacturer obviously knows is targeted for beginners.I called the Bachman Customer Service number and after listening to two menus and being turned over to a voicemail machine , I left my message . There has not been a return call from Bachman , -LRB- a week now -RRB- . Additionally , now I find out that the EZ track system turnouts from Bachman have always had problems . You have to file and bend and tinker and hope for the best . If you know nothing about model railroading like me , You might want to try another brand.My major complaint is that there was zero direction for wireing the turnouts .
 i have got this set to extend my set . i have waited a long time for the shipment , so i was very excited about it . much to my surprise , two of the turnouts were defect ; the trains were constantly derailing . i had to buy new turnout from the local hobby shop . i advise buying the parts separately
 Purchased the Bachmann Snap-Fit E-Z Track World 's Greatest Hobby First Railroad Track Pack . It arrived perfectly through Amazon and though the set does not contain any printed assembly instructions to build a track - it does contain a DVD that explains everything about model train set building - from plywood frames to detail landscape design , if you were to need such information . Providing a schematic track plan on how to build the layout on the box cover would have been nice.Anyways , the worst of it is , after assembling all of train track , some of the electrical track switches would not operate . After placing a call to Bachmann support - they are a little rough but it was before Christmas - I agreed to test the switches with more exact control . Through the testing process , I confirmed that the connection wires which are plugged in between the electronic switch and the track switch as provided by Bachmann are defective . Electrical current will not flow through them . I have left two messages with technical support since the start of the 2011 and will keep trying until they replace their faulty product.Overall BAD experience .
 I purchased a Bachman train for my grandchildren because it looked so good in the advertisement . When I received it I was shocked by the poor quality . The track pieces do not fit together in two places and the train derails everytime it goes over those spots . That is particularly disturbing because it takes an hour to get it back on the tracks . The wheels are almost impossible to align and not one single coupling works . I had to cut velcro to connect the cars . It also derails when it goes in reverse . It was a complete waste of money but it is not worth my time to fight about it . I just learned to NEVER but another train on the internet . PIECE OF JUNK !!!!
 There is no option on this page for the Pewter Baby Rattle for me to buy it or add it to my shopping cart . What is going on ? I want to buy this right away !
 This keychain game of Scrabble is cute but that 's about it . It 's overpriced and useless . The letter tiles are TINY and extremely thin . I understand this is just a keychain version of the game , but I bought it in store at Barnes & Noble so I was n't able to tell what it was like inside.I would n't consider this a toy -LRB- hence the low ratings -RRB- . This is more of a collector 's item , or a cute ye impractical and un-useable gift .
 The little ballerina loved decorating her stool , but it lasted about 2 days . Very cheaply made , the screws strip out and it 's not very sturdy . Cute , but not a good buy .
 With regular playing , within one hour the grappler -LRB- the thing that holds the bale in the bucket -RRB- fell off and wo n't stay on . The parts to the bucket keep coming off . We 've spent more time putting it back together than my son has had playing with it .
 Our son is in love with all things tractor and so we got this for him for Christmas . Sadly , it falls apart insanely easily . The wheels pop off , the baler is wonky , etc. . He adores his tractor so even though it 's in a sad state he wo n't allow it to be removed from his room . We hope to find a better option that is made more durable -LRB- this one is mainly plastic which surprised me -RRB- .
 Do not waste your money on this toy . We 've owned it for 2 days and it 's already fallen apart . The wheels pop off every time my boys play with it . The bale mover has come apart at every connection point multiple times , and now wo n't stay together even when we try to reassemble it . I 've had good luck with ERTL toys in the past , but this is just cheap plastic junk .
 I ordered this tractor for my 2 year-old son . He inspected it and moved on to other Christmas toys . He did come back to it later and played with it a little along with the other tractors he received . Almost immediately , the hay-baler fell off . Upon inspection , I found the the hay baler to be made of very flemsy plastic . A couple of days later , the steering wheel to the tractor broke . I would not recommend this toy . We ordered a Case front-end-loader for him for Christmas as well . The Case is a much better , sturdier product which I would buy again .
 This tractor looked like it would be a lot of fun for my kids . I must say that I am not very happy with it . I have to fix the bale mover all the time . It falls apart constantly . The tires also fall off all of the time and I end up having to fix those as well . I spend more time fixing it than my sons do playing with it . I would not recommend this tractor if you have a child that plays with his or her toys !
 every time my son plays with this tractor something falls off of it . would not recommend this toy .
 I should have heeded the poor reviews , but this is worse than expected . The pieces started falling off immediately , including tires . It 's a bother to return things like this , but I 'm going to because of the price . This is a Dollar Store toy ! Seriously bad .
 My son was so excited to receive this , but it lasted only a few days with non-rough play . Much of this vehicle , including three tires and multiple areas of the part that holds the hay bale , simply broke off . Sadly , it quickly became unusable and we ended up purposely removing all the tires and repurposing them and the hay bale for other vehicles to load/unload .
 My 2yr old adores this toy that breaks if you look at it wrong . He walks around with it saying `` dad fix '' which would be fine except it is composed of way too many easily separated parts half of which are lost .
 Prompt delivery on the toy , made mostly of plastic and 2-pieces broken within 30/min of opening gift on Christmas , one on bale mover , just by moving it and the other was the hitch after attaching a rotor mower to it and pulling for maybe 10/min . Great toy , just needs to be make more sturdy for childrens enjoyment .
 The Luna Aurora Imagine is a terrible guitar . Purchased two of them just to find out these are toys priced as real instruments . Too many cosmetic , craftsmanship and playability flaws to mention ... in essence the Luna Imagine is a toy guitar rather than a real instrument . Complained to Luna instead of returning the guitars , and they offered free exchange for a different model and excellent support . In the end , very happy with Luna . Just stay away from the Aurora Imagine if you need a real guitar . If you are OK with overpriced toys , then you may like this one .
 UPDATE November 19 , 2011
 It 's possible that I got a lemon here , but this thing sounds terrible . I tuned it using an electronic tuner so it 's deadly accurate , and the guitar still sounds like it has loose strings . The strings bounce off the top fret and bottom fret and sounds very tingy . Again , might have just been a lemon , but it 's a major disappointment . I would not put this in the toy category , not musician category .
 Update
 This is an overpriced but nice-looking toy . However , that is probably the only nice thing I can say about it . It is tiny , so some of the names are very hard to read . When I first saw it , what caught my attention immediately was they showed Kashmir as a land outside of India -LRB- marked in white -RRB- . Kashmir is still an integral part of India . Then , again , this toy is made in China . So , no wonder it was shown that way ! To the manufacturers of this toy
 I thought this would be a great globe to keep on my desk ... until I realized it was missing South Sudan . Granted it 's a relatively new country , but the wall map I ordered on Amazon already reflected the change , so I do n't appreciate the manufacturer unloading obsolete inventory at my expense . I will be returning this item , with the hopes that an updated version will soon follow .
 I thought this would be bigger . It is very small and hard to see the names on the globe of the countries . Not really satisfied .
 This electric train set is no good . A disaster . The wheels are too little and the train keeps falling off the tracks . A complete disappointment . Would not recommend for anyone to buy this set .
 I paid $ 20 plus about $ 8 shipping for this cheap old looking toy that came in a box that looked like it had been sitting around for years . I would n't even care about the box if the toy was at least worth $ 20 , but it is not . It looks A LOT better in the picture than in person . The Disney store has a wide array of PR toys w / multiple characters in one box for the price I paid for this one . I will be sure to NEVER buy from this vender again .
 I have been a model railroader for years in HO scale . I do not have the space I had in the past so I ordered an N gauge set . The 4-8-4 I ordered is not a smooth running engine . It has to be pushed to start and will not stay running . I find the track to be OK but falls apart easy . You will need to nail it down or it will lift up and cause cars to derail .
 I purchased a set in December as an exploratory entre to get back into the model railroading hobby . I did a lot of research , but I believe the reviews were not accurate . I was very disappointed with the set . First , it did not run very well . The engine contiunally stalled . I made sure the track was on an absolutely level surface but the problems persisted . Next , the lead truck on the engine fell off after a few days of operation . My experience was so bad , I was about to abandon getting back into the hobby until I came across models from other manufacturers . In comparison , I was not im -LSB- pressed with the Bachmann quality . In retrospect , I dont believe I can not even recommend it for purely toy value purposes
 I set this up with care , But the build quality was so poor that we did not even take any other train cars out the set . My Son who should be playing with his new train days before Christmas has to wait ! FYI-It 's made in CHINA - Not happy with this purchase !
 What a pain your power system in the USA is 120v our system in NewZealand is 240 so a complete burnout of transformer and controller . Wanted to send back to Amazon but would have cost me ninety NZ dollars not worth it
 The train itself was fine . The track was miserable . The connection between the power and the track were none existant ant did not make a good connection . This train set could not be used as supplied . This set would never influence anyone to look at model trains as a hobby . I have built two layouts before , one a TT guage and a HO guage . This is not sour grapes as I bought the set to see if I could handle the size as my hands are not what they used to be and neither are my eyes .
 I am the assistant director of a preschool and the school purchased two of these tents for our Thanksgiving Center . They have been awful from day one - They do not stay together - The material rips very easy . BIG waste of our money . We purchased them over the summer and just got them out of the box the 1st of November - can not return them because of the 30 day refund policy ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 While the concept is good , there is no way to securly fasten the blue tubes to the main body , so they keep flying off and need reattaching as each child crawls through at their normal breakneck speeds . I would avoid it to be honest .
 The tubes do not attach to the junction middle piece , but merely lie there . They fall out when the child crawls through . This was a frustrating and disappointing moment at Christmas .
 Kids enjoy it , but poorly made . Fabric not sewn on well and thin . Do n't expect to last more than 6 months without being totally torn .
 This is a great idea , but since the tunnels do n't attach to the `` junction '' they come out EVERY time a kid crawls through them . Every time ! Definitely not worth the money . Spend a little more on a better quality product . Would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I really wanted to love this &#34; Tunnels of Fun &#34; set , but when I pulled it out Christmas Eve night to set up for my daughter , I was disappointed about a few different things . For one , I was disappointed that the thing in the middle wo n't stand up on its own . It relies on the tubes to hold it up . Maybe it 's obvious to other people , but I did n't realize this when I bought it . The second thing I did n't like , was the tubes just would n't stay put , even for me to put each one in each hole . If I could n't even put it together without it falling apart , then there 's no way it would survive my energetic toddler crawling around in it . I suppose I could have purchased velcro and rigged the tunnels onto the middle part , as other reviewers have done , but when I buy a product , I do n't feel like I should have to rig it to make it work properly . It 's a poor design , and as much as I wanted to love this toy for my daughter , I had to return it . I instead ordered a straight tunnel for my daughter -LRB- I think it 's even the same brand -RRB- , and she loves it .
 We have tried putting this together several ways and ca n't seem to get it right . We have read the instructions over and over and it should n't be this hard . Any suggestions from other users ?? It says to use 4 poles on the bottom and then the top ... this makes it smaller than the actual tent . It 's also confusing because they actually sent 12 poles for the top and bottom instead of eight . HELP !! I left a message with Pacific Playtents but no response yet .
 My kids are always stealing my expensive Canon digital camera , so I bought 2 of these Disney cameras for them . They like to photograph silly things like their feet , their toys , and their lunch . This Disney camera is not even applicable to such silly-fun photography . I was fair warned that the pictures would be grainy when downloaded -LRB- only 1 megapixel -RRB- , but I hoped that the act of photographing stuff would be a fun activity for the kids . No so . The LCD screen on the back of the camera is completely useless , as you can barely even make out objects within 1-2 feet away . When preparing to take a picture , you must hold the camera very still and about 12 inches from the subject . When using such a technique , you will be able to make out the outline of the object , at best . After the kids gave the cameras a try and discovered that the LCD images were impossible to decipher , the cameras were left in the bottom of the toy box . Do not waste money on this camera .
 My daughter received this camera as a gift at Christmas . What a horrible toy . She took many pictures and when we tried to load them onto the computer the message stated that there were no pictures to load ?????? Seems easy enough to use for any child , I just think it is a poor product . I wish I knew where I could return it . Save your money and buy something real !
 This product is junk . I purchased two of them and three days later one of them were broken already and the pictures are horrible ! They have no flash and need direct sunlight and even then good luck getting a good picture . We are yet to get one . Save your money !
 I ca n't really say anything that has n't been said before . I bought this camera last July for my son 's 4th birthday . It is small , about the size of a box of matches . Too small for small hands.Has an LCD on the back , but it only shows picture number , no preview . No flash . Holds about 50-60 pictures , that my son went through in about 3 minutes . He did n't seem to care that he did n't see a preview , but never asked to use it again after we downloaded the first batch of pictures and no one could tell what was in them . I uploaded some examples.The viewfinder is not lined up with the lens so even pictures taken by an adult are bad and cut off . Indoor pictures were just terrible , outdoor pictures would n't be too bad if viewed only in small preview size , not printed , and if the viewfinder lined well enough to get pictures that were n't all decapitated and the side of the image ... shoulda just given him my old digital camera and bought a new one for myself ...
 This thing is junk . My daughter received it for Christmas and was so excited to get it until she tried to use it . She was crushed by how badly it worked . The picture quality was ZERO ! It was ridiculously bad , even for a toy . The only reason it got one star is because it 's cute looking . Disney ought to pull it off the market . Ours is being returned asap . Do n't waste your money .
 We purchased the camera and my daughter was quickly very disappointed . The pictures were very dark . You needed a lot of light for them to come out . Also , the batteries died quickly . It uses battery energy to maintain the pics so you want to remove the pics as soon as possible.The one bright spot is the picture editor software . It was fun to use and provide some good Disney additions .
 I wish I could pick negative stars . I bought this for my daughter 's birthday and I ca n't get the pics off this thing onto the computer . Then when I try to delete them off the camera it 's a whole nother hassle.Seriously spend the extra money and get a different cheapy camera .
 Our daughter received this as a holiday gift , and it has caused more pain than provided enjoyment . Poor quality all way ` round . No battery life , and impossible to see what pictures have been taken unless in full sun . She 's not happy since she can not realize results at all , and so we 're off to get something a bit better .
 This camera greatly under-performed from my expectations . The picture quality is not very good . I figured it would not be the same size as a normal camera , the picture that shows the camera in the advertisement is extremely misleading . When it showed up at my doorstep and I realized it was the size of a tic tac box I laughed ! I would never buy this product again -- Very disappointed !
 This camera deletes all the photos all the time . Very disappointing , after your kid has spent the day taking pics , only to have them all deleted at the end of the day . At first , it was our kids ' own mistake as it 's VERY EASY to delete your pics on this camera . Then , we realized it was n't our child , it was the camera doing it on its own ! Also , does NOT sync with the MAC and also does not sync on a pc without the disney software which is mediocre at best .
 Purchased as a toy for a toy price level of $ 10.59 including tax . Therefore , the fact that the pictures were extremely blurry was not an issue . However , this camera only worked the first couple of times my daughter used it . Now the download message consistently reports that there are no pictures in camera . A digital camera that either wo n't store a picture or wo n't send the picture to the computer is good for nothing but the landfill.Typical China junk -LRB- poor quality , poorly designed , produced solely to turn a quick buck -RRB- . This one will head to the dump to join the `` bargain '' $ 40 dollar -LRB- at 60 % off -RRB- Chinese junk camcorder that I picked up for her brother.Don ' t buy for the software either . The editing software will not recognize anything but this camera so do n't buy this thinking you can edit and decorate pictures from another camera when you discover that your new piece of Chinese junk does n't work . That wo n't be an option .
 cute design , adorable really -- my niece loved it . Then we tried to use it and nothing about it works . Ca n't see what you 're taking photos of , ca n't upload anything , USB connection pins broke on 2nd try . Waste of money .
 We purchased this camera after having to return 2 others -LRB- of different brand -RRB- to the store because they would just freeze up , and you would then loose the pictures . We thought this one would be great as my older daughter has a hannah montana one and loves creating new pictures with the software -LRB- even though the quality of the pictures is not the greatest -RRB- . With our other one we got the error , no pictures to upload , and switched batteries , just for cameras , and that fixed that problem.However , this one is no good , because when we hook up the usb to the camera and computer , it says the camera is not connected , please check connection and try again . Very frustrating , and now we search to see if there are any worth buying .
 It works ok for the purposes of my 4 year old , however , the picture quality is not great and the camera is SUPER small . Also no display screen to see your picture . Probably going to be looking for a new one to get her .
 This did not work ... at all ! I should have returned it , but I bought it as a gift for my 4yr old , and we did n't find that it did n't work until we gave it to her and she loved it . She still &#34; pretends &#34; that it works and it is the perfect size for small hands , but ours may have been defective because it just did not work at all
 This camera is awful . I 've spent an hour trying to get my computer to accept the software and let the camera show me the pictures . Every time I try to open the software , I get an error message saying `` Program has stopped working . '' This is aggravating . I 've read lots of other reviews complaining about this camera , though mine is specifically the red `` Jonas Brothers '' version . :-LRB- It 's going back to KMart tomorrow . : -LRB-
 Tiny tiny Tiny !!!!!!! Any child will be sad in recieving this ridiculous toy ! Its not even a decent size for a camera !
 My 7 yr old did n't like it because it does not display the pic . Buy one that you can see the picture right after you take it on the camera .
 I purchased this camera for my 7-year-old Daughter . It looks like a cute little camera but the pictures that it takes are horrible . They are so blurry and so dark that you can hardly see anything . The camera does n't have any type of flash and it is badly needed . We even tried taking pictures in very bright light and the pictures still look like they were taken outside at midnight without a flash . I do n't leave 1 star reviews very often but I feel this camera is very deserving of it .
 Folks , please be aware that this press steel track usually sells for Far Less than $ 100/section . Do yourself a favor and shop around . You can buy an Entire Train Set , including a circle of this track for about $ 170 . It is not intended for outdoor use , but works pretty swell under the Christmas Tree . For those interested in Largescale Trains , you would do good to look into a few online forums . LargeScale Central and MyLargeScale . YMMV
 Got the product and from the beginning the hole that you put the screw through seemed a little big for the screw . When I went to install the gear the screw seemed to go in quite nicely but then i realized it never stopped . I was n't even turning the allen wrench hard at all I thought that I was still in the beginning stages of getting it tightened . The threads inside the gear never stood a chance . My 3 year old daughter could have stripped these threads . I did n't even notice it was happening that 's how little effort it took . Poor quality , I did n't even bother returning it because it would have costs more to ship it back than it did for the entire cost and shipping of the item to come to my house .
 This duck is cheaply made . The `` music '' is all out of tune and sounds like background music from a cheap horror flick . Then , I noticed some of the fluff coming off from the back of the neck . I would have given it 1 star except my 7 month old son does actually like it . Wish I had bought a stuffed animal without the sound!Editted April 2010
 Slides are too small and difficult to see with the accompanying telescope . However it may be the faulted the smithsonian telescope that I bought with it
 Received Set 1 instead of Set 2 - did n't please anyone to have two Set 1 's for Christmas ! DO NOT ORDER !! Where is the Quality Control on these orders . How do you take a gift back and chance a return when it ca n't even be filled correctly . DO NOT ORDER !!
 THIS MAY OR MAY NOT BE A GOOD PRODUCT , AS OTHER CUSTOMERS HAVE OPPOSITE EXPERIENCES , SO I DO NOT KNOW . ONE THING FOR SURE , I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING THAT SHIPS FROM AUCTION LIQUIDATORS . THEY MAILED ME THE WRONG ITEM TWICE AND THEN DECIDED TO REFUND INSTEAD OF SENDING ME THE CORRECT ITEM WHICH IS CURRENTLY ADVERTIZED ON AMAZON . IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN BUYING LEARNING RESOURCES PREPARED SLIDES , ST 11 GO SOMEWHERE ELSE ! YOU 'LL HAVE BETTER LUCK !
 While Amazon quickly replaced the initial order of slides without hesitation , the second box was also defective . Pink dog , sheep & mouse fur are not up to my educational standards .
 Bought this for our nephew for a small microscope -LRB- he 's eight -RRB- I bought him earlier . The slides are overpriced and not of much use . Not a good buy .
 I bought 2 . The needle sticks all the time and you basically get a different reading everytime you pick it up . Not accurate .
 I purchased this set for my seven year old who is a lego fan , I thought it looked great and difficult to find such a model . However , when he tried to put it together it was very difficult for him because the instructions were n't clear enough , he ended up leaving it unfinished . Whereas , he can easiliy built the lego set ment for 12 yr old . I would n't buy it again .
 The Lego Blossom Fairy set came out in 2006 and has 46 pieces with a 10 dollar MSRP . The set is beautiful with many nice pieces . However it is no longer being produced so the price has risen dramatically -LRB- supply and demand -RRB- . Before purchasing you should realize what you are buying
 For the size and number of pieces -- this product should be about 20 dollars or less . Also no instructions were included , which disappointed my 6 year old -- since she prides herself on being able to follow the directions and construct herself . Otherwise - same good quality and fun you expect from lego .
 Mattel took a lot of artistic creativity with the illustration . The little part that launches the vehicles does n't have much power ; the jump is barely noticeable . It 's a roadway , but it 's not radical .
 I thought this toy looked great for my 5-year old son . The pieces are colorful and seem fairly durable , but my son can not put these animals together on his own . It took me almost 30 minutes to figure out the dragon . Once together , we were very disappointed that the dragon is flimsy and falls apart when handling . What 's the point if children ca n't play with the animals ? I am super disappointed in this product for the price and would not reccomend it for young children .
 my two sons wanted this toy more than anything else for Christmas because a friend just loved it , so we ordered two different models . unfortunately , they are on the same frequency -LRB- !!???!! -RRB- so my sons can not play together . we tried one on the third floor and another in the basement but each remote completely controls both cars.it 's the first remote toy that we 've bought in the last 5 1/2 years that does n't offer an additional frequency so two kids can actually play together , so it just sits gathering dust because my children hate this toy!plus , THEY DO N'T WORK WELL OUTDOORS AT ALL , just stalls and tips over in the grass , and gets stuck behind every single pebble it encounters . a complete waste of money unless you 're a single child family and live in the city where it could possibly be used on sidewalks since it does n't perform anywhere else .
 It arrived broken . It was a gift and I could n't give it . So we called the company they gave our money back and said to keep it .
 I bought this hoping I could use it as an enrichment game for my 2nd graders . After reading the instructions on how to play , I was so thorougly confused I had to re-read them a few times . Finally I called my husband over and we acted out a game as we read the instructions . At the end of the game he pretty much summed it up by saying `` Yeah , that 's not fun . '' The thing is , there 's way too many things going on for young kids to keep tabs on it all . They have to make pairs , discard cards and flip new ones over simultaneously . By the middle of the game , you have 3 piles of cards in front of you -- your discard cards , the equations you 've made , and your drawing pile . Plus you have the cards in the middle that you 're making equations with . On top of all that , I find the two different kinds of cards -- the addends cards and the sums cards are way too hard to distinguish between . They tried to make them look different from each other , but it 's too hard to tell them apart at a quick glance . I was really hoping this game would be a big hit in my classroom , but now I 'm not even going to teach it to them . It 's a shame because teaching with games is a very powerful thing !
 Despite the fact that this item is described as a `` set '' , and the picture shows stones on the board , this board comes with no stones . When my board arrived , the top of the board had rubbed against the cardboard box enough to partially wear away the grid on the board , at least to the point where the item is unsuitable as a gift .
 I purchased this GO board with high hopes , but when I opened it I immediately decided I needed to return it.I found that the picture of the board is misleading . It does not clearly show that the top of the board is a 1/8 '' applied top . Instead the pictures make the board look solid . Ok , that in itself was not a deal breaker.The worst part was that a significant number of the lines on the board were smudged . Not just a few , but most . This factor alone made the board ugly , while a GO board needs to be beautiful and pleasing to the eye . Also , all four corners of the top were slightly damaged.I was very disappointed.The good thing is that Amazon makes the return process extremely easy !
 A go board that is unusable is not a good deal at any price.First of all , the merchants clearly do n't care about the game . The stones should be placed on the lines , not the spaces in between as in the photo . This shows a complete lack of clue about the game of GO . A major clue that you do n't want this.Second , Go stones for a board of this size are hard to use over the course of a long game . Kids will give up in frustration . I have several go-bans at this size , and I can attest they are unsuitable for over the board play.You can buy a roll-up board and stones kit with regulation 8mm stones for about this same price . Your fingers will thank you . Kids will actually use it .
 This Go set -LRB- aka Weiqi -RRB- is of rather poor quality . The wood used is low-quality , which results in a lot of imperfections on the surface . The drawers are small and wiggle a lot and can not be opened or closed easily due to poor construction . The chess pieces are a joke , really small and so flat on both sides that they 're difficult to pick up ! The single instruction sheet also erroneously states the game originated in Japan -LRB- it actually originated in China at least 3,000 years ago -RRB- . I can not recommend this set . You might have better luck at a local sporting goods or educational goods store .
 As a puzzle lover I was rather disappointed in this puzzle . The product display screen on Amazon does not really show the puzzle and the unique shape of the box teased for something more . The puzzle itself is actually the -LRB- VERY small -RRB- picture on the wrap sleeve that slides over the cover of the box . This particular puzzle has a very country feel to the image -LRB- think quilts -RRB- . I generally like most puzzles whatever the image.Most disappointing to me about this particular puzzle , however , was that the variations in the die cuts are so few that you can put almost any of the pieces together and they seem to fit . Since much of the image is heavily redundant this was highly frustrating . It 's not that I dislike a puzzle that 's a challenge . The Impossibles puzzles with no edge pieces , an extra five pieces and no cover photo are some of my favorites . But when you have to keep rearranging pieces that ` seem ' to fit together by both image and cut edge alignment it can drive you mad.I will not buy another puzzle from this manufacturer .
 I agree with a previous reviewer that this thing is just poorly designed . I have 25 + years of experience and love solving the hardest puzzles , but when the pieces are so similarly shaped , and there is a 3-piece-wide border of solid black , this approaches the realm of the impossible , even for experts . Add to this the fact that my brand-new factory sealed puzzzle had three missing pieces , plus two pieces of an entirely different puzzle ... -LRB- !!! -RRB- , and that just makes this junk . Pretty junk , but junk , nonetheless . I will join the other reviewer and boycott this brand in the future .
 This is not a toy . At least not for any child less than 12 . Since I did n't get it for that reason , it worked for me . It was a prop for my workplace . However the seller took extreme advantage of the shipping . They lied about the method of shipping and charged me 19.95 for post office shipping of a package weighing a few ounces . I would NEVER use this person again and strongly suggest they review their policies .
 Not at all what you see in the picture . I could have picked these up at the local spoof store . the ants in the picture look big enough for children to pick up - these are nowhere near big enough . VERY disappointed . I was on a time crunch and had them shipped express . What a waiste of time and money ! I had to give these ants one star , but they do n't deserve it .
 had a picnic party and used the ants for little gag decor.fit the theme . hard to find this type of item after halloween -LRB- needed in summer month -RRB- what you would expect them to be . the package seems small but 144 ants go a long way.price good.recommend for a joke or gag gift person !
 I purchased these for table decoration at a picnic themed luncheon . As nice as the picture looks showing well defined ants , the actual product were not well molded and actually looked like spiders . Instead of being the cute icing on the cake of my theme , they creeped everyone out ! I 'm great for repurposing things I purchase , these went in the garbage .
 the ants did n't look very real but I bought them for a picnic I was having for friends - just to make sure we had some ants !
 When I first saw this I thought that it was four trucks . The price seemed right for four trucks . I had purchased a similar truck at Kohls for a fourth of the price so it only seemed right . When I got the package there was one truck and my boys are not loving it at all .
 I gave to my nine year old for Christmas . This was her first experience with origami and she became frustrated almost immediately . I am ordering the paperback easy origami hoping she will find the designs less difficult .
 The art supplies in the kit are lovely . Disappointed that the instruction `` book '' is mearly pages of folded paper . Would of liked something more durable . -LRB- Note
 From the little bit of use we got from the refill tablet , it was great . However , the FLY pen , not so much so I ca n't really write a long review about this item , since the FLY broke after only using it a few times .
 Go Diego Go To The Rescue 4 X 4The item pictured with this $ 27.00 price is not the item you will actually receive . The Diego talking 4x4 rescue vehicle is pictured , and that is what I wanted . I thought the price was a great deal , all those animals , Diego and the car . What I received was an entirely different Diego product . I received a much smaller vehicle and one of the animal figures was completely missing from the box . Very disappointed with my purchase .
 My little boy was very disappointed , he was expecting what we ordered . which was the jeep with the trailer . What we received was the Four Wheeler with the trailer , it also does n't talk.I had to spend extra money on shipping it back ! I 'm pissed !
 `` We used the sling shot two times before the rubber straps snapped off . I was very disappointed with the assembly of the product and much to my dismay I saw on the back of the packaging it said , `` Assembled by the Handicapped '' I really wish that the manfacturer stated this in their product description . Bottom line , a huge disappointment and a let down for the holiday . Save your money . ''
 This is a really fun and sturdy toy . My 2-year old loves playing with it both in sand and in water . I was very disappointed , however , to see an almost identical item at our local store for only $ 2.99 .
 This has been on my chest for a few years now and I need to finally voice this.First off , I started playing this MAGNIFICENT board game in it 's original edition w / expansions . It is quite simply , my favorite board game of all time . Brilliantly designed , easy to learn , yet complex . Endless fun combined with beautiful design . I still own all my old sets and by god have they validated their purchase through countless plays . It 's the only game in my collection I will never sell , regardless of my circumstances.That said , I must STRONGLY advise anyone from purchasing this re-release . First off , aesthetically it PALES in comparison to the original in design presentation and element quality . The artwork is extremely shoddy to boot . But my real beef with the re-release lies in the tweaked game mechanics which have made the game unforgivingly unbalanced . The original game should be applauded and held on a pedestal for it 's balance and game mechanics . Sadly , these things are mortally broken in this release . To be more specific -LRB- although there are numerous instances of this in the game -RRB- I am speaking primarily of the starting position rules.In the original , all robots started out on the same square in the form of virtual bots . While initially confusing to first time players -LRB- quickly learned and understood though -RRB- , this rule ensured fairness in having a singular start point for the race across the factory floor . In the re-release however , this element has been removed in favor of a starting board where all the robots start in different squares . The boards in this game are not linear -LRB- multiple paths to a singular goal -RRB- so by having different start locations for all robots , you are essentially breaking the starting balance of the game and ensuring that certain players will always start out with an advantage over others.Now , I 'm not just a fanboy saying how much better things were back in the day . In fact when this re-release came out I was so excited that my favorite board game was getting a reboot , I could n't wait to get my hands on it . How quickly did I change my tune , when I saw this garbage for what it was.In short , do not buy this re-release , as it is inherently broken . I would STRONGLY suggest finding copies of the original edition on eBay or elsewhere . It 's a truly magnificent game , and you should really treat yourself to how it was meant to be presented and played .
 it 's hefty for a nerf football ; travels as well as regular football.and it 's soft enough to be handled by children.however , the paint chips off as soon as it hits the outdoor ground and so does the sponge , or whatever the material , it consists of.in addition , it definitely should not be played with in the water . it soaks up water and does not dry for a week no matter how much you squeeze the moist out of it .
 This puzzle is no challenge whatsoever . Bored both my 18 month old grandchildren . The puzzle pieces fit in separate compartments , -LRB- there is NO interlocking -RRB- and have a duplicate color picture of the puzzle piece in the bottom of the compartment . The pieces are thick and easy to handle but other than fine-tuning their motor skills a bit there is nothing much a child can learn from this toy . We were disappointed and sent them to the thrift shop within weeks .
 I called the customer service and they said they no longer make the hand-painted puzzles . They only have ones with papers on . So if you , like me , looking for hand-painted ones , you wo n't be able to have them any more : -LRB- I have a two YO who enjoyed the hand-painted ones -LRB- she occasionally bite have them in her mouth but that does not affect them like the paper ones -RRB- . I wish the makers consider having some varieties as hand-painted again especially that they are targeting toddlers .
 I was so excited to get this puzzle for my little ones . Unfortunately , the item description is misleading . The puzzle looks nice -LRB- before the kids get to it -RRB- and the chunky pieces were a perfect size ! However , this puzzle is NOT hand painted . The puzzle pieces are just faced with a sticker , that easily comes off -LRB- in pieces ! -RRB- . That is not the quality I was expecting , especially from Melissa and Doug . I 've had the puzzle for 2 months now , and 2 or 3 of the pieces have the stickers mostly peeled off .
 The snapper is cute but I resent having to pay nearly twice the amount that the item originally cost for shipping .
 Please do not but these sand paper letters . I bought them back in december for my son . I just brought them out to give to him for his 3rd birthday . The glue used to adhere the sand to the letters is completely toxic . There is an awful smell emiting from the cheap paper cards . I have them sitting next to me in a ziplock bag and I can still smell them . The toxic oder is giving me an instant headache and stomach nausea .
 My 3-year-old loved this toy , but the battery compartment in the rear tinder was easily opened -LRB- no screw securing it -RRB- , and so the battery was always falling out , and getting lost along with the lid to the battery compartment . Then , there are wires going from the rear to the front engine car , and over time they break , rendering the toy useless . The Henry is designed the same way , and the same thing happened to us with that one .
 Horrible ... I was very excited to play this as I am a huge fan of the arcade game . Of course , I was n't expecting the quality to be the greatest but I was hoping for something playable . Track ball is stingy , graphics are atrocious and there is only one course to play . I have played better functioning , playable golf games 20 years ago on an PC . The idea was great but this just was n't made well . Do n't waste your money on this .
 Just wanted to say that this game is horrible . We had the first version and , even though it had a few glitches , it was fun . This one 's glitches are way worse . You can do the same shot over and over again and get very different results . Also , you do n't get much range of where you want to aim and where it lands is crazy - you ca n't tell most the time if you 're in the rough or what . Read decent reviews , but ... . do n't think they played the first one . The first one was way more realistic in its pictures , where you aimed and where the ball ended up . Also , you were n't asked if your husband played - very annoying .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my husband against my son 's advice . He warned me that this game would be fun for about 10 minutes and never played again . Exactly what happened . The graphics are very elementary compared to video game quality . This one went into the yard sale .
 $ 49 for a simple diary ? No , thanks . Not gon na buy it . Might have bought it for a small child if the price was n't outrageous .
 When I did a search for sand castle molds the result was the smaller molds . The large ones popped up stating that they were sold separately . Since the picture had several different shapes and you did not have an option to choose , I assumed you would get all of the pictured molds . With shipping I paid over $ 15.00 for one mold . This is definitely not worth the price . I do not recommend that anyone purchase this item .
 For this price , I thought all 4 molds pictured came together . I was shipped a single blue mold . Way overpriced for the one item . Very disappointed .
 I could n't believe how cheaply made this thing was ! For the price you would think the pieces would fit together . Very disappointed .
 I got one of these as a gift and had to `` regift '' it in an emergency . I bought this one to replace it . Alot of the photos I saw advertising it showed it in a rectangular box , the one I gave away was square and that 's what I wanted so I went with this advertisement since it shows a square box . Well , it arrived and it 's the rectangular box . I have no idea if there 's a difference in the 2 games but it does n't matter , it was n't what I thought I was buying . I 'm very disappointed so I guess I 'll have to give this one away and keep looking for the one I ordered !
 My 10 month old loved it at first until he touched it then it would stop moving . It would sit there until touched or tapped twice but by then my baby had knocked it over and so I had to baby sit the monkey for him to be able to have any play time . Love how it crawls where baby has to chase but does n't go very far and not good for keeping baby occupied unless you want to chase the monkey too .
 I bought this toy for my just learning to crawl baby . She will `` chase '' it , tap on it barely and over it goes . I have to constantly straighten it up . Now if she was whacking on it , I understand . But even I just grabbing it like a baby would , over it goes on its back or stomach . A baby does n't know how to put it right way up . But hey , maybe that is a lesson to be learned ? Teach a baby to put it upright ?
 We purchased this toy for our 7M old . Like the previous reviews said , it is always on its back from tipping over ! Many times the monkey actually moves toward the baby who then grabs it and knocks it over . Great concept but a waste of money .
 I bought this for my 9 month old son -LRB- preemie adjusted age is 7 months -RRB- . He just learned how to crawl and I thought this would help him . Either my son is too fast or the toy is too slow . He caught the money everytime and flung it across the floor . Once the monkey is laying on its back it ca n't move ! The toy stayed upright for maybe 15 seconds at a time and then my son either caught it or it ran into something and fell over . Seems like it worked out well for the other reviewers ... this was just my experience . One of the only toys in my life that I returned the next day after purchasing .
 I thought this would be great for my new crawing baby , but it wouldnt go every time when he tapped it like it was supoessed to do , so he lost interest in it .
 I found this in the clearance aisle of a local store and bought it because my 9 month old son loved it in the box and loved the sounds it makes . He likes most toys and even ones that move and sing -LRB- unlike my 3 yr old daughter who is frightened if a toy even moves a tiny bit -RRB- so I thought he would love it . We got it home and out of the box and I turned it on . The monkey made its cute noises and started moving and my son let out a blood-curdling scream and jumped into my arms trying to get away from the monkey . I 'm very disappointed , but we are going to try and get him acclimated to the toy by letting him be around it when it is n't on and maybe he 'll enjoy it sometime . OR maybe I 'll just be selling it or giving it away very soon .
 I agree with the first reviews - the concept of the monkey is really good but the design unfortunately flawed . Every time my son gets its hands on it it just topples over . So it does not serve its intended function at all . Overall , great concept poor execution .
 This toy was purchased last Christmas for my 6 mos . old baby . This product has 2 major faults , in addition to its annoying chatter it falls all of the time making it a hassel . Needless to say , it currently sits unused in the toy box ... the money would have been better served being placed in a savings account for a future date .
 My daughter got this toy when she was six months old and she loved to watch the monkey . The problem was it broke after two weeks of gentle use . I 'm not sure she would have liked it once she was more mobile anyway .
 We were so excited to buy this for our 7 month old daughter who was learning to crawl . She got the monkey quickly and then the monkey would topple over . Not motivating or stimulating enough to keep her attention .
 This was a total waste of money . It had such rave reviews I thought it was a must have for my then 9 month old to have to encourage crawling . This thing basically moves a few inches in one direction , turns and moves a few more inches . The only redeeming quality it the cute monkey noises it makes -LRB- although some might find those annoying . -RRB- It 's not very sturdy , and falls over easily .
 This is a fun idea , but once the baby starts to crawl after the monkey and touches it , the monkey falls over and is unable to get back up . You would have thought the manufacturers would have tested this on toddlers before hand !
 well i had been looking at buying this toy for awhile . i finally bought it and it was not as great as i thought it would be . My daughter is 8 months old and scoots around on the floor like you would n't belive so i thought this toy would be great for her to go after . Well she did n't like it , she would cry everytime it started making noise and moving . Another thing i did n't like was that the toy would n't go very far before turning around and stopping i thought it would go further and actually give the baby a chance to crawl after it . By the time the baby gets up to it and touches it it starts moving toward the baby so how are they supposed to chase it if it was trying to run them over ? Another thing i did n't like was that everytime the baby touched it it fell over and then it was n't good for anything i mean unless you have alot of time to pick up the toy everytime your baby touches it . I bought it and then took it back to the store the next day . Not a very good toy at all . My husband thought it would be a great toy also and he does n't like it at all either . After i took this toy back i bought the roll a round gumball machine for my baby and she loves it .
 I may have bought this for my baby too late . At 8 months he 's already crawling well , but this might be better for a baby who is not quite there and needs encouragement . The monkey makes him laugh and he wants to kiss him , but once it runs off and he catches it , he looks at me like , `` now what ? '' The monkey just spins his wheels on his back and my baby crawls off to something else .
 This was given to my daughter as a birthday gift and even if she was younger than a year old , it still would n't be very good . All it did was startle her when it first started up and did nothing but waddle around , stop and turn and go in another direction with the same annoying monkey sound and music . Pretty boring . My daughter was already almost walking so it was too late to assist her in crawling , but it might encourage younger babies to get moving .
 My daughter who is 9 months old loves this toy , it 's me who hates it !!! She loves the music and it moving , but it falls down every single time , that I am the one crawling after it to pick it up ! I am now an excellent crawler ! My daughter could already crawl when her grandad bought this , but if she could n't , it would have been no help . If they could figure out the balance on it , it would be a great toy !
 I saw this advertised in a magazine and thought it would be perfect for my 7 month old son . But it was n't ... Problems
 This product amused me more than my 8-month old . The music and monkey sounds are funny -- however , that 's about the only good thing I can say . The monkey moves really slowly and even on wood , does n't seem to provoke much interest in a `` chase '' . I am a BIG fan of all things Fisher Price . This , however , was a $ 15 letdown ...
 I bought this for my 8-month old who loves to crawl . She likes the monkey and the noise/music that it makes . The problem is that every time she touches it , it falls over . It spends more time on it 's back on the floor than anything else . I gave it one star for the great idea . I can not believe Fisher-Price would sell a toy that is so obviously flawed . All it needs is a little more stability -LRB- 4 wheels instead of the three -RRB- .
 I THOUGHT THIS TOY WOULD BE PERFECT FOR MY VERY ACTIVE 8 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER . MY LITTLE GIRL LOVES CHASING OUR DOG ALL OVER THE HOUSE SO I THOUGHT I WOULD GIVE THE DOG A BREAK AND PURCHASE THIS TOY . RIGHT AWAY SHE LOVED THE NOISES AND MUSIC BUT THE TOY ONLY ROLLED FORWARD A FOOT AND THEN REVERSED ITS DIRECTION FOR ABOUT ANOTHER FOOT . IT DEFINITELY WAS N'T A CHALLENGE FOR HER TO CATCH HIM AND ONCE SHE DID SHE JUST KNOCKED HIM ON HIS SIDE AND THE FUN WAS OVER . AT FIRST I THOUGHT THERE WAS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE TOY BUT AFTER SEVERAL ATTEMPTS TO MAKE IT GO FURTHER THAN A FOOT IN EITHER DIRECTION IT BECAME PAINFULLY CLEAR THIS TOY WAS A TOTAL BUST .
 My 8 month-old son got this as a Christmas present . When we saw the toy in the box , I said it would be perfect for him . He can already crawl , but I thought it would be fun for him to have something to chase . Ha . First of all , as other reviewers have said , the toy just goes a short distance and then turns around and runs into him . It does n't scare him , but it 's not much fun either . Secondly , it takes a pretty specific motion to make it move again . He likes to swat at the arms , and that is n't enough to get it going . You have to tap the head . Third , when he does tap it hard enough to make it go , it just falls over . This toy keeps his attention for all of 30 seconds . Total waste of money . I give it 2 stars just because it 's a cute idea . If they were to rework the toy and reintroduce it later with improvements , I 'm sure it would be great .
 My daughter got this at 7 months old . I thought it was absolutly adorable and a great idea . She loved it until it turned directions and ran over her . She did n't get hurt just startled but it is so slow that she is just learning to crawl and catches it and then it runs over her with the wheels and she starts screaming and will have nothing to do with it for a long time . This is a continuos pattern that I have seen with her . She actually hates the toy and is scatred of it because it keeps running over her . I gave it 2 stars thoug because it has n't hurt her in running her over just scares her . The wheels are made well and do n't pinch the baby when it runs over them . I think that is a wonderful thing .
 My `` little monkey '' loved this toy when we first brought it home . She would crawl after it and laugh with delight over it . Unfortunately , she would knock the silly thing over everytime she touched it so we were constantly picking the thing back up again . Well , she loved picking it up by it 's arm and now it wo n't `` walk '' anymore ! The music stutters and does n't play like it used to and there is no more movement . My daughter will pick it up and get excited when she hears the music , only to be disappointed when it wo n't move anymore . This toy stays at the bottom of the toy box now .
 I bought toy for my daughter when she was almost 8 months old and had just started crawling . She was getting bored with all her old `` stationary '' toys so I figured get her something she can interact with while she moving around on the floor . Big mistake ! The monkey doesnt move far AT ALL and then turns around ... where 's the chase ? It also is only activated when the baby touches it and since it 's not very sturdy , usually just falls over and then becomes a chew toy for a minute . I would not recommend this toy for any age , crawling or not -LRB- unless your baby likes to throw things , it seems to be durable -RRB-
 You have to wait till it makes its monkey noise to tap it on the head and get it to walk . By then its been flung around and on its back somewhere with wheels spinning in the air . Also if you have little kids , there are toys laying around . If it hits a toy , it knocks over and your back to my previous point . My 1yr old son does not find it very interesting .
 This toy is poorly made . I got one for a 18-month-old . It lasted only one day . When the child dropped the toy on the hard wood floor , the wire broke off from the wooden base and the base was chipped . This toy is smaller than expected .
 These are very tiny compared to the picture . I just expected them to be larger than they are . I was actually kinda disappointed when I received them and saw they were about the size of the palm of my hand .
 I bought this dvd after reading the 5 star reviews on Amazon . When I finally got it , I was sorely disappointed . Most of the stuff shown in the dvd are n't really sleight of hand tricks . They are more like lame magic tricks done with cards . Pretty boring and unlikely to impress anyone over 10 . Then I went back on amazon and read the reviews by some of the other posters . Turns out , most of them only rated other Ellusionist products , and gave them all 5 stars . Seems pretty suspicious to me ... Anyway , if you are looking for a dvd that will teach you how to do ` magic ' tricks with cards , then buy this dvd . Otherwise , save your money because they sure as hell are n't teaching you beginner 's sleight of hand .
 Even though I will not give out the solution to this puzzle I must say that I 've solved about 85 % of IQ Collections puzzles as for the others well ... I have n't bought yet ... HEHE =D . The first impression behind this puzzle was that it actually was intimidating with a rope , a peg , and a ring to undo it from which I spent contemplating countless minutes trying to get that darn ring off that puzzle with no luck . Well ... I was about maybe 2-3 hours into figuring it out the puzzle by twisting the rope in and through the ring and over the peg ... etc. . . etc. . Then suddenly the unthinkable happened ... which seemed like a solution appeared to be more like an engineering mistake in terms of the puzzle falling apart . I then took the puzzle back to the store for a refund and also noticed other stocked puzzles of this same kind fell apart exactly the same way as mine did . As to my knowledge this is the worst puzzle you can give to anyone due to this malfunction .
 Have n't we done this before . Really , how many stuffed animals can a kid have . And if you want stuffed animals , try BEANIE BABIES ... They sell for three bucks now , just like these will a year from now . Anyway , if you are looking for a hot collectible , check out Discmo . They are very durable toy discs sold in themed sets as well as individually . The cool thing about them is they are a totally opened-ended toy with educational value . On top of that , they are a collectible . Anyway , my kids and all thier friends love them . They like to find new way to play . I feel good becasue I am providing them with a toy that is actually helping them develop critical skills and also encourages use of the imagination . Check them out.Elephant Discmo
 I also wish that I would have read the reviews before purchasing this toy . I plan to return it immediately . Not only are the character stickers disappointing from a quality standpoint -LRB- some of my stickers were upside down or completely missing -RRB- but they are dangerous from a safety standpoint . I also thought the activity cube would have been a little larger . This toy is the worst $ 50 I have ever spent - I usually do not write reviews , but felt compelled to share my disappointment with fellow unsuspecting buyers .
 I read the reviews , and thought I would be able to just glue the stickers on like some others mentioned , WRONG , many stickers were missing before I even opened the box , many were stuck inside of the Amazon box , the rest gone before it was even shipped to me.I also thought I would just screw the top down since others mentioned it comes off very easily , WRONG , the wood is so thin , there is nothing to screw into without damaging it , younger kids will constantly remove it or fall when holding onto it.Most of the wood is very cheap/thin -LRB- only a few mm thick -RRB- , and one side had a router mark/cut all the way across it.The musical mallet/hammer piece is on a very short rope , it barely reaches anything -LRB- or moves -RRB- , it could be much longer and still be safe.The sliding -LRB- abacus like -RRB- toys can barely move , and can not spin , so they are basically useless.The whole thing is under 2 feet tall if I remember correctly , I believe the cube was around 1 foot tall/wide on all sides , not very big at all.I really wanted to make this toy work , my kids enjoyed it -LRB- for one day -RRB- , but it is cheap and unsafe ; I can not support companies who get rich providing unsafe toys for huge profits to impress shareholders.This item should be removed from Amazon at the very least , and really needs to be recalled ; do not be fooled by the low price and pretty pictures , it 's a cheap USA knock off , nothing but junk , made by the slaves of china to be sold at the USA Super Center , to people who want more disposable crap for less money.Search `` Anatex '' on Amazon or check out `` http://www.anatex.com/about/index.asp '' , they are made in the USA -LRB- like ones at doctors offices -RRB- and will not fall apart.And my comment is nothing against china , I do not blame them for wanting jobs taken from Americans , I blame the companies who replaced quality goods for junk , for bigger profits ; I personally do not like selling out my own country , freedom , and way of living , only to receive pretty junk .
 I recently bought this toy for my 1 year old triplets . They love it . It is a great toy conceptually , but there is a major quality/safety problem . All of those characters that you see in the picture are stickers , instead of painted on . They are stickers like you would find at a dollar store . Not special , extra sticky stickers , just plain , cheap stickers . In a word , cheap . My little boy played with this toy for 10 mins before I found a sticker on the couch . These stickers are just the right size for blocking the windpipe of the child for whom this product claims to be appropriate . I had considered trying to glue the stickers or find a way to make them permanent , but there is no way to do that without making the toy toxic to teethers . I am very disappointed in this product . I should have just bought the parents brand one at Target . It 's not as neat , but at least they could play with it . Now I have a $ 50 toy that my kids ca n't play with . ** Find something else **
 I bought this toy for my 9 month old daughter . Little did I know that all the pieces that move are decorated with Sesame Street stickers and not painted . As a result the second we opened the box , the stickers started falling off . Every time my daughter plays with it , more fall off and then she puts them in her mouth!Also , the top is made to come off for easy storage . Yes , this makes it easy to store , but the top never stays on ! My daughter will sometimes grab the top while she 's off-balance and the whole top comes off and she falls.I was very disappointed with this product .
 The stickers on the toy all have fallen off after a few days . Some stickers had fallen off during shipping . Very dissapointed . Had one before that was a different brand and it held up great but had sharp corners .
 I can not believe this toy is still being sold . It is 100 % unsafe . I 'm contacting the manufacturer today . My 8 month old daughter was able to peel off and ingest one of the stickers within the 30 seconds she was alone . She was gagging & threw up . Since she 's been sick we thought it was her normal puke . But she did n't seem able to to catch her breath . SO I checked her airway and sure enough there was something in there . I was able to get it out - PRAISE GOD ! It was one of the stickers off of this toy . She ca n't even get baby mum-mums in her mouth every time but she got this . Very unsafe . Pleas be careful if you already own this and do not buy it if you do n't !!!!!
 This product we had to take away as my son would play with the top part and it would come away from the base either landing on top of him or knock him over as it is pretty heavy . the top needs securing someway .
 Do NOT buy this item . It may be cute , but it is a choking hazard . The characters are stickers - they are not painted on . When we took the item out of the box , half of the stickers had fallen off . We pealed most of the other ones off so my son does not get them . I was very disappointed as I was looking forward to this item . I found a nicer one at Toys R us - a wooden jungle theme . Great colors and no stickers .
 I bought this to go with my daughter 's Sesame Street room . When I got it , I could tell it was cheaply made . Within seconds my daughter had almost pulled off all the stickers . It was still cute but it looked like something a child could of made . My daughter is almost 2 and has played with it maybe twice . So did n't really keep her attention long either .
 For the price , this toy is alright . I have a 2 year old who loves the wooden activity cubes ; though she loves Seasame street I would purchase a differnt brand . There are 3 major fall backs . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the decals are stickers that come off so easily they just fall off . -LRB- 2 -RRB- the top easily comes off if my 2 year tries to lift it , which became a problem because the top is a heavy piece if it were to fall on her foot . -LRB- 3 -RRB- the Big bird car keeps eaily popping out of place that I worry my child my put it in her mouth . I am very suprised there has not been a recall on this toy .
 I like the fact that this toy lends itself to imaginative play . However , I was a little disappointed to see that the manufacturer used stickers on many of the smaller pieces . Most of mine have subsequently rubbed off or fallen off . Painting the images on the pieces would have made a more durable toy , especially for busy little hands !
 Upon opening the poorly packaged box , I found I had purchased a real piece of junk .1 . The decals are falling off .2 . After cutting the wire ties that hold the upper play set , I found the piece of wood that represents a house broken . It was obviously broken during assembly in China . The screws had split the wood and caused the whole thing to fall off .3 . The design is such that the upper play area will fall into the bottom unit with minimal pressure .4 . I guess this is what we get for buying everything that China produces .5 . I returned the toy , having learned that I should always read the comments prior to purchasing anything from this company in the future .
 This is the first time that I Have written a review on any item . That should tell you how poorly this toy is made and how dis-satisfied that I am with it . This toy fell apart on the 2nd day we had it . It is a cheaply made toy . I would not recommend this to anyone
 My daughter was very interested in this style of lego , and after receiving it for Christmas , she played with it for a few days . It was somewhat difficult to find the little pieces depicted in the instructions and ensure that they are n't used in the incorrect spots , but the end result looked great . After building it -LRB- and a few variations -RRB- , she tired of it and rarely plays with it again .
 This doll has a new , absolutely exquisite face mold , somewhat similar to the Brandy doll , but with a more mature expression . She was made in China , so the skin tone and face paint are absolutely gorgeous . However , when I took her out of the box I noticed with horror that her gown is non-removable . That 's right ! If you want it off , you have to cut it off ! In all fairness , it does state on the outside of the box that this is a collector 's doll , age 14 and over , but not a word about the fact that the gown wo n't come off ! Matell made a serious mistake here by omitting this very important fact . I did take off the gloves and the feather boa and noticed that the vinyl has apparently reacted with the material of the boa and the gloves . There are dull spots on her hands and arms from the gloves , and there are marks that look like scratches on her shoulders from the boa . All in all , despite the beautiful new face , a very disappointing doll . I am sure I am not the only one who purchased a doll that had a `` chemical reaction '' in the box . This would be a good doll to recall . What a shame . But the head alone is not worth the price tag .
 I purchased these sideburns for a themed 2nd wedding ceremony my husband and I had in Vegas this past July . The price was reasonable and it arrived on time but the quality was trash ! The colour was much lighter than advertised , the adhesives were difficult to manipulate -LRB- we ended up having to use scotch tape -RRB- , and the hair was continually falling out . Overall , a poor choice for any costume .
 This would be a great toy and we would have kept it but quite frankly , the things it says is just downright disgusting . Boys learn those things soon enough and to hear this thing belch is just awful . It 's downright embarrassing to hear our son use this thing around company . No one can actually believe that someone would make a toy that says the things this lawnmower says . Ours went back and it 's quite a shame because it really is a cute mower otherwise . We replaced ours with a John Deere toy lawnmower and by far , it 's even better so our little guy loves it more than this Mike the mower . The John Deere has realistic sounds and actually sounds like a real mower . And , it goes through grass like a breeze . A great investment - the only downfall is that you can usually only find them at upper end toy stores or at John Deere dealerships -LRB- where they 're usually about eight dollars cheaper than the toy stores -RRB- . Buy hey , if you have to go to the dealership , then take your son and have a great time looking at all the `` tractor '' based toys ! Made for a great afternoon in our house , plus he got to take this lawnmower home ! Try to imagine mom driving home and a son in the back trying to mow in a carseat . That 's how exiting the John Deere lawnmower is - Mike the mower just ca n't compare and the quality . Wow ! Great deal for the money and tons of fun . I recommend the John Deere hands down .
 I hate this toy , which is a shame because both my 17 month old boy and almost 3 year old girl loves it . The little head on the mower chomps very , very noisily when pushed . To fix the noise issue , simply removing the batteries does nothing . We were gifted this by the grandparents for Christmas , along with the playskool vacuum which we love and is n't terribly loud . While they were playing with the lawn mower , we was unable to hear or communicate easily with the grandparents on our web cam because of the noise level . You can not keep this toy out if you have a napping small child and a playing older child . You can not talk on the phone , have a conversation with someone in the same room , or sleep if someone is playing with this toy . Bad for migraine sufferers . Terrible for pets/kids with fear of loud noises.Great if you keep it outdoors and your neighbors do n't mind .
 I bought this product because I thought I would like that it had electronics . WRONG . First of all , I have recently discovered that EVERYTHING has electronics now a days . What ever happened to just using your imagination to create active play ? This product talks to the child when they use it and I just feel like there is nothing anymore that just leaves my child 's imagination to do the talking . Plus , I left it outside one time in the rain and the electronics are damaged . It is definitely not weather proof . Plus , it is small and not very durable . One part already broke off of it . In addition , my child uses this product as a walker and this is not nearly durable enough to support my child . I prefer the Little Landscaper Mulching Mower by Little Tikes . For starters , it is MUCH more durable ! It is made with that big durable plastic that Little Tikes is known for , and it definitely provides the support that my child needs when pushing this around outside in the yard . Plus , it has your basic educational features , but allows the child to use their own imagionation to develop play . It comes with the popping balls , a clicking throttle and clicking key and an open and close gas cap . My child really enjoys stopping to fill up with pretend gas and is engaged by the popping balls . He uses that product all day long , and Mike the Mower now sits in the garage . Sorry Mike .
 The durability is fine , it moves on grass well and the mowing sound is cute ... BUT the faces can be a little scary for younger or more timid children . The MOST IMPORTANT part ... the phrases this mower has and the fact that it burps ... it is just rude and unecessary ! These are things I want to teach my children not to do . We returned it and purchased the Little Tykes mower for now and we are considering a John Deer .
 In its phrase rotation , it belches twice . Once , it follows it with , `` Oops , that was me . '' That 's not what I want to teach my kids . They 'd like it just the same if it made a soft mowing sound as opposed to these loud obnoxious phrases .
 our 14 month old son received this as a xmas gift and the face and noises terrified him and repelled us with the rude phrases , so we took out the batteries . He still would get scared of it every once in a while . Once snapped together , it does not break down for easy packing . We decided to leave it at the grandparents house and gave them permission to give it away . We just bought him a john deere and it 's working out well . The Little Tikes one also seems like a good choice .
 I bought this for my son & daughter to play with.Neither one even touches it.Just sits there never moves.I really dont know how to rate it , But it must be really boring for them not to even play with it.So do n't bother buying it.I should have gotten the bubble one.ArmyWife
 My mother in law got this for our daughter 's first birthday . Daddy 's name is Mike so she thought this was just the cutest thing because of the name . Well he lived in our closet for a week before being returned ! It scared the poop out of her ! It would start talking for no reason and the eyes would move around . We honestly thought it was possessed.My husband got it out to check it out to see if he could figure out what was wrong with it and get her to play with it . Well she finally would push it around but she kept going back to her Dusty -LRB- the vacuum -RRB- and leaving daddy to play with the mower . They had been playing about three phrases worth when the thing burped ! Then I started to listen to it ! It says some of the grossest and rudest things I have ever heard come out of a toy ! We hated to be rude to grandma but we told her Mike the mower was going back tot he store!We bought the original Mike the Mower for my cousin 's youngest child a few years back . He was much more polite and cute ! So until the old Mike is back there 's only room for one Mike in our family and that is daddy !
 We got this toy for our two year old at christmas . He is terrified of it . When He sees it he starts to scream , `` no , no '' . It does not have an off switch and i have to hide it before we go outside .
 This product is a rip-off . Do n't buy it . It does n't teach you how to play hearts . Just a few elementary tips . Stay away .
 Broke faster than expected ! Not for the ` real ' player . . cheaply made TOY . Note
 As other reviews have mentioned , the product arrived broken . Nothing major , just the bottom bridge was not attached . This is a toy , not an instrument . DO not buy this product if you intend to make music or even noise with it . Heck , with how cheaply it is made , I would say it 's not even a toy , but merely a decoration .
 This thing is a piece of crap !!!!!!!!!!!!! I ca n't believe they sell this for 19.00 . The size is for a 2-4 yr old not the 6 and up which is what the product description says !!! Very cheaply made the wooden piece that held the strings up was not even glued it just sat there . The finish was horrible I would not recommend anyone to buy this for there child .
 Within 5 minutes two stings broke , and more have broken since . Now the strings that remain wo n't stay wound at the top . Other parts are also falling off as well -LRB- e.g. the little white thing at the top that holds the strings in place -- whatever that 's called , I am not a musician clearly -RRB- . After a day it is completely unplayable and useless , except that my 1 year old likes to try to smash it on the ground . I ca n't think of any reason to stop him .
 This guitar broke within minutes of using it . The strings were just popping off , and before they broke they made terrible music .
 bought for gift , but would not stay tuned and strings broke 1st day it arrived . Would not buy this again .
 All but three strings were broke , I feel like I wasted my money.My daughter was very disappointed with the gift and so am I.
 Thought this would be a nice introduction to a few guitar concepts for my six year old . Showed up in pieces and the kicker is that the tuning keys are n't quality enough to hold any tension on the strings . It went straight from the box to the trash .
 Was super excited about the price and the toy for my son -LRB- 4 years -RRB- ! He had it not more than an hour before it broke . It is not durable and if the strings are tighten -LRB- a little too tight -RRB- the neck of the guitar snaps ! Its a cheap toy . . it should be worth five dollars at the most if that ! Save your money and look else where .
 Nearly impossible to tune . I 'm a guitarist and struggled to get it somewhere near in tune . It 's just not worth buying . Even a novice or a small child with any interest in playing will want something that can stay in tune . I believe $ 40 - $ 60 will get you a decent 1/2 size guitar.Do get this if you just want to display it or perhaps for pretend play . It is small and cute .
 My sister bought this guitar for my son this Christmas 2008 . It has been broken for two weeks already . I did n't mind the sound quality because this guitar was meant just for fun , but I ca n't believe that the neck snapped after a few weeks . If your looking for a good sounding guitar , you will need to spend more money . This guitar is just the right size for a two year old , to bad it is n't anywhere durable enough to handle a two year olds normal play .
 We bought this for my 4 year old for Christmas . When I tried to tighten the strings , I broke one of them as well as the extra that comes with the guitar . The remaining 5 strings sort of hang uselessly with no way to fix them . If you try to tighten them , the thing just loosens up again as soon as you let go of it . It 's nearly completely useless , except that a 4 year old does n't recognize the fact that it 's a piece of garbage . I suspect that with a little supervision my child could build a better quality guitar . Junk , junk , junk .
 this is the biggest piece of junk i 've ever purchased on the internet . the strings have two states
 It is not a guitar since it can not be tuned with any accuracy . The frets only approximate what is needed to play chords.This is a pretend guitar - toy only . It should be called TOY guitar . If you want your child to play a guitar do n't get this toy .
 With 4 days before Christmas we were going to tighten the strings and make sure the guitar was ready for our 3 1/2 year old who loves guitars so much . We are disgusted with the quality . The strings do n't tighten so 3 of the 6 are so loose the wooden piece at the bottom keeps falling out . For some reason the nobs dont catch when we twist them . I am very disapointed and upset with this guitar . I would not have wasted my money on it had I known how poorly made it is .
 Woodstock Percussion Kid 's Fantasy GuitarVery disappointed in this product . Although the guitar itself looks like a real guitar , the strings are very loose and flimsy . In fact , in order to make any sound , we had to remove one string . I would not recommend this purchase
 We received this guitar , took it out of the box and tuned it . My husband majored in music in college and is currently a working musician , so he knows what he 's doing . As soon as he tuned it , the neck and back separated from the body ! My son never even got to hold it . He cried so hard while we packed it up to return . It was heartbreaking . We went to the chain toy store and purchased a first act guitar for 6 dollars more . Much better ! Do n't risk the heartbreak !
 I bought this float for my 10 month old . Here are the pros - I like the canopy ! And the price . However , I have more negatives for this product and am needing to buy another one . My baby is 24 lbs , and has chubby legs . Well even that does n't help with the HUGE leg holes . She looks so uncomfortable . She sits to one side , and the part between her legs is so narrow . It 's safe , but it does n't support her so she is comfortable . Plus the floatie around her body does not support her because it is so big around . So all in all , she does n't look comfortable . Always wants out !
 I received my parcel today and it 's not what I ordered at all . This is n't the same product and I 'm not happy about it . Do n't buy from this company as you may not get what you ordered . The item I received has a purple flower that will barely protect our daughter from the sun .
 My main issue with the flower baby float is that I thought I was buying the starfish baby float . The starfish float is erroneously pictured under the flower baby float caption . I did n't realize the discrepancy until I received my order , and it was too late to return the float since we were leaving for our vacation in 2 days . Reading the other reviews , I 'm not sure if people were reviewing the starfish float or the flower float . Regardless , the `` flower '' part does not provide any shade and even in a light breeze flies backward , which was a nuisance and overall made the float a hazard . We ended up deflating that part of the float the first day , and then my husband cut the flower off entirely . My 6 month old could barely see above the sides of the float and was uncomfortable in it . We ended up not using it much and did n't bother packing it for the trip home . I would like to try the starfish float - that looked sturdier and the canopy looked like it might actually provide some shade .
 This toy is so fragile it broke just opening the package . Do n't buy this unless you want to leave it in the package and never take it out .
 WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED ON CHRISTMAS MORNING BECAUSE YOUR STORE DID N'T DELIVER AND DID N'T EVEN BOTHER TO TELL US IT COULD N'T UNTIL THE 27TH . MY DAD BETTER GET HIS MONEY BACK OR HE 'S GOING TO BE PISSED . I ALREADY AM
 I received this item as a christmas gift for my son when her was six months old , but did n't open it until My son absolutely loves this product . It 's very interactive and the music that plays while he walking makes him want to walk with it more often.I have one big issue with this item which is why it lost three stars . The issue I have is that the hole where a child can put the balls in is big enough to where my twelve month old could reach his hand and arm into it . I was in the next room working on dinner when I heard this blood curdling scream from my son . I went in to find out why and found he had his arm up to his elbow stuck in the ball hole . It took me a bit to angle his arm out . His arm was red for about an hour or so and it also left a small bruise .
 This walker I was hoping would work for my 9 1/2 month old who wants to climb and pull himself up on everything . I was hoping this would do it , not so much . When I picked it up from the UPS guy the package was large but I could easily pick this up with one hand while carrying my son . I guess this should have tipped me off to how light it would be . It snapped together easy without tools which is a plus and has brakes for the back wheels but all the wheels are plastic and because the thing is so light it slides everywhere even on carpet . He likes playing with the front and the lights/music he enjoys a lot but wants to climb up the front too but due to it 's lightness it would just tip over on him if I was n't there to prevent the thing tipping over . He can not even pull himself up from the back because again too light , tips . He might be able to use it when he is older -LRB- when he is better at walking but that 's kind of the point of why I wanted it -RRB- but not sure . I would return it but do n't know if I can take it apart again and he has used the front part which he enjoys but I can not leave him alone with it or in the same room with him as he is moving fast now -LRB- crawling -RRB- . So not what I had hoped and would really like to know a walker that does n't tip and has rubber or rubberized wheels that does n't move too fast for him .
 In my experience , children that are in the early stages of walking need something a little sturdier to hold onto . This does n't offer enough traction -LRB- even with the `` brakes '' on -RRB- to make it a safe toy for getting comfortable on their feet .
 Not a bad walker but as a previous person mentioned , it tips forward very easily and the brakes do n't do anything to stop the child . The activities in front are good , and my son likes playing with it that way but I do n't really trust it as a walker .
 I bought this for my grandson who is learning to walk and have to put it away because it is very dangerous . Every time he tries to stand up with it , it tips over and he falls . Luckily he has had someone there to catch him . This should not be called a walker and I am very disappointed in Chicco for putting out a product like this . I am now in the process of looking for another walker that will not tip over . This is one of the pitfalls of ordering online without being able to try it !
 My son barely used this toy . Since we live in a small condo and this toy does not maneuver easily.Hard to turn around corners and hard to push on carpet.I got him a little shopping cart -LRB- which was half the price -RRB- . It was light and he ran all around the house with it.http : / / www.amazon.com/CASDON-611-Toy-Shopping-Cart/dp/B000V5DHT0/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid;=1303583995&sr;=8-4And a mickey mouse ride on train which he mostly pushed around.http : / / www.amazon.com/Mickey-Mouse-34918-Plane-Ride-2dOn/dp/B000EX0DRSHe loved these other toys so much longer and used them more often .
 This product is basically an expensive toy - not a walker - if you do n't have carpet . We have a rug in one room of our house -LRB- the nursery -RRB- and that is the only place where it 's not completely out of control with its movements . On hardwood or tile , it looks like it 's on ice . It goes from side to side and looks like a drunk driver swerving all over the place . Also , the brakes -LRB- ha -RRB- are USELESS . They stop the back wheels , but the front wheels still roll , so my baby was still able to fully push it at the same speed as before , only this time , a pebble under one of the tires scratched our floors because the back tires were stationary . For how much this cost , it should come with rubber tires . Also , when my daughter went to sit down after trying to walk with it - while still holding onto the bar - it tipped and the bar hit her in the bridge of her nose . She was able to walk fast and semi-well if I was holding on to the walker to steady it , but why get a walker if I am going to just keep bending down to help ? I might as well keep helping her walk myself !
 Gave as a Christmas Gift , and went to play it on Christmas Day , only could play with 3 people and then we could not give the correct amount of pieces for each person to start with . Then ran out of pieces only 1/3 into the game . Unless you are going to buy 3 boxes to play the game , then it was a great disappointment.PatColorado Dec 2012
 I was not happy with this float . the seat broke after 1-2 people used it
 I bought 12 of these for our pool . In a month , all 12 were broken in the same place . They break where the seat attaches to the float . Very comfortable while they lasted . Intec should just build them better .
 We ordered two for a beach vacation over Thanksgiving . One was fine and comfortably fit me and my seven-year-old down the lazy river . The other had a leak and was useless to us within hours . And it was not a leak I could patch . It was across the entire length of the seam . Unfortunately , a no go .
 I bought 5 of these Sit N Float Lounges for a float trip . With in an hour all most all broke and we had to swim most of the way it was a 5 HOUR FLOAT .
 got the float quickly , but today as we were blowing it up , it was leaking at the seam ... so it would not hold air . it came with a patch , but the leak was too big for the patch , and we should n't have to patch a brand new float , that has never been used . if amazon wants to send another float to try we would be glad to try it , hoping this one was just defective . purchased another from a different seller , and it also burst at the seam . poorly made in yellow .
 like everyone is saying it is crap but if you take care of it and do n't let the kids on it , it will last you longer ... it is nice to sit and float and still stay cool in the water ... overall worth the money but after awhile the seat ripped off ... -LRB- my kids jumping on it did n't help -RRB- ... i may have to spend a few dollars more to get one where the seat will not rip off !
 Great price . Looked fun for the pool , but the seat tore from the upper ring the very 1st time we used it .
 I loved the chair , unfortunately the seat part rips off after about two weeks . I bought two of these , and they both ripped at the same time within two weeks ! Very disappointed .
 this item ws used less than 10 minutes when seating piece ripped away ... my daughter who is 14 years old and 95 pounds was sitting on it ... so , ill say it was poorly made ...
 Ditto to what everyone has said about the seat . I bought 3 and all three have had the seats break off . Yes , they are cheap , but they are made cheap as well . Save your money !
 I purchased the Sit N Float Lounge to go with the pool I bought for my husband 's birthday . We blew it up , put it in the pool , and as soon as my husband went to sit in it , the seat completely detached from the arm rest ! He does not exceed the weight limit -LRB- he weighs under 200lbs , and the limit is 250 -RRB- , and was not being rough with it . I would not recommend that anyone buy this . If we had been able to use it at least ONCE , I might have a different opinion . Spend your money elsewhere !
 This is the hands down most comfortable float out there . More comfortable than my $ 90 pool lounger ... We loved them somuch after we bought 1 , we went out and hunted down 3 more . In less than one month ALL 4 floats broke . Like everyone else , the seats on our floats broke away . These were only used by adults and were not treated roughly . Id pay triple the price for this item if it would not break .
 I have bought 3 of them and all had the same problem ; the seat always breaks ! I do n't know what to tell you , expect to try and not inflate the lower part , the seat , too much as that seams to be the only way to avoid the seat erupting underneath you while your still in the water .
 i purchased two of these last summer and they both tore at the seams after little use . The seats tore away from the arms .
 I love this floaty - its comfortable , relaxing and easy to blow up.I hate this floaty - it has some sharp seams , and the seat tore on the 2nd weekend of using it by adults .
 We got two of these from a friend to use in our pool . They were great , but after only using them 10-15 days they both ripped . the area between the seating area and the arm rest is weak and easily torn . Too bad .
 Pro
 The idea of this Float was great but it only lasted one day . The part that you sit on puts apart . I liked the float and went back to target and purchased another one and to my disappointment It busted again in the same spot . They are made to look like it would be for a big person and we are not big people and still busted them . Beware !
 The seat part of my float broke off from the rest of it within an hour of having it in the water .
 Save your money , it only last 2 days and thats with a kid sitting on it . The part of the float that you sit on falls off .
 This chair looked wonderful for our pool too bad it does not hold up . It inflates nicely and the back is very comfy but the seat is not attached to the sides well at all !!! Would be a great item if the seat was attached better . It did not even hold a 100 lb child who used it maybe 3 times . The sides ripped and the chair became useless . I say skip this item !! It is definately not for adults no less kids !
 INTEX SIT AND FLOAT purchased 4 of them for my trip to aruba for the lazy river . . one broke the second day . bought home the next two broke , down to one . the problem is the piece you place your legs on it breaks . tube is unless afer that . WE ARE ALL NORMAL weight . . if your heavier i dont suggest this tub .
 I am disappointed in this product . My 12 year old granddaughter climbed into it while it was in the water and the leg support portion of the floatie completely separated from the body of the float . This was its first use .
 Ordered 2 of these floats , 1st one inflated , was fine . 2nd one inflated , immediately deflated . Multiple holes , but we did n't open it during the `` return window '' so unable to return . Ca n't wait to see how long the first one lasts ! My advice - open these right away and check for holes .
 I ordered three of these units despite the previous reviews . I was hoping I would get lucky but I did not . The seats of two of the units became unattached during the first use . The third unit still works fine and is a really good float . I hate to give such a bad review but I have no choice .
 The seat rips from the edge of the float . Do not buy this product . 1 lasted less than 3 minutes & the other lasted less than 3 hours .
 I bought this float because it was the perfect style . It lasted 2 weeks . The seat ripped . It started as a small hole in the seam and then traveled to become a large tear . The seat actually ripped off of the float .
 Loved this float but only got to use it once before the seat tore out of it . I read the reviews re
 I was so excited to use this float when I received it ... but , two days later the seat tore and it 's no longer usable . :-LRB- There was n't any rough-housing involved in it . In fact , I 'm the only one who used it - just normal wear and tear by a 150 pound woman . I used it for probably a total of three hours -LRB- if that -RRB- , so I 'm very disappointed that it 's torn up already . If it would 've held up I 'd definitely have given it a better rating because I did enjoy it for those few short hours ,
 I purchased this product for my new pool . It lasted 20 MINUTES . My 14 year old son sat in it and it broke . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The float was delivered very timely , but after receiving it we used it once and the float broke . The seat came undone from the back/arm rest part . Very poor quality .
 IT 's just a damned shame these are so poorly designed , becuase everyone who sat in one -LRB- however briefly before they broke -RRB- loved them.The seat just is not enginneered properly to hold up and most all of ours -LRB- we bought four -RRB- broke within a week . My wife used her and it broke -LRB- she weighs 112 pounds -RRB- . . I didnt even try to put my lard butt in one for fear of overstressing it.It doesnt seem to matter . they will tear quickly . LOw priced , but not even worth that price . what a shame !!!!! I do not recommend any one buy one of these . . even if the price is $ 2.00 ... it 's a waste of money .
 they were a lot of fun while they lasted , but that was n't very long . one of them the seat ripped off and the other one blew up while my granddaughter was on it . it just split down the side . definitely would not waste the money on them again .
 It was so comfortable but it broke the 1st day . The vinyl connection to the leg rest is obviously flimsy
 I only weigh 150 the very first time I sat on these they broke within 5 minutesWe had ordered two of them they both had the same flawSave your money and buy the River Run edition instead !
 I have purchased three of these lounge chairs and two are broken after only a couple of uses . The seat ripped away from the chair along one side . In fact , they became `` adult only '' lounge chairs to avoid kid abuse , but even then one broke . They are perfect for relaxing , but they do not last !
 For the 5 minutes the Intex Sit N Float Lounge was used - it was great . It was perfect for floating in the pool with a beverage of choice in one of the holders and reading a Kindle or book . It kept your head out of water but the lower part wet to keep cool in 103 degree heat.After floating into the side of the pool and pushing off gently with a foot , the right side of the seat tore away from the inflated side/back piece rendering the Lounge useless and the user very wet . The very small repair kit that is included with the item would n't begin to handle the repair job that was required so it was returned for a refund.I think the fault is in the actual design of the float - the seat part is basically heat glued/attached to the smooth side of the back and arm piece and not sewn or heat seal-incorporated into any kind of seam that would make it stronger and more durable.We 're really disappointed that it failed because it had such promise .
 These pool chairs were nice at first but did n't last but about a month . I think had we kept them better inflated , they might not have popped in the end .
 I purchased this product in a local store , not on Amazon . It is not at all as easy to use nor is it as boyant as one would think . The material is fairly durable , but then it was only used twice and then tossed in the garbage so for all I know it could rip after a couple of uses . I found it to be useless . It was a waist of my money .
 okay , it 's cheap . and so i got what it 's worth . it lasted only few hours . but we sure did have fun till the seat connecting to the arm gave way .
 I should have listened to the other reviewers . This float is great while it lasts . I bought 2 of them , and the one that I have n't used is still fine , but I sat on one for 2 hours in the pool and the seat is completely torn off of one side . I 'm going to try to repair it , as it 's just the connecting seam , and yeah , they are only $ 11 , but still ... 2 hours ! It 's too bad , as they are perfect for sitting and relaxing - hopefully I can fix it with some Gorilla Glue or something and get a few more uses out of it , but I would n't buy again .
 We have bought 3 of these floats and loved them . However the seat rips away very fast which makes them useless . The first two we bought lasted about 2 to 3 weeks that last one only a week . We are not `` rough-housing '' on them as we are adults and only wanted them to lounge and float in the pool . They are easy to get into and out of and are very comfortable.Only reason we bought 3 is that they were much cheaper then most floating chairs .
 After reading the reviews , I took the advice of others and put duct tape on the seams where the seat and the body of the chair meet . It did n't help . One of the seams ripped the first day we used it anyway . And the seat did n't hold air . I 'm not too disappointed because I did n't think the float was all that comfortable anyway . Glad it did n't cost more than it did .
 Really comfortable -- I have had three -- one lasted a whole season , but the most recent two tore after three months . -LRB- And this was with normal use . -RRB- Not well made ...
 The seat tore loose after just a couple of weeks.Not weight related . Colors vary and they sent me a pink one . I would have preferred blue or any other color.Comfortable but not durable .
 I would love to say I liked it , but the company said they sent it , I never received it , so I ca n't say I liked it . Their word against ours and they will not do anything about it . Have had numerous communications with them and I am hitting a dead road , so I ca n't honestly say this purchase was a happy one .
 This kit was originally manufactuired in the 1960s , with the molds & decals revised over the years ... but not to good effect . Lining up the engines -LRB- and keeping them from sagging over time -RRB- was always a challenge ... the lettering on the decal sheet is too small & the wrong font ... . lots of nasty gaps , as well as that WAY overdone grid on top of the saucer that was not on the original model ... all in all , a poor kit . Get the Polar Lights 1/1000 scale classic Enterprise kit instead . That one has accurate proporations , parts to build the kit as any 1 of the 3 revisions that the model went through between the 1st pilot , 2nd pilot & series production versions , plus decals for all 3 versions & `` Mirror Universe '' ISS Enterprise markings . -LRB- Spock with goatee not included . -RRB- : -RRB-
 Trivia
 I waited a month to get this and never did thank you for refunding my money in a fast pro way aw gilchrist
 I have always been a big fan of Colorforms , having loved them as a child . My youngest daughter received this as a gift and I had to spend 45 minutes getting the pieces apart . The characters are not punched out of the plastic , the perforations do not go all the way through . Each individual piece had to ultimately be cut apart with a scissors , that was after many tears on the part of my daughter because she could n't make it work and some of the characters got ripped . All in all very frustrating for a child and VERY CHEAP on the part of the manufacturer .
 My 2 yr . old granddaughter liked it the first time she played with it but she has n't touched it since . I think she might be a little too young for it .
 I was disappointed in this product , because I bought it for the the shape sorting aspect , and the sorting side of it is pathetic -- you ca n't twist and lock the round yellow shape sorter , you just pull it out , so any smart kid is going to do just that , and lose any shape sorting play they might have had if the top stayed on . The other side of this toy is an annoying and very loud `` drum '' -LRB- which does n't really work as a drum either ; take a look at the red barbell-type thing
 I was thrilled to receive this in the mail for my seven month old . She was on her belly and excitedly reached for it the minute I set it in front of her . She pulled the drum toward her and it slammed into her head . She burst out crying . This toy is much too heavy to be a child 's toy . The plastic is thick , hard and HEAVY . This toy is meant to be turned on its side so it can roll but I ca n't let her play with this again because she will naturally want to pull the toy toward her , only to get hurt again . Chicco , being a good toy company , should have had the foresight to pad the surrounding rim . Not recommended .
 I was shocked to see all the positive reviews on this and other Color Wonder products and had to offer an alternative viewpoint . My daughter -LRB- now 4 -RRB- has gotten Color Wonder stuff as a gift from grandparents for the past two years , and really dislikes it . As do I . It does n't color well , often does n't show up , and is just really frustrating to use . You 're also stuck using the markers on the specific Crayola sheets - so much for creativity . She just opened it this year , wanted to like it , tried it , and it 's already in the trash . Do yourself a favor and go with regular -LRB- washable , if you 're worried about mess -RRB- markers - they work better and allow for far more creativity .
 I like Color Wonder products for travel in the car , and was excited when my daughter received this as a gift for her birthday . But as soon as we opened the paper package , glitter went everywhere . Whenever my daughter colors on the paper , more glitter is loosened and is sent everywhere . It creates a HUGE glitter mess all over the place -- table , clothes , floor ... this is a pet peeve for me , since it is so hard to clean up glitter . I was really disappointed at the mess this no-mess product created since I have liked other Color Wonder products .
 I bought this for my 6 month old daughter who loves light up toys . We were really disappointed with this toy . All the little activities are great , but she ca n't reach them ! If you place this toy over here and position her feet against the kick pads , the toys dangle above her waist . She desperately tries to reach for the toys but they are nowhere within reach . What we do is turn the toy around and place it so the kick pads are behind her head . Then she can play with the dangling toys and spin wheel .
 Like many overhead gym type toys , this one turns out to be for short or legless babies . When my daughter kicks the kickplates , she kicks the toy right away from her -LRB- and this is on carpet -RRB- , and when we brace the toy against something , she kicks herself right out from under the toy . We have found the same to be true for a number of similarly designed toys . Now that we have looked at the box more closely , the baby in the picture has his/her legs bent really hard in order for the baby to fit under the toy . Our daughter is 3 1/2 months old and is already too big for this . On a positive note , this is a very well made toy in all other respects . Looks durable , as are all Chicco toys , and the music and lights are pleasant . Another negative
 Totally not worth the price we paid for it . The kick panel is only interesting if the baby can use it ! Unfortunately , our 3 month olds legs flop over it and when she does manage to kick , the toys above her head fly down to belly level meaning she ca n't see the lights OR touch the toys anymore . BOO . Not a good product .
 I bought this toy for my 1 and 1/2 month baby boy - expecting it to be similar to playskools kick gym -LRB- not available now -RRB- - which my daughter used to play a lot -LRB- when she was 1 month old -RRB- . In playskool toy the height and width was good - and the kicking spacewas huge - besides it used to play song and move the hanging handles on kick -LRB- ie encouragedkicking -RRB- . In this one - first of all the height and width is too small for even my 1 month baby -LRB- 9 pounds -RRB- . Its hard to kick it -LRB- as small foot space -RRB- - and it only makes small squeaking noise -LRB- no lights or moving of top hanging handles -RRB- on kick.The only good thing is the top hanging parts on moving - makes some lights and song . So maybe it willbe good toy for baby to use with hand - rather then kick toy .
 I absolutely HATE THIS TOY!I bought it for my 8 month old boy , so he could play with it when he stayed at his cradle.Unfortunately , this toy is very badly engineered ! The first time my boy played with it , we pulled the white top part with his hands , it fell back and crushed against his little face.I was absolutely terrified when I saw the skin around his left eye growing purple to the size of a berry , while the poor baby cried his lungs out.Thank God , nothing happened to his eyeball , but he 's now with a big swollen purple area all around it.I am returning this toy TODAY , and I strongly advise careful parents NOT TO BUY this for their babies .
 My 3 month old son is already way too big for this product . I agree with the previous reviewers , there was no thought put into the design . None of the functions work when the baby is on his back because the design does n't have the hanging toys anywhere near his hands . The part that he 's supposed to kick does n't activate the sounds and lights or make an interesting noise.Not recommended .
 I was looking for a toy for my 3 month old Grandson who loves to kick . I remember having a toy like this for my youngest child ; he loved kicking the bar and making things move . The huge difference is when my Grandson kicks the blue feet , it just makes a sound . No lights or actions occur unless you reach up and touch the items on the top -LRB- white section -RRB- . By the time my grandson will be big enough to reach what is on top -LRB- the yellow butterfly , red flower , and the clear round ball -RRB- he wo n't be lying down on his back kicking . Disappointing ...
 Much smaller than the other pads we have in the same size . Slips and rolls a lot on the leg and does n't come clean when washed ... ca n't get the smell out ! YUCK !
 THIS IS NOT THE 810 KNEE PAD ! The Mikasa 810 knee pad was discontinued years ago !! The picture is wrong . Google it.This is the 832sr knee pad / but Amazon does n't care about falsely representing products . They will not fix the product , and do n't allow sellers to fix listing either . Do n't get me wrong , the 832 is the best and newest pad on the market .
 I was n't sure what to expect for a `` senior item , '' but the only thing I see different is that they are for a person with extra large knees . I 'm a woman , 5 ' 11 '' and these knee pads are a tad too large for my knees . I live overseas so did n't have much choice . I needed them right away so had them made smaller by a seamstress . They are fine now ... but , only get them if your knees are a bit larger than `` normal . ''
 There is nothing wrong with the quality but unless you 've worn these before I would beware . They offer minimal protection , very thin and lightweight . If that 's what you are looking for you would like them . If you want a bit more padding then you will be disappointed . The one size fits all is also a problem , it does n't . Larger men or men with large quads will find these too tight . thing is , volleyball players tend to have bigger thighs .
 I imagine that this stroller would really be nice if I ever received it in the first place . I have notified you of this and received a single email about contacting some other vendor , who has n't bothered to contact me . I consider Amazon responsible , that is who I purchased the item through , but as of this date no additional assistance .
 Got this because I saw it for sale on HSN . It looked easy to control and seemed to have good range on tv , so I ordered it . Well , they must have been using a different car than the car we received . This car is very cute , and the kids instantly wanted to play with it , it seems fairly durable , but you have to stand basically within 3-5 feet of it to make it go , so the kids have to follow it around to make it drive , lame . the batteries die very quickly . And the general controls are n't that great . I got this as a Christmas gift for my son and was pretty disappointed . Over all , they do n't play with it much because it 's hard to control and they have to follow it all around , which sort of defeats the purpose of a remote control car . Would not recommend .
 My son loved this toy when he got it less than a year ago . I agree the battery life is terrible . Even worse , it stopped working completely in less than a year . : -LRB-
 Cursor is hard to find , movement keys are liable to send the cursor anywhere but where you pressed and then it hides behind the markers showing permanent numbers . Has a marker function for possible numbers but you ca n't delete them the way the manual says . All in all , very frustrating to play . Boxed up & returned .
 We used these for a felt sewing project for kids . They did not work . The tips bent or broke easily which frustrated the kids . Only a few survived the craft .
 I am so disappointed in this product . I would not recommend it to anyone ... I got it for my two year old and it did n't even work out of the box ... it is almost like the gears are jammed it sounds like it is going a million miles an hour and the thing is barely moving ... He got another car similar different brand and it drives circles around this piece of junk !
 First one arrived and despite all best efforts , simply would not work . Replacement arrived , and it too would not work .
 We had trouble putting this stool together , but did finally get it to the point where it was sturdy enough for use . But then less than 6 months later , our son stepped down on the bottom step a bit too hard and it totally broke through . The particle board was not sturdy enough and the screws just broke through the top . Yikes !
 This product looked great when I received it , and my kids loved it . However , I use it in the bathroom so they can wash their hands , and much of the paint , especially around the raised portions has peeled off . Very upset , now shopping for a new stool with better quality .
 We loved the way it looks but unfortunately the construction is lacking . First the top step cracked at the hinge , then bottom step broke when an adult stepped on it . It 's not wood . It would n't be hard to make a step handle a hundred pounds but this one wo n't and does n't .
 I purchased the toy box from this company and I love it . The quality of the materials is great and the design is beautiful . I planned on buying this storage step up as well . However , I think that over $ 90 is astronomically over priced .
 I bought this Storage Step-up for my grandson along with the matching table and chairs . The step-stool broke almost immediately on the top where it hinges open to store things inside and we are still trying to find a way to fix it . One of the woods that holds the hinge broke completely so it made it completely useless , a child can not step on it anymore . It is an expensive item and we were expecting a better quality and long life . It was a complete disappointment . We were expecting better quality , we bought a very inexpensive plastic step-stool that is still as good as new .
 this item is extremely way over priced for its function.Look at others that amazon will sell.This would not be good for a young child
 Owned a prior bounce house from ToysRUS . Quality was much better . Bigger bouncing surface area . Better quality blower . Easier folding and storage.This product only permitts for two kids at a time and given the bouncing surface area that 's about right . What a drag for when more than one kid shows up for a play session . Also , this product only allows for weight up to 100 lbs max . per individual . Our other model allowed up to 200 lbs . which at least allowed an adult to be in the bounce house with the kids if we wanted . Overall , shop around , you can do better .
 This was a disappointing transaction . It did not turn out to be what it was represented to be . I was not happy with the seller 's response , but it was n't worth a fight .
 Though this chair looked so cute , it was for a very big -LRB- over 6 -RRB- kid and not for a little princess . The wood cracked when I tried to assemble it , and the return took over a month to receive credit . They finally did credit my account .
 The baby itself is really sweet looking ... my daughter loves it ... BUT ... it has a STRONG smell of roses that does not go away . So , people who are sensitive to smells or have allergies may want to think twice . As much as she likes this baby ... it may need to go back as my eyes are watering .
 The baby does have a soft lavender scent that lasted about one month . Just a regular baby in a carrier that is a little difficult for a small hand to carry since the cloth cover seems to overcome the grip area . Kids played with it for the day and have not touched in over 3 weeks . Another waste of money . I spent about $ 400 on 2 girls this past Christmas and probably next year will spend maybe half that since half the money I spent just sits on the floor or on a shelf . I think these days with so much marketing to a young audience , parents feel they must buy everything the child asks for ... I think I 'll stick to maybe 3-4 gifts at Christmas now ... too much wasted money that could go into a college fund !!
 Creates air leaks . I rated it 5 stars for educational value , because it taught me that sticking something in the middle of fuel line is a stupid idea.I also rated it 5 stars for durability , because when I yanked it off and threw it into the street , it was still just as crappy as it was before.Don ' t waste your $ 10 . If you 're going to do so , send me $ 10 so I can tell you how much it sucks . I do n't even charge shipping !
 We could not appreciate the model because the internal packing inside the display box did not hold the truck and keep it safely in place . Many of the small interesting details were broken in shipping . So my Christmas present and surprise will not be there for my husband . The model itself appears to be very nice if it were in one piece . Amazon 's packing did not stabilize the display box in the shipping box either . Very , very disappointing .
 My son -LRB- 9 -RRB- saw this in a store and LOVED it . I purchased one as a stocking stuffer , and thank goodness I decided to try it out because it does n't spark at all ! Ok , it gave off a few sad little sparks , but nothing like what we first saw . Definitely try it out before giving as a gift . I 'm returning this and trying again because he really liked it ... but I 'm definitely keeping the receipt on hand .
 I do n't really understand spending good money for a sort - f-interesting thing that you play with once . Stocking stuffer desperation , I guess . Still , kind of nifty .
 The advertisement is misleading as one is made to belief that you will receive 3 different toys instead you receive 3 of the same kind . Very disappointing .
 Bought these after my son played with them so well during OT sessions for Sensory Processing . When playing with the ones his OT brought for the session - he loved the feel of the blocks and how he was able to make his action figures and animals and pretend play - so I was SO excited to order these , and after reading reviews was confident I was getting a good product - what a disappointment . They do not stick together , they do not feel very `` bristley '' , the plastic bends . . they are terrible . And to top it off , call -LRB- s -RRB- to the company asking how I can return them was never returned to me . Terrible
 I was exited to give this to my son for his birthday yesterday . When he opened it he started playing with them and had fun . But when I tried to help him make a car the wheels do n't stay on the axel part . It 's still an ok toy but making cars and trucks with them is fun . If someone know how to fix this problem please let me know ...
 Do n't waste your $ $ on this one , I bought 2 and they frayed the 1st week of school . Both bags . All around the zipper . I have pictures . Just not happy at all with these . The also can not be wiped out if something get spilled in it , and what child does not spill something in their lunch bag ?
 I bought this becasue it was cheaper than the German version Tap Tap Nagelspiel and regretted it once I got the package . While you get a lot more , the pieces and the hammers are plastic - I was expecting wood . One of the hammers broke the first day . My children still enjoy it , but the wooden version is much nicer and I do not expect this one to hold up as long . I ended up just throwing the hammers out and using the one from my previous Tap Tap set .
 My son never really cared for this toy . The toy was very overpriced . It was a total waste of money .
 We were excited about the cube saying many different things in both English and Spanish . It says about a dozen things and restarts whenever a new button is pushed . That means it gets annoying very quickly . Fortunately , I suppose , it 's so boring that my daughter wo n't play with it much.Here 's what it says : Apple side : apple button
 This product is ok , but my almost 3yr . old son has not used it very much . It 's ok to play in I guess but the fabric is hot and holds in a lot of body heat . Perhaps if the mesh windows were bigger to allow more ventilation and if the floor of the tent could be a cotton fabric it might be more comfortable to be in .
 Hasbro has really crossed the line this time . This is the worst stadium ever . THere is noo slope so attack types always go into pockets , and the bump in the middle screws up defense and endurence types too . I was able to break this stadium with the worst beyblade ever Wing Attacker , not to mention it broke after the second time I used it . This stadium is horrible . If your ' e a serious beyblader STAY AWAY !!!
 I dont have this stadium but it makes me mad that they dont show a picture of it . I mean its a new item how do they expect us to order it if we dont even know what it looks like . and another thing this isnt the only thing they dont show pictures of half the beyblade things here . I hope the website sees this review so they mite do something about it !
 The artwork and sculpture of this Ultimate Smoke Grey/Black Hulk -LRB- the color of the one I purchased -RRB- is excellent but the aposableness SUCKS doo-doo chips ! the hips are somewhat hinged as if the Grey Hulks favorite move is a friggin SPLIT ! What the ... ?? It can barely stand-up on its own ... I was let down with this one for functional posing . I give a passing grade -LRB- C + -RRB- due to the artwork though !
 Do n't waste your money on this one . It did n't hold the interest of my six year old for more than 5 minutes . The graphics are terrible , and there 's just not much to it as far as entertainment goes . I 'll be returning this game .
 I ordered this figure because it was the smiling version , it says smiling and there is a picture of the smiling figureThe figured I received was grumpy and angry looking , when I questioned I was informed that they were random expressions , well not acording to the listingtoy is fine , just felt deceived
 I am happy for the parents whose children `` drift '' off to sleep with this toy in their crib . My biggest complaint is the lack of volume control , which I ca n't understand why anything that has to do with bedtime would lack . Also , Pooh 's intermittent `` I 'm so sleepy '' is disruptive at the fixed volume . I love the lights , I love the music , I love the nature sounds , but without volume control , they 're all pointless . Maybe two rooms away it 's a lullaby soother .
 Was sent the wrong game sent it back to recieve right one then recieved wrong one again , sent that one back then never got credited until I called , then they credited . Very dissapointed
 This toy broke about and hour after I got it . The teefh broke on the handle . It would probably work longer if you were careful , but in a nerf war it 's hard to take your time .
 The toy is very loud and since I bought it for my dog , I noticed that you ca n't re-shoot the balls after they get wet -LRB- my dogs slobber -RRB- , they get stuck so you have to dry them off afterwards . Other than those two things , what nerf toy is a great toy .
 I 'm a college student , and I saw this nerf gun during a trip to Target . I thought it would be a great toy to shoot my suitemates with . I was really excited until I tested it out . First the gun is EXTREMELY LOUD . You have to pump the lever several times in order to launch the balls . This makes sneak attacks impossible . Also , the plastic gear comes into direct contact with the balls , so they will wear out . I would not recommend this for kids . It requires a lot of strength to pump the gun and it 's REALLY LOUD !
 I just bought this toy . I have 6 yr old and 8 yr old boys . This toy is loud , but not as loud as some of the reviews would leave you to believe . Still , better as an outside toy . The toy fires by putting -LRB- no more than -RRB- three balls in the chute and cranking up the drive wheel . When you get the wheel up to a decent RPM you can pull the trigger and the ball shoots out -LRB- in a semi-automatic way you can rapid fire up all three balls -RRB- . The problem is that the wheel looses RPM very quickly and by the time you get to the second -LRB- and third -RRB- ball it barely goes 10 feet . If the RPM drops too low the ball will become jammed in the barrel , causing a problem that only an adult will be able to fix with the help of something long enough to poke down the barrel to pop the ball out.Overall `` fun value '' is low due to the noise and the quick loss of RPM . My boys got bored with it quickly . Regular neff dart guns are much much better .
 The gun can only hold 3 nerf balls at once which leaves you on the loosing side of combat when you 're having to reload all the time.It does hold up to it 's name . It 's about as loud as a buzzsaw . Sometimes too loud.I 've had better luck with the smaller , less expensive dart style guns .
 I bought two of these , one for each of my boys . They both broke almost immediately . The balls got jammed , and one of them split in two . I was so disappointed with the quality of this toy that I swore off guns like this for some time . Since then , we 've gotten a few other nerf type blasters and they 've been of decent quality , but I would n't bother buying this one - at least not online if you do - because you 'll be returning it in short order .
 this is probably the worst nerf blaster ever created , it is obnoxiously loud , it has a tiny range and it is expensive for how terrible it is , if you have an extra 22 dollars on hand buy a better gun like the big bad bow or the dual mavericks but AVOID THIS ONE .
 While much of what this Mr. Garrett writes can be helpful to someone new to the hobby of metal detecting -LRB- such as learning how to pinpoint targets , and how to dig for coins -RRB- , this book must be read with these things in mind :1 -RRB- It is heavily biased since it is written by Charles Garrett of Garrett metal detectors . He neglects to mention or picture other metal detecor brands .2 -RRB- Mr. Garrett 's discussion on detector technology is largely obsolete .3 -RRB- Many of the claims presented in the book are highly sensationalized and idealistic . Sure , the stories about people finding gold coins and hoards of buried coins are entertaining to read , but even my local coin dealer who sells coin detectors says he has never heard of anyone finding such items .4 -RRB- This book does not give a well-rounded view of the metal detecting hobby . Mr. Garrett only emphasizes the good and the sensational , making it sound like anyone can make a lot of money metal detecting coins . This is just not the case unless you make metal detecting your part-time job . To find the good coins , you will have to spend a great deal of time researching -LRB- which Mr. Garrett mentions -RRB- and even then , you will have to dig a lot of trash . You can spend three hours in a field and all you find is a button and a few current coins . Garret 's book gives you the impression that gold coins are buried right in your backyard . This is simply not true . Avoid this book , as it is nothing more than an elaborate Garrett sales brochure .
 This book is n't really helpful as there is n't much to find out there anymore . You might find a wheat penny here or there but you 're better off not starting this hobby at all . It 's a big waste of time and money .
 While much of what this Mr. Garrett writes can be helpful to someone new to the hobby of metal detecting -LRB- such as learning how to pinpoint targets , and how to dig for coins -RRB- , this book must be read with these things in mind :1 -RRB- It is heavily biased since it is written by Charles Garrett of Garrett metal detectors . He neglects to mention or picture other metal detecor brands .2 -RRB- Mr. Garrett 's discussion on detector technology is largely obsolete .3 -RRB- Many of the claims presented in the book are highly sensationalized and idealistic . Sure , the stories about people finding gold coins and hoards of buried coins are entertaining to read , but even my local coin dealer who sells coin detectors says he has never heard of anyone finding such items .4 -RRB- This book does not give a well-rounded view of the metal detecting hobby . Mr. Garrett only emphasizes the good and the sensational , making it sound like anyone can make a lot of money metal detecting coins . This is just not the case unless you make metal detecting your part-time job . To find the good coins , you will have to spend a great deal of time researching -LRB- which Mr. Garrett mentions -RRB- and even then , you will have to dig a lot of trash . You can spend three hours in a field and all you find is a button and a few current coins . Garret 's book gives you the impression that gold coins are buried right in your backyard . This is simply not true . Avoid this book , as it is nothing more than an elaborate Garrett sales brochure .
 My son -LRB- 1yr -RRB- does n't think much of this toy , as it does n't have much volume , it too quiet to keep his attention . If there is any other background noise -LRB- like the TV -RRB- , it easily washes out this toy . So if he does n't get any response from it , he simply moves along to the next toy in the basket .
 I bought this one for my 2.5 yr old kid . But the sounds coming out of this toy is hardly audible . moreover , it hardly has any resemblance to a real world laptop . there are no keys , instead this one has a soft pad on which you can press buttons -LRB- which are hidden under the towel -RRB- . the screen is nothing but a few LEDs and is hardly impressive even to my kid . thinking of sending it back .
 These paticular ones show being able to stretch over the head like a hat . But these ones were way too small for that . A little disapointing but they do fit on the feet so not all was lost .
 I ordered this product from another website.I followed the instructions very closely . I did everything correctly . But , when I got to screwing on the metal hindges -LRB- which keep the lid from slamming down -RRB- to the wooden blocks -LRB- located on the lower coners of the lid angle -RRB- one of the wooden pieces broke -LRB- where the screws are -RRB- as the lid came down . The wood piece split in two . And , believe me I followed the instructions very carefully . I 've subsequently seen other similar reveiws of this product elsewere.Because the hindges do n't work properly , the lid slams down if not held up . And , while this product does have a finger groove to protect little fingers , there is an area on the sides of the chest that are flush with the lid and thus fingers are n't protected here.Luckly , a friend of mine is a craftsman and hopefully he 'll be able to replace the broken wood piece and fix this problem.If I were you I 'd make sure and buy an assembled chest . I do not recommend this particular product , especially if you intend to assemble it yourself .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The seller shipped this item quickly to me -- no problems there . My problem is with the quality of the candle . First off , even though it looks larger , the candle is incredibly small . Make note it is only 3 inches -- perfect for a cupcake topper , not a cake topper . Second , the quality is poor . The paint on the candle was scratched off in quite a few different areas . Third , the characters do not look identical to the trademark Sesame Street characters -LRB- more like a `` knock-off '' -RRB- . Yes , they do look like Sesame Street , but there are slight differences.Overall , I would not recommend this product . I will not be using it .
 The pony was cute and soft as promised , but was n't as big as expected and it 's eyes were a little lopsided .
 I ca n't imagine what one would use this for , as the magnetic strength is virtually nonexistent . I suppose one could stick strips on both the item and the receiver and hope they will stick when the strips align .
 Thought I was ordering oversized cards . I can buy these any store for cheaper . Would like to get my money back
 Was disappointed to see that the cards were n't actually jumbo in size . It was the print on the cards that was large .
 Cards are not super jumbo . They are regular sized playing cards . The faces are large . No way these cards list for 60.00 !
 I am visually impaired and was happy to get the cards . They were very easy to read and others commented on them very positively . I needed them to be able to play EUCHRE in our card club . We play 6 rounds and they get a lot of shuffling . After the third day of using them they became very tacky and hard to deal . I can no longer use them . We normally use Bicycle cards and they stay good for a a long time . Not happy with this deck of cards and will have to find another brand so that I will be able to continue playing .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Totally inoperative right out of the box . What a disappointment !!!
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 unlike the picture , greased up deaf guy action figure i was sent has no grease spots on his body , which sort of misses the whole point!equally oddly , the other side of this complex character -- his deafness -- is n't even mentioned on the action figure packaging or in amazon 's description . in spite of this , the action figure is indeed deaf . kudos to the manufacturer for getting that right.Addendum : I stand corrected . there is grease , but it is VERY subtle -- not at all like the image . i could n't see it until i took it out of the packaging and examined it under just the right lighting .
 Yes , my 4 year old son loves these , but they are not durable . They would be good for use at a party but not day after day which is what I bought them for . He asked for a SpongeBob cup and this is what I found ...
 My child seems to love it . I think it 's part of the Fifth Circle of Hell . I can not wait for the batteries to die . This requires no imagination from children and gives them very little incentive to actually play with it . I do n't think toys should have to be watched .
 While it is an amusing toy , it does n't really stand to ever be a child 's favorite.It only sings one song , and the pizza tells one joke . There 's nothing else it does - no variation whatsoever.It also has no volume control , and is dangerously , not to mention obnoxiously LOUD . The speaker is internal , so you ca n't muffle it either.While we 've only had it for a matter of hours , I worry about the stability of it as well . With a child , the pizza could easily break and cease to function , ruining the whole element of the song.So , it 's cute ... play with it in the store , or at a friend 's house , but do n't buy it .
 We received this as a gift for my daughter for her 1st birthday . The toy is already broken . Since we did n't get a gift receipt and threw the box away , it 's useless . It was fun and cute until it stopped singing .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 I just had the worst experience assembling this aweful product . You have to be a qualified wood engineer and an experienced carpenter to assemble this . I got injured assembling it and it took 3 hours !! horrible horrible product . The assembly diagram is tiny and does n't give you much clue how to assemble this . hinges are the worst part . The effort it took to assemble it was unacceptable . I still have a few screws not properly nailed . Even though I used a hammer .
 This puppy is very cute but it is much smaller than the picture makes it look . It is just a bit larger than a beannie baby animal . I 'm not saying thats a bad size but I did n't want any one else suprised the way I was .
 This product would be a good buy for under $ 10 . The completed `` robot '' goes in a short straight line when you push a button on your tv remote control . Son quickly lost interest .
 My kids did not like the CD . Was boring to them . Tunes were not very catching for kids to listen to .
 Back in the ' 70 's when `` Space :1999 '' was originally on the air , there were very few options for fans who wanted a replica of the fantastic Eagle spacecraft . Basically you could plunk down $ 10.00 for a diecast Dinky toy -LRB- which for a toy was actually pretty nice , except for the horrible green color -RRB- , or you could pony up about $ 4.00 for this model -LRB- originally released in the U.S. by Fundimensions - A division of MPC -RRB- . I ended up doing both , and of the two , the Dinky was actually much better . The problem with this kit is that it 's really inaccurate . It was obviously designed to be easy for children to assemble . Several corners were cut to produce the model as simply as possible . First , all of the proportions , and for that matter , the general shapes of the various sections are off . Also , the framework that surrounds most of the craft is here molded as solid pieces , rather than with the open spaces that expose the inner parts of the hull . That detracts from the visual appeal of the model a lot . Then the complicated pipework around the engine assembly has been simplified considerably , making it look less realistic as well.Considering the prices that these kits are going for now -LRB- and mind you , these AMT kits are reissues of the original 70 's model from only a few years ago -RRB- , you 'd be better off spending another $ 10 - $ 20.00 , and buying one of the wonderfully detailed , preassembled and prepainted , ` Product Enterprise ' Eagle replicas -LRB- available in four different varities , at the time of this writing -RRB- . Bottom line , this kit is really only of interest to those who are nostalgic over the model kit they owned as a child and undemanding as to accuracy . Not for the serious model enthusiast -LRB- I will admit that this reissue does have nice box art , but that 's hardly a sterling recommendation -RRB- .
 I was really disappointed with this product . The bag was inferior and the tools was designed more for preschoolers than older children . It was very light weight and was not what I expected as displayed in the picture . The only reason I did n't return it is because I did n't want to pay the shipping cost .
 In theory , this is a GREAT item . However , it arrived in a damaged package with most of the pieces missing . The one tool we received , the shovel , had chip marks . The canvas bag is cute like the picture ... but it was dirty & stained from -LRB- I 'm guessing -RRB- the packaging being torn . This item is not able to be swapped-out for a new one , so our only recourse is to return it outright , and buy a new one . In order to do that , we would have to pay shipping fees which we did n't before -LRB- because it was part of a larger order that was eligible for Super Saver Shipping -RRB- . Also , several other reviewers mentioned the flimsy construction regarding the small screws , and that is a true & accurate assessment .
 The picture make it look quite a bit bigger and like it has more stuff with it than it actually does . It is actually quite small ... and just comes with the three small utensils on the outside . That 's it . When it is shipped ... it doesnt even seem like it could be in the box because the box is so small .
 like the price but it ha no structure to it an just flops over with the tools in it.you would have to fill up the center with a bunch of stuff to actually get it to stay upright .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Although a great idea , this has turned out to be another plant growing toy that just does n't do much . Each of the three plastic tubes are not larger enought to grow a plant of any significant size . You do see a reasonable amount of small roots thru the tubes , and get green plant growth above the tube , but 's that about it . After MANY months , the carrot -LRB- s -RRB- and radish -LRB- es -RRB- never got larget than about 1/8 '' wide and the onions never sprouted after repeated tries . Followed all directions exactly as described .
 The wooden stand arrived broken in 4 pieces . The sides detached -LRB- designed that way -RRB- but the little rings around the tops had snapped off . Kind of disappointing when my nephew opened it up . Seems like it could be a cool product . Maybe I 'll dig out the wood glue .
 The Garden root viewer was a great project for my 3 year old daughter but we were disappointed the carrot seeds never sprouted .
 The onion seeds never sprouted , the carrots and radishes did sprout but after months of being in the little tubes , they never did grow any carrots or radishes under the soil . My 4 yr . old was disappointed and so was I. I did everything right . I finally gave up and dumped them out . Maybe the tubes are too skinny ... I did give it two stars because he did get to see the tops grow , he loves to garden .
 Not easy to grow anything in these small tubes . The plant did n't show roots and ended up rotting out and not really growing . Would not recommend .
 Put it in an envelope and mail it when I pay , gee that makes perfect sense !!! Not three days after and ship the slowest possible way that you can even though you charge a tone to ship something that weighs a few ounces . I am sure the store what ships this is n't that busy to where they need THREE days to process , give me a break !!!!!
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 I was very disappointed when I opened the box to see that this helmet -LRB- meant for children -RRB- , has very visable white skull emblem on the back of it . I chose this set after much searching on the internet because it matched the scooter we had just ordered for my almost 4 year old son . Some parents may not care one way or the other about this emblem , but I find it inappropriate for a child 's safety helmet . I feel the company should display a photo of the back of the helmet so parents who share my view can simply move on to another option . I have never felt the need to return anything I purchased on the internet before -LRB- or to write a `` bad '' review -RRB- , but this helmet will either be returned or simply thrown away .
 This item is small and by no means can it hold a 12 hour day worth of food and supplies that I feel that i must keep with me . . the item is well built yet very small lower half that will carry 2-3 normal bottles of water and a sandwich . . the side pocket are pointless ... yet the upper part is nice and large . . i guess I expect a much larger bottom portion to hold more cold items
 I wanted a lunch box that would carry me throughout my day at work . This lunch box , although bigger than the standard , does not hold very many things . And , contrary to what some people wrote , it does not keep things cold for any duration . I put freezer packs to help keep items that needs to be cold a proper temperature .
 I was shopping for a new lunchbox for my son and thought this might be good . When it arrived it turned out to be much too large for a boy 's lunchbox and more for a picnic box for 2-4 people . I kept it anyway for picnic use and bought a smaller one for his lunch . The Pranzo is great for a picnic but it is mislabled as a lunchbox .
 I ordered this item 5 days ago with 2 day shipping . Apparently , it has not even been shipped yet ?????? I use Amazon because this sort of thing NEVER happens . But never say never.This was for a gift that had to be delivered today . Now , it looks as though I ca n't even cancel it ...
 You ca n't put ice in the cooler !!! When the ice melt the whole lunch box get wet .
 Nobody will order this because there is no indication of how many tennis balls are included .
 Was excited to share this toy with my grand children , but disappointed in only receiving nine jacks , instead of ten . Packers must not have noticed hole in side of packaging before shipping . For the price , I 'm upset .
 I typically read reviews rather than write them , but after recently purchasing this product at our local craft store I had to share one on Amazon , because I frequently use these reviews when making purchases on Amazon.I was initially excited about the variety of colors the pack of paints offers . We were planning on using the paint for a holiday craft . I of course was sure to purchase something washable , because when you have a toddler , everything needs to be washable.I was terribly disappointed when we washed the pair of pants my daughter did the craft in and a smudge of red paint remained on her pants , even after I pre-treated them . I was even more disappointed when the purple and blue paints would not wipe clean from her wooden play table . Everything has wiped off of the table - it 's a kid-sized table made by a great company with a special finish on it , fashioned for little ones to use and abuse . Crayons , play-doh , colored pencils , other paints ... they 've all wiped clean . Not these though . Nothing I used will get the paint out . These paints are not washable . They stain fabric and other materials , do not wash out like other paints out there marketed for kids .
 The only problem with this toy is it causes injuries . Those dang darts kept poking the 3 year olds . I had a lot of upset parents after my party .
 We bought two of these
 The toy was cheaply made and the pen was dried out -- no ink . I returned the toy and did not get my money back . I have no intentions of ever using Amazon again .
 its made of cheap plastic . the picture does not show it clearly . its awful . the magnets are not completely flat . and its very very tiny . looks like a big thing but its actually very small . also the company says that the returns have to be in an unopened condition . How will i even decide to not like it if i dont open it ?
 I 've seen tinker toy men that looked more realistic . And they are hinged in so few places , there is not much to do , except stack them . Which gets old very quickly .
 I got these to play with at my desk at work in a call center . the magnets are pretty strong , but they 're not as pose-able as I thought they would be . They were fun for a couple weeks , but now live in my drawer
 The picture shows 4 balls and the description says `` balls '' -LRB- plural -RRB- . However , only 1 comes in the package ! Not worth $ 5 .
 The picture shows it on the boys head , and it does n't even fit on my kids hand !! They wanted it for their head . I am very disappointed !
 I wish they would make these action figures more durable but it seems that all the Incredibles toys in the series are very delicate and difficult to play with like kids do .
 So disappointed to open the shipping package to see a plain boringtent instead of a colorful themed teepee . My 4 your old grandson wouldhave loved the Indian theme the picture represents . Instead he was unimpressed.To Amazon
 Do n't waste your money . I would n't recommend this product . It is NOT as shown - there are no pictures on the tee pee . It 's just a plain beige -LRB- BORING -RRB- and it 's too close to Christmas to exchange it . Shame on Amazon for selling a product that is so blatantly misrepresented .
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 I bought two of these mattress one leaked so much that I could not blow it up.I made it to the pool with the other one . within one hour it was limp with very little air . Junk from china .
 I bought three mattresses . Two of them will not hold air overnight . These are brand new . The quality needs to be improved .
 They are very small . If you are under 5 feet tall and do n't mind that the pillow does not inflate indepently of the raft . So , if ya spring a leak you do n't have any floatation , hope ya can swim . To add to it . They are very narrow as well . The ad should say for children or adults under 5 ft. Maybe it was mark incorrect
 Very small for a gift pack -LRB- approximately 3 `` x3 `` x3/4 '' -RRB- for the price . I had to augment with another gift so my granddaughter did n't feel slighted .
 The set looks good with the wooden flap and bright colors . A good adornment for your desk.The main problem with this item is that the darts do not stick on the board if you throw them hard . As the magnets are too small , the darts just bounce off the boards . You have to be very gentle in throwing the darts for the magnets to work.Many people who walk by my desk tried it and were unhappy about this since you ca n't really play much with it .
 I guess this was a defective bottle I could not get any glue to come out until I trimmed all of the applicator nozzle away . I cut it back a little at a time until I was all the way to the base and yes I did use the supplied wire to attempt to poke holes as I went , in the end I decided to dispose of this poor product packaging glue and all rather than try to ship a big mess back . I recommend anyone seeking to buy this stuff to do so locally if you can , that way if this happens to you , you can return it .
 It was broken . I shipped back and tomy knowledge I have not been notified that I have been reimbursed for it .
 Este aparato praticamente no amplifica nada , y produce un molestoso sonido al encender . Me gustaron mas los audifonos que trae , por lo menos son m&aacute;s &uacute;tiles . No lo recomiendo .
 I was impresed by the look and bought this item some time ago . You can only hear what you can hear through your bare ears with this . If you can hear through the walls without it , by placing both your palms on your ear , then you can hear it with this device too . There is simply no advantage in it . If you relly need to get long range listening devices , they are expensive and they 're rarely available only on hi-end spy gadget places . Save your money .
 I received the product damaged - it did n't work . I went through the procedures for returning the product and sent it UPS . I asked for a replacement . Still have n't received one as of July 12th 2010 .
 As I open the box this thing looks great and I cant wait to try it out . After I add power I can here all kinds of stuff - like my hand on the handle , my finger on the trigger , the birds somewhere , my heart beating through the grip , my breathing , a car behind me somewhere , the wind or someone talking oh yea that 's what I wanted to here -- no those are the wrong people they sound like a cat fight oh that is a cat fight , wait I think I hear someone walking up behind me -- oops I fluffed , yea this thing smells , too.Not a Good Buy just a waste . Just a listen to your self device.NEXT !
 I recieved my order yesterday and used it but it wasnt to my satisfaction.I was hoping to listen to a great deal of things but i tried everything and couldnt get much out of the product .
 The item itself is okay . I ca n't tell if the scope is worth anything because it arrived damaged . The real problem is the seller TechJam USA . There is no direct number to call and they do n't return any of my emails .
 I ordered this item a few weeks ago . It finally arrived today . Open the box and the parabolic dish was broken . So no opportunity to test this device . I wanted another one from Amazon . However , the only option was to refund my money . I may order another one and give it one more try .
 Did not work very well . My son enjoyed using it in the house but when we measured out the distance unless it was directed exactly at his sister it could barely hear what she was saying but he had fun in the house overhearing his sister as long as it was very quiet .
 The product seems well made , but unfortunately my 6 month old does n't enjoy it at all . The ball is too firm for him to squeeze -LRB- even though he 's HUGE for his age , and very strong -RRB- . And because he ca n't squeeze it , he ca n't chew it , which is what he wants to do with all his toys at this age . Maybe when he 's older , he 'll become more interested in it .
 I bought this jewelry box for my 3 year old daughter for Christmas and I will be returning it . It 's very cheaply made and the music would not play for more than a few seconds .
 Upon receiving the music box and opening it , I discovered that the mirror inside was mounted extremely crooked , so much so that I had to take it apart -LRB- which entailed cutting the material inside -RRB- , realign it and glue it back together . After doing that , it was fine , but I knew what work I had done on it even though the recipient had no clue . It was very disappointing , to say the least . I 'm only thankful that I did n't have it mailed directly to her because that would have been an utter disaster .
 Looks exactly like picture . Only one problem with it . The piece that starts the music box was stripped out.So I wasnt able to use the music box . I called company and they said the would exchange or refund my money . If I wanted to exchange it I had to send back and they would reimburse for the postage . To me it wasnt worth the hassle to rebox the item and take to post office to have it shipped back . I guess I would of preferred they just sent me a new one . And I could of just thrown the other away.Which In the end i did .
 I received this and it is broken ! The doll does n't spin right when you wind it up . I 'm so disappointed .
 Ordered this as a Christmas gift for our granddaughter , and the fairy hitches and stops while spinning . Unacceptable for a little girls Christmas present . It is really a lovely box , too bad I got one that does n't play right . I have to return this .
 This is a really cute little jewelry box , but the dancer and latch broke in no time at all . The box is still intact so that 's good . My 5-year-old daughter is very careful with her things , but after a few minutes the wings popped off the ballerina and then a little while later the whole girl came out . I was really hoping this would last longer than it did .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 This broke after a few days of my son playing with it . Loved it when it worked , but sent it back .
 My 6-year old wanted this toy for Christmas and I spent about an hour putting it together . Within 2 minutes blocks were popping off and it was falling apart . If you buy this toy , I suggest putting it on a shelf and `` looking '' at it . I also bought him the 2 ships and I am not even going to bother opening them . I am returning them for a more `` durable '' children 's toy .
 I have been in touch with the company that apparently sent this but I still have n't received it . I ordered it around Dec. 8 and they said I 'd recieve it most likely in two weeks but it was guaranteed by the 28th . I still have not received it .
 I ca n't believe that it is not stated that the battery pack is not included ! What a disappointment . I did luck out on finding the battery at toys r us , however was shocked that it was another $ 30.00 . I have 3 children and try and spend the same amount on all of them each christmas , guess I failed this year . Even power wheels comes with the battery . If they would just sell it for the $ 100 it really costs people would n't be so mad ! I was going to buy one for each of my son 's , good thing I did n't !
 I ca n't believe the battery pack costs so much . A seventy dollar toy should have free batteries . Totally ridiculous . Now it 's after Christmas and I ca n't find the battery pack anywhere . Those jerks ! I ca n't even review how much fun it is because no one here has played with it .
 Tyco/Mattel & Toys R Us , Scenario . A company that wishes to be the premier toy manufacturer with an ` all American ' image sells a product that is marketable in a price bracket only if a key component is sold separately . Who in the world would sell a toy that requires a non-standard battery that is not only not included , but hard to get and in many instances sold incorrectly -LRB- and the key component that renders the total product totally useless -RRB- ? Well , Mattel/Tyco appears to have done just that with the Shell Shocker toy , and judging from a simple Internet check , people are pissed!I honestly can not believe that Mattel , Tyco , and/or Toys R Us have not taken any affirmative action with the shortcomings of the Tyco Shell Shocker battery debacle . Having grown up in Manhattan Beach and in the shadow of Mattel -LRB- and now a parent of four living in Utah -RRB- , I never thought that I would cast my economic ballot by joining the growing number of people who will not purchase any Mattel/Tyco related products at any point in the future due to misleading information and no reciprocation.Having previously worked at a managerial level for Intel , I am no neophyte to correcting product shortcomings . When we realized a math coprocessor error in the design of a product , we openly admitted our mistake and offered free replacement of any flawed devices . Instead of an overall loss in revenue , we realized a higher than ever popularity boost and sales increased accordingly . Our image blossomed at a critical point when it could have easily ` tanked ' if we had attempted to ignore and/or mitigate through inaction the very real issue in our product.Again , being a parent of four and the Worldwide Director of Professional Services for an international software development corporation , I am amazed at how many companies are willing to take no corrective action in fixing issues that were caused , either by design or in ignorance , by themselves . It is these companies that I am more than willing to identify and share my insights in the media , with shareholders , with the Better Business Bureau , with Chamber of Commerce boards , as well as with attorneys if necessary . And unfortunately Mattel/Tyco has fallen into this category.I do have to say that I was surprised to have found I am not alone in my perception and that throngs of others are also no longer purchasing Mattel or Tyco products unless this situation is rectified . You should be ashamed at making your living at entertainment product development that is predominantly targeted at the youth market and releasing what I perceive to be a very calculatedly misleading product . Now I do understand that you would not have sold nearly as many units if it was openly known that the battery , which is unique to the device , is not included , and costs almost as much as the product itself . But this is an issue where you should have either designed the product to take standard batteries that are used by the VAST MAJORITY of Mattel/Tyco -LRB- and other -RRB- products or sucked it up and realized that you were n't going to have as great a sales revenue at the higher price . NOTE
 The gears stripped and broke off before the battery ran out of juice on the first day . This is way too expensive of a toy to last only 3 hours . DO NOT GET SHELL SHOCKER !
 Total waste of money and way too much heartache for a little boy at Christmas . After reading the directions , charging the battery and waiting 2 days for the rain to go away , our son took the `` beast '' outside . It broke within the first 5 minutes of play . He said he heard a snap -LRB- I guess an internal gear broke -RRB- and now the toy does n't morph . Mattell should hang its head in shame over this one and act swiftly to take all remaining product off the market .
 I bought this toy for my son and with in two hrs of play time I had the same problem the gears are shot and the fins will not open . I call Mattel -LRB- after a few hrs trying -RRB- and they are sending me a return label so I can get a refund . I have to send in two fins and the remote .
 My son was so excited that Santa brought him the Shell Shocker toy ... he had been waiting for months . We went across to the park and the toy hit a bump and now the fins wo n't come out . So much for `` all terrain '' . Problem is that we do n't even qualify for the 90 day warranty period as we are in Australia and the warranty only applies to those in US . For the money `` Santa '' paid ... . I really thought we would get more than 10 minutes of enjoyment out of it .
 I now have to try to find this battery charger , that is $ 30.00 , to make this toy work . The charger is unique only to the `` Shell-Shocker '' . I have an immune disorder and can not run all over town to find this charger . Even if I find it online , I will have to pay for express deliver to receive it by Christmas . Today is December 20th . When going to wrap the Shell-Shocker this morning , I see -LRB- in a 2X3 inch square down in the corner of the box -RRB- that another purchase of a `` TYCO battery pack and charger '' must be made to operate this toy . To Fisher-Price , ToysRUS and TYCO - this is a very unethical way to do business . Why not charge the necessary price for the toy and include the charger/battery pack and keep the consumers from having to deal with all this anxiety ?? I 'm very , very disappointed . Robyn
 My son has begged for this toy ... On Christmas morning we were so excited with our 9V battery ... Can anyone tell me why the stores that sell this do not carry the battery pack with it ???? I do see it on the box now , but where are they ? I have been searching , amazon says not available and usually if you want something this is the place to go -LRB- beside E-Bay -RRB- I clicked on the thing again and it said it was now available like a minute later , so I bought it . Now when I go back in , again it says Not Available ... What 's up?It looks like Great Fun !!!!
 The toy itself is fine , pricy , but fine . However , it 's one thing for your kid to open a gift on Christmas morning and realize you have to run to the gas station for a forgotten battery . It 's totally another thing to spend $ 70 on something you ca n't even use without the $ 30 battery pack that has to be purchased separately at a REAL store . Tyco did n't want to price this thing at $ 100 so they TRICKED their customers with a simple `` batteries not included '' label . If you want this toy for your child , just realize ... it ACTUALLY costs $ 100 !!!
 While the toy may be cool the `` batteries not included '' on the box is definitely deceptive . A $ 30 proprietary battery should be included with the toy and NOT a secondary expense .
 I was reading the revies , I was aware of the concerns and I was willing to take the risk and give it a shot ... Well , I am happy I did!I am 26 years old and have a fable for RC toys . Saying this I 'd like to say , that for me this thing is definetely NOT a toy for kids under 8 and defineteley NOT a toy to be used either indoors nor without supervision!To give you an impression why I think that is , consider the following
 I agree with others regarding the special battery pack . I bought this toy for my grandson , it is the most wanted item on his list . I purchased it 2 weeks ago , get around to wrapping it only to find out it needs a special battery pack & charger in addition to other `` normal '' batteries . The cost was n't my concern , nor the other batteries . Now scrambing to find the required battery pack/charger , to find they are unavailable !! Great , my grandson gets his cool toy and ca n't operate until who knows when . Something like that should be included in the box regardless of the total cost . At least those that are willing to pay the price can expect to get the complete toy . Very disappointed in such a large , well known toy company .
 My son , I , and the rest of the family fired this thing up the evening upon its opening as a Christmas gift to my son . We only spent a few minutes with it -LRB- because it was dark outside but , we had to see the LED eyes light up :-RRB- -RRB- and realized we had pretty cool toy in front of us , after performing a few tricks with it . We packed it away and took it home to play with the next day.My son and I took the Shell Shocker out for its 2nd run , ... it performs great on non-hard surfaces -LRB- i.e. grass , dirt , etc -RRB- or so we thought . After about 5 minutes of laughing watching this thing do its tricks , my son let it come to rest -LRB- in its expanded form -RRB- and attempted to `` contract '' it into is `` ball '' form , via the remote.Well this is where the pain of failure began . Apparently one of the wheels got caught up in the grass and the motor over-powered the gears inside and we heard a pop . After picking it up and moving it to a more forgiving piece of ground we found that it would no longer contract nor expand.Thinking , `` Hey , I 'm a Systems Engineer , '' I took the thing apart except for the core to see if there was something obviously wrong . It appears the gears inside had slipped either due to one of the teeth being broken or the motor just slipped it off its track . The material of the gears appear to have a nylon/plastic propery like that of PVC tubing . Regardless , I put it all back together before making things worse . We now find , with manual manipulation , we can expand it or contract it but , it lost is `` enchantment '' with us.I did n't save the receipt nor the box so , I figured it was a wasted effort in any attempt to exchange/return it -LRB- I 'll own the fault there -RRB- . But , including the battery , the feeling of throwing $ 90 down the drain ... . just sucks.The Shell Shocker has great amusing potential . Sadly , I do n't think the surrounding material can handle the power in the motor .
 My husband just ordered this toy online . We have n't gotten it yet , so I can not attest to the fun , educational value , or durablity . I can , however relay the fact that the advertising for this toy is hugely decpetive . The description of this toy on Amazon.com says `` 2 AA batteries required . '' It does n't say one thing about any other sort of batteries . Then , if you scroll down because you happen to want to know some of the cool features of the toy , you see that it will require the Tyco ProFlex BP&C ; and one 9 volt for transmitter . Batteries not included . Well , I 'm sure that Tyco figured that most parents would n't have a clue what a ProFlex BP&C ; was , or that it was -LRB- ... -RRB- At the very least , the words battery pack and charger should be spelled out for clarity , the usage of the initials was just another attempt at trickery.So in the description from Amazon.com , we 're told we need only purchase 2 AA batteries , and then the manufacture 's spiel says that we need a `` BP&C ; and a 9 volt battery '' . But the manufacturer does n't say anything about 2 AA batteries . Someone has dropped the ball here , and it 's really foul . I must say , this is the priciest -LRB- ... -RRB- I 've ever spent in my life . I certainly hope it turns out to be worth it . One thing that the manufacturer fails to understand , is that myself and others would have bought the toy if the price for the battery and toy were combined and everything was advertised legitimately . I just would n't have had such a bad taste in my mouth .
 Like other disappointed consumers , we bought the Shell Shocker for my 8 yr old son for Christmas . He loves RC type toys and Shell Shocker is a much different RC compared to the typical cars , trucks and such . I knew about the extra battery expense before buying Shell Shocker from doing the research , that was not an issue -LRB- like others have noted -RRB- . However , this toy was one of the `` feature '' Christmas gifts for my son . I was diligent enough to have charged the battery ahead of time so he may use it on Christmas day . Well ... the Shell Shocker did not make it past 1 hour of use in our back yard . The left fin stopped extracting -LRB- expanding outward -RRB- , and based on the other reviews , I can only assume a gear broke inside it . -LRB- The backyard is composed of mostly mulch and grass , nothing hard like concrete or rocks . -RRB- I did not bother to open the Shell Shocker casing ... instead I am going back to the store and demanding my money back for the Shell Shocker and battery pack . -LRB- ~ $ 100 total -RRB- . This is the second disappointing Christmas toy from Mattel . The other is the `` Barbie Primp and Polish '' styling head ... also a big disappointment . My wife called Mattel and complained today , we are getting a full refund ... but that 's another story .
 Guess I did n't read the fine print either . I saw the `` batteries not included '' on the box and purchased a 9v battery for the remote . Christmas morning , no battery pack . Wal Mart -LRB- where I bought it -RRB- does n't have them . Drove 90 miles to another Wal Mart , they do n't have them either . After another 38 miles to Toys R Us and still no battery pack , headed home . This was the ONE thing my daughter asked for ... and she ca n't play with the darn thing . If anyone has ideas on where to get a battery pack in Colorado I 'd be open to suggestions ! The customer service rep at Wal Mart told me they do n't stock them and she does n't think they ever will . The second Wal Mart said `` go to walmart.com and order one . '' Nothing available !!!
 We purchased the Shell Shocker for our son and it was a great toy until the gears broke and it would no longer morph correctly . We exchanged it for a replacement and the same thing happened with the new toy . My nephew also received one for Christmas and is having the same problem . We are going to return the second one and get something else entirely . It just seems as if the toy was not made strong enough to endure it 's movements and features .
 I bought two of the shell shockers for my sons . I knew about the batteries and did n't find anything deceptive about it -LRB- read the box folks ! -RRB- I also knew enough to get one in the 27 and 49 mhz , again , does n't take a genius . However , the first stopped morphing within 15 minutes of use and now the second one broke with the same problem . Prior to buying these I did my research and found the only complaint being the battery and now I 'm seeing virtually all of them with broken gears . My only problem now is how to explain it to my boys on why these toys from Santa do n't work .
 IT HAS SUCH A BAD DEAL BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO BUY THE FLEX PACK SEPERETLY SO IT COST TO MUCH TO BUY THEM BOTH !
 I searched high and low for this Shell Shocker for my 8-year-old grandson . He played with it in the house yesterday -LRB- Christmas -RRB- . This morning my daughter called to tell me that the gear had broken . Seth was using it outside for a few minutes , and the gear broke . What a disappointment ! I would not recommend this toy .
 We got this toy for our son for christmas , it was his big request on his list . We played with this toy for less than 1 hour before the gears stripped , it will not morph anymore , and it is completely useless . What a rip off !! It was very disappointing for our son , there is no reason a toy that costs as much as this one does should have so many complaints about it , and I can not believe that the people at TYCO do n't know that this toy breaks so easily if they did testing on it .
 I 'm sorry if you got this toy and set it under the tree thinking it was a good idea . It cost too much and then took a charger not included that cost just as much as the toy . It did n't perform anything like the tv said it would . My son rejected it less than 5 mins into play and he and I returned it the next day . TYCO now Mattel this was not a good idea .
 My son received Shell Shocker for Christmas , but the gift giver did not include the battery pack . After the initial disappointment , I assured my son that the day after Christmas we would run to Toys R Us and get a battery pack . Well it 's been two weeks and numerous trips to Toys R Us , Meijer , Target , etc. , and still no battery pack . We check online five times a day to order one and they are always sold out . What kind of company would sell X amount of toys and not make sure that the only battery that makes the toy work would be readily available.The sad thing is that an employee of Toys R Us informed us that the exact same thing happens every year with Tyco 's most popular new toy . I see a pattern here , why does n't Tyco ? Get someone with a little common sense on the battery pack issue . I would love to include a real review if we ever get to play with this toy .
 It wroke 2 minutes later after openning , my husbund try to fixed but surprice all the inside partes are `` plastic '' you ca n`t fixed . DO NOT WAIST YOUR MONEY .
 Look at www.gadgetmadness.com for a great review of this toy and watch a video of it in action . Looks cool , but will do our own test on Christmas morning .
 What a nightmare !!!! First we spend $ 70 on a remote control toy only to find that it requires a special battery chsrger that 's sold separately ! We learned this on Christmas Day while our disappointed 9 year old spends much of his Christmas complaining that he ca n't use the toy he so desired . We trek back to Toys R Us the day after Christmas and were sold the wrong Tyco Flexpak charger . So we arrive home to disappoint our son once again . So now we have to order the remote control on line . I guess our son will be in college before he gets to try this toy and have an opinion about it .
 i 'm back on this website 2 days after christmas-believe me - i have better things to do . this toy is the worst christmas present my son has ever recieved . the battery pack is $ 30 . i 'm buying it now and i am really annoyed about it . this toy is ugly and way too expensive . i should have bought a rc truck for him and not gotten involved with this . do n't believe the hype !!
 All my 4 yr old wanted for Christmas was a Shell Shocker . My parents got it for him , and he was SO EXCITED ! After playing with it once , it lost it 's fun for him . We got it out a few more times before it would n't morph anymore . Plus , because we went on pavement with it -LRB- a BIG no-no -RRB- , the body is terribly scuffed . He has more fun with his remote control cars ! We called tyco and are getting our money back . After , we 'll go to radio shack and get him a remote control car !
 My kid opened this on christmas to find he ca n't use it till I get a special battery for it . The battery is ONLY sold at Toys-R-Us and cost $ 30 . The toy itself was $ 70 and it does n't run very long when fully charged up .
 It may sound kind of a repetition but all those who gave this toy as a present were totally disappointed after Christmas Day that their $ 100 investment was a total waste . I have the same symptoms
 I had always thought of Tyco as the `` gold standard '' of R/C vehicles . My son had an old Tyco -LRB- Rebound , I think -RRB- that was handed down from a friend . That thing took years of abuse before the remote antenna got broken off . The car would still be working today if that had n't happened!So I was looking for another RC car for my 8 year old . We 've tried several others , but none measured up to the Rebound . I THOUGHT this one would be it . I had reservations about the $ 90 price tag -LRB- $ 60 for the vehicle and $ 30 for the battery ... SHAME ! -RRB- . But this thing is TERRIBLE ! Shame on Tyco ! Initially , the movement was awkward , thanks to the hard plastic exterior -LRB- no rubber wheels -RRB- and the flopping `` tail '' . But I thought that the shape-shifting feature would make up for it . WRONG ! It changed shape maybe 3 times before the gears apparently broke.I took that thing back to the store for a refund and I 'll think twice before buying another Tyco !
 Charged up the battery for 5 1/2 hours on Christmas Eve , son opened toy on Christmas morning , took it out onto the grass in the back yard -LRB- it was dry , not swampy or muddy -RRB- . Dad supervised the entire time , and it broke in less than 10 minutes . Now the toy will open and shut and the fins on both sides will work in the reverse mode , but the left side of the toy will not work at all in the forward direction . So all it does is turn in circles . Powered it off and on , no good . Powered it off and left it off for 30 minutes JUST IN CASE it had gotten hot in 5 minutes of use , and this also did no good . Now we have to go through the joys of trying to get the manufacturer to make good on the 90 day warranty . What a disappointment !!
 I should have insisted on my money back the first time ! Within 10 minutes of opening our first shell shocker it jammed up and would n't work properly . Since I had already spent the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for the battery that can only be used in this toy I decided to try another one -LRB- after a long interchange with the Tyco people and a 6 week wait -RRB- . The second one finally arrived and once again , my son had it out of the box for not more than 15 minutes and it was obvious that it was n't preforming as promised . So , if you do choose to buy - make sure you save your receipts for the toy and the battery !
 Well I 'm well aware that these toys now require seperate expensive battery packs but what disappoints me most is the Flex Pack battery pack I bought last year for the Terrain Twister apparently wo n't work on this model because now they have renamed it Flex Pro Pack -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . I did n't mind spending the money on the battery as I `` assumed '' the battery would work in several of Tyco 's RC toys . I am disappointed but it 's too late now -- already have ordered this hard to find toy.At least I found out before Christmas morning and I 'm sure my son will enjoy his Shell Shocker !
 TALK ABOUT A WASTE OF MONEY . FIRST OF ALL WHAT IS TYCO THINKING . $ 70 FOR THE TOY AND YOU HAVE TO BUY THE BATTERY PACK SEPARATELY ?!?!?! NOT TO MENTION I COULD NOT FIND THE BATTERY PACK ANYWHERE . ALL THE STORES WERE SOLD OUT . ALL WEB SITES -LRB- TOYS R US , KAYBEE TOYS , ETC -RRB- WERE SOLD OUT . ALL OTHER SITES -LRB- SPECIALTY HOBBY SHOPS -RRB- HAD THEM AT RIDICULUOUS PRICES , WHICH DID NOT INCLUDE SHIPPING.I FINALLY FOUND IT AT AMAZON.COM AT A REASONABLE PRICE AND I OPTED FOR THEIR FREE SHIPPING WHICH TOOK LONGER THAN I WOULD HAVE LIKED BUT AT LEAST THEY HAVE THAT MONEY SAVING OPTION WHICH HELPS.MY SON PLAYED WITH IT ONCE AND HATED IT . IT WAS HIS # 1 CHOICE ON HIS X-MAS LIST . TALK ABOUT A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT FOR US BOTH
 I bought this toy for my son for christmas but he has n't been able to use it since we have to buy a separate battery pack . Now the dumb toy costs around 100.00 instead of 60.00 . What company would be so stupid to sell a toy which is suppose to be radio controled with no battery pack included in the package . As much as the toy was you would think they would include a battery pack . Ca n't find a battery pack anywhere , we have to wait six weeks for one or pay to have one shipped to us from Toysrus . It may be going back to the store !
 It broke within a couple minutes from the cheap plastic . Mattel wo n't fix it or replace it because there was a little bit of snow in the grass . So if you do get this make sure there is no dew , no mud or moisture in your yard or they will not replace it . All terrain my foot ... . They wo n't cover it if there is any form of water even if it is n't liquid .
 Extremely disappointing . Bought the toy for my son for Christmas . It did n't come with the battery -LRB- $ 30 extra -RRB- and the battery is still sold out everywhere , including online , almost a month later.Don ' t bother . There are lots of other great RC toys out there .
 First , we believed the $ 30 proprietary battery was included even after reading the box - it was worded in a craftily deceiving way . Then , after charging the battery 5.5 hours , it worked long enough to determine that it was too destructive to be tried indoors . After waiting until the next day to try it outside , the battery needed charging again . So finally after another day 's wait , it no longer worked . There had been no accident , no rough play , nothing other than brief indoor testing , and with a fully charged battery it only slowly blinked its lights -LRB- which apparently means charge the battery -RRB- . No attempts to fix this were successful . This is being returned in hopes of finding a toy that our 7 year old will be thrilled with beyond the present-opening phase .
 The price . . not too bad until you add the cost of the specially designed seperately sold battery . I have two boys who saw the commercial barrage since Halloween , so Santa brought two . Batteries were charged so they were ready Chistmas morning . One broke in the first 15 minutes , the fins failed to open & close . I recharged the battery , let it ` rest ' several hours , but the problem continued . Both loose signal frequently . The retailer accepted the return of the defective one today , but no more were available , so we had to tell the boys the retailer had to send it back to santa for replacement . The second one still works , but the boys tired of it already , said it was bigger than expected & hard to control.Not recommended ! Hopefully Mattel will do the right thing & pull the commercials until it is redesigned or recalled . But judging from the continued sale of the defective Power Wheels Kawasaki ATV , that will not happen . -LRB- the one we have was repaired twice for a defective gear problem in the first year during the warranty period . the repair vendor is an 80 mile round trip & 5 other of the exact same power wheels atv was waiting for repair both times -RRB-
 Bought two of these for Christmas , the sales clerk said we needed the flex pack batteries , gave us the batteries , Christmas day.....wham-o . Wrong batteries . Ca n't find any anywhere . It was very disappointing to see the boys faces . Stores that are suppose to carry them , said they do n't know when and even if they will get them in . What gives Tyco . You make a product , you would think you would make as many if not more batteries to go with the sale . You require them in your product , you would think you would provide enough . I am thinking about exchanging and going to Nikko products .
 Had high hopes for this one . It 's definitely a basement or outside toy . Noisy but we got a kick out of it . It goes FAST with the tail slamming around as it rolls . First time outside the day after Christmas it rolled up under the car and stopped and now the fins on one side will not close up . JUNK - will be returned .
 DO NOT buy this toy ! Honestly , I would give this toy zero stars . First off , they may clearly specify you have to buy the special Tyco battery , but the problem is if it a special battery , from tyco itself , it should be included IN THE PRODUCT !! Having to shell out the extra $ 30 is absolutely stupid . Now a days , I triple dog dare you to find an electronic device that does NOT include the batteries it needs . Now lets talk about the Megahertz ... We bought 2 of these on the same frequency ... One will not work when the other is on . TYCO DOES NOT WARN CONSUMERS ABOUT THIS AT ALL -LRB- until you call their god-awful customer service -RRB- . Mattel needs to either start including a battery or lower the price on the toy itself . The battery probably costs 10 cents to make . Tyco or Mattel products will never enter this household again until they stop decieving consumers . All you folks who gave this toy 5 stars must 've just gotten tired of their kids yelling , because there is no justification for spending an extra $ 30 buying a battery that should be included in the product . I now have a useless $ 100 hunk of plastic and Tyco wont do a damn thing about it .
 What a waste of money ! Kid used it for 20 minutes and then it started doing it 's own thing . Took the battery out and recharged it . Put it back in and all it does now is rotate on the left side . Pressing the buttons on the remote does n't do anything . It does n't morph , go forward or backward . Just in circle . I think this product was not tested enough before it was put to market .
 I bought this gift for my nephew and was so disapointed that the battery pack was not even available at the store after it came without one . After going on line I realize I am in the same situation as everyone else . I have decided to return the thing . It is rediculous to sell a toy without the necessary battery to play with it . Do what you have to to adjust the price but $ 30 extra for a battery is crazy . MATTEL CAN KEEP IT !
 What a nightmare !!!! First we spend $ 70 on a remote control toy only to find that it requires a special battery chsrger that 's sold separately ! We learned this on Christmas Day while our disappointed 9 year old spends much of his Christmas complaining that he ca n't use the toy he so desired . We trek back to Toys R Us the day after Christmas and were sold the wrong Tyco Flexpak charger . So we arrive home to disappoint our son once again . So now we have to order the remote control on line . I guess our son will be in college before he gets to try this toy and have an opinion about it .
 Well , I guess I learned my lesson . I assumed that batteries not included meant that I would easily find that missing battery in my well stocked china cabinet drawer this Christmas . Unfortunately , I did not have any TYCO flexpaks in stock . I ca n't believe that a company would put a pricey toy out and not include the main piece that makes it go ! What 's worse ... every store I 've been to today , Target , Radio Shack , Toys R Us , Walmart , did not have it in stock ! I had to order online which does n't make my son thrilled since he has to wait another week to use the toy . We should all write TYCO about our dissatisfaction . I certainly am . Oh , lesson learned ... do n't buy a TYCO product again !
 I do n't know if it 's fun or not , eight days after christmas and I still have n't been able to find a batterie . I noticed half the people who gave this toy a good review also have not played with it , they 're just stuck on the hype , and they want to make those of us who did n't understand the batterie requirement -LRB- a huge amount of people -RRB- feel silly . The number of people who say it broke the first day concerns me a lot !
 It is very sad to see your little one opens the Santa 's gift with such an excitement but can not play since it requires a special pack battery . Ok , Santa failed to read the box but the funny thing is , you have to pay another $ 30 for it & no store has the battery !!! They ran out way before Christmas !! Come on Tyco-think - this is for little kids specially if you are marketing it for this time of the year . For $ 100 , put every thing together and make life easier for everyone .
 This toy is absolute junk . Purchased 2 for the boys at Christmas . One quit working that day . Amazon was amazing and replaced it quickly . . But only one side works again . The second one drains the battery . Even tried a new battery and charger . Still drains it in a matter of minutes . It 's a great concept , but not durable at all . The gears that turn the `` shells '' go out quickly . Then you are left with a useless toy . Tyco should have done a little more product testing before this one was put out .
 We just purchased this toy for $ 75 including taxes , I could n't believe the battery does not even come with it . The disappointment of our son on Christmas morning was reason enough not to purchase another Tyco product . This toy is not cheap to begin with and then we have to pay another $ 30 to get the battery ? Which is required to play . Very disappointing .
 Yeah , we got sucked into the hype . `` Hottest toy of the year '' all that stupid greedy marketing propaganda . Bought it and it broke within 20 minutes . Scared the bejesus out of cats . Son would rather play with terrain twister from last year which was much better product . So many stupid restrictions -- no snow , no rain , not too much sun , do n't play in the street -- where can you play with it ??? Returning it tomorrow .
 As others have commented , this was what my son REALLY wanted and so I reluctantly forked over the $ 100 . We opened it , waited 5 1/2 hours for the battery pack to charge . When we went to use it , it receives approximately 5 seconds of remote signal , then goes into `` default blink mode '' . Then , my son has to turn it off , then on again . He 's still down there playing for 3-5 second bursts and continually turning it off and on to get to it restart , but overall this is a horribly disappointing purchase . My advice to other parents is to explain to their kids that this is one of those -LRB- many -RRB- toys that looks better on TV and really does n't work that way at all in real life.I will be trying to contact tyco to see if we can get a replacement , but thus far this toy has been quite disappointing .
 I got the original Learn Through Music for my 2 year old and she loved it . We got three cassettes !!! As she got a bit older , we wanted to add to her collection , so we purchased this cassette , as well as the Pooh , both of which are Learn Through Music Plus cassettes , BUT CLEARLY STATED THEY WOULD WORK IN EITHER THE ORIGINAL LEARN THROUGH MUSIC OR THE LEARN THROUGH MUSIC PLUS ... this is just not the case ! The Plus cassettes consistently skip panels and get stuck betwen panels . I thought it was the machine and actually bought a new one . Needless to say , it continued to happen.A great toy but not as described .
 My son loved this toy ! He got such a kick out of it , and we liked it as well . Because it was so handy we kept it in the car as a car toy for him . After a couple uses he started investigating the toy a bit more , including chewing on the eyes of the toy -LRB- which is very common , i 'm finding ! -RRB- and the paint scraped off everywhere ! He was covered in black & white paint chips only after a 1.5 mile ride to the grocery store ! It would be a GREAT toy if it were n't for the paint hazard . He has n't had the toy back since .
 We bought our daughter this little giggle phone thinking that Sesame Street would be a trusted vendor that would use the highest quality materials to construct the toy . Our child put the toy in her mouth once and chewed on it a little bit -LRB- as many kids do -RRB- ... and we noticed that the paint on the eyes had immediately scraped off . We took that toy away and have n't given it back . We just wanted to let others out there know that despite the age recommendation , if there is any chance your child might put the toy in their mouth , then this is not the toy for you .
 the paints in this were dry , but when i wrote the company , they reimbursed me . I wish they would n't have been , my niece was very excited about it .
 I tried to purchase this vehicle and never received it . After multiple requests and complaints it was finally credited back to my account after it never was delivered . Please be careful with this vendor !
 I was looking forward to playing this game with my girlfriend and another couple , but it was awfully disappointing . The biggest problem is the directions , which are so vague and confusing that we basically had to make up our own rules -LRB- in terms of board movement , etc. -RRB- Incidentally , the board itself that came with the game I bought is very different from the one in the picture above . Another problem is that the questions are often much too difficult - the majority of the time , neither the men nor the women would know the answer . It 's mildly entertaining , but if you 're looking for a way to pit the men against the women , just buy Cranium and play with gender-based teams . You 'll have considerably more fun .
 I thought I should review this game . I thought it might be fun , so I had mentioned it to my mother as something I might like to get for Christmas . She thought it sounded great , so she got it for me . It was not that fun though . The rules are confusing . The questions are dumb . I swear it seemed like half of the questions for women were about fishing . How many men even know that much about fishing ? The questions for the men were also about stupid stuff . The women did n't even know most of the answers . I suppose this game might be more fun for older people who like fishing and sewing , but it is definitly not a game for people in their 20 's and 30 's .
 Oops ... Sounds like a great idea for a game , but boy did University Games blow it on this one.The questions simply are n't very difficult nor interesting for the opposite gender players , and the rules for moving around the board make it possible to virtually skip to the end at times.Simply not much fun.Note
 We played with gave with 8 family members , four men and four women . All the men had any easy time answering the questions for the women . On the other hand , the questions for the women to answer were ridiculous . The men themselves did not know the answer to about 60 % of the questions.Despite that , we had fun playing the game . What makes it fun are your players .
 I bought this game for my parents so we could play it at family get-togethers . I thought it sounded hilarious and thought this would be a good way for the six of us to `` bond . '' Sadly , we all hated it , and thought it took too long . I found the questions to be very sexist -LRB- though I suppose that might be the idea -RRB- and found many of the questions where either no one knew the answer or everyone knew the answer . In this day and age where gender lines are softened , there are few `` male only '' and `` female only '' questions.If you 're looking for a guys vs. girls type of game , I would recommend taking a game you already think is fun and dividing up the teams rather than spending your money on this one .
 My husband and I were excited to play this game . However , right when we opened it up we realized the answers/questions are something a man would never guess . The concept is boys vs. girls , but a woman could win the game VERY easily . I would suggest playing this with ONLY women because answers are simple for women if they have any idea of what a car does .
 I bought this game for a New Year 's Eve get-togther that I was having . The questions are totally sexist . All of the male questions are about cars and fishing and the women questions are about cooking and fashion.We just played through the game and kept our own score . I have had this game for about four years and have only played twice -LRB- including New Year 's -RRB- . This game was a waste of my money and I strongly recommend something else .
 I tried playing this with my girlfriend . Neither of us knows anything about sports , fishing , makeup , or fasion . Each card has three questions on it . You get to pick the one you think will stump your opponent . As almost every card had a question about one of the four above topics . We never moved anywhere . When we finally struggled our way to the wildcard line , we kept getting sent back to the start . We even tried switching decks so that we were each trying to answer questions geared supposedly towards our sex . We fared no better . It maybe better with a group of people , but we so fed up that with it that we were n't about to find out . Maybe some people who shop at the Salvation Army will have better luck .
 Questions are horribly sexist -LRB- which is sort of implied by the name of the game -RRB- . The `` male '' questions are mostly about fishing or sports while the `` female '' questions are mostly about cooking , cleaning and soap operas.The idea of the game is horribly simplistic as well , just advance up the board until you win . The model of the game is -LSB- bad -RSB- as well . You advance up the board until you hit the Wild Card section where you either have to go back to start , move back three spaces or lose a turn . The only way to win the game is to keep going returning and returning and returning to the wild card section until you get a random miss a turn card -LRB- about two in the deck -RRB- after which you can miss the turn but then can advance past the wild card section.The rules are horribly written and hard to understand . Do not buy this game . Buy Cranium or Trivial Pursuit .
 We chose this game for our couples ' games night-we were hugely disappointed . Most questions were too difficult for anyone to answer . Would have been much more fun if it was multiple choice . Out of the 6 couples that played the game , we all gave it a thumbs down . Stick with Cranium and Catch Phrase .
 We really did n't enjoy this game ! I played it with my significant other and another couple . We found that the questions were even more stereotyped that we were expecting , and although the male questions could be considered somewhat up-to-date , the female questions were so out-dated it was ridiculous . Furthermore , the board movement aspect was somewhat confusing and did n't add to the game at all . We quickly gave up on the board and just read through the questions . Needless to say , the replayability of this game is pretty much nil . I definitely would not recommend this game to anyone .
 Wow i thought this game would be fun . Thumbs down on that one . This game was terrible . The females had a much eaiser time anwsering the questions the males were asking . The males however had the worst time answering the questions the females asked . Even the females didnt know the answers to some of the questions they were asking us . All in all this game was really boring and all it incited was complaints from the males because we couldnt answer ANYTHING correctly . Maybe we are just stupid ... but im sorry , the average male does not know who the first female cosmetic company was . . or what Creme Ferechashsadh -LRB- something French . . i didnt see the spelling -RRB- is ... final verdict ... DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !! TOTAL WASTE ! Stick with Cranium ... much better game ! Durability is 5 ... considering as many reviewers felt . . this will remain in the box from here on out .
 Do n't expect to learn something from this game . It takes society back about 20 steps with its stereotypical divisiveness . The questions are poorly worded . The womens ' questions are n't even interesting and the mens questions are weird -LRB- they were even stumping the men -RRB- . They were calling it rigged . Some of the people playing the game got kind of upset because they thought the questions were offensive . I mean c'mon `` What kind of nut is used to make Marzipan ? '' who cares ? Might be a good game for people 55 + , but the instructions are pretty difficult and that puts a damper on things also . I will stick with apples to apples , pictionary , catchphrase , scene it , uno , etc. . I think you would have more fun with a stick in the mud .
 This game has a great concept but its so stupid . The men will ALWAYS win because the questions they have for the women are stupid , no-brainers ... while the mens questions are actually legitimate . Last night my family and I spent an hour playing this game with the men answering questions like `` What is a small bunch of flowers put on a woman 's bodice at dances or formals ? '' Duh , its a corsage ... while us women had to answer questions like `` What is the other name used for Trinitrotoluene ? '' Um ... HUH ? Its the worst game ever . Seriously written by a man , no doubt . Ofcourse the girls team lost as usual last night .
 I bought this game and immediately played it with friends . We found the playing board to be an unnecessary waste of space and kept score instead . In about 1 1/2 hrs , we had gone through all the question/answer cards . This game is not worth the price I paid for it . You are better off buying a trivia game !
 Fun at first , but then once you enter the never-ending `` wild card '' phase of the game , you quickly get bored . The big flaw of the game is that you can not win unless you get the rare `` lose a turn '' or `` advance to end '' wild cards . The questions , as mentioned by another reviewer , are cliche - sports and fishing questions are asked to women , cooking and fashion are asked to men . Better games are Cranium or Personalitease .
 Every time we drag out this game we hope it will be better . It never is . The game has confusing gameplay and the questions are very biased . The ones the the women were suppossed to know were sterotypical as well as the mens questions . As a woman , I did n't know half of the womens questions or the men so it is about the same . It causes contention and it is n't any fun at all .
 I realize that this game is supposed to be about knowledge that one sex has and the other does n't , but why did it seem to us that all the questions for women were about clothes and make-up/perfume ? The men did n't fare much better , apparently only supposedly knowing about auto mechanics and sports . Horribly sexist game .
 I have only played this game 2 times . Both times , I found myself wishing that the end of the game was coming soon . The object is to answer questions about the opposite sex or questions that the opposite sex `` should/would know '' . I found the questions directed toward the women regarded `` mechanical '' items such as tools , auto racing , sports , etc. . All the stereotypical things that men are supposed to know . The questions asked of the men regarded more feminine themes like `` what is the best cure for run in pantyhose ? '' Maybe because I am too much of a feminist but I think the game draws gender lines that should n't be drawn . When we played , the men actually knew quite a few -LRB- more than expected -RRB- of the answers to the feminine questions and the women knew a lot of the masculine questions -LRB- which is the object of the game -RRB- . But it also started discussions of `` see , I know just as much as a man when it comes to wrenches '' and the men would state things like , `` I am embarrassed to know this but ... '' Which seemed to touch nerves off during the game . It sometimes literally felt like battle of the sexes and not a fun game . The answer to the women 's `` know how '' were sissy and uncool and the answers to the guys `` know how '' were pertinent and important . I guess I find games like Cranium , Malarky , and Pictionary more fun with big groups . You can always do a `` guys vs. girls '' with these games too . But these games do n't pick out sterotypes that should really be kept in check .
 The concept for this game is great , however , the questions that they ask are unfair and one sided . Most of the male questions -LRB- that the females must answer -RRB- are about fishing . The female questions are easier , and tend to lean more towards common sense . I would expect the male questions to involve sports , but they were all about baits , fish and the like . Not fun at all ! I would rather take the female questions and play just with those .
 I was expecting better things from this game . I hoped for funnier questions and more interaction . As it was , the game play was stunted and the instructions difficult to understand . The wild cards often ended the game only a few turns into it . The replay value is low as you read every question on ever card . Fishing seemed to dominate the male cards , and how fun a topic is that ?
 Our group of friends plays a game called `` Gender Gap '' quite often -LRB- we get together for a game night once a month -RRB- and really enjoy the game . When I say this game in a catalog I put it on my Christmas list because it seemed like it would be similar.Unfortunately after reading the rules and looking at the questions , the game is dryer than Gender Gap , and with the limited amount of questions in the game looks like one that wo n't be a favorite out of our group . Good idea for a game so still a decent game to play , but if you want one like it get Gender Gap instead
 We played the game with 3 other married couples playing as a group . Neither team was able to finish a game due to game pieces being captured by the opposing team , the questions are too difficult for most people , and the male/female cards wo n't let you advance unless you get a card which says loose a turn . Otherwise you must always go back to the beginning or back several steps . The game has too few question cards and can not be played more than a few times before all the answers would be known by the players . This game is not a keeper .
 Know this before buying the game ... . the mens ' and womens ' questions are entirely two different STYLES of questions . The questions that the women have to answer are `` object based , '' such as , `` What tool would you use to drive a nail into a piece of wood ? '' -LRB- hammer -RRB- . The questions the men have to answer are primarily random survey questions that NOBODY knows exactly , such as , `` What PERCENTAGE of women say they enjoy romantic movie comedies more than romance novels ? '' Of course the women kicked our butts with us having to answer questions like those , but we tested our theory ... We switched the questions . Men answer the men questions and women answer the women questions . We beat them worse than they had beaten us -LRB- and by a long shot -RRB- . Why ? The women could n't answer their own questions at all ... because NOBODY would know the answers . It was ridiculous . Do n't waste your money .
 Got this as an Xmas gift and really looked forward to playing . Definately more fun for a GROUP OF PEOPLE -LRB- we had 7 -RRB- . Both men and women agreed the FEMALE QUESTIONS WERE EASIER - women did n't even know half the questions they were asking the guys . Instructions were confusing . 1st game took 5 minutes to finish . 2nd game took over an hour because we were playing wrong . We burned through over half the questions in those two games -LRB- playing wrong of course -RRB- . 5 stars given for Adult Education on how to live with one another after playing .
 we , ahead this last night with friends and it was the worst ever ! the questions are stupid and it was so boring ! I was expecting funny and uncomfortable questions that would make for a great evening ... not so ! do n't waste your money !
 We played this with a large group of friends -LRB- 15 -RRB- . We did n't follow the rules , we just read the questions in turn . Keep asking men questions until they fail , then switch . One point for each right question . The group was diverse - 30 to 50 + in age . The younger players got more questions right . The older players fell into the stereo typical questions . This is really designed for an older group of adults that follow the gender rules of their society . I think the younger you are , the more you will not enjoy this game . We did have a lot of fun - but then again , we did n't follow the rules . One comment said the questions were stupid - yes , they are if you are a young adult . `` What color is the positive terminal on a car battery ? '' That was for the women and I was surprised that they got it wrong - then again the leader of their group was in her late 50 's . We switched to Catch Phrase - had a lot more fun .
 Someone gave us this game for Christmas and we were very excited to play it . It was a lot of fun the first time through . We had 6 players . The next time we picked it up to play , we realized we had already been through all the questions . This game is grossly overpriced for what it is . It should only cost $ 5 for the amount of play time you get out of it !
 I bought this game , and absolutely hate it . Everyone I 've tried to play it with hates it . The game is based on the premise that there is men-information and women-information and that the oppostite sex probably wo n't know information from the other sex . What my friends and I have found that there are many questions that no one knows the answer to , regardless of sex , and there are easier questions that everyone knows the answer to . If you are looking for a fun game , this is not it . If I could find a way to return this opened game I would n't hesitate to do so . This game -LSB- is bad -RSB- , the only reason I rated it a 4 for durability is because it will last forever because it will get no use at my house .
 I enjoy playing pretty much all board games so you will find some enjoyment out of this BUT prepared to be frustrated . All the questions the females have to answer are about sports and tools . The questions for guys are often about fashion and cooking . I do n't know a guy who does n't cook . Maybe it is just the men I know , who watch foodtv or watched VH1s fashion show , but the men always seem to know the answers . The questions are n't balanced well from male to female . Some are just so obvious that a child could get them . And many seem to be very stereotypical of the ideals of the 50s household of husband and wife . I have only played this twice with my husband and two other couples and it was the same time each time . I would recommend Scattergories instead . That is a lot of fun !
 This game is really , really , BAD ... It is . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this . It assumes that men are insensitive and women are not .
 My husband and I received this as a joint Christmas present . We love trivia-type games and thought this would be a fun twist . Wrong-a-rama ! The questions for both male and female players were either so easy that anyone should have gotten it OR so obscure that no one could get it.If you want a challenging trivia game , buy `` Wit 's End . '' The questions are difficult enough to be challenging , but not obnoxiously so . If you 're looking for a general trivia game , go for the old standard of Trivial Pursuit . Just do n't waste your money on `` Battle of the Sexes . ''
 Do not be foold thes is nothing like the Perfect Grade Strike gundam , it is mearly a High Grade model , unlike the PG Strike Gundam model it 's movement and poses are very limited and dose not featur the detail or intricacy of it 's PG counterpar , therfor i canot recomend this product to any serius Gundam model collector.I will however recomend this to any body who wish 's to give or have a nifty toy -LRB- or aquier all three of the `` Strike Packs '' -RRB- , note the `` strike packs on this kit are not compatible with the 1/60 Scale PG Strike Gundam .
 According to the description , this toy includes `` a raft that really floats '' . The raft does not float . It takes on water and sinks . Virtually none of the other components float either . The action figures and the dolphins sink . Who ever heard of sinking dolphins ? My son saved up his allowance to get these toys for his bath , and now he ca n't play with them in the bath . He 's still looking forward to playing with them as action figures , but we 're both disappointed .
 My son enjoys this toy but was very sad when within only minutes of opening the package the oar and a piece of the motor broke . He still plays with it occasionally but it was disappointing that typical use resulted in damage so quickly .
 I bought this because my girls like PLaymobil toys . This looks cute but does n't seem to be user friendly . The hats do not stay on . I was disappointed in the quality of this product . It 's way too expensive for the quality .
 Now granted I should have taken out a tape measurer and figured out the actual size of this box of puzzles before I ordered it as I am bad at spatial understanding . However , when this box of puzzles came and was so small with tiny pieces , it was useless to my 3 year old . It 's very compact and conveinient to tote around with you if you have an older child it might work out but for us it was just too small with too many little pieces to be any use to us .
 As with all of the Melissa & Doug products , the kids like them very much , but they are not well made . The paper on the front of the puzzles often is n't glued on well & therefore rips . Also the wood and cardboard on the puzzles breaks easily . These products do n't last .
 Poorly constructed from the box , which was warped so that the top was difficult to remove , to the pieces themselves , which barely fit together . Splintered as pieces were pushed together . Frustrating and not fun for parent or child .
 I usually love Melissa and Doug puzzles , but this one was missing a piece when it arrived . Also , the wood on a few pieces splintered . If not for those two issues , this would be a great toy . We have the Melissa & Doug Deluxe Zoo in a Box Jigsaw Puzzles , and our twin 1.5 year olds really like it .
 My granddaughter received this and there was a missing puzzle piece . She was very disappointed . She is only 2 years old . I am hoping this get corrected .
 The puzzle was good and the story was entertaining . The solution was a BIG disappointment . I do n't want to write a spoiler , but please do n't expect an ending that makes sense .
 Purchased two of these for my grandson , and would have purchased the entire set . Weapons did not fit hands of figures , and the hands fell out of the sockets , and , of course , they 're now missing . The figure did not even last 24 hours . Flawed design and poor construction . I wo n't purchase any more Bandai toys , and the ones I purchased for Christmas are being returned .
 We received this item as a gift for my 2 year-old daughter and I agree with the other reviews . The item seems great because of its versatility but there are so many negatives to this toy , that I would not recommend it . The wheels do n't roll - they often get stuck so my toddler has difficulty pushing it around and the engineering of converting stroller to grocery cart is flimsy and often the front tabs of the bottom basket come off the rods to just dangle to the floor and the same happens to the bottom front of the stroller - it often does n't stay put on the rods to form the stroller seat so it turns into more of a pouch than a seat . All in all , I would pass on this one - too many flaws for the versatility .
 Not too much fun and breaks too easily . My daughter uses her real umbrella stroller more I 'm just going to toss it since it 's broken : /
 I would n't buy this again . It is cute but a major pain to convert , and even when you get it converted the wheels do n't work ! They get stuck and my children get frustrated . Buy something else !
 Daughter rec 'd this for 3rd birthday and lost interest when it did n't work as supposed to , but her younger sister still uses it to push around , even as poorly designed as it is . The pink side supports that hold it up as a shopping basket broke fairly quickly after normal use . Does n't have much support for doll to sit up . The baby carrier does n't support a doll and velcro does n't stay on my daughters very well , but they still attempt to use it . We 've ended up buying a sturdier Chicco one that will last much longer . If you want a shopping basket , get the Little Tykes -LRB- or Fisher Price ? -RRB- shopping cart . At least it 'll hold up until they outgrow it and you can pass along or sell to someone else .
 Do not waste your money on this stroller . It is a real pain to but together and when you do finally get it whole the wheels do not spin very well . My daughter tries to push it but the wheel turn backwards and then do n't go anywhere . Very frustrating for her . It is basically a hunk of junk in my house . Spend the extra $ and get a better quality stroller .
 My daughter got this 2 months ago and it 's already falling apart & it 's difficult to push . I 'm shopping for a better one . Please do n't waste your money .
 Ok , I want to start this review by saying I got this kit as a gift from a friend who knew I was into Gundam and Gunpla , but did n't really know anything about the Gundam franchise itself . So as a gift I happily accepted it and then left it in a closet for a few years . Finally I decided one day to get back into the Gunpla building hobby and having not built one in over 15 years I decided to use this kit as warmup practice before moving onto more serious kits that I wanted to build right . So I did this as a completely straight build , no glue , no spray painting , minimal line detailing and brush paints which did n't turn out well.Onto the kit itself . While the mold is fairly accurate to the anime , the proportions just seem a bit off or maybe thats just the fault of the terrible mech design to begin with . Also while this is supposed to be color matched to the anime version , the color of the green on the main body is really off from the box art , line art and simply the anime itself . Articulation is alright as it incorporates a lot of newer joint technology found in HG kits from this decade , however poseability on a tabletop is limited because of the bulk and this kit predates compatibility with action base stands so you 're a bit out of luck with that as well .
 This game was a big disappointment to our family . The rules were too complicated and it took way to long to play , most of the players lost interest long before completing the game . It was only played twice .
 We spent more time reading the directions than we did playing the game . I thought it would be light , fun , way to get to know people - it caused tension .
 I have at least one murder mystery party at my house each year . In the past I have purchased the mysteries -LSB- ... -RSB- or written them myself . For Christmas , my parents gave me A Taste for Wine and Murder and I was very excited to try a new format . Because I hold these parties fairly often , my friends are familiar with how these mysteries are played and are not easily confused . We played this game with the 6 suspects and two extra characters . My primary complaints are :1 - The extra characters had very odd parts and the suspects had no response to their accusations . There were confused looks all around the table whenever those characters spoke up .2 - Characters contradicted themselves from one round to the next . For example , round one
 The recipes were so so , and ridiculously complicated , and the mystery itself was n't quite as obvious as a kick in the head , but nearly . Besides which , it was scripted , you actually had to sit there and read parts , which I thought made the whole thing a little stilted . I 've definitely done better ones -- keep shopping .
 I ordered this game for a New Years Eve party . I based my entire night around it . It started off fun , but tnere were typos and mistakes in the character booklets . Also , the directions for when to play the cd were different in the booklets and on the cd and were incorrect . It told us to play the next track after round 2 and when we did , it told us the answer and we never got to finish the game or guess . It ruined the party and took all the fun out of the game . I was extremely upset and disappointed .
 Too confusing ... not spontaneous enough ... directions interfered with the spontaneity of the evening . Would not purchase again .
 Overall the playing of the game was very enjoyable . The only real problem is with the solving of the case . Not to give anything away , but there is no way the players can actually solve this case and it is quite disappointing . We have played other versions of Murder Mystery party games and have had a better time because of the outcome .
 this game was not as much fun as the other murder mystery we have played . mostly due to lack of explicit instructions as to when to play the CD and when the players were to interview each other .
 First off , in terms of all the mystery party games I 've played , this was actually the least fun by quite a bit . We played it for a family reunion , though , and everyone still had a great time dressing up . Here are some things I wish I 'd seen in the product information :1 . First off , it 's no longer written for 6-8 players ; it 's now 8 players . The two optional characters have been `` squeezed '' into the script , so their lines are forced and do n't quite flow . Neither of the two previously optional characters had alibies for where they were on the night of the murder , so a couple people guessed them when they really would have guessed someone else had the lack of alibies not been so misleading . You might warn people ahead of time that Clare and Father Alfredo were optional previously . I was kind of upset , since I NEEDED a murder mystery for 7 people , and we wanted one of even those parts to be optional since my sister-in-law has a colicky baby she had to continually attend to . I ended up inviting a non-family friend to make up the 8 people , but I was greatly disappointed .2 . Other reviews mentioned it 's slightly scripted , but I think it 'd be more appropriate to say it 's entirely scripted . Sure , you can ask questions after the script , but EVERY secret is revealed as part of the script in one round or another , and you do n't know enough about your role to answer something the script did n't address . So what 's the point ? We got no improv because of it . It 's also confusing , as you have set responses to questions and challenges that other people must ask you , but so many people have to respond to the same challenge ... it was sort of a chaotic mess until the final round .3 . The murderer knows . The murdering family member did a good job of hiding it , but could n't really enjoy the game as much as the others who had to figure it out . Had I known the murderer knew at the beginning of the game , I would have purchased a different set .4 . The recipes were quite good , even if the more extensive menu is a LOT of work!So ... this box is okay , but there are way too many better ones out there !
 This toy has a really great idea . The problem is that it always says that they did a great job , even if they did not draw the letter or shape correctly . If the toy would tell them to try again when they got it wrong , then I would give it 4 stars .
 I was dissapointed in this toy . My daughter needs handwriting practice -LRB- age 6 -RRB- . But the toy leaves behind a lighted echo of the previous letters your child writes . After a few letters , the lines begin to blend together and the child ca n't see clearly what they 're writing anymore . After some use -LRB- a few days -RRB- , the screen begins to misread the child 's writing . It 's a wonderful idea but it needs some work . Without a `` clear '' screen free of echoes of previous letters - your child ca n't see clearly what they are writing . Which defeats the purpose of teaching them how to precisely write their letters . : -LRB- I returned ours to the store .
 I definitely paid too much for this toy . It simply does n't capture my 4 year-old 's attention . She does n't have the patience for it , though she said she wanted it . However , children do n't like every toy , and I can accept that.However , one very legitimate gripe is that it only addresses writing capital letters . How to write lower case letters ? Not even covered . For fifty + ducks -LRB- yep I spent too much -RRB- I was expecting SO much more.Also , a backlighting feature would have been nice . My daughter took this on a long road trip . She wanted to write in the car in the dark but she could n't see what she was doing .
 We received this as a gift and at first were excited about the game . Soon after beginning to play , we realized that this game was a loser.Players / teams bid 1-4 chips in a ` Name That Tune ' format , betting who can provide more answers to each category . The problem is that the categories are extremely vague , which makes it quite difficult to determine if you are going to be able to answer any of the questions . The difficulty of the questions is also quite variable , which leads to frustration with the game . You are constantly bidding high to try and move ahead , but the vague categories do not help you know whether or not you have any chance of getting the correct answers.The absolute worst question of the night -LRB- which triggered our decision to abandon the game rather early -RRB- was
 I 'm in full agreement with the previous derogatory reviews . The questions are very obscure and not challenging , just frustrating.The rules are n't clear as to whether players can shout out answers or commit to specific guesses . If two teams are playing , you 'll need an extra non-player to read the questions since both teams get a shot at the questions . Our reader got bored and frustrated trying to hear the flurry of guesses.The `` Colorforms '' labels for the betting chips were also difficult to use consistently.This game is not a bargain at any price . Stay away !
 University Games has done it again . First , Battle Of The Sexes and now another mediocre trivia game with cockamamie rules . This one even has a weird bidding system that requires you to put static cling numbers on plastic poker-style chips -LRB- losing durability points right there ... those numbers will be lost inside a week , I bet -RRB- . Maybe it 's not too late to return it ?
 How can you play a trivia game that asks you to name other games that the publisher produced ? I swear , they 've hidden commercials into the questions!Skip this game , there are many better trivia games out there . Tri Tri-Bond or Three For All .
 This game leaves a lot to be desired . The rules are vague , but that 's OK , most of us can deal with that . The vinyl bidding circles quit sticking to the plastic poker chips after the first game , but you can always just hold the number in your hand and flip it over at the appropraite time.No , despite these problems the real downfall of this game is the questions ! Maybe we did n't shuffle the cards very well , but literally every 10th question or so was `` Name < insert actor/actress name here > first four movies '' . That gets old fast , unless you are a movie buff . Then there are the slew of name memorization questions like `` Name the four oldest members of Backstreet Boys '' or `` Name the four youngest members of N'Sync '' or `` What are the first names of Vice President Al Gore 's wife and 3 daughters '' , and so on . Real useful bits of knowledge there . And then there is my personal favorite
 THIS IS NOT COOL.ESWEETIE YOU ARE WRONG . THIS IS UGLY AND DUMB.SO GO AWAY IF YOU DO N'T PLEASE.Love Blossom47
 Batman The Dark Knight Costume Belt - ChildMy child was disappointed - no working parts .
 I am not so sure but seems to me that if my daughter bites these blocks , she starts to have tiny little red dots on her face -LRB- around her mouth and her cheeks -RRB- . I now do n't give her these blocks to play anymore . I guess I will wait until she grows a bit more then throw out for her to play again . Hope she is not allergic to these blocks . FYI , my daughter skin is not sensitive at all . She has never any skin problem -LRB- rash ... -RRB- with wipes , soap , detergent , diaper ... Other toys I purchased did not cause any problem -LRB- she bites all of them though -RRB- . She was 4 months old when I gave her these blocks . She was at the stage that she liked biting everything she had in her hands . I guess I will try these blocks again when she is around 7 months old and see . But be aware that your child can be allergic to these blocks like my little princess .
 I was so excited when these arrived . The package looked great and the blocks were so cute . But as soon as I opened the plastic pouch the smell was overwhelming . These blocks have a terrible plastic/chemical smell . They really are worse than most dog toys . I tried to soak them overnight in soapy water ... but not only did the smell not diminish , but you ca n't get all of the water out of the blocks . Since they are n't bath toys I knew they would get mildew or moldy with water stuck in them , and since I wo n't give these stinky things to a baby , I tossed them . I would not reccommend these .
 I can stand the smell of this vinyl blocks , and why they make a hole in them ? Baby 's saliva will accumulate there and cause bacteria and mold development
 We were excited to find blocks that were rated 6m + instead of a few years since my 7 month old puts everything in his mouth . As soon as we took it out of the package , you could smell the PVC and even after multiple attempts of washing , it was still strong . For this reason , I think it is dangerous to give to a child that puts everything in its mouth but might be appropriate for older kids who would use it for other learning activities .
 As in all other reviews you have read , you need an additional battery pack for this to work . When I ordered this on-line from ToysR ` Us it just says two AA batteries required . -LRB- Go back to the item and look -RRB- No where does it say you are required to purchse a battery pack to go with it . I am disappointed in ToysR ` Us for their lack of information . I feel like I have been taken by Toys ` R'Us and Tyco . I will probably send this item back , as it was meant to be a Christmas gift , and now that Christmas has come and gone without my son being able to play with it , he has lost interest in it completely .
 The kids love the bikes , but as a parent who is chasing it at times to retrieve it . It needs a reverse mode -- Also batteries do n't last as long as kids would like . A good -LRB- BIG -RRB- parking lot is the best place for bike races -- no grass allowed ! Awful in the grass !
 My son got this as a gift from his Grandparents for Christmas . We finally got a battery pack after a week of waiting for it to arrive in the mail . This toy is terrible . It does not drive in the grass unless in a straight line . It 's turn radius is so large that it ca n't even turn around in the street . Basically an overpriced toy that does not perform from a company with suspect marketing techniques .
 I also purchased this item online from toys r ` us and saw no disclaimer that it required a $ 30 battery pack to work ! This sort of information should be red flagged on the description !! This was for my son for Christmas and I am online now looking to find the specific battery to make it work . My son was disappointed he had to wait to try it , but we 'll give it a go - it just better be worth all the effort !
 This product did n't come with a battery . As a person pretty adept at internet searching I STILL could n't find a battery.My kids would have had more fun taking the money I paid for this and setting the bills on fire
 The Curious George Plush ordered arrived in a timely manner , however , the condition of the plush did not meet my expectations . It came with tags , however , the tag was very dirty , the nylon fabric on the clothing was snagged , the thread connecting the hat to the monkey was broken , and the plush on the face was dirty ... just not suitable for gift giving . I returned the plush and was promptly credited . Therefore , I have no major complaints other than the condition of the plush .
 I got this for my five year old son . As ususal I took it out of the package and installed the batteries and inflated the tires so it 'd be ready to use Christmas morning.I decided to try it out myself . It goes about a foot , then tips over and stops . You pick it up , it goes about a foot then tips over and stops . I was lucky to maybe get it to move about two feet total before it tipped over and stopped.Now if you had access to a very large smooth floor , for example , a basketball court , you could get it to work . But that 's a rare instance indeed.I tried it over a variety of surfaces and simply could not get it to work . And you really ca n't use it indoors . First , it 'll tip and stop on carpeting . And if you have hard floors , it 's simply too fast . By the time you 'd get it across the floor it 'd be crashing into the other wall . Unless you had a VERY large room without any objects in it . E.g. , my basketball court example.The ads for this RC are very misleading . It would be too frustrating for any user , especially a kid . It took the one I bought back immediately.I just want to add one last comment about the fact you need to buy a separate battery . First , it 's quite clear from Amazon 's page that you need one . Second , it 's quite clear from the packaging that you need one . And third , all high-end RCs require separate batteries . High-end RCs use too much power to use regular batteries . And nearly all high-end RC enthusiasts want to have several such batteries to keep the fun going .
 After charging the battery and getting it ready to play with i was unable to get the bike to work once i did it was fun as long as you went straight but to turn you need a wide open parking lot to make the turn . when i seen this on tv i thought my son would have fun but when you need a football field to play with it that was no fun . And now i ca n't even get it to work . i will be sending this back and letting my son pick something else out
 I disagree with the review stating Amazon and Toys R'Us `` clearly '' stated you needed a seperate battery pack to make this thing work . All it said was two AA batteries . As far as how it works ??? I would n't know , on Christmas Morning I did n't have the battery pack so my son who this was for was not able to play with it . I am going to return it as I feel I was mislead by Tyco , Toys R'Us , and Amazon .
 bought this for my grandson when I recieved it found out there was no charger or main battery and the description said 2aa batteries required very misleading . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 We played this for New Year 's Eve . It was fun until we got to the end and found out who the murderer was . There was no way of finding out ourselves . It was a convoluted ending . Very disappointing . This is our 3rd year doing this and only 1 of 3 games were we able to actually figure out the murderer ourselves .
 This is my first murder mystery -LRB- as well as all of my guests first -RRB- and we had a lot of fun . We will definitely have another murder mystery but I do n't plan on buying it from the same company . As others have wrote try not to have 8 people , as it complicates the game . Maybe our group was n't paying enough attention , but people kept missing their opportunity to ask questions and their was no guide on who should ask who in an exact order . The storyline was very humorous , and as I 've said we had fun , but if you are thinking about buying this product I may try to find another one if your group can get off topic .
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 You should n't buy this game with the intention of playing it . The traditional game of war is long and tedious without the least bit of strategy to it . Players get to make no choices at all . This `` modern version '' -LRB- which actually looks like it escaped from the 1960 's -RRB- does n't correct that . Instead it adds a rule that says you swap hands -LRB- but not capture piles -RRB- at the start of each `` war '' . This adds sudden random reversals to the game , so that now , instead of one player slowly gaining ascendancy and then winning , you have victory suddenly dropping on a random player . It 's impossible to say who is winning until someone wins , and everything that happens is meaningless until the moment come when someone with hardly any cards in hand swaps with someone with hardly any cards in their capture pile . On the plus side , it is typically over faster than standard war.Maybe the idea is to demonstrate the pointlessness and stupidity of war by making the game pointless and stupid , but the original game was already adequately pointless and stupid.Of course , you can use the card deck to play any other card game that needs a standard deck -LRB- four suites of Ace through King , two jokers -RRB- . The cards are oversized and somewhat thin , edges fray easily . The sixes and nines are more than usually confusing because the corner index numbers are printed oddly . I find the face cards unattractive , but the whole package is vaguely amusing . If you want it as a novelty item , great . It could be fun for performing card tricks with . But do n't give it to anyone with kids , because their kids will want to play it with them at least a few times , which could be more than most grown ups could stand .
 This cute little guy showed us the magic when he woke up and strolled into a wall . Undeterred , he said , `` Uh , '' spun around , said `` beep '' and went the other way . We played with him for about half an hour . However the next morning , Robosapien Junior got sluggish , and repeatedly went into wake-up mode . After hearing him wakeup several times in a row , he actually begins to sound like he 's getting sick on the floor . I 've contacted the manufacturer to seek a resolution .12 / 17/2005 -- The manufacturer has agreed to replace and sent a postage paid slip to return the toy to them first . Then they 'll send the replacement .11 / 03/2007 -- The replacement works . The `` cables '' on his arms broke , but do n't interfere with his operation .
 This thing sold new for around 20.00 . I dont know how they came up with the price of 119.00 but thats bizzare.That is a smuch as a full size real Robosapien V2!Run , dont walk , away !
 I got this toy today . It is boring and it lost his head !!!!! NASA needs to make better toys . I am not getting v2 . I am getting the fly pen . It is cooler and a big save on money . After all , i have ten million dollars . thats right . see ya !
 I did n't realize the size of this stuffed animal when I got if for my 7 month old . I guess if it was a little bit smaller and not the size of him , we may be a little more fond of it . Guess we will hold on to it until he is a little older .
 Do n't be fooled . I remember buying these 20 years ago and like everything else they 're downsizing.It measures just over 12 '' and I fudged .
 This doll was not especially well made . It will hold up for a child careful with toys but certainly not for a `` rough and ready '' child . I would look further next time .
 When I first opened this toy for my son I noticed it was really light weight . It feels like hallow plastic . After about a week I noticed the paint chipping on some of the pieces , under the paint was not wood at all but particle board.Here is what wikipedia has to say about particle board : '' ... concern is with the release of formaldehyde ... a small amount of emission occurs due to decomposition of the resin . `` My son is 2 and still puts toys in his mouth . I hate the thought of him chewing on particle board made with formaldehyde.Also the toys are flat and light weight , hard to stand up and fall over easily . My son would try and play with them like a normal toy , but the pieces would just fall over like a domino affect .
 Our son purchased this sailboat in hopes of sailing it at a nearby pond . What he and I found was it tends to be unresponsive and did not have the ability to navigate the small body of water he planned to use it on . It also was found to leak therefore draining the internal batteries very quickly . Unless you would like an expensive model of a transatlantic sailboat I would not recommend this radio-controlled Sailboat .
 I bought this boat from a toy store in Washington and had it for about 3 months , in that time I sailed it maybe 4 times . The boat looks good and for the money you think your really getting a nice boat , but after the few times that I sailed her she started to become unresponsive to the Tx , and a sloshing sound was coming from inside . This would n't be a problem on a more expensive boat but this boat has no access to the internal electronics making replacement of parts and drainage impossible . In my opinion save your money and buy a slightly more expensive boat like the Nirvana II .
 I am rather disappointed that there is no Mokey doll ! Mokey was the artist , Man ! Just because they use the expression `` starving artist '' does n't mean that it 's an irrelevent role ! Mokey was a `` key '' character of the 5 lead characters . She 's the one I remembered first when I remembered the show from my childhood ! I do n't own any of the plush fraggles either , but my favorite fraggles are the following
 I never received this toy .
 The lock did not work.The diary sent did not match the image on the box.The lock shown on the box did not match the lock on the book sent.The diary does not appear to well constructed or durable.Over priced .
 This diary is a nightmare ! We made the mistake of making it a gift from Santa for our 7 year-old . Now , we have to explain why Santa would give such a lame gift . The diary , itself , is smaller than my hand . The pages were all stuck together . I actually had to separate them page by page . It looks NOTHING like the picture on the box and , most annoyingly , the lock is absolutely impossible to open . Even the directions warn you that the lock is very difficult to open with the key . We 're going straight out to buy a good old-fashioned diary . Shame on this company for promoting such a disappointing product !
 This book is not anything like what it showed on the box . I was hoping for a larger diary and the dimensions in the descriptions were mis-leading . The diary is not that large . The pages are thin like tissue paper . I plan to return this item . It 's way overpriced . I have seen better quality at the `` Everything 's a $ 1.00 '' store !
 This diary is not what it looks like on the cover , either does the pen . THey should give spare keys because I lost mine .
 If you were just dying to buy somthing you could buy this but it is not a good value and the lock does not work to well it is also very small .
 Worthless . That 's what I 'd call this toy . The problem with this toy is that the child needs to be able to color match in order to use it . And if your child can color match , he/she is probably a little too old for this toy .
 My mom bought this for Easter for my daughter who was 6 months at the time . I did n't expect her to be able to hit the balls , but when my nieces who are 7 & 9 years old tried to hit the balls through the holes - it took a lot of strength . I do n't understand why they would make a baby toy so hard for a baby to use . It 's a great concept I would suggest another toy like this from another company .
 This was a Christmas peresent for my grandson . The car worked one time and then would no longer go . It still made the vrooom noise , but would not perform as advertised . The price of the car was not worth haggling over for a new one , but I would definitely discourage the purchase of this product .
 I really like the Magna Doodle when it 's big enough . Unfortunately , this one is too dang small . We bought two of these for our kids -LRB- ages 2 and 3 -RRB- for trips . The drawing surface is a good size , and the pad pverall is easy for the kids to handle -- but the `` wiping '' action does n't clear the screen in less than 3 or 4 passes , and the action on it is sticky . As a result , most of the image remains until Mommy or Daddy can take a minute and work with the thing to get it off.The larger size does n't have this issue , by the way . I 'd recommend that one .
 OK , if I could rate this 0 stars , I would . Within a week of getting this item , we realized it counted wrong . Also as you know , kids have a tendancy to `` accidentally '' tap on things . If you tap this bank on the top , it thinks you put in more money . I wish my bank did that ... hahaha . There is basically no way to know when you have enough coins to make a roll because when you push the button to tell you the amount of each coin , it resets if you 're not extremely quick . Basically , this does not work . I even tried to return it , but since it was a gift , we have no receipt and we had already thrown the box away , so now we 're stuck with it . If you really want a bank for your kids , please do n't get this one . Your kids deserve better !
 Have had three of these machines-company sent a free one after two went dead . What happens is coins get stuck in drop tray , causing the motor to continue to spin , until the motor dies from over-heating .
 Not very inpressed . The box said it would go twenty feet but barely went one .
 I bought this for my 5 year old who LOVES to draw and color.She has only used this a few times . There are no directions - we do n't know what some of the contents are to be used for . She gets too frustrated and so do I. I would not recomend this to anyone .
 I just received this product , it is for my 6-1/2 year old niece for Christmas . Very disappointed , she loves to color and trace , there are not any instructions , there is nothing to trace , the examples of clothing they show to trace would be too small , to fit up to the drawn doll on paper . I spent $ 23.00 on this item and am too embarrassed to give it to her for Christmas , $ 23.00 would buy a lot of markers , tracing books , paper , or even paper dolls ! One could make their own fashion studio ! for a lot less , the only cool thing about this item is the binder it comes in , What a waste of money !!
 Your four year old should be able to `` get it '' in one play . After that , there 's not much to learn .
 When I recieved the item , we were absolutely excited to get it put up . Our first problem was getting the poles to stand erect - they DID NOT want to stand up straight , they liked laying on the ground . Second , one of the ropes for the item was A FEW FEET shorter than the other rope ! Trying to make a ring with it , you had about a 3x3 square to box in - not exactly ideal.We really never got to play in it the way you 're supposed to . We ended up digging holes in the ground , erecting our own ring out of old wood and old rope , and just use the inflatable gloves for boxing matches with the kids -LRB- even the gloves are pretty poor quality , there 's no real good way for them to stay on your hands -RRB- . If I had known I 'd have to do all this , I would have saved myself the $ 20 + on the crappy inflatable ring . The fact that the inflatables are durable is about the only good thing I have to say.I do not recommend this product , unless you like things that are a pain in the a ** .
 I had purchased this item for my small nephews . Not only was it cumbersome to set up , but we -LRB- adults -RRB- had difficulty making the ring posts remain upright . No matter what we did to them , they leaned . I do n't know . Maybe we should 've tried water , instead of air and sand.The children did n't seem too interested . They only wanted to pick up the posts and bop each other over the heads with them , or box the posts , or intentionally get tangled in the ropes and spin around in them . This might be a good item for a teen 's room , or maybe at a party for adults . Save your money if you plan on purchasing it for anyone under 16 . I 've had it for at least five years , though , and it 's very durable . I ended up giving it away , however , because the children simply lost interest in it after the first day .
 The pegs on the bottom of the animals break easily , the gears seem a little stronger but I am disappointed .
 All of these negative reviews should tell you something ! I wish I had bought this at Amazon , so I could 've seen these reviews first . They are all correct . There is NO 3D effect at all . In fact , wearing the glasses is a viewing obstruction . We could see the pictures better without them . Also , I do n't know if it was my imagination or my frustration , but it seemed that wearing the glasses actually gave me a headache ! This would be a much better product if they did n't bother to try to make the images 3D . I too have been looking for slides that will fit into this projector . It would n't be bad with plain 2D images .
 This projector is just what everyone above has been saying ... useless ... Do not go and buy it !! I give it `` 0 '' stars . The negatives are very hard to make out . I could n't tell if I was looking at Earth or Venus .
 I agree with the other reviews . My son got this as a Christmas present , and was more interested in the big flashlight aspect of it than the slides . The slides are completely blurry , and there is no 3D effect . I am trying to find other non-3D slides that fit the projector , though , and would like to hear from anyone who might have found some -LRB- johncpratt@yahoo.com -RRB- . If available , they would greatly improve the usefulness of the projector . Otherwise , skip it .
 I ca n't believe that they actually put the word 3-D on the box of this thing . How dare they advertise this as a fun and usefull learning experience . I wish I had read the reviews before I bought it . There is absolutely NO 3D value to this at all . They should have just made it plain 2D and then it would have been cool .
 We received this as a gift . It is WORTHLESS . There is little or no 3-D effect . The slides are of little interest .
 No 3D effect at all , it would have been far better if the images were not 3D and there were no 3D glasses . My kids were fascinated by the atmosphere and the audio comment but images are impossible to look at .
 The slides are awful and repetitive.My son had to keep asking me what they were pictures of ... and I could n't even answer him.I think the only thing he liked was when I turned the unit on without any slides and the light projected onto the ceiling.He thought that looked more like a moon that the acual slide did.Huge disappointment !!! And the base of the unit is worthless .
 Buyer beware - the item pictured is for an older 52 piece version , NOT the 55 piece version which is being sold here through Amazon . Personally , I find the newer version much less attractive and as such I am returning the item .
 interesting . looks cool . but not all that exciting . i think i should have gotten the one that you can build into towers . much more interactive .
 They were really fun for a month and then the pegs on the white pieces that snap the gears into the boards starting breaking off . : -LRB-
 I bought this for my 4 yr old grandson and I am very , very disappointed in this item . The parts are very difficult for an adult to assemble and virtually impossible for a child to enjoy alone . The box did not contain any instructions to help in the management of the activity . By the time an adult gets any of the parts together so the child can see the gears interact , any child will have lost interest .
 I got this because my 4-year-old loves gears . My kids have the Playschool Busy Gears and love them . I thought this would be a more advanced version of that for her to play with . I do n't like this toy though because it is really difficult to put together . My daughter likes to turn the gears with the handle , but an adult always has to build it for her . Other kids I have seen play with this toy have a lot of trouble too . It looks cool but is n't a practical choice for a kid . The base is really hard to put together because not all of the pieces will interlock with each other . The pegs that hold the gears onto the base are also very hard to put on .
 This toy looks like fun but is very frustrating for the kids with whom I work . First it requires that you put the base together which is quite difficult for little hands . Then you have to put the gears on the top and that requires advanced planning that is far too advanced for little ones until they are well into elementary school . I presented it to several different kids of different ages and stages and it was not something that any asked to try again .
 Child almost 3 , does not hold her interest at all The bottom puzzle like pieces come apart as the gears spin .
 The description of this toy is 15 '' and the picture is different than the Disney store one which I could of bought for $ 16.50 from their store . This not what I received ; I received exactly what the Disney store sells and has their tag on it . In short I paid almost 3x what this toy is worth for something that is not what it looks like in the pictures , and is 12 '' , not 15 '' . The toy itself looks fine for a child , so I have no complaints there but I am annoyed by the misleading of what is being sold . If I wanted a Disney item I would have bought from them , I wanted something softer for the child.Caution when buying from this seller .
 I bought this safe for my 9 year-old daughters to keep their money in . I was a little disappointed with this product because it is really hard to turn the knob on the lock around to the correct numbers . My girls could n't do it at all and I could barely do it . So that kind of took some of the fun out of it for them . Then once it is opened , it is really hard to get closed and then of course its hard to turn the knob to lock it . So if I had to do it over again , I probably would have gone with something else .
 I purchased this item for my seven year old niece . I gave it one star because it is just so darn cute . After receiving through a catalog purchase , I returned it due to lack of quality . The door did n't quite close right -LRB- seemed like you could pry it open if you tried -RRB- and the knob was not smooth to turn -LRB- felt like metal was rubbing on metal -RRB- . I did n't want to give a perceived `` cheap gift '' . I am shopping for something better made for the money .
 My daughter -LRB- 6yr -RRB- loved having her own safe but she can not open herself which caused a lot of frustration . The knob is difficult to turn even for adult . . does n't spin easily . She also had a hard time grasping the `` code '' -LRB- turn right to # , turn left past first # to second # -RRB- . I think I would have waited until she was a little older for this particular safe , or found one with a simpler combination lock .
 This little safe has pretty much been a bummer . It was a christmas present , so a little time elapsed before we opened it . We should have sent it back right away . The lock and door do not work at all ! That was the whole point for us . I will not buy a product like this on line ever again .
 I would be careful buying this product . Just as the other review says , the locking mechanism is not made properly . My 8 year old daughter can not turn the lock and I can barely turn it . Amazon was then out of the product for well past the return dates thus not allowing us to exchange it . -LRB- My daughter received it for Christmas and did n't want to just `` return '' it . -RRB- Here is the problem . The locking mechanism has to slide behind two metal slots . When the door is shut , the locking mechanism is forced into these two slots , thus causing the door to be shut tight and the door to be locked . However , as the locking mechanism is fitted so tightly , you can not turn the outside lock as the door is forcing it into the thin metal slots , thus not allowing an easy turn of the outside combination lock.Lock Lubrication will not aid this as it is a matter of the door trying to spring open , thus causing the locking mechanism to be pushing up against the metal slots not allowing for an easy turn of the combination lock . When taking the lock apart to see if it was the combination lock , one quickly finds out that it is not the combination lock , but how the safe was designed . The combination lock spins freely in the open position . However , when closed and locked , it is pulled so tightly up against the locking slots that the outside combination lock now can not spin.Schylling certainly knows this as anyone testing these safes would have encountered the same problem . Once again , it is a faulty design that is causing the locks not to work and not the actual combination lock as one would assume . I would not buy this product .
 The spider on the spring was not glued on when i opened it . But what can you expect for $ 1.50 . Maybe a 5 year old would think its funny , thats about it . Very cheap !!!!! Sorry Magic Mirror
 From the title of this product , I thought it would jump out like the snake in the can of nuts gag toy , but it does n't . The spider is on top of a spring and wobbles back and forth once the lid is opened.Cute toy , but I would n't purchase another one , nor recommend this one as a gag gift .
 The mirror opens up and a spider moves about a centimeter closer to your face from the bottom of the box , i tried stretching the spring to see if it would reach farther , but then trying to put the stupid thing back in the mirror case was a huge hassle and took me about 5 minutes to do it . even after it is back in there if you dont open the box fast enough the spring comes out first and the spider just sits there as if it is glued to the top of the box because of the material the spider is made out of , some type of slick rubber that looks as if it has been polished . I am a huge gag gift buyer so i have gotten people with all kinds of gag gifts from amazon such as the shock stapler , the shock mouse , the shock pen , and the shocking flashlight -LRB- which i highly recommend , it actually lights up -RRB- , and the snake in the peanut can , and also the shocking digital camera , any of these would be better than this lame toy that doesnt even work , happy hunting to those who want anything else ! message me if you want any good ideas !
 Do n't expect the spider to jump out at you or some unexpectent person . The spider is attached to a flimsy spring and your lucky if comes out 1 1/2 . The spring was bent from being in the compact so when you opened it slowly springs to the side . If they define this as `` Jump '' then I get to call it something else ... `` The Run Away Spider Compact '' . Run Away before you waste your money .
 This is a dangerous toy . Very heavy and hard could easily hurt someone . Also I wonder if it could damage my liner or outside support.I have bought lots of dive toys that are safe , more colorful , and alot less worry .
 My 2 year old niece LOVED this when I got it for her , but the pieces do n't stick AT ALL !! We 've tried everything thinking we were doing something wrong , but nope . She still likes to play with it but it completely misses the point of colorforms ...
 We just opened up this toy for our granddaughter who 's 3 . She was so excited to play with it but the colorforms do n't stick AT ALL . Very disappointing .
 I had colorforms when I was a kid back in the 60s , and I thought it would be perfect for my three-year-old . Unfortunately , the stickers did n't stick -- not at all.My wife and I thought this was a fluke and bought a different Colorforms -- Dora the Explorer -- and the pieces in that box also did n't stick.How does the maker of Colorforms -- University Games Corporation -- stay in business ?
 I 'm so disapointed in this set . The pieces , once removed from the white page , do n't stick on the picture , nor do they stick back on the white sheet . My 3 yr old granddaughter enjoyed it for awhile , but soon lost interest when she could n't get the clothing to stay on the picture .
 I bought this for my 18-month-old , but I wo n't bother trying to write whether or not she had fun with it or if it was age-appropriate ... because the toy simply did n't work . And I think this is my first negative review on Amazon ! The `` clings '' did n't cling at all . At . All . In fact , within 6 weeks they had curled up and yellowed a bit . Now , I live on the east coast , not arid Arizona , so I do n't know what the problem is , but it seems like cheap manufacturing . At any rate , early on we tried licking the clings to get them to stick to the scene , and that sort of worked , but soon they were too curled and non-sticky for even that to be a possibility . What a waste of money , and so frustrating for my eager toddler . For a MUCH better , similar toy , buy the Melissa & Doug reusable sticker padMelissa & Doug Reusable Sticker Pad Bundle -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- ... it 's actually reusable and comes with multiple scenes and a LOT of cling stickers .
 I agree with others ! I loved this toy when I saw it . My granddaughter loved it the first day we played with it . After that it really DID N'T STICK AT ALL and there was no way to get it back . I remember playing with my colorforms for a whole year and never having trouble . Terrific idea-Horrible execution .
 I had colorforms when I was little and I loved it . While the concept is the same , they must have changed the product , because it does n't stick like it used to . My 3 year old really enjoyed playing with the toy , but would get very upset that the outfits would just fall off . I also was getting annoyed because I kept finding pieces all over my house . I ended up throwing the whole thing away .
 I echo many of the people reviewing this item in that the pieces DO N'T stick . My two-and-a-half year old twins still like it and will play with it , but the pieces do n't stick at all .
 I bought this thinking it would be a travel toy for visits to Nana/Papa , etc. . It does n't work for that as it is 12 '' x 12 '' and so does not fit in any travel bag , and the colorforms do not stick at all . As a result , they fall out of the box pretty easily and you certainly ca n't play in the car . They also move around when bumped , so they do n't stay put very well on the picture . After a few times of playing with this , the colors started to come off the stickers a bit , did not seem very durable.That said my 2 1/2 year old daughter enjoyed playing this , and it was good for talking about what to wear on different weather days . Lasted longer than the average sticker chart , but did not live up to my memory of colorforms .
 I bought this for my niece since I remember LOVING colorforms when I was little . I was really disppointed when she tried to use it . None of the pieces really stuck to the background . I am sure she did n't mind so much but I would imagine it will be a headache picking up all the `` stickers '' for her mom .
 My child received this as a gift from her Grandmother . She had great fun with it , but unfortunately after the first week , the pieces no longer stick to the board . Now we have a million pieces all over the house , and we can no longer dress Miss Weather because her clothes and accessories fall right off ! I would not purchase this again just because of that . I guess I 'll throw it in the trash at this point .
 It 's nice , but would have liked a few more outfits , more colorforms for my granddaughter to play with in the set .
 Great idea but does not stick and the small pieces are easy to lose . I tried cleaning the pieces per the directions but that did not solve the proplem . I 'm very disspaointed .
 The Miss Weather colorforms are very colorful and the concept is ideal for younger children . The child picks the outfits to fit the season . Our problem was the decals would not stick from day one . Colorforms are supposed to stay on the board until removed . These would not even lay down . I really should have sent it back , but we made do for the one time she played it . I was very disappointed , my son had colorforms when he was young 15 years ago and they always stuck and stayed in place .
 Lets start by saying that this item is over-priced . Miss Weather is very limited . How much better if there were
 In retrospect , I 'm amazed that the little pieces even stuck to the paper they came on . They never stuck on the board . It 's a cute idea , but this product is mostly worthless and very disappointing .
 the plactic pieces do not stand their strength long enough so i had to buy another one at $ 11.00 . rip off .
 This would have a good toy if it were n't for the dizzying amount of color . The actual board is so loaded with primary colors that it is hard to imagine a young mind getting a perspective on where to put the colorforms . A broader , cleaner white background would have improved this item a great deal . In this case , less would have been more .
 I was SO excited to purchase this for my daughter as I have many fond memories of my old Holly Hobby colorforms . What a disappointment to give them to her and discover that they do n't stick . At all . We tried dampening them with a rag and that did n't work either . I would love if Colorforms could make the old version that actually works .
 I bought this for my daughter even after reading all the other reviews that said t he pieces do n't stick . I figures if they did n't stick well she could use it on the window . Within a day of getting it the pieces do n't stick anymore . I even cleaned everything with water like they suggested but it did n't help . My daughter loves this toy but the pieces keep winding up all over the floor since they do n't stay in place . She ca n't really use it on the window because the girl is not a piece so she ca n't dress anything up . The colorforms I had when I was little were great . These are terrible . Cute idea , but poor quality .
 My two year old loves the idea of this toy - the clothes for different weather , the colors , the teddy bear - but is very quickly frustrated , as they do n't stick at all . Not even fresh out of the box . So , every time she tries to add a new peice on , another one is so easily pushed out of place . I was very disappointed with this toy , and with the new colorforms .
 This was bought for my cousin 's son . He loved it . The pieces are very small and are easy to loose .
 I played with this in a local store , and beat it quite soundly - and I am * not * a strong checkers player . It might be strong enough to play against a kid , though . And the packaging was definitely nice and compact ; contrary to the above review , I had no trouble seeing the screen .
 This item is not compatible with other Thomas the Tank Engine wooden components . This information is not obvious from the website .
 I purchased this for my daughter as well as my niece . It was a total waste of money . The wax was difficult to use and most of it cracked . As an adult , it was difficult to work with the wax . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 We purchased this for our 5 yr old daughter for christams . It was not easy for her to do . The wax was not easy to use ... and did not stick together very well at all . I would not recomed it at all !!
 I bought this for my 10 year old daughter who is quite creative . These candles looked terrible when she completed the project . What a waste of money .
 I BOUGHT MY 3 YEAR OLD GRANDDAUGHTER A VIEW MASTER FOR CHRISTMAS , SO FAR I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO FIND ANY REEL CARDS FOR HER TO LOOK AT , OTHER THAN THE ONE THAT CAME WITH IT . HOW MUCH FUN IS THAT ? I HAVE BEEN ON THE INTERNET TRING TO FIND SOME , AND SO FAR THAT HAS LED TO NOTHING EITHER . GUESS MY GRANDBABY WONT KNOW IF IT FUN OR NOT , WILL SHE ? UNABLE TO RATE ITEM DUE TO UNABLE TO FIND PRODUCT . FUN EDUCATIONAL , DURABILITY , WHO KNOWS .
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 A family member has this pump and rocket balloons . Hers works great and our kids loved trying to catch the balloons . I ordered it and got a bad set . The pump is hard to use . Kids want to blow up the balloons themselves , but have to get help . We also had a lot of balloons that had to be thrown away because of holes or popped while blowing up . I 'm hoping the replacement pack of balloons I bought from another vendor are better . If you can find a balloon pump at a store , get that so if it is hard to use you can at least exchange or return it . I found one at a Family Dollar or Dollar General discount store for around $ 4.00 in the party supplies . Overall it 's fun if you are lucky to get a good pump and decent balloons .
 We have used this product before , and had great fun . However , out of the whole bag of balloons , not more than 3 could be used more than once ! I will go back to getting them from Target .
 This was purchased as a Christmas present for my 7 year old daughter . I also thought she could use it to blow up balloons to make balloon animals . We enjoyed the rocket balloons on Christmas day and a few other times . It said you could use them over and over , well , we had several pop just from pumping them up and we were not over filling them at all . The pump came in handy for balloon animals until it broke yesterday . My children are not rough with toys at all . This was just poorly made plastic junk . I will try for a refund , but who knows . It did do it 's job well for a few days use .
 Thank you for asking about my opinion . We used this product today for a science experiment demonstrating The laws of Newton . The bad part was that we demonstrated other laws by explaining the noise created when the balloons burst . Not many of the balloons lasted for a repeat launch in fact 75 % of the balloons burst when initially inflated . This poor performance of the balloons greatly subtracted from the fun we usually have with these kind of balloons . I have used balloons like this before and the kids had a riot . Not this time . I hope that when I order replacement balloons that there will be a better effort to control quality.Good product but poor quality.Thanks again for asking .
 The price for the pump and balloons was good compared to the toy store , but the quality of the balloons was horrible . Some were already apart before we even tried to use them , and most popped with one launch .
 I cam across this toy at my nephews birthday party . It totally captivated 11 adults . So , I purchased on myself , telling myself that it was for when the nephews came to our house , but really knowing it was for me!The first few balloons were fine . Then I discovered that at least half of the balloons had holes in them in a spot that caused them to be useless . No , I am not going to buy more balloons as I am not going to throw good money after bad . Thankfully with an Amazon gift card , I only paid $ 0.98 for the toy , otherwise it would have gone straight back .
 I am a stand up comedian and use the pop up tie as a gag . It works okay , but had to be modified to make it work properly . Also the ad is misleading in that you do have to pull a string to operate it .
 This is our 3rd game by Cranium and we 're just as impressed with it as we are the other two -LRB- Caraboo and Hulabaloo -RRB- . My 2 sons received this for Christmas -LRB- 4 & 6 -RRB- and we played it last night - great design - love the box that makes storing the pieces easy . As far as the small pieces go - put 'em in a ziploc baggie and you 're all set . There were a lot of giggles going round as we tried each `` station '' out . This is a great game to give as a gift or buy for your own family .
 We bought this for our daughters , ages 8 and 6 . Once you 've played it a couple times , then fun seems to disappear . There are 4 `` challenges '' that get old quickly . There is not enough variety . In Cranium Cadoo , the puzzles/clues keep changing so the game reamins challenging and fun.The games involves almost nothing in the way of creativity or educational value . There are six words that you try to spell in letter lake , that 's it . The rest is rolling some picture dice , tyring to flip frogs into a `` bucket '' and spinning wheels to make a picture.Yes , some kids will still find it fun , but our daughters seem to prefer the other games they got for Christmas better - Sorry Card Revenge , Mastermind , and the Blink Card Game among others.The scoring system of collecting baloons is a fun idea , but inserting the tiny balloons into the little game pieces is very difficult for adults , and even more frustrating for kids.I guess I was most disappointed by the fact that the other Cranium games are excellent , and this game aims to capitalize on the thier great reputation . They may have succeeded in selling lots of the games , but they did not come close to matching the creativity and fun of the other Cranium games .
 The old tallgeese kit is showing its age . The newer HG kits are vastly superior and master grade blows the 1/100 scale away . We need to demand a mastergrade tallgeese from bandai.Good features : Its every tallgeese from the show and movie . tallgeese 1 , 2 and 3 . Comes with the parts to build any of them.The engine gimmick is nice.Bad : Poor joints . All weapons have weight issues . Two polycap joints are easy to pull out . Not even a flight stand holds this badboy together without paint to tighten the joints .
 This mirror has a ridiculous amount of distortion -- it 's like fun house mirror . I hardly expect it to be like a glass mirror , but this is really low-quality . And it came scratched and clouded in the middle . I 've been underwhelmed by Alex products in the past , and wo n't be buying any more of them .
 We needed more bath toys for my son , and requested this for his birthday . He loved it ... until we tried to stick it to the tub . It simply does n't stick ! Our tub walls are completely smooth ... no tiles or grout . Everything sticks to them nicely - except this product . Also , it 's quite small . Makes a decent mirror for an infant to play with on the floor , but not for the task it 's designed to do .
 Does n't stick to our tiles walls , even when wet . Got it so my 7 year old can see herself with funny hair when she gets shampooed , but it 's too small to see much . I do like that it 's cute and safe .
 It was very hard to get it to stick in the tub . Even I got it stick , it will non stop coming out .
 The only reason I bought this was because I saw it for a reduced price and thought it might be a fun game to play with some of my movie trivia loving friends . Well ... after playing this game , I can understand WHY it was at a reduced price ... this is one of the most frustrating board games I 've ever played.The game -LRB- or at least the version I own -RRB- comes with 4 player tokens , an interactive DVD , one six sided dice -LRB- with only three numbers on it , by the way -RRB- , a rule sheet and a game board . The game board has about 29 spaces on it , though it feels like twice that , since I 've never made it to the end . Why ? Because the questions are TOUGH ! And some of the movies they ask questions about ... how many people have actually seen these movies and have all the scenes and dialogue memorized?The version I own has 8 categories
 Hi , anyone who is thinking on buying this game , do n't bother to . Unless you are into the old type of films made by this studio . It was a birthday present for me and i was quite excited about it until i realised all it was just films that were made quite a while ago . the game is quite good if you like the type has described . This description is just my opinion but it is just a saying to tell you instead of wasting your money on . I only doubt the game partly aswell because it wase n't long enough . If you are a genius at these types of movies then you will pretty sure get around the board quite quickly . I have seen scene it and i have not had it yet but it seems better for any new or old movie .
 I do n't know who MGM thought that this game was for , but it is not a game for the masses . I consider myself to be pretty knowledgeable in movie trivia compared to the average person . Not only did I not know half the movies , but some of the questions were so hard that the game is near impossible . The object of the game is to be the first to anwser enough questions correctly to go around the board and get to the end . After an hour of play the two friends and I that were playing gave up since we only were maybe a 1/4 of the way around -LRB- and we were helping eachother out with the anwsers and the game gave us a few ` move forward 3 spaces ' ! -RRB- and having zero fun.A list of the movies that came up during our game : The PartyCyborgThe Great EscapeMen at WorkThunderbolt and LightfootAgent Cody BanksA Guy ThingThe French Lieutenant 's WomanPork Chop HillTank GirlThe Holcroft CovenantTo Live and Die in L.A.The Prince and the PassionMosquito SquadronDr . Phibes Rises Again!Sunday Bloody SundayWild OrchidGetting Even With DadNot exactly a list of great movies or even anything reasonably new . The pieces that came with the game are just a black and white cut out that and seemed pretty cheap to me . I gave this game 3 stars for education , just because nearly all the anwsers were a learning experience for me.Final verdit
 this game was horrible ! Very boring ! The dvd keeps replaying the same scenes over and over before you even get through the game . It was the worst movie we 've ever played . DO N'T waste your money !!!
 I have to agree with everyone else on this game it 's really terrible ! Which is sad because it 's basic playing rules are well thought out . The movies they except you to know are just crazy . Buy `` Scene It '' instead .
 This is the worst movie trivia game ever . I realize this game has already been pretty much panned in these reviews but I have something to add . I got news for you ... being older and knowing a lot about old `` classic '' movies WILL NOT help you here . MGM is a great studio and has made some of the best movies of all time . Come on ... this is the studio who had under contract the likes of Katherine Hepburn , Spencer Tracey , Judy Garland , Humphrey Bogart , Fred Astaire , Clark Gable , Elizabeth Taylor , and on and on . But are there questions about these great stars and their films in this game ? Nooooo ! Instead you get obscure ` B '' movie references . Movies that no one has ever heard of , let alone could quote lines from.This game had great potential , especially as a classic movie game . It 's like the developers were sitting around a conference table one day and some idiot said `` You know what ? Forget `` Gone With the Wind '' and `` The Wizard of Oz '' . Forget about `` An American in Paris '' . Who needs `` Wuthering Heights '' or `` Casa Blanca '' ? Let 's have questions about `` Tank Girl '' . Yeah that 's the ticket . `` This game is unbeleivably frustrating . It 's possible that the glaring absence of MGM 's geatest movies from this game is due to the fact that Ted Turner bought the rights to the entire library a few years ago . MGM may no longer have license to use them . That would be their only excuse for this shipwreck of a game .
 This is a complete travesty . MGM have the audacity to believe that their studio makes films so powerful that they stay in the memory.Fair enough assumption you may think . The reality is a horrible hotch-potch of films that no-one has ever watched all the way through and consequently a dull waste of money.It even has the brass neck to ask you to complete lines from films . Fine . Except the chances of knowing are remote in the extreme . If a good barometer of a family game is fun then this scores a fat zero.This is terrible . Shameful cashing in on a name ...
 After opening the DVD case 1 time , it broke . During the 2nd game , we were already getting repeat questions from the 1st game . Plus most of the movies were obsure old titles that we had NEVER heard of or seen . This game was not very fun at all . I am taking it back and buying Scene It .
 The obscurity of the movies has been well-covered by all the other reviewers and I completely agree . They were mostly forgettable or obscure with a `` cult classic '' thrown in from time to time . Initially , however , the obscurity was my favorite part of this game . I was glad to try to answer questions about `` Robocop '' and `` Tank Girl '' instead of the usual `` Gone With the Wind '' and `` Dr. Zhivago , '' but I could n't . The questions were about forgotten `` famous lines '' and nameless `` starlets . '' The instructions seemed like they were translated -LRB- poorly -RRB- from a dead language . The DVD `` menu '' was time consuming and awkward -LRB- and painfully necessary with every turn -RRB- . The board and pieces were cheep and unimaginative , and the die had only three sides . But that is two sides too many if I were going to review this game with a roll of the die .
 This game says that it is for ages 13 + . It makes reference to the same old movies over and over again . It 's going back to Toys R Us , because this toy is NOT us!This is the most disappointing game I 've ever played .
 You will not enjoy this game unless you are a conniseur of old movies ... make that old `` MGM '' movies . Actually , this game is so boring I do n't think anyone at all would have fun with it . Save your money or put it towards one of the other DVD movie games !
 I am a huge movie enthusist , long-time subscriber of Entertainment Weekly and Premiere , and all-around movie buff . This game was ridiculously impossible even by my standards ! Sample questions
 I bought this toy for my toddler who loves Spiderman . When I bought the product , the dimensions of the toy were not given -LRB- the weight was , but how helpful is that in judging size ? -RRB- . I ended up buying the toy for $ 9.95 plus $ 4.95 shipping , and was shocked when it arrived . It 's smaller than an action figure -LRB- slightly larger than a Little People figure -RRB- . It was definitely NOT worth the price !
 Overall , I ordered this as my first Gundam model kit . Here 's my review as a hobbyist.The pictures of the model you get are very nice and show very good craftsmanship , but the amount of effort required to even get similar results is too much . Some parts are loose and one instance is that the upper arm piece did not fit the elbow joint in the forearm , the opening is too big so the arm simply falls out . The model is n't the same colors as the display pictures or box art , so you need to do some painting , a LOT of it . The model requires a lot of touch up , and you should n't use the stickers , unless you just want to build the model , just for the sake of putting it together . Again in my cast the model wo n't even be complete unless I glue the arm in , or do some extensive fixes . Again that is just in my case.The model is n't `` High Grade '' it 's more of a `` Meh Grade '' .
 colors are off so it need a fair deal of paint , falls apart easily , looks stupid when finished and is n't worthy of the name Heavyarms Custom . NOT WORTH THE PRICE
 The reviewer below me was WRONG ! Barbie has been around for 43 years and she has more stuff . Also , Barbie beats Bratz . Bratz are no match for Barbie.BARBIE DECLARES VICTORY !
 The product is not worth the price for something made of styrofoam . The product broke within the first five minutes of use . What a waste of money .
 HEY!It IS I , -LRB- again !?! -RRB- First let me say I own a FEW versions of this toy-line , along with other different variations and other versions . I grew up watching the cartoon series as a child , `` BUT '' I have to say I am kind of disappointed . First of all the `` EXTRA HEAVY VERSION '' is NOT what this is at all , I assumed that this item would be a METAL DIE-CAST -LRB- hence'EXTRA HEAVY VERS . -RRB- of some sort , this item is a BUILD-IT YOURSELF and it 's made out of hard plastic/rubber that you have to break apart and piece together , also some parts you have to use a screwdriver to piece together . Once put together these parts tend to fall-off somewhat easily , which sucks when you have keep picking it up and putting back together . The box is nicely decorated , and the robot is nice once put together , `` BUT '' again the item inside is deceiving of which is being described on the box . I WISH this piece would of been made of DIE-CAST METAL -LRB- or something -RRB- , because it really would of been a `` NICE PIECE ... TOO BAD ''
 these do n't fit well in anyone 's mouth and nobody really liked them . they were in the garbage just a few minutes after trying them . Even the kids thought they were stupid
 quite a rip off , i do must say . I mean they are plastic teeth that are cheap . I do n't think anyone could wear these but for s couple hours even if their life depended on it .
 waste of money -- not worth the bucks spent -- save your dough to spend elsewhere and on other use
 These teeth look like a lot of fun but they are made of material that is so stiff and hard that it hurt my gums to have them in place for more than a few minutes . And they 're large enough that it was difficult to get my lips around them to make them look somewhat believable . Bummer as they could have been used on so many different occasions for costumes and jokes .
 this product is too rough for anyone 's mouth , i got it to go with a costune and to share the rest with kids around the block just to play with but the plastic they use is really hard and not comfortable . i should have tried to return it or something it was honestly a waste of money i could have gotten better at the dollar store
 The multicolor title means that the colors represent all the skin tones , from pink to brown and in between . I had not understood that at all when I orders this paint ...
 I agree with previous reviewer that it come with missing piece and this is very unethical of seller . I am also amazed how amazon do not control such faked advertisment
 They just took 8 crayons from their large box of crayons and called them `` multicultural . '' But only 4 would make any sense to use when coloring people - 2 browns and 2 peaches . And it does n't have colors that are validating for very brown children . Fine if your children prefer to color mostly peach to light brown people . Which I think is limiting for all children . The others are redish and yellowish !?! But this is a trip - they actually include the real colors of black and white !!! What ! I had to look twice to believe it . What do they expect children to do with these when coloring people ? Although there are beautiful skin tones that come close , there are no actual people on earth who are these 2 crayon colors . It 's as if whoever worked at Crayola on this project did n't care . I recommend the Multicultural Markers instead . All of them reflect actual shades of real people , and are validating for children from darkest brown to palest peach .
 Disclaimer
 Wears through batteries super-fast , glitches and fails to operate . After just a few battery changes , the springs in the battery compartment snap off .
 This was a disappointment . It had been used before and the glue was all dried up.I have learned not to buy used things from Amazon . I do n't know why Amazon has it listed on this review asa toy . It is a product used to protect ballet pointe shoes and extend their use .
 Something stinks . Why does Hasbro have the Spidey 3 license ? Toy Biz has handled the Spidey movie toys since the first film and they 've made fantastic figures . Now Hasbro somehow got their awful mitts on it and have churned out these TERRIBLE figures . This `` super-articulated '' Spidey is nowhere near as articulated as its Spidey 1 and 2 predecessors . It lacks joints all over the place and is an inch and a half smaller than the previous movie figures . Do n't waste your money on any of these Spidey 3 figures . Hopefully someone will make better figures than these .
 I would n't wish this elephant upon my worst enemy . He smells funny , and I 'm pretty sure he winked at me the other day . It was a completely unwelcome wink , and after I felt oddly taken advantage of . Do yourself and your loved ones a favor and stay far away from this odd-smelling , creepy-winking elephant .
 One of my boys really likes tornadoes , so I thought he 'd really like this . He liked it , but we can rarely make it looks like a twister .
 The toy does what it says it should do . But the `` tornado '' does n't last for more than 3 seconds . Not much fun . I would not purchase it again .
 This was cool once . And not that cool even then . Not sure what I was expecting but this is pretty cheesy
 Well , what ya see is what you get . Sounded a little more &#34; exciting &#34; from the description . It 's nothing . Just a little smaller than your hand . You shake it , spin it , the water twirls around . WoW . No reason to buy this . Does n't impress even a very young child .
 We have two of these . The one from Cracker Barrel works awesome . This brand does n't tornado like it should . Pass on it .
 This is a small thing that I can shake and twirl to make the water inside spin around , and it shapes into a tornado . No extra packaging or instructions comes with it , so it 's just a small thing with water inside . I hoped I could learn more about tornadoes , and thought it was self propelled or somewhat standing for itself , except it is all in your own shaking and twirling it , but in the end it is somewhat nice to have even though its use is minimal , much like a pet rock .
 First off , this thing is TINY . I was expecting something at least as big as a 20 oz soda bottle , preferably something closer to the 2 liter soda bottle size . This is smaller than a soda can . Secondly , it does n't even work ! It 's a small plastic container filled with water and glitter and no matter how much it 's shaken or twisted , or whatever , the glitter sloshes around , but no `` tornado '' forms at all . Not even a semblance of one . WASTE OF MONEY . :-LRB- I was going to give this to my nephew for Christmas since he 's interested in weather related things , but I 'd be embarrassed to give this as a gift . :-LRB- Poor product !
 it 's just sparkles in a jar , shake it and you 'll see a tornado for 3 seconds or so then you have to shake again and again . not worth all the effort .
 It 's really hard to see something in there . Even if you shack it in different ways you get hardly any result .
 This toy arrived broken . Sent as a gift and was disappointed that when they got it they didnt even get to enjoy it . I am sure it ended up in the trash .
 Should have listened to the other member stating it last 1-2-3 seconds . Should have just purchased a photo book instead . This was a waste of hard earned money .
 I never write reviews but this was the biggest rip off I have ever seen . The toy -LRB- ??? -RRB- is a glass with soapy water in it . It looks like it was made in someone 's garage.Not even worth the shipping charge
 This is quite basic . It is exactly as it looks . Looks like water with sparkles and sandy stuff inside , shake a little and there 's your tornado , really thought there would be more to it .
 the package was wet when we recieved it . the top was cracked open . thankfully only about a quarter of the liquid leaked out i super glued the crack and wrapped it anyways . just a stocking stuffer . tornado looks cool for about 2 seconds after shaking it . then quickly dissapears . could have something to do with there not being enough liquid i 'm not sure . too bad oh well . my 4 year old wo n't know the difference .
 This toy brought me sorrow . I made the mistake of thinking that this was going to be an ACTUAL tornado that I was going to get to keep as a pet . I eagerly purchased it and prepared for its arrival . I tied down all loose items that I valued and boarded all the windows of my home . This was a painstaking process , as I have a rather large Precious Moments collection . Knowing its nature , I did not purchase any shelter , since it is a weather phenomenon , I sort of figured it would n't need any . I 'm not sure what tornadoes eat , so I bought a couple of trailers and some old lawn furniture , judging by what I usually see strewn about on TV after one has gone through somewhere.The box arrived , and it was much smaller than I had anticipated . Even an F1 would have required a really large delivery truck . When I got this tiny box , I figured maybe they had vacuum sealed it , and somehow it would spring into real life size when I opened it . I decided to think of a name before I opened it . `` Stormy '' was too obvious . I finally decided on `` Sprinkles '' , I thought it was a fun loving name that would look good on a collar.I tore the box open , anxious to meet my new pet . It was a really tiny cylindrical tube . At first there was nothing in there , but what appeared to be water . I figured , sure , clouds -LRB- that tornadoes are made of -RRB- are made of water vapor ... so that makes sense . I just have to make the water evaporate , and bam clouds and my pet tornado will appear . There were NO INSTRUCTIONS . Fortunately , I remember learning about the water cycle in elementary school ... so I knew that heat was required to create water vapor.I wanted to meet my pet tornado as quickly as possible , so I assumed the microwave was the best way to heat the water up in a hurry . What I did n't know is that the container that `` pet tornado '' comes in , is NOT MICROWAVE SAFE . It exploded and the plastic shrapnel killed my parakeet , burnt me , and the water never even evaporated . I just got `` pet superheated precipitation flying out of a small kitchen appliance and causing second degree burns . `` Injured and disheartened , I waited a few minutes anyway to see if the water would evaporate into a cloud and suddenly spawn a tornado . Nothing . Nothing happened at all . Next time I 'm getting a stupid goldfish .
 I purchased this for my son , who loves studying severe weather . It worked exactly ONCE . It made one funnel cloud , then it burped a large air bubble inside and that was it , no matter which way it was turned , spun , or shaken . Now , it is just a tube of water with glitter that does NOTHING . And of course , it costs more to ship back for a refund than the value of the item itself . As I said ... JUNK .
 The inner foam comes bent , I guess because of the way it is packed for easy shipping , it never gets the right shape . The bag is kinda big and hard to carry if you put all your stuff inside , but overall is a nice bag for the price .
 This is not a push in decoration kit for kids age 3 and up as the package showed at my local Target . There are no instructions on the package so I did n't know in advance that I would have to DRILL holes in the pumpkin to push the pieces in . The pieces are ROUND BLUNT - safe - ends ... which DO NOT PUSH INTO THE HARD OUTER LAYER of a pumpkin . Your kids will be disappointed that this is n't a fun activity .
 I bought this hoping it would complement the Bruder logging truck for my 3 year old , but it turns out the logs are much smaller than the ones that come with the logging truck . It does n't stand up very stably , and in general seems kind of flimsy . Maybe better for an older child .
 The log splitter was a very great compliment to the Truck . My grandson was very inpressed with the ` workings ' of it all .
 Why is this figure purple ? The symbiote is black , Spidey 's black suit is black of course , so this figure should be black too . Hasbro really screwed the pooch on the entire Spidey 3 figure line . Do n't waste your moneyon these figures . You can do a lot better than these plastic pieces of garbage .
 I have never in all my shopping even seen such cheap and poorly made crap sell for this price . I was lucky to get this item on sale and still it 's not worth the 4 dollars i paid.This hovercarft is crap the lights work as it states but that 's all it does.It 's suppose to zoom on a cushion of air this thing wo n't even float it does nothing but light up and there is a light gust of air it 's as light as a sheet of paper.I replaced the batteries and it still did n't float or zoom.DON ' T waste your hard earn money on this crap .
 I had added this to my cart , out of curiosity . At the time , there were no reviews and no item description , so for $ 3 and change , I used it as a filler to get free shipping . This `` toy '' is useless and just as bad as the first reviewer says . It barely hovers and is poorly made . Save your money ...
 Thought this would be the highlight gift for my 4 year old grandson . The Winch wo n't work ... and that was meant to be the best part .
 Awesome truck but the hitch broke within five minutes of my four year old son playing with it ! If you have a little boy you know the importance of a hitch for hooking trailers and hauling loads . The Bruder trailer was hooked onto the Unimog truck and when he tipped the load back the hitch snapped right off - which is one of the most important features of the truck . Very disappointing when you spend extra for quality and it does n't deliver .
 I got this truck for my son 's second birthday . He broke it within two weeks , the front wheels came right off . I was pretty disappointed . Also , the winch is hard to use and does n't work very well or stay on tightly .
 I bouht it for my blade 400 3d and they broke landing the hely it only flew it 6 times the wood is very cheap do not buy this ietm go to horizon by the right one for this hely .
 BATISTA will not be the next World heavyweight champion . Randy orton -LRB- the man -RRB- will be the next World Champion . This figure sucks I like the other head scan on the Great American Bash Series and the body sucks I like the Great American Bash body better . This BATISTA Figure sucks . Randy Orton is the man . And Sting is coming back .
 these batista is awsome very cool but the silver pants he 's never had on before
 these batista is awsome very cool but the silver pants he 's never had on before
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 Be careful who you buy this from . The Wooly Mamoth I got was all matted down and had very obviously been used and possibly washed , even the tag was all frayed and crumpled like they had kept the tags , used the toy then put them back on . It was gross when I got it and had to send it back .
 I guess I did n't read the specs on this one . Really small ball . My one year old boys ca n't find half the time . Dont think I would buy again .
 This ball is about the size of a baseball and made of wood . It did n't interest my grandson . At $ 10 , I expected more out of it .
 The photo IS misleading , as very few baby toys would be made to such small specifications . It 's really teeny.So much so , that despite the age specifications on the product features -- `` For ages 12 months and up '' -- there is a choking warning further down that states , `` WARNING
 I wanted to love this but sadly it went in the trash this past weekend . The product is meant for 12 months and up but Amazon has their own `` choking hazard '' warning stamped on the product page stating the toy is suitable for 3 years and up . I suppose I should have taken more notice . When this toy arrived , I opened the box to find one of the rings had fallen out and one of the little smiley face figures was rolling around at the bottom of the box . I put it back together , thinking it was sturdy and dropped it on the floor several times to see if it would come apart again . It did n't . However , if I tugged a little on it the ring would come out and with it , the smiley figure . So unfortunately , this cute little toy just went in the trash because it really is a choking hazard , per Amazon 's warning . I do not recommend buying this toy : -LRB-
 This toy is extremely dangerous ! PLEASE do n't give it to your baby ! We got it for our 7 month old and a few days after he got it , I saw that one of the wooden rings and a little guy came completely loose and were laying on the floor , within my baby 's reach . The little `` guy '' from inside of this toy is a perfect size to get lodged in the baby 's throat and cause chocking . The way this toy is constructed this is not something that MAY happen under some bizarre circumstances , but rather something that is LIKELY to happen during a normal play with the toy . Amazon must know this , since they posted a `` chocking hazard '' sign about this toy . I feel that this is not enough , and they should discontinue selling this toy , especially that the name of the toy -LRB- peek-a-boo -RRB- implies it is for babies ! No child under 5 years old should be given this toy , and a kid that is 5 will not be interested in it . What is Amazon gon na say to a parent of a kid who choked and died because of this toy - ??? - `` Oh , sorry , we did gave a warning on our webpage '' - ???!!!
 I cant recommend this product and I 'm not satisfied . It is not safe for small children . the round parts keep falling out . Choking hazard for small children !!!
 This is the size of a racquetball and the little pieces -LRB- those little heads are about the size of a pencil end -RRB- will only come out from gravity - meaning they only pop out on the side that is facing away from the baby !
 My baby loved this little toy for a few months but as another reviewer stated , the wooden ring and the small little smiley face piece fell out . My husband luckily saw my daughter playing with this and snatched it away . Time to retire this toy .
 In the picture this product looked like it was about 8 &#34; in diameter and would be a great learning toy for our granddaughter . Turns out it was less than 3 &#34; across and so small I do n't think it was big enough even to be found among the other toys she received for Christmas ... No learning there . It was the biggest waste of money -LRB- $ 8 -RRB- ever for our granddaughter . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I bought this peek-a-boo ball for my then 5-month-old because I thought it was cute and it would be fun for my daughter to manipulate and roll around . We had played with it less than 5 times when one of the circular wooden pieces just fell off along with the little head!Attached is a picture . I am so thankful that my 5-year-old noticed it and brought it to me . My baby would have definitely put this in her mouth and choked on it . :-LRB- I will definitely be contacting Wonderworld about this product . They really should take toy off of the market . Parents , please do not buy this toy .
 I bought this truck for a 3-year old boy and within two weeks the hitch and two panels were broken . That 's about $ 15 in overpriced replacement parts from Bruder . The plastic used in not durable for normal play and this is assuming you keep it inside . It 's definitely not an outdoor truck ! If you purchase this truck , I suggest that you save all the packaging and be prepared to think of a replacement gift for your boy .
 These are not outdoor pillows . As soon as it rained it soaked up all the water and retained it ; took days to dry . These would probably work fine as long as they do not get wet .
 Very disappointed with this product , very small , it is 11cm tall -LRB- not 11 inches tall as was described in the product description -RRB- . waste of time and money .
 I placed my order for this at the end of November . It was in stock . Found out it would n't be shipped when it should have been because it was `` out of stock '' , called and complained and suddenly it was available to be shipped . When I got the package , there were no instructions -LRB- i had to go to the website and print out a 27 page manual -RRB- and parts were missing . It took 3 days to get this thing together . Decided to go buy the parts I needed because I did n't want to deal with the hassel of returng it . The backboard is very flimsy and is already cracked . There is n't any support . This is not worth the money at all . I am very dissapointed in this product and do not recommend purchasing it !!!
 I had read an earlier review stating that you ca n't choose the color of the bank . This is indeed true and very disappointing . The bank also comes with a set of keys , however , they do n't seem to work which was one reason we purchased this for our child . You must rely on the code to open it . I certainly would n't purchase another one of these nor would I recommend it . Keep looking for something better .
 I bought one for each of my sons , thinking they would each have their own private key . Unfortunately , the keys are identical , just a flap of metal to turn the release mechanism . That would be OK if buying only one , but I wanted each to be different , so they 're going back . I may buy adult lock boxes with padlocks . Oh , and I have to say , `` Must accept any color '' == LAME.Update
 So disappointed . I thought there would be separate compartments for change and bills . Just one big lift-out . Box is not even wide enough for a bill . You have to fold the bills in half . Another 1/2 inch and at east the bills could lay flat . Not what we expected .
 This looks great . For a few months . The finish , which seems to be painted onto the metal shape , started flaking off in large chunks in less than a year . It did n't even make it through the summer . We do n't have rain during San Francisco summers AND it was in an enclosed garden .
 The paints included do not wash out of fabrics and leave permanent stains . Plus they are watery . The brushes work just ok . The shaped sponges do n't work at all . I am very disappointed in this item .
 The paints that came with this kit were faulty and semi-solid . The tools did not really add value and were stiff and not very friendly to the ages intended for this toy
 Looks great , but it seems as if it makes parents happier than kids ... our little girl had it around from 3mon to date -LRB- 15mon -RRB- , and still shows absolutely no interest .
 We received this toy for Christmas last year when our daughter was three months old . I 've offered the sorter to her several times in the past year but she has never really took an interest in this toy . She briefly enoyed playing with the shapes , but never found the sorter cube very entertaining . It 's a cute toy , but I think the design is more of an attraction to parents than to children .
 The shapes do not easily fit through the holes of the sorter . My son played with the shapes themselves a little since each made noise ; but other toys do that too . Also , although the patterns are pretty for adults , they are not consistent around the shape and just cause confusion for the older baby who is actually trying to match the shape . Overall , this is an overpriced but nice to look at toy whose goals -LRB- shape sorting -RRB- are better met by the harder plastic -LRB- and much cheaper -RRB- sorters . For tactile sensory goals it is as good as anything else you would buy -LRB- or make -RRB- .
 The shapes do not easily fit through the holes of the sorter . My son played with the shapes themselves a little since each made noise ; but other toys do that too . Also , although the patterns are pretty for adults , they are not consistent around the shape and just cause confusion for the older baby who is actually trying to match the shape . Overall , this is an overpriced but nice to look at toy whose goals -LRB- shape sorting -RRB- are better met by the harder plastic -LRB- and much cheaper -RRB- sorters . For tactile sensory goals it is as good as anything else you would buy -LRB- or make -RRB- .
 My 8 month old is n't too into this toy . He likes the crinkly door that you can open to get the shapes out , but that 's about it . Maybe when he 's a little older .
 My daughter received this as a gift , and as an infant , she played with the shapes and box independently of one another . Now as a toddler , she `` sorts '' the shapes , but because the box is soft , she can force the square through the triangle , the triangle through the oval , etc. , etc. . She 's not learning the shapes with this at all . I bought a wood `` puzzle '' sorter instead , and we 've been much more successful with that .
 The real problem ? It 's soft and any of the shapes can be put through any of the holes . Not teaching a whole lot when that happens . I think I 'll go by the old inexpensive , hard plastic version instead .
 I bought this toy for my then six-month old daughter . It is very cute and she likes the colors and textures , but the shapes were too big for her to hold or manipulate . She became very frustrated with it . Now that she is fifteen months old , her hands are big enough and she has enough dexterity to handle the shapes , but she is no longer interested in it . She occasionally shakes the shapes that make noise , but that 's really the only time she plays with it at all . I was disappointed in this toy , and I think it would have been much better if the shapes had been smaller . I also think it would be better if all the shapes fit inside all the holes more easily . When infants are the appropriate age to need a soft type of toy like this , they are not developed enough to truly understand the concept of `` sorting '' .
 This toy just sat on our shelf . My boy -LRB- now 2.5 -RRB- received it as a gift when he was ~ 9 months . He has never been very interested in it . At best he opened the box 's door and put the pieces in . The pieces themselves are too large to comfortably fit into an infant 's hand . The pieces also do not fit into the appropriate openings easily enough for a young child to use the toy as a shape sorter . Often one piece will fit in numerous holes .
 We received this toy for Christmas last year when our daughter was three months old . She never really took an interest in this toy . She briefly enoyed playing with the shapes , but never found the sorter very entertaining . It 's a cute toy , but I think the design was more of an attraction to parents than to a child .
 This is not a remote control airplane . I thought it was . It 's just a model . Do n't buy it if you want a R/C plane .
 I am very glad a neighbor gave us this toy , as it is not the best choice for the money . Its chimes do not work easily enough for the movemnt a young child will give it , and the squeaker never gets used unless I do it . The beads are small and too low to keep any kind of attention . It is cute , but not an attention grabber for the child . Look elsewhere for the money .
 My son never really looked at this toy . I now have a daughter and she too seems uninterested . It looks so cute , but I guess they are the ultimate judges .
 We bought this to put on the infant carrier carseat . It fits Ok on the carrier but hinders you from putting the handle all the way back . I have tried to put this on our swing and the loops are n't long enough to go from one side to the other . Personally I would recommend saving your money .
 My son never cared for this toy . It looks like an eye catcher , but it never kept his attention for more than 10 seconds . This was a shower gift and I feel bad for the person who spent -LSB- X -RSB- on it .
 I bought this hippo hoping to distract my son -LRB- 10 months -RRB- during trips to the grocery store . Silly me . He looks at it for about 15 seconds before going back to grumping about being bored . He seems slightly interested in it when riding in the car , but he usually only notices it when he can no longer reach his other toys .
 I was very unsatisfied with the color of this chest . On line it looks like a honey wood and the one I received via mail is a very light wood . It does not match my other wood items as it showed it would . So I had to return it and pay for shipping both ways .
 Looks good but try to assembly it ! None of the pieces line up and received two backs and no front . Very cheap stained ply for the money . Sent it back after 3/4 assembly and the last piece was the final draw!Made in China , cheap and defective !
 Do not buy this item as it is a total piece of JUNK ! The build quality , materials and hardware are cheap , cheap cheap ! This toy box should be priced no more than $ 20 at best . Run away as fast as you can ...
 I was so excited to get his chest as it matches my new houses living room furniture perfectly . The wood cracked at the first attempt to place a screw in , the lid will not shut , and there is different paint patches all over the lid . I paid $ 104 for this and I could go out to a scrap yard and pay $ 15 and make a better piece . I am so sick to my stomache and very aggitated that I have to waste my time to box this aweful chest back up to return it to the money grubbing company that sold this .
 The toy box will be beautiful , if we ever get it put together . I love that it is made in the USA , and that the wood is of good quality . Putting it together was an absolute nightmare . Two adults spent well over an hour and a half on Christmas Eve trying mightily to put it together , and we failed . So much for my daughter getting an Olivia-styled `` steamer trunk '' from Santa Claus . I changed tags on a gift I 'd bought for her and made it from Santa instead . I so wanted to love this . I so do not .
 From the pictures on their website this product looks great ... but do not be fooled . This is the biggest piece of crap I have oredered . I cant believe they have the audacity to charge this much for a product that is poor in construction , design , well just about everything . I ordered a white one and when i was about to assemble it I noticed all the panels were different colors so I called Badger Basket and they asked me to send my old one back once i recieved a replacement , so i did just that . When I recieved the replacement the panels were all still different colors and I noticed many holes that were filled with putty and painted over . I called again and asked for replacement . When I recieved the second replacement I decided to just put it together . THIS IS THE WORST PIECE OF CRAP EVER . None of the screws used were the correct screws , they stripped easily and were tiny . They expect people to use tiny screws to secure the top to the bases ... are they stupid . Also the strut they provided me with was aweful . they did not predrill a hole in he back base panel and so i had to figure out at what mathimatical agle does the strut needed to be placed at in order to function correctly ... well im not very good at math . Anyway after about an hour I just got up and walked about . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT NOR THIS BRAND TO ANYONE UNLESS YOU WANT A HUGE HEADACHE AND POOR QUALITY PRODUCTS .
 The toy box was damaged and cheap looking . It had lots of scratches on it and a few dents . We sent it back .
 I purchased this as a toy box for my daughter . I wanted something that had some depth because she has so much stuff.For the price that I paid , this box is NOT good . It is very cheaply made . The screws stripped when trying to put it together . The wood is very soft and will dent and scratch easily but that is the least of the problems.My husband ended up having to replace the screws with some that he already had and it still did n't work.I do like the look and the depth but that 's about it . For the price I would definitely recommend purchasing something better quality.We are sending it back .
 It looks nice at first and comes down slowly after assembly as it should , but the holes are not lined up properly for the safety hinge making it faulty to begin with , andafter a few uses the hinge just ripped off altogether and ruined the wood around it . Now it occasionally falls on my son and for a baby that could be very dangerous . Overall , we will need to buy a new one so it 's probably cheaper to buy a quality box to begin with .
 I generally write pretty enthusiastic reviews of things I buy on amazon but not here . The toy box is adorable , I 'll grant you that . It holds a lot which is also nice . However , it is unbelievably cheaply made . The pre-drilled holes do n't even remotely line up so I had to break out the drill and fix it myself . The wood is cheap and soft , scratches easily , and is poorly stained . It would be an acceptable product if it cost half the price they are selling it for but it 's a rip off at the listed price .
 Toy box is too small and not as heavy made as i hoped for , but it was cheap . You get what you pay for I guess ...
 purchased toy box for grand daughter 's birthday - tried to put together today - one slat on the top has two stripped screws - means top does not cover box properly - would have it returned the except I did n't see to problem until box was put together - top is last piece attached and I ripped the box when i opened it . Can i get new top sent out ? new product sent - packaging was much better - but product top was also damaged - split slattired of putting together broken product - I want my $ $ refunded and i do n't want to have to pay to return damaged productdo n't want any more damaged products !! have pictures I 'd like to submit - not sure how to do
 This toy box is cheap , cheaply made and poorly constructed . I just tried to put mine together and after several hours have given up . The dowels/screws do not match up and unless we redrill the holes , it just is n't going to work . It is a pig and a poke - some folks apparently did n't have difficulty , but with such poorly designed/chinese manufacturing , there is no quality control . The wood is flimsy and easily marked , and the finish gives of a toxic smell . Overall , I would not recommend this item and plan on returning it .
 My mother purchased 2 of these toy chests for my kids for Christmas . The natural colored one was nearly impossible to put together because the holes did not line up correctly so that the screws would fit in properly . Then we opened the second -LRB- espresso colored -RRB- chest to put it together and it is missing all of the screws , hinges , and barrel nuts . Even the website that you go to to order new parts is n't set up correctly . You click the button to go to that page , and it sends you to a place to shop for new products . I had to practically jump through hoops to find the actual place to order the parts . NOt to mention that the espresso colored toy chest lid had several splits in the wood . I would NEVER suggest to ANYONE to order from this company brand .
 BEWARE ! The top does not open up all the way . The safety hinge can easily break off with a strong toddler using it . It came scratched in two places and the side did n't line up due to poor design quality . I returned it .
 Product looks amazing in pictures but when it arrived we noticed immediately how cheap and flimsy it was . In a couple months it will break where the hinges are because the screws are so small and no wood to screw into for a tight secure fit . We kept it because we did not want to bother trying to return it . The outer screws that are visible are brass -LRB- gold -RRB- and the hinges are silver and the hinge that secures it from going all the way back is some kind of antique brass which itself will break in a month or two . Do n't buy .
 I was not impressed with the quality of this toy . The cars and the cab of the tractor trailer have lasted just fine , but after only a few weeks the doors of the trailer would no longer stay latched . We ended up throwing away the trailer and my son just plays with the cab of the truck . So we still have cars spread all over his room .
 I bought this toy for a Christmas gift . When I opened the box and then I realized the toy is made by very cheap plastic . It does n't look fun at all when you build a toy ship like that . Do n't understand why other reviewers give 5 stars .
 I thought i ordered the mini spider ball not the big ones . when it was delivered I was disapinted that they were so big . they are not easy to play with and can not be picked up , to heavy . tried to find the smaller size and no one has them .
 I was excited to receive this kit . I began building it and painting some of the finer parts . When I attempted to assemble the fuselage to the wings the problems started . The fuselage seemed twisted , it would not fit straight onto the wings . I tried sanding certain pieces , but nothing worked . I had to discard this product , as it was impossible to straighten the fuselage enough for it to fit onto the wings . I assume there was a flaw with my kit , and that others have worked well .
 you have to paint it and everything i just want a model plane . u know some people ar n't so skilled at painting .
 We love checkers and wanted a set we could use outside on the backyard picnic table . When it gets windy , the cardboard ones just blow away . This set is good for that purpose . But , it is REALLY heavy and very large . My 4 year old daughter has twice screamed because her fingers were under the board when it landed and they got kind of smashed . -LRB- Nothing serious but it does make her hesitate to want to play , which is a bummer . -RRB- Also , as said in other reviews on Amazon , the red pieces and the black pieces are almost the same ... very dark ! Two solutions we have found
 I installed this kit and it was fairly straightforward.PROBLEMS
 This product broke after only two weeks of use . The bearings are completely worn out even though we followed all instructions and my children , 9 and 6 years old are far below the recommended weight limit . I would not recommend this product at all .
 The zipline is ok . Hard to get the cable exactly where it needs to be in order to slide . Directions are not easy . My son spend his birthday money on this item . I know he 's disappointed in it . He was so excited to get it up and running .
 The cable rubbed against the plastic housing on the trolly during the trial run . it slowed the speed of the ride .
 Absolutely horrible product ! My daughter 's 4th grade friend was injured as the steel cable snapped due to poor quality product . I called the company and they refused to replace the cable . Terrible customer service and a terrible product . I am lucky that the family of the injured girl did not sue me !
 I think this product needs a LOT of hands-on supervision . My son slipped off and knocked the wind out himself TWICE on the 2nd day of trying this . After a couple of weeks , he finally regained his confidence to try it when a friend was over -- and his 6 y.o. friend slipped and knocked the wind out of herself -LRB- almost had to call the paramedics -RRB- . Knowing what I know now ... I would NOT buy this product for kids under 8 -LRB- follow the age recommendations !!!!! -RRB- . I would like to take a pair of wire cutters and cut it down ...
 Initially this kit appeared to have all that we need . Right off the bat the cable sling that comes with the kit was not large enough for a medium-sized tree . I had to purchase more cable to make a loop . Next , the turnbuckle configuration does not make it nearly tight enough . You need to borrow -LRB- or purchase -RRB- a come-a-long AND a wire grip to pull it taut.After these extras were were zipping away . We added a seat jut by tying a disc swing onto the trolley . A bungee brake also made it a lot more safe and fun . We had lots of fun for a week ... Then the sad news . With not even daily use the plastic trolley broke . The wheels are made of plastic as well . I now have to purchase a new trolley with steel wheels and bearings and I feel like a sucker . Save yourself some trouble and get a better kit from a website that specializes in zip lines or research better than I did and get the parts on Amazon separately .
 I loved the idea about the wand sticking to the lid ... yep it does not stay on at all . Plus the bubble solution gets everywhere . Very disappointed with this purchase .
 Nice and thick , makes for good bubbles . I purchased with Gazillion Bubble Machin , was very dissapointed with machine so I sold this off with machine shortly thereafter .
 I bought this for my daughter who was 7 at the time . She loved the idea and painting the dish . Downside was that the bowl is so small you ca n't see too much design when your child is done painting.After everything was arranged just so in the pot , it took about a week before the do-dads and extras started to get moldy . Watching grass grow is n't that exciting either . Flowers would have been more interesting.Tip for anyone who buys this - DO N'T put the extra decorations in until after the grass and bean sprouts have grown .
 I thought this would be fun to do as some reviewers said . So I tried it and the grass came . Boooring . The Beans came next . That was just a waste of my money . I do not recommend to people at age 11 .
 We gave this to our 7 year old daughter for her birthday and it was quite a disappointment . We had to order it 3 times . Each time it arrived , the sparkley dirt was open and spilled all over the entire project . The third time we ordered we decided to keep the item and deal with the spilled dirt . When she finally opened it to start the project there was a chip in the planter and the planter was really cheap and thin . Would certainly not recommend this product to anyone .
 It was fun setting it up but it actually got MOLDY ! ewww . I think it 's because it 's a closed container or my daughter just got carried away with watering ? Anyway , it got gross pretty fast : -LRB-
 This toy is very cute and my granddaughter was thrilled to get it for Christmas . But the quality is poor . The dog is suppose to talk but you can hardly hear it and after one day of play , it does n't talk anymore.I also bought talking Ace with it and he wo n't talk at all . Not very happy with the quality but my granddaughter wo n't let me send them back cuz she loves Krypto so much .
 I was disappointed in the toy when I recieved it the week before Christmas and the batteries in the toy were no good . The box told me what batteries to buy and I had a hard time finding a retailer that could interpret the letters/numbers to match a battery to buy . When I went to replace the batteries , they were wrong-at $ 5.95 a piece and the toy needed 3 of them . I wrote to the company that sent me the toy and I have not recieved any feedback . Very bad experience !!
 Well where do I start ... this seemed like it would but perfect for my 6 year old for Cheristmas but it was a nightmare!Christmas Eve we open the box to set it up and just about every important piece was missing including the seat and sticks!Thanx for a wonderfull Christmas !
 I have no idea how this piece of garbage got 4 stars . It is literally the worst made thing is have ever encountered in my life . The pieces are TINY and break freaking easily . This is from building it for 40 minutes and it seems like it is going to take at least another 3 days to complete it . As the other review said , i would pay an extra 10 dollars if it came assembled . I feel like such a moron for paying 14 bucks for something that will not work if i break a tiny little piece . If you think you might take a chance and buy this thing , DONT .
 I got it right on time . But very disappointed . The pieces are cheap plastic and very small . I would rather spend $ 10.00 more if they sell assembled flight.It was frustrating to see such a small parts . Not sure what to do with it and just tossed to a corner . Did n't bother to return it .
 wow what can i say on this one ... the instructions are none existant ... rough drwings ... they show you were to place the cabin parts together give or take and inch or two apparantly no one could translate englishee to chineseee in the making of this kit . . only pictures with arrows ... good luck ... total looser . oh and by the way . . it does not stand up . . the nose is not heavy enough ... it drops back to its tail ... so you have to prop it up ... i tried even some fishing sinkers.in front . . no go
 I was very disappointed with this model . I purchased it to keep me occupied and help me relax while recovering from surgery . Unfortunately it had the opposite effect and only made me frustrated . Supplied instructions are often very hard to follow . They could have made assembling this model much easier by simply providing some detailed images of the final result . The only photos available are on the box and too small to see any details . Many parts just did n't fit together tightly which affected the attachment of other parts . Too many parts broke away from the trees with unwanted attachment pieces larger than the details necessary to identify the piece . Also too many of the pieces that are supposed to fit with pegs into predefined holes , were impossible to insert . I 'd like to mention that I called their customer service on one occasion when I was stumped and was very pleased with the response and help I received . My intent was to practice with this smaller scale , fewer pieces , model first and then invest in the larger sized , many more parts , model . I 've read some good reviews on the larger model and can only assume that it 's a very different product . After my experience however , I am afraid to invest the money and end up with the same disappointment .
 The finished product looks nice enough , but anyone who wants it to hold any semblance of shape needs to use tape at the very least . Trying to put it together without tape only served to create the urge to set the model on fire so as to give the fire station model a greater role .
 The materials from which this set is made are acceptable - unfortunately the design is flawed . Whoever designed this set has apparently never tested it or never played chess or both . The set has two folds in the center and the pieces will not stay in place on the squares in the center - they will either clump together if there is an adjacent piece or will slide off onto an adjacent square . The pieces simply will not stay in place . This set is therefore useless for play . Purchase one with a single fold in the middle - it is more likely to be usable.Cecil Kersey
 The product came on time , and everything works alright ; but it came missing two black pawns , so I had to cut magnets out of a magnet strip I had . Also , the center is somewhat annoying in that if you put a peice on either of the center rows , it will often slide to the very edge or fall over because the magnets under the board do n't cover the whole board . Other than that it is great
 My 3 year old brother loves this stupid thing . `` Streaky '' -LRB- or should I say ` Geeky ? ' -RRB- has a muffled voice that you ca n't understand , and WHY would you want a toy that says `` Yum-Yum . This garbage RULES ! '' ??????? You have a choice ... Either you DO N'T buy this , or you be stupid and buy this and let your child copy what that garbage-eating bumcat does
 the toy is kinda cool , i have a daschund , so that 's primarily why i bought it . the packaging was in terrible shape and the electronic features of the toy did not work at all . i would not buy from this seller in the future .
 you need to put this is a model on the item name . i thought it was already put together but it wasnt
 i am sorry but unless you enjoy working with a knife to try to get this very poor kit to fit together . . save your money . the tail and wings did not come close to being raedy for gluing .
 OMG this doll is GROSS !!! Look at her , her outfit is nasty and so revealing . Her top is so small it could n't cover my hamsters babies , and they little , cause they were born a week ago from now.Same with her skirt , waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too short , and ugly too . And also look at her face , if their was such thing as teh ugly police , this My Scene doll and the rest of the My Scen egroup would be there forever.And shopping , again . OMG they are soooooooooooooooooooooooooo boring.Oh , and also , Bratz are better , just trying to teach you My Scene fans something , cause MY Scene dolls are slutty ugly retards that wear ugly and revealing outfits all the time !!! Bratz are better then My Scene dolls , much prettier , know fashion , unlike My Scene dolls , and ... . well , you get my point , My Scene dolls suck , and Bratz are better .
 The model arrived today as expected but when I opened the box , the plastic packaging that kept the parts was open . There were loose bits of plastic joints and model parts all over box . It would appear as someone had taken parts out then returned the rest of the model kit . This is not good . I 'm not sure if the entire model is intact or if the kit is missing parts . Feels like someone took out parts and then returned the model back to the supplier . This is not at all promising .
 Instructions for the nose gear are not clear , the pieces that make this section do not fit properly . Makes it more frustrating that it needs to be . In comparison to other model kits out there , this one is more poorly designed .
 The product shipped quickly and was exactly as shown , however , both arms and hands were broke off ! My husband was very disappointed !
 I recieved the toy a week before Christmas and the batteries needed to be replaced . As I went shopping for the new batteries that the box suggested , I had a very hard time finding a store to compare numbers/letters . When we finally figured out what should work-I got home and they in fact did not fit the toy . The batteries cost $ 18 total and in my opinion , the toy should have never been shipped needing new batteries . At this time Mechanikat still sits quiet .
 This toy is ugly and it has a HUGE head . All it does it make this awfuly annoying and nerve-grating whining noise.Hope I did some help , KP
 My 3 year old fell in love with it at first sight . However , it was a gift and it stopped working within a week . Since I did not have a receipt , I called the 800 number on the tag . They told me they would replace it but I had to mail it back AT MY OWN EXPENSE via a trackable method -LRB- this will cost as much as the toy -RRB- and they will send me a new one . First of all , any other company I have dealt with always sends a postage paid package to mail the product back in , secondly , my daughter is going to be hearbroken when I take her dog away . Needless to say , due to poor customer service , I will never buy nor reccomend another product from MGA Entertainment .
 All this dog did was whine ... he does n't make any other noises . The dog would whine if someone walked past or even if we would hold him and play with him.This got on my 8 year old daughter 's nerves so much we had to return him the next day .
 they are soo cute i just bought one yestday and i will love it forever
 I am a Final Fantasy fan , and want to buy a related gift to my girl friend . From the picture , this necklace looks good and it is not expensive , so I ordered it . However , the actual item looks very poor . The blue gem is made by some cheap transparent plastic . There are even some obvious flaws on it . I never expect something with high value for this price , but at least it should have a fine appearance . If you want to buy a serious gift , do NOT buy it ; If you want to wear something related to Final Fantasy , you should think twice for this one . Well , I doubt I will ever wear it .
 It a nice Necklace but the box says it from FF7 Advent Children not FF 10 like it says on the name here .
 the chain of the necklace was broken and had to be replaced with a connector . Probably because of the delicate metal . Caution before buying .
 It broke on the third day . It broke to the point it can not be fixed or switch chains . The fake crystal looks cool .
 The seller has one similar to this but no where near the same quality . I also received a craked crystal . Not that noticeable to a child though . Giving it to a child as a gift . The seller was great though . Willing to help me out .
 Product wont stay stuck to ceiling - keeps falling . We put stars up a couple of years ago with a type of sticky putty that came with them & they are still up . the tape squares with this product do n't hold at all.Also it does n't stay glowing as long or as brightly as original stars .
 I have 3 girls , ages 9 , 9 , and 13 -LRB- autistic and functioning as 9 -RRB- , and they saw these dogs in the store before Christmas , falling in love with their big , sad eyes . However , when Santa brought them , they were taken out of the box and `` loved '' for about five minutes and have not been picked up since . They do n't really `` do '' anything , except bark , which really annoys grown-ups ! And the price seems expensive for what basically amounts to a noisy stuffed animal . I would recommend this toy for younger children who , for whatever reason , are not allowed to have a `` real '' dog and want one . Except , watch for the small parts which are easily lost , and could be swallowed by the very young -LRB- too young to know better -RRB- . Basically , I wish I would have spent my money on something else this Christmas .
 Almost bought this thing , as I own a 928 . But then spotted the shipping weight . 35 pounds ???? Is it made of Uranium ?? What 's it packed in , a lead bar ? The toy itself weighs a few ounces .
 After my 5 year old got this in her hands , we filled out the Adoption papers and named him . That was pretty much it for this toy . It whines so much that she has asked me how to turn it off . It is supposed to whine when you pet it , but it is very sensitive and whines if you walk by it . There is no redeeming value to this toy other than being a stuffed animal . Save your money and just buy a stuffed dog and name it .
 I just bought this today and this toy is this only entertains you for 5 minutes and after that five minutes is up you will be bored Ido not get this toy get a care-bear cub instead people !!! ps this only wines , moves head back and forth , and wags tail
 I was really disappointed in this toy . It only does a couple of things . Piglet pops up , Tiger pops up and Pooh pops up . That is it . Do n't waste your money ! It really is a boring toy and will be shoved to the corner and never played with .
 This is not a `` Russian Infantry and Tank Set `` It is a `` Russian Infantry and Tank CREW Set '' . The tank you see in the picture is not included . I will be happy to alter my rating once the product listing is updated to reflect the manufacturer 's actual title . I 've no idea where the image came from , it is not the image used by the manufacturer .
 The item 's picture and description misrepresent the product . It 's not a `` WWII Russian Infantry & Tank Set '' , as promised in the item 's title , it 's just the kit , containing of pieces of soldiers and no tank at all . Nowhere in the description it said that it does n't include the tank and that the Infantry is a `` do-it-yourself '' model kit . My son was very dissapointed and upset !
 The title of this product is `` 1/48 WWII Russian Infantry & Tank Set '' , however that is not correct . There is no tank included . This information -LRB- lack of tank -RRB- is provided in the description , but I missed it . The '' & Tank '' part of the title should really be deleted . Also , there is A LOT of assembly required , and the resulting figures look like they will be very small -- much smaller than the standard green army figures that kids play with . I ordered this for my son 's 9th birthday and he was very disappointed when he opened up the box and saw all those itsy bitsy little pieces that needed to be glued together . This is for people who are into building models , not for kids who are just wanting different types of army guys in their play collection .
 While the rattle structure is as pictured , the one I received is only black and white and not full of different colors as pictured - a bit disappointing and not as fun for a baby .
 I purchased these based on the Learning Resources reputation . Boy was I disappointed ! The pieces were literally stuck to each other , and not just a few of them . Almost every 1 out of 5 pieces was stuck to another one . When I tried separating them , it turned out that they got stuck when the paint was still fresh , so the dots ended up sticking to other pieces , therefore creating additional dots . Also , some of the pieces lost some of their paint in the process of being separated . Needless to say , this was the worst way to teach my children how to count at a glance . In terms of quality , the pieces were too light to stand firmly . The slightest movement around them caused them to collapse . Please do n't waste your money on this product . There are much better alternatives out there ! I am thinking of returning them , but then I would need to pay shipping on them ...
 Horrible advertising on these packages . It shows a huge delicious bowl of pasta when says 4 pack , but it only makes two `` bowls '' of pasta . The servings are so tiny , that if you make both packets together , you maybe get a half a bowl of pasta . Not to mention that it takes about 11-15 minutes to cook ! Pasta 's so sticky you have to use no-stick spray . The taste is so bad my son , who eats anything would n't touch it , and the sauce packet was hard as a rock , so it did n't mix up and left big chunks in the ketchup you have to add . We tried the mac and cheese too , it takes 15 minutes to cook and again says 4 pack , but that 's only 2 pastas and 2 cheeses . Very expensive , hardly any food , and pretty nasty to eat . They need to be alot more realistic on their packaging instead of trying to use false pictures and saying `` 4pack '' Eight thumbs down from this family .
 I agree with the comments about the taste and size . Personally I think someone should look into the false advertising . On the preztel kit , which is also a `` 4 pack '' , you only get two pretzels . One of the packs is salt and another is glaze . Then you get two packs of some pretzel dough . These pretzels are not much larger than the ones you get in a bag out of the vending machine.Total rip-off . Hasbro should be ashamed of its marketing staff .
 Considering this product is no longer made , I can only imagine how old this package is . I 'm sure it 's outdated and would be illegal to sell , what with the safety hazard of selling outdated food . This seller needs to be careful because he/she might find themselves being sued for that reason and their profit from marking this four dollar item to 128.00 will go to legal costs .
 My daughter recieved an easy bake oven for Christmas . I had fond memories of mine in the sixties . But I remember being able to eat the food I made . We have tried a lot of receipes . The mac and cheese was disgusting , my daughter could not eat it . The `` pizza '' was disgusting , we had to add our own ketchup , the cake mix did not rise one iota and had to be scraped out of the pan.The brownie mix did not rise and also had to be scraped out of the pan . The descriptions of the food and picture on the very expensive packets are misleading and false advertising . From the size of the barbie size portion to the appearance of the food even when following the directions exactly . Horrible . I cringe every time my daughter wants to take it out to use . Do n't waste your money , time or electricity .
 If there was 0 stars , that 's what it would get . My kid INSISTED on buying this crap . I said it was okay , hoping she would n't eat it . Then she cooked it in her easy bake . . very excited about it . . and I absoloutly refused to let her eat it . It was GROSS . the smell was revolting . She ate it anyway and nearly threw up . Thanks but . . GROSS .
 this pasta is really nasty . it tastes like cardboard . please do not eat or buy it . it looks nasty too !
 I NEVER FIND THIS MUCH HOPLESS AND BOARING TOY.THIS IS WASTE OF MONEY AND ALSO WASTE OF TIME.IT IS UNBELVIABLE .
 If toys R us is going to sell toys , they should not sell something as disapointing as these airplanes . Broke the first try and made of a very unsturdy material . Do n't waste your money unless your ready to disapoint your child !
 The first day we flew it , we crashed it a few times , and it held up pretty well . Then one time , we noticed the propellor was missing . This happened again , and we were lucky enough to find the black , cheap , plastic nut that holds the propellors in place.After that , I decided to make sure they were n't going to fall off again , so I made sure they were tight between every flight . Then I heard a snap , and the threads snapped right off the spindle of the motor , so now we are pretty much hosed.There was another surprise where we landed pretty well , but the nose caught at the last minute , and it flipped upside-down . The tail hit the ground , and then the fusalage snapped right in half . Polyurethane glue seemed to hold it back together.I 'm not an expert , but it does seem overly difficult to control . I have flown `` real '' remote control planes . I think the other reviewer is probably on the nose with the `` need a rudder '' comment.I think you can get a pico-stick remote control plane for around $ 35 , and you will be paying more like $ 100 by the time you get everything -LRB- transmitter , crystal , etc. . . -RRB- But if I had to do it over again , I would just go all the way to that point .
 I do not recommend this airplane . Get the ` rush ' model instead . Why ? Simply put , the Skywinder is a very unresponsive and unrealistic model airplane . The twin-engine steering system is almost worthless . I know a thing or two about airplanes , and `` steering '' an airplane by reducing the power on the left -LRB- or right -RRB- engine is only marginally effective at best . My Skywinder has gotten away from me more times than it has made a controlled landing . Yes , the Skywinder can do loops and other aerobatics , but the lack of true rudder control makes this thing more like a freeflight model than anything . It 's like trying to drive a car with no steering wheel.If the Air Hogs company would learn some basic airplane fundamentals , they would put a rudder control on the Skywinder and then they 'd have a real winner . The Skywinder flies fast and is powerful , and has good pitch -LRB- up/down -RRB- control , but the very poor lack of steering -LRB- yaw -RRB- control makes it get away from you in a hurry and you end up watching it spiral nose-first into the ground off in the distance.For a more authentic and much more controllable flight , you should purchase the ` rush ' model which has true rudder control . It flies slower , and is much easier to control . Stay away from anything which does not have a rudder control !
 PURCHASED MANY AIR HOG PRODUCTS FOR MY SON FOR HIS BIRTHDAY AND HE RECEIVED 2 FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS , HAD TO BRING ONE BACK 2 TIMES AS IT KEPT ON BREAKING , AND ALL THE AIRPLANES HAVE LITTLE POWER , SHORT LIVED TOYS . I THINK THE COMPANY COULD DO BETTER IN BUILDING THESE PLANES , THE PUMP ONES ARE NO BETTER . I DO NOT PURCHASE ANY AIR HOGS ANYMORE .
 i got this for my son for christmas , he is 9 . he loved , could n't wait to fly it . He was doing great and then the tail wing on top broke off in a dive crash . Difficult for even his dad to control . We will be sending it back .
 Do n't buy this . I did n't even get it to fly once and it broke . It just crashed .
 This is a great plane !!! the one problem is that it does not operate well when the wind is higher than around 5 mph . mine has endured several crashes without a scratch but you have to make sure that the back elevator is stright before flight or the plane will crash every time . I was careless with my plane and forget to check before my flight and it crashed right into the ground because the back elevator was down . but the plane was ok but I did n't see the elevator was down and launched it again without fixing it and it just crashed again this time slightly breaking the wing . I took it home and glued it back togther very easily . just do n't fly it in windy wheather and be sure the back elevator is down and you will be fine.This is a great plane that I enjoy flying !!!
 I ca n't actually rate this item because our order was cancelled by Amazon.com 2 days before Christmas !! My husband ordered this bounce house in November as a Christmas gift . After placing the order , he received an email confirming the order with NO mention of this item being unavailable . Then he started receiving email notifications in December saying the item was delayed . Next Amazon.com CANCELLED our order with no attempt of appeasement . They just flat cancelled our order and left it at that !!! To add insult to injury , they erased all the order history on the order as if to ` cover their tracks . ' I would n't have minded so much if they would have offered another bounce house or something , anything , but they just left us out in the cold . This was to be a Christmas present for our sons . Definitely poor customer service !!
 When I saw this toy it looked like it would be so cute so I bought it for my baby . Coming from Sassy , I thought it must be good . Boy , was I disappointed . You pull the string , put in the water and , it just sits there with the string going back in . I thought we had a broken one until I read the other reviews and they all said the same thing . Sassy should be ashamed putting their good name on such a poor product . It really is n't even worth 1 star , but you ca n't give 0 stars . If I could I would definitely give this loser of a toy 0 stars . How disappointing coming from a company who has won toy awards on so many other toys !
 Pull the string of this brightly colored fish , and ... that 's about all the fun you 're going to have . The fish is supposed to speed across the water , but it just sits in one spot vibrating . My daughter and I were very disappointed .
 My daughter received this as a gift for her first birthday . She loves tub toys , but when you pull the tail on this one it just sits in the water . My daughter actually plays with it more out of the tub and my husband figured out that it actually works better if you pull the tail and let it `` swim '' on the floor . I 'm a big fan of Sassy toys , but I 'd pass on this one .
 Basically , whatever you do , the toy stands still in the bath . Everytime I try my son looks at me with pitty .
 I really love Sassy products , but this one was disappointing . While it does move in the water when you pull it 's tail , it looks like it 's drowning since it 's behind drags . I would not recommend this toy if you 're looking for a peppy and fun bath toy .
 Looked cute , and ours does actually power through water - for an incredibly short distance/time . But our little `` propellor '' came untied from string within a day . I assumed it was not knotted well , and string got wet - and blam ! untied . I ca n't be bothered to even try to get the frayed bits through the propellor hole , since it was n't very impressive when it DID work .
 Terrible product . I bought this at Baby r us . I wished I bought it in Amazon . i will see all these negetive reviews . Not even worth a star if Sassy was giving it out for free .
 When I saw this toy it looked like it would be alot of fun but when I put it in the tub with my 18 month old daughter and we pulled the tail to make it swim , -LRB- and it did n't -RRB- she handed it back to me . Not alot of fun .
 I purchased this toy for my 1 year old son ... all we do is pull the string and watch the fish stay in place -LRB- while making a small buzz sound -RRB- ... not much fun in the tub !
 We usually love Sassy , but my 6-month old is n't at all interested in this toy . The activities are too close together for her to manipulate and there is n't a good surface to chew on . It 's also quite heavy , making it hard for her to hold and play with on her own .
 This toy is fragile ! This toy is uninteresting ! This toy 's paint comes off easily !
 Finally decided to buy this pram stroller for my daughter . Christmas day she opened it , played with it for two minutes and the plastic pieces inside the wheels broke . Could not get it back together . For the price I would expect metal pieces and not plastic ones .
 Same problem as the previous reviewer . What a bummer to try to assemble it Christmas Eve night at 9:30 to find one of three wheels is defective . Sadly , sending it back .
 The wheel assembly is defective . 1 of 4 wheels would not assemble . Upon further inspection it was found to be broken . Cheep plastic snap was in three pieces .
 I do n't know if we got defective products or what . But I bought 2 for my twins who are turning 5 . They have used a classic etch a sketch at a friends ' house and my son LOVES it . Immediately , upon opening these 2 , my son stated , `` the lines wo n't erase ; someone used this before '' , and my daughter yelled , `` mine does n't work ! '' . Now , remember , they know how to use these , so it 's not a knowledge issue . Eventually , my daughter 's started working , but still the lines on both are very faint when they draw and they do n't completely erase .
 I am so disappointed ! All I 've been hearing about lately is the `` etch-a-sketch '' . It sounded like a magical invention . Indeed , it is purported to enable mere men -LRB- and man-like robots -RRB- to , with the shake of a screen , change their beliefs , attitudes and philosophies , with little or no consequence for their equivocations . On the day that my etch-a-sketch arrived I announced to my husband that I was going to become a vegetarian , as I felt this was a healthier lifestyle , and would drive him nuts . That night I served a salad , vegan chilli -LRB- no cheese -RRB- , and strawberry shortcake for dinner . This continued for a week . At the start of the next week , I told him I had a taste for all-you-can-eat ribs at our local BBQ place . He protested , asking what brought about my abrupt turn-around in philosophy . This is when I knew I 'd been had ! Had n't I shaken up the etch-a-sketch before my big turn-around ? Of course I had . It turns out the etch-a-sketch apparently ca n't do that all of that magical stuff I 've been seeing on t.v. lately . It turns out it 's just a toy .
 This is not for anyone who is not serious about spending hundreds of hours to develop the skill of drawing on this instrument ... I was disappointed in how it operates and do not recommend it to anyone who does not plan on hours and hours of practice to develop drawing skills with the limited movements of the toy .
 This product came already used & would not erase . I do n't know why they keep selling these . You can draw but it wo n't erase !
 Do n't get me wrong , Etch A Sketch is an awesome toy . As long as the buyer receives a product that works properly . I 'm not sure if the quality of the product -LRB- we received -RRB- has changed since I was a kid -LRB- the answer - probably yes -RRB- , but immediately after opening the toy for my 5 year old -LRB- he was celebrating his bday -RRB- , the thing just did n't perform well . We soon realized that the lines did n't erase from the screen . After shaking the toy like madpeople , we just could n't get the images to really disappear . Now , with my toy in the 80s , the images could be easily erased with minor , controlled shaking.Which is a shame , since both my kids were looking forward to a really cool toy . A toy that I talked and hyped up quite a bit , reflecting on my own youth where I 'd spend hours creating cool images and designs on my Etch A Sketch . I do n't think we 've quite given up on this toy - we may look for another vendor or store to purchase from in the future .
 I had the same problem with this toy as most others . The lines dont 's really erase . I also found the lines to be too thin and faint for a 4 - 6 yr old . I 'll be giving mine away and looking for another make for the same toy .
 Do n't know if I just got a lemon , but my etch a sketch was junk . Did not work well , lines would disappear while drawing then come back in another part of the screen . Some lines were not even straight . Very disappointed , my son had a key chain sized etch a sketch that worked much better .
 I read the reviews , but still ordered the thing . My bad . The etching is so thin and faint , you ca n't see it very well . If you buy this toy , try it out first . I wished I had . Instead , I gave it to my Grandson and let him play with it . Now , I do n't have the heart to take it back from him so I can return it . What a shame they had to change it . I remember spending hours with mine when I was a kid .
 Got this for my son . He loves it -LRB- of course -RRB- but not very durable . Less than a month and the vertical line is not dark anymore . The pad barely erases the previous lines . Maybe they have always been this way , but I do n't remember that from when I was a kid . Definitely feels cheap . The price was good , but I would pay a few dollars more for better quality .
 After the initial nostalgia wears off , the frustration mounts as the lines refuse to remove themselves from the screen . Not at all like I remember mine as a child and both the young children who got these gave up on it after a very short while . Finally just threw them out . Guess the saying is true , they do n't make them like they used to .
 The Etch-a - Sketch that they are making is not the same product made years ago . the `` toy '' has only lasted 2 weeks at the most . Not worth the money that I paid for them .
 Im glad Ive read those reviews . Back here on Brazil this toy is produced under the rights of Long Jump factory . It was released back again not a long time ago . I 've ordered 2 few months ago , but was disapointed because it didnt erase properly , so ive sent it back to store . Latter on I 've try it out on other stores but the same problem remained . Back on the 80 's I had one screen from another concession brand -LRB- Reis -RRB- that worked just fine . So Ive figure to buy from US 's OHIO factory.But the reviews here had showed me that the quality standart it 's the same no more , probably a worldwide thing.Thats funny because the toy has sold out this Christmas here , none to find . I think people just dont remember how it was back on 80 's or just dont care as long as it can be given as gift or sad enough , want it just as a souvenier from the past .20 thumbs up for Amazon providing this space though .
 It looks very similar to the Etch-A-Sketch of days past ... but this &#34; classic &#34; model doesnt draw the same at all . The etching lines are VERY thin , and more disappointingly , the screen does not erase well at all . You shake and shake and shake , but the markings on the screen never erase completely . Bummer !
 Just like many of the other reviews , I was disappointed with my etch a sketch . It is neither the original size nor the quality of the real etch a sketch . That would n't have bothered me much , but my main concern is that the lines I draw on it just do n't erase ! I 've been shaking this thing like crazy and they 're still on there . This toy might be going back ...
 I bought this toy for my son 's 4th birthday . His birthday is tomorrow and I just opened the package to wrap it and I 'm wishing I had opened it last week ! Already I 'm disappointed ! The screen is much smaller than the version from my childhood . I could live with that . But , the part I 'm not liking at all is that the lines do n't completely erase . I wrote a large `` E '' on the screen and no matter how much I shake it the `` E '' is still visible . This toy may be going back . I 'm not happy thus far .
 Not the Classic in size or quality . Smaller than original , does not erase thoroughly , and the contrast , while using , is not as strong as the true Classic . I read the reviews before purchasing but my grandson really wanted the Classic Etch A Sketch for his birthday . It 's not like the original Classic Etch A Sketch . Very disappointed .
 This is a classic toy , however since it is made in China and no longer Ohio -LRB- hence Ohio Art -RRB- , the quality went down the tubes . I had an original one years ago , and although the white knob broke off after many years of play the steel axle still allowed it to be workable . But this version has some cheap aluminum axle , which bent and completely broke off after about 3 weeks . So now all we can do is draw a vertical line .
 It 's really great to see this toy back again ! They were great then ... but ... I still have my two etch-a-sketches from the 60s . They work great ... nice black lines ... built like a tank and have my name `` etched '' on the back . For some reason the new ones do n't hold up to the originals . Lines do n't etch dark enough to see , and the lines stay on the glass after erasing them . I would n't buy one . You 'll be very disappointed with the new ones .
 This is a super cute toy but I am not happy about it being made in China . I believe that Amazon should start listing the country of origin for products on the information screen . It would be very helpful to buyers that this matters to who can not read the packaging when making an online purchase . If you are OK with your baby putting this in its mouth , then go ahead and buy it , otherwise you might want to go somewhere where you can find out where your baby products are made .
 This rattle is a little awkward to hold and is too big and hard for younger babies . It also takes on quite a bit of water when washed . The nose does not beep easily and my infant gives it up rather quickly . She does however enjoy chewing on it .
 I bought this toy for an addition to my son 's exerciser . However , it would not stick -LRB- to anything -RRB- !! I tried everything to make it stick . It was very frustrating .
 I bought this toy because it earned great awards for fun , but my son does n't show much interest in it . He 's 9 months old , and has had the toy for about 3 months . He does play with it for a few minutes , but usually turns quickly to another toy . He also pulls it out of the base very easily , so the base is worthless in my opinion .
 Well , despite the fact that this toy has one a few national awards , it was a total flop in our house . The suction cup is completly non-functional -LRB- it sticks for maybe 10 seconds before popping off whatever surface you stick it to , even after wetting the bottom -RRB- and the rattle is too heavy for most babies . By the time they are big enough to hold the rattle , they are too old for it . It is a pretty cool looking toy , and has a great design , I just wish it worked like it is supposed to . My daughter did have some fun batting at it as I held the black and white `` handle '' -LRB- the part that sticks in the base -RRB- . A much better toy is made by Early Years -LRB- or maybe The First Years - I ca n't remember -RRB- - it has a suction cup that actually works and a spinning disk with a clicking knob , clear plastic ball with mirror inside that spins , and a squeaker . We have attached this to our infant swing tray , highchair , and table , and it stays put until we -LRB- or our 17 month old -RRB- pry it off . I found it at Babies R Us -LRB- looked but did n't see it at amazon -RRB- .
 I bought this toy for my daughter at about 7 months old . She has always been able to easily remove the suction cup from her high chair tray , then the toy quickly gets thrown to the ground . She never really got into spinning the various objects . Despite all the good reviews I have read , this toy really did n't keep my daughter 's attention .
 This toy is so close to greatness ... but a miss is as good as a mile . The suction cup does n't stick to anything , and the toy is therefore minimally useful as just another thing for the kid to suck on . I 've had this toy through three kids , and every one of 'em could yank it off whatever surface I stuck it to within six seconds .
 I bought this toy for my daughter , who is now 6 1/2 months old . She seems interested in it , but everytime I stick it to any surface she plucks it right off and ends up throwing it on the ground . I think she would really enjoy this toy if it would actually stay stuck to a surface . I do n't recommend this unless they can improve the suction .
 This toy actually won an award?The sucker doesnt stick to anything.My baby is more interested in the rubber sucker . Everytime I pass the toy to her , she will turn it around and chew on the green rubber sucker.Do Amazon or Sassy sell the rubber sucker separately ?
 This toy looks fabulous ! Well , that 's why we bought it . However , we found the suction cup base to be too large for many stroller trays , our exercaucer , and the jolly jumper doorway seat . The rubber made on the suction cup is also so stiff that a good vacuum seal does not last and hold the item in place . Another ENORMOUS problem is that the toy itself DETACHES from the suction cup base . This totally defeats the stationary toy idea . My 5 month old had it ripped from the base and tossed across the room 2 minutes into playing with it .
 I was going to buy this item , but I ca n't see what it is ! There is no picture or descrtiption , and the ` features ' dont make any sense !
 My 7 year-old daughter begged for `` bendaroos , '' which are sold on TV . I purchased these instead , which are basically the same thing . When she finally got them she only played with them for about 5 mins . You basically just twist the waxy sticks into different shapes . I think maybe it would have been very popular 50 years ago ; but today kids are so used to high-tech toys that something this simple and `` quiet '' is not as appealing . Sad , but it is what it is . The product description says that it comes with a `` handy storage bag '' but does not -- unless they are referring to the plasic bag that they come in and in which you have to rip to open . I read some of the other reviews before I purchased this , and think that they must have been referring to toddler-age children that can still find fun in the simple .
 This monstrosity of a toy is way too big and too hard for a baby!My baby keep dropping it on her face.Luckily there were no bruises !
 we bought this as a gift for our 8 yo last christmas . i knew it needed a light bulb but did n't realise that it was such an ODD sort of bulb . i had to search and search thru a few stores to locate one.thankfully my husband assisted in the creation of the bugs since the machine overheated , caught fire and basically shorted out . it was a charred mess at the end . we ended up baking the bugs in a reg low heat oven!i think next time i 'd just buy the bug molds and goo and do it w/o the maker.btw , returned it to TRU store w/o any hassles !
 My kids love to make Creepy Crawler bugs but , as other reviews have noted , we have to cook them in our house oven . I think they used the toy oven one time and then the power switch broke and it wo n't slide all the way to the `` on '' position anymore .
 The plastic door is cheaply made . The plastic tab that locks the door in place and allows you to cook broke off the very first time we used it . Without that tab , the product wo n't turn on , so it is useless .
 My 5 year old daughter received this toy from a friend for Christmas last year . She thought it was the coolest toy . When we brought the toy home and opened it ... there was no bulb , and nowhere open on Christmas to buy one . When we were finally able to get a bulb for the toy the next day , much to her disappointment , it takes approximately 10-12 minutes to `` cook '' the bugs and another 12-15 minutes for the machine to cool down so the door can be opened -LRB- safety feature -RRB- . She was not very happy with having to wait almost a half an hour for one spider to be made . Needless to say , she dose n't play with that toy much now .
 My 5 year old wanted this toy very much . Nobody told me about the flimsy base for the bulb . It took about 15 mins . just to get the lightbulb working . He enjoyed using the goop . Then we had to cook each mold about three times to get it to a somewhat solid form . Then only at the END of the instructions did we read to use only the FX in the legs and arms . Next time we 're putting it in the oven . `` Mommy , I 'm tired of waiting , '' says Michael over and over again .
 My 9 year old received this for Christmas . These are her comments
 O.K. I read all the reviews before buying this toy for my son for xmas ; it sounded cool and lots of fun . He was thrilled when he opened the present ... but we still have not successfully used it . At this moment there is uncooked goop sitting in a tray because we did n't have the right wattage -LRB- or size -RRB- light bulb in our house . Every xmas I stock up on AA , AAA , C , D batteries in preparation for xmas , but never did I think about getting a lightbulb that would work in this toy . Why did n't anyone write about this in their reviews , I at least could have been prepared xmas morning . So I do n't know how great this toy is until I get the lightbulb .
 These keys seemed like a cool toy , but my four-and-a-half month old daughter was laying on her stomach and playing with them , and a key went all the way down her throat . All the way . Very scary . I do n't think the toy design is flawed , I just think it 's something to watch out for .
 I love Sassy products , this one was a bummer though . The keys are so long my baby can gag herself with them . No fun ! The keys are also plastic , I was hoping there would be some rubber on them since most Sassy toys have that on them.I would skip this toy and get the circle rattle .
 My son likes the clacking noise when I shake the keys , but they are not good for chewing and I do n't let him hold them because he poked himself in the eye !
 As with so many things , even very small children will ignore the imitation meant to be `` just like Mommy 's '' in favor of the real thing . My son has chewed on the tassle a few times at the height of a teething episode -LRB- and then decided it was n't even satisfactory for that -RRB- , but he has completely ignored the key aspect . I ended up waiting until he was a year old and giving him a set of real blanks on a wrist coil key chain . THEY are one of the first toys he asks for every morning -- and the Sassy keys remained untouched in the toy box . My niece was the same way -- they were actually HER keys first , and we `` inherited '' them because she never played with them . You win some , you lose some . But inexpensive as these are , I would n't buy them again .
 We ordered this for my 3 year old daughter , when it arrived we were really not impressed with it and how flimpsy it was ... putting it together it broke in two places - it 's a very cheap product even for that price . We ended up getting the Melissa and Doug shopping cart and are thrilled with it , well worth the price difference , it will last forever unlike this one .
 Wow !! I feel so ripped off !! This cart is a piece of crap !! You 'd think that paying $ 20 for this with all the little extras -LRB- coupons , play $ , shopping lists , play food -RRB- is a great deal ... not @ all . This toy should cost $ 5 or less . If I would 've seen this @ a store , I would n't have given this a chance & bought the Little Tikes one which looks way more durable than this joke of a cart . I do n't see this toy lasting a week . It 's so flimsy & not sturdy @ all . It just looks awful ... looks way better online . Do n't let yourself be deceived & believe that all the negative reviews are true . I thought I would give this a chance & it looked like a great deal especially when they advertise the extras . What a waste of $ !! 1st off , the cart is not all metal . The basket itself is made out of this flimsy plastic ... ours is crooked . If we try to fix it , it 'll probably break . The seat is made out of cloth . This cart is so short . My 5 yr . old son looks like a giant compared to this toy . The play $ , shopping lists , & coupons have to be cut with scissors . You can tell that the play $ was printed on regular printing paper ... looks very cheap . The play food is tiny & I 'm not exaggerating either.I feel so ashamed & embarrassed for ordering this for my son . I should 've believed all the negative reviews I read . My son waited 8 days -LRB- actually longer 'cause he had to earn it -RRB- to get his shopping cart & he was so excited . When my husband & I saw this , we were super disappointed . This is not a good quality toy @ all & any kid deserves better than this toy can deliver . Save yourself the time & $ & look elsewhere . I will be ordering another shopping cart & when we get it , this one is going back to Amazon . We 're definitely getting a refund on this garbage .
 I returned this shopping cart a few minutes after receiving it . The basket is made of plastic and the `` frame '' is made of very light aluminum with very few connections to hold it together securely
 This is a complete waste of money ! I thought that because it has metal parts it would hold up to my twins ' play - not at all ! The basket is flimsy plastic and made of several pieces you have to snap together , and they come apart whenever you put anything with any kind of weight in it -LRB- I guess that 's why the toy comes with play products made out of paper -RRB- . My 2 year-olds snapped the bottom metal grid part off of the piece where the wheels are , and my daughter actually got her sock snagged on the metal , so good-bye sock -LRB- luckily her foot was ok -RRB- ! I 'm very sorry I bought this thing , because now I have to go buy another , sturdier one .
 I brought this for my 2 years old son who loves pushing shopping cart . This toy grocery cart looks real enough but I must say the real thing is so flimsy that I do n't think it worth half of the price . I would not buy it if I had seen the real thing . It is too light even for my son to push it . I think the unrealistic of the whole package has turned him off . He does n't play with it at all . A total disappointment .
 The biggest disappointment -LRB- among many -RRB- about this toy is that the items that go in the cart are so small that they do not even cover the bottom of the cart if all laid down flat . In the picture , the cart is overflowing with groceries . I realize it says that items may vary from what is shown in the picture , but it says due to `` constant improvement '' insinuating that what you get may actually be better than what you see . What a joke ! Furthermore , the fake money looked like it was printed off from a home computer and had to be cut apart by hand , no perforation or anything ... same for the `` coupons '' and `` shopping list '' that came with it . In addition , the seat for a doll is not big enough for any doll I 've ever seen . It 's barely big enough for a Beanie Baby stuffed animal . It is also mostly plastic , not metal like the advertisement insinuated . If you are looking for a shopping cart for your toddler , keep looking . This is not a good value .
 I almost wonder if some of the earlier reviews are of a different product . The one I just assembled is pretty flimsy . Be aware that although the description says `` metal frame '' , the basket itself is plastic . It hangs off of the frame by just two plastic clips . I am not sure how well it 's going to hold up to my toddlers ' play but I suspect they are going to pull it apart in short order . It 's cute but I wish I 'd paid about half of what I did for it -LRB- which , incidentally , is about half of what it 's currently listed for on here -RRB- .
 This shopping cart is not very sturdy - VERY wobbly !! It is VERY small and wo n't hold much food . The ` seat ' for doll would not hold most dolls it is VERY small - maybe a weibkin . It arrived with VERY small pretend food -LRB- not as pictured -RRB- and no money/coupons/or list as promised . I would NOT buy this item again -- buy a sturdier one that will last !!
 From the way that the picture looked I thought that the basket would be made from the same metal material that the bottom is made of . It is not ! This makes the entire toy extremely flimsy . I would not recommend this particular shopping cart to anyone .
 This thing is crap . Looks much better on the picture then in real life . Light weight plastic junk . Do n't buy .
 I was so excited to get this for my daughter for Christmas . However , I was so disappointed when we put it together . It is really flimsy and poorly made . The cart actually bends when my kids walk with it . The money and products that come with it are also very uder-whelming . I would not purchase this product again .
 While our daughter certainly enjoyed playing with it , the lack of quality really detracts from the experience . The cheap plastic wheels tend to jam up and it 's not at all sturdy -LRB- easily bent out of shape -RRB- . If you have younger children in the house I 'd even say this is a bit dangerous as there 's nothing to prevent a toddler from tipping it over . Cheap , Cheap , Cheap ...
 I bought this item at my local grocery store for half price . Problem is that it was missing a part , one side of the wheels ! It 's just laying in my playroom for a year . We ca n't use it until I find a replacement part . And it 's pretty flimsy . the doll seat only moves about 2 inches back . the doll will need to be pretty small .
 I was disappointed after I assembled this shopping cart for my 2 young children . It 's smaller than I thought it would be and it 's not sturdy . Actually , it looks very cheap . It 's definitely not worth the price .
 Shopping carts are fun , but this one has terrible wheels , is flimsy , just a bunch of cheap soft plastic . Finally died on us.Do not recommend . Get the Little Tikes instead .
 Not sturdy , my toddler fells several times pushing the cart.not good for little kids.toy articles included are made of paper and everybody with little kids knows that those are not going to last.we returned it and both a different one
 This cart is very cheaply made , everything fall apart . in the picture looks like its out of metal but its plastic , plastic basket . its not worth the money , if I knew I would 've spent more money and got something better for my boys . : - -LRB-
 the quality is just not there and it fell apart the first week of having it ... If i were you i would not buy it
 My 2 year old LOVES this toy - us , not so much . YOU assemble it in the first place -LRB- snaps together . -RRB- Very cheaply made , falls/comes apart all the time , wheels jam , tips over because it has NO weight to it . -LRB- Ca n't tell you the number of times my little guy has ended up doing a faceplant/buttplant on the floor ! -RRB- We finally let him take it outside to beat the `` whooha '' out of it so we can buy one more substancial . Do n't waste your money - buy one that looks heavier and hefty .
 I was not pleased with this item at all.It was not durable at all for the price.I do not usally comment on products but the quality of this was so poor I would like to prevent someone else from wasting their money.I bought two for my twin grandaughters and one was bent within a week of giving it to them , that you could no longer push it.They did love them though , just wish they were made better.Small World Toys Living Toys Shop 'N' Go Shopping Cart
 Amazon wo n't let me give this `` zero stars . '' We got the toy for Christmas , and it 's defective -- when the toy lands on `` Cow , '' it says , `` Dog '' ! We did n't get a receipt and do n't know what store it came from , so it was a sad waste of money from a well-meaning relative . Do n't make the same mistake !
 My daughter got this `` CD player '' for her birthday . It plays some cheesy renditions of nursery rhyme songs , but the only thing my daughter wants it to do is make the power drill sound that it makes when you push the big button on the front . Very annoying !
 My daughter received this as a birthday gift . She absolutely loved it , but within 3 months the push button in the middle stopped working , so you had to turn the CD by hand if you wanted to use it . We kept it around because she liked it , but just recently when we turned it on the sounds were all garbled , we changed the batteries to make sure that was n't it and it was still garbled . My daughter has had this toy for about 8 months now and it is the worst I have seen . The quality is not worth the price . I am sad to see that my brother paid so much for a toy of poor quality . I would have to say buyer beware with this toy .
 my 1 year old daughter loved this toy , she would press the botton to make the disc spin and then dance to the music . The music is okay , not annoying like most noisy toys . But after a month or two of rough play it no longer spins . It will still play the music and if you move the wheel by hand I can select the different songs , but my daughter does n't play with it anymore she has totally lost interest in it since it broke . I guess she liked to watch it spin and light up . I have n't called Fisher Price to complain about it yet , but I should -- they have been good about making amends for other products that have been faulty .
 If this is a CD player , then my kid 's See-and-Say is a record player . This does n't play CD 's - it just has a spinning plastic disc with pictures . I was rather dissappointed with this purchase ...
 This rocket is -0 Star beacuase it said to bent gently and it broke and it said to a slight cut on the wings and it broke.Quest Product got on my Nerves
 I 'm an Etch A Sketch enthusiast -LRB- stop laughing -RRB- . `` Pocket '' used to be my favorite size , but as of around September 2012 the design has gotten smaller . Instead of 4.25 '' x 3.75 '' -LRB- 2.75 '' x 2 '' drawing area -RRB- , it is now 3.75 '' by 3.25 '' -LRB- 2.25 '' x 1.5 '' drawing area -RRB- . This makes it far less usable and does n't really make it any more portable , since it 's still 1.5 '' thick . I 'm really , really unhappy with this change , but I suppose that 's mostly my preference . I will probably need to use `` travel '' size now.The main problem is that the current image and dimensions on the product page here are misleading . I 'll try to add a picture showing the relative sizes.It is worth noting that drawing and erasing seem to work just fine .
 Overpriced for being a travel size . Not overly impressed with the product but will do for the gag gift it is intended for .
 purchased item ... . it came with contents missing ... . sent item back and amazon sent another package with an item missing , finally requested a full refund and i have still not been given my refund and the website doesnt allow me to correspond with anyone about the problem , also there is no phone number to call anyone in customer service ... i just recieved a form letter that states that they could not give me my refund becuase they did not charge me for the second shipment ... . of course they did not it was an exchange , idiots ... any one else having problems like this please email me . . becuase this is ridiculous if it is not an isolated incidentgransenor@yahoo.com
 I bought this game for nephew who is eight . It has a lot of pieces and a lot of colors , which makes it fun for a kid . The game is really kind of boring and the labrynth tiles are hard to slide .
 My husband ordered this , thinking it would be bigger . It 's TINY ! What a joke . This is way overpriced for the size . Lesson learned
 I ordered this for my toddler to play with on the airplane . However , you can barely see the lines , and it wo n't erase the pathetic lines that are on it . I was counting on this , and the manufacturer and seller let me down .
 I bought 3 of these for gifts for my daughter , aged 7 and 2 granddaughters , aged 3 & 4 . Everyone of them stopped working in less than 3 months . And , these things are n't cheap anymore , just cheaply made !
 This etch-a sketch appeared to be similar to the one of my youth . The toy can not draw a picture . The nobs barely move to create lines , so that the picture as shown on the object could never be made with this toy . The grains simply become a dark gray shower across the board and nothing else . The toy was very disappointing . Since it was a gift for my grandson , it was difficult to take this toy and return it . I would not suggest purchasing it .
 This product appeared to be much bigger than it was . I was disappointed with this order .
 My mother took my daughter to a toy store and let her pick out a little treat , as grandmothers often do . My darling little one chose this item . She was almost in tears when she came home and tried to put them on her Groovy Girls . They do n't fit.When I first saw Flaunt Your Feet , my only thought was , `` A flip flop fits between the toes ... our Groovy Girls HAVE no toes . How is this supposed to work ? `` The vast majority of Groovy Girls come with attached shoes
 I returned this item - something I rarely do . I was very disappointed in this chess set , even though it was purchased for a child . The playing surface is heavy grade paper , but not coated in any way . It is sure to be damaged in no time since it also serves as the exterior of the case . The cheapest checker/chess sets come with coated paper surfaces . The pieces were plastic , the wood box itself was pretty cheaply constructed . Although I only paid $ 30 , I 've seen beginner sets in much better quality with wood pieces on wood boards for the same price . Overall , not at all worth the $ $ . Skip this one !
 this is obviously a fake the product pictured is no transformer it 's a veratech fighter jet from the macross serries
 I have for some time suspected that some of the toys I get for my 20-month old , are really mostly for me . This one falls in that category . It 's a Montessori-style toy ; it produces music by turning a knob and the child can see how the mechanism works . The little red man goes up and down as if he is dancing to the tune.Well , while I was delighted with the toy and it 's incredible education value , my boy did not agree . For about a week he tried to yank out the red man . This because he has other wooden toys with similar wooden peg men that can be removed . Well , the red man in this toy is staying put . Then he lost interest altogether , but every now and then , he brings it to me so I can play the music . In the 3 months that he 's had the toy he 's played it a total of 10 minutes . I am hoping he will get to appreciate it more when he 's older.I have two little complaints regarding this toy and the company . First , the knob is a little too long , so when you turn it in the lowest position there is no room for the hand to fit between the knob and the flat surface where the toy is placed . So turning the knob requires more dexterity - you have to twist your fingers or bring your hand up or even place the toy at the edge of a table . I suspect this is the reason why my boy always brings it to me to play instead of playing it himself . -LRB- I must also say that a three-year old friend of my son was also struggling with the down position of the handle -RRB- . The second complaint I have is about the somewhat high shipping costs of Tag Toys , which in addition to the CA tax add up quite a bit to their not-so-cheap toys.UPDATE 9/10/11The toy broke . There is no way to fix it , and I tried all weekend . For being used very lightly for only about a month , this is unacceptable !
 When I ordered the topper I thought that the product would include everything in the picture . In truth it is just Woody himself that is the topper . I will still be able to use it but am very disappointed by the misleading picture . Will have to completely replan my daughters birthday cake !
 I could n't wait to buy this for our two toddlers . Not long after I popped it open -LRB- it is quite easy to set up , takes about 5 seconds -RRB- and attached the two tunnels , my kids were happily crawling through it . Then ... uh oh ! With normal movement , the tunnels detached easily , the kids found it cramping to sit and play together under the dome , and they became frustrated that they could n't freely crawl from one tunnel through the dome and out the other side of the second tunnel without getting their clothing and sneakers caught on the sides or on the velcro.My kids are petite , and still they were clumsy inside . They gave up on it after 20 minutes and we just packed it up for return . I read the age guidelines and figured they 'd be just fine , but aside from it folding easily and storing conveniently in a carry bag , this is not the oodles of fun that it 's advertised to be . I 'd recommend a play tent that does not feature attachable tunnels ... they DETACH way too easily !
 I looked for a toy like this for a long time in many places . I ordered it from Amazon . After opening the package it smelled so badly of moth balls that it made my whole house smell like an old lady 's closet . The fabric is a type of thick paper-like substance , not like the older Play Hut toys . The colors are not as bright as a result . I 'm going to send it back .
 This tank was a gift for my youngest son , who loves all things having to do with the Army . This tank however was not what I expected . It did not work properly and my son was very disappointed . I wanted to return it , but my son is adamant in fixing it .
 The Box on the image specifically says `` Type 90 '' . How will people buy this if they do n't know if they 'll get an actual Abrams tank . they better rename the product or change the image if they want to sell .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 I bought this bobble head for my friend b/c I had purchased one for myself and she loved it but when this one came the head would n't bobble .
 I did not like the size . It said HO on the box but it was as small as an &#34; N &#34; . I was very disapointed .
 The picture clearly shows six risers and the price would reflect that but I received one , packaged in a taped plastic baggy .
 Usually ships in one to two months ? Seriously ? Why would anyone buy this ?
 I bought this item together with the German Tiger 1 Snaptite kit for my son . Both items were supposed to be molded in color but when they arrived were in the standard grey that comes with other model kits that you have to paint . I contacted the manufacturer Revell USA to get some feedback on recourse available but they have not acknowledged my complaint -LRB- I supplied photos of items , upc code and original sales receipt -RRB- . I then contacted Revell Germany who responded immediately but told me that they did not manufacture the product and I would have to deal with Revell USA . I guess I will have to bite the bullet and buy a separate paint kit .
 Very disappointed in this purchase to say the least . When I ordered I assumed it was a box of 120 different colored crayons . Instead I received two of the same boxes of 60 count crayons . Of which one box received with every single crayon broken in multiple pieces the other box was fine -LRB- received in same package -RRB- . Which leads me to believe they were sent broken , I do n't think it happened I 'm delivery process . Needless to say I would n't recommend buying these , they were misleading about what I was receiving and could n't even use 60 of the crayons .
 This product was not worth the money I spent . The figures legs do n't bend and he looks cheap.This product is just cheesy looking .
 I was excited to come across this product thinking they would be great stocking stuffers for my kids . The package came and there was only ONE music box . The description is deceiving and I thought I would be getting all 8 . VERY DISAPPOINTED . I love the product , but would have NEVER purchased them for that price if I knew I was only getting ONE .
 This item pictures many princesses , but the game is actually the Cinderella edition . So , if you are buying it because you want one with Ariel or Jasmine , do not purchase this one .
 When this product arrived it was n't the family edition that was advertised the Disney edition was sent instead . . Plus it had a Kohls.com price sticker on the bottom of $ 29.95 and the company charged us $ 89.00 . I would never do business with this company again !
 I purchased this boat -LRB- new -RRB- for my son from amazon/etoysworld , upon taking it out of the box , we took it outside to our pond , one propeller did not work , the off-on switch was not functioning , very poor quality .
 We love the Cranium games at our home ... we have several , however , this one fell short as far as we are concerned . The kids simply found it boring and enjoyed throwing the bouncing balls rather than playing the game . We 'll stick too some of the other cranium games .
 We are a big game family and have all of the Cranium games . I love the new ideas they have and am constantly impressed by their uniting of intelligence and fun , however , bumparena is not their best work . Now , my daughter might be a little on the old side for this game -LRB- 9 -RRB- , but she still loves Hullabulo and Cariboo , which are aimed at the younger kids . Bumperena is just not fun over and over . It also is a pain to set up and does n't fit back in the box . The idea is cool , and the pieces are cool looking , but the game is not exciting and it sits on our shelf collecting dust . You would do better to invest in Cadoo , the Family Fun Cranium or Balloon Lagoon . These days , my daughter is really into Conga , but if your kids are under 7 , I would n't recommend it , there is a lot of writing with out assistance . Bumperena is overrated .
 Product stated it was complete ; however , was not . Missing 4 out of 5 legs that make it stand up . Therefore , need to improvise .
 I got this for my anxiety , have something to keep my hands busy . The day it was delivered and I took it out , I really liked the way it felt . However , not even four hours after anxiously squeezing it - not even hard ! - and massaging it in my hand , I felt something wet . It was leaking . I instantly got depressed . It may not have been much , but still , it was a big waste of money .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and we had a lot of fun decorating the box . The only problem is that nothing stayed on , the pink netting fell off within a couple of days , the sticker gems were falling off . I tried to re-glue using a hot glue gun and they still fell off . Right now , there are 3 pink gems left on the top and that 's it . I would not buy this item again .
 My daughter had fun decorating her box but the craft glue had dried and sealed so I have to cut open the bottle to use that . Everything went on beautifully but nothing stayed on . We let everything dry and the second time she opened it the skirt started falling off , then jewels started popping off , even the glitter flue peeled off ! I would say affix everything with craft glue but there was n't enough to do that so you would have to have your own . We also had trouble with the musical workings at first . Dad was thankfully able to fiddle with it enough to get it moving and after a day or two of on/off working it finally works correctly every time . So the product is n't high quality but is ok for the price if you are willing to put in a little extra effort to make it work .
 This game was hard to understand at first.Did not care for the huge box ca n't fit the game in a place for storageNot what it says to be easy .
 They are not clear enough that this RC toy car DOES NOT steer like a traditional RC toy car . This toy moves ONLY in two directions
 When I received the doll I turned it on and she made about 4 or 5 facial expressions before she said a word . She is not operating properly and since I ordered the doll a month and a half beofre my daughter 's birthday , I was unable to return or exchange . I was told to contact the manufacture . I guess the doll was mishandled before it reached me ... Be careful .
 It has been almost a month since I ordered this product and have not received it yet . I was given a notice a few days later that it was backordered and that was fine , but I have received no word since .
 this review is just based on my personal opinions and preferences .1 . no paints included , it 's just a pale car ... I do n't like to spray paint anything and make a mess in my home , and I 'm afraid the brush wont make the painting smooth and shiny . not to mention that you 'll need to spend another $ 10 or more for the paints and tools ! 2 . glue is needed for everything , otherwise pieces wo n't stay , they do n't clip onto one another .3 . the engine block is not straight , as it is also mentioned by other reviewers .4 . wheels are a headache , one wheel is stuck and ca n't spin while another is too loose that it would fall out very easily .5 . plastic body just seems like a low quality toy .
 Maybe I 'm too dumb to figure it out , but this basket certainly does not fit on the Kiddi-o Supertrike 3 . It can be loosely hung on the front of the handlebars , but was obviously designed to fit a different trike . I 'm very disappointed that Amazon promoted and sold it to me as an accessory for this particular trike .
 Simple . This basket does not fit the supertrike 3 , even though amazon promoted it as an accessory to the trike . The basket is made for trikes with one handle straight across and unfortunately , the supertrike 3 is a split handle .
 Amazon should not have prompted people to buy this basket with the Supertrike 3 since it does n't work with it !!!!!!! Very disappointing 2 days before Christmas when it came time to put it together .
 I too have just become aware that this basket does not fit the Kiddio-3 trike ! It came up as an accessory item while ordering this item . We just tried to put the basket on the trike , as everyone else just said , it does not fit ! I 'm very frustrated with this ! I usually always read the reviews on items before I buy them . In this case I did n't because it was an accessory item and I never thought Amazon would have this listed if it was incorrect , especially seeing as they have been made aware of this problem ! I will be calling them tomorrow , and I hope that they will be good about returning it . I refuse to pay for the shipping , the basket itself only cost $ 10 . If anything , I have learned a lesson to make sure I ALWAYS read the reviews ! VERY disappointing !
 I ordered the Kettler tricycle basket 2 times and both baskets had large holes in the wire mesh basket where the wire mesh was missing in different places . As the basket is for my child to put special items in , I would like a basket that is not defective . I am ordering this basket ONE more time and hoping that I get a good product . I am starting to wonder if that exists , which is sad considering this is a Kettler brand product and the tricycle itself was extremely pricey . I expect much better quality products from Kettler than this .
 The basket is poorly designed . My 18 month-old son easily takes it off . It would be better if it were designed like the Kettler bell and could n't be removed just by pulling on it .
 This basket does not work well with the Happy Navigator model . I need to use a string in order to keep the basket from falling off . I am very disappointed with the product .
 This thing does not even stay on . It is now just sitting on a shelf .
 I have the Kettrike Air Happy tricycle , which my 2-year-old daughter loves . However this basket falls off with the slightest jarring of the tricycle . I used garbage bag ties to keep it on which is n't so bad . I would probably still buy it again since it fits in the spot on the bike nicely .
 What a horrible game . Everyone comes out a winner . There is no competition among players , Kids and especially young males need outlets for competitive expression . What a loser game.Kids get some imaginary idea that everything will be fine . All I have to do is show up . Well they need to understand ... SOMEONE WILL LOSE . Just as they will when they grow up.What utter PC clap trap . Likely thought up by an academic that really believes this stuff.This is the nonsense being taught at the University level in all these '' ... Studies '' departments . Anything with the word '' ... Studies '' at the end is to be avoided . Things like `` cultural STUDIES '' , `` Womyns Studies `` They are all the sort that espouses `` Everything comes up roses '' school of thought . Does terrible things to human thought and perseverance .
 This turned out to be a very cheap piece of junk and was probably worth about $ 2 instead of the $ 17 that I paid -LRB- including shipping -RRB-
 This is not the miss piggy I had hoped for ... . I thought I was getting the original miss piggy doll . but it is not , and the arms do not move as the advertisement said ...
 I 'll keep this real simple . The doll is not posable . I have the Kermit the Frog doll ... that is posable . This doll ? Just a regular stuffed animal .
 Well , first off , this thing is tiny . The 7 '' mentioned in the product description is measured diagonally , from beak to tail . Second , the color is n't anything like the picture . Instead of grey , the wings are a sort of mossy green . I think my 18 month old wo n't mind , so I might keep it , but I 'm disappointed .
 These are just so-so . I bought these for my daughter over the summer and they are already drying out and not really that colorful on the paper anymore , even though I 'm adamant about putting the caps on tightly after use . I would stick with the old school thick Crayola markers , as those seem to last longer .
 I purchased these markers at the local grocery store , wanting to increase my children 's color choices for markers . Because I had them in my hand , I saw that there were only 5 scented markers , so that was n't a problem . We have several sets of Crayola 's broad tip washable markers . When my 3 year old used them on the coffee table and made a few marks off the paper , I thought , no problem Crayola 's washable markers always come off . Not this time - after several washings , the marks are still there .
 I bought 5 of these , all of them only had a few SCENTED in them , not all were SCENTED ... . clearly kids were not too happy ... . if you sell SCENTED markers , they should all be scented dont you agree ?
 this is my 3 year old son 's favorite toy . the 10th anniversary buzz and the 10th anniversary woody were gifts at Christmas . Woody lost his arms within a week . Buzz lost a leg within two weeks but my husband managed to fix buzz . tonight Buzz lost an arm and is not fixable . They both had a sound feature that also failed within a week or so . I am disappointed because my son loved them so much and is going to be heartbroken when they need to go in the trash . I would replace but they are junk and well , expensive junk . I wish they had been more durable .
 OK , this is going to sound like a small thing , but not to my 7-year-old son.He and I looked through all the sidewalk chalk available on Amazon . He specifically wanted a chalk package with a handle -LRB- like the one he used to have , before his little sister got hold of it . -RRB- . Say what you will , but tote-ability is a priority . So he chose this one.In spite of the picture , our item came without the handle . He was really disappointed , but did n't want to send the thing back , and be without his new chalk . I get that.Perhaps more importantly , I do n't see a way to contact this seller now that I 've received the package and have no idea how to contact them to see if they can just send me out a handle . The only option I saw on Amazon was a review.Here 's hoping they read them . I 'd love to be able to just add the .04 - cent handle to the box my son already has ... and thereby fix the toy he expected .
 Why bother with a boppy cover when it does nothing to protect the boppy from spit-ups and poop accidents ? It 's obviously not practical to throw the boppy in the wash each time this happens . I can only imagine how stinky this boppy will soon get .
 These tubes are great and easy for my two - and four-year-old to use , but they 're so little , that the colors were used up in less than a half hour . The glitter glue comes out too fast .
 The acrylic sheet I was sent was not Lexan.This is either a mistake by the resellers or a disgraceful bit of mis-advertising . I will not be buying anything from this supplier again .
 This is such a tiny tea set . Do not buy if you are buying this for your child to actually use/drink from . This is more like a set for decoration use . The cup will only hold maybe 1 oz water . The plates are maybe 3 in diameter . The entire box that this came package in is only 5x8 , maybe . I was very disapointed in the size . This is a super cute set though , just very tiny . I 'll be sending this set back .
 After months of trying to deal with how terrible these pencils are , I finally threw them all away.They are impossible to sharpen because the lead is broken inside the wood shaft . The wood shaft on half of them was brittle and would splinter upon attempt to sharpen.I tried several sharpeners thinking the blade might be dull . All sharpeners produced the same result so I decided to try a variety of other pencils , standard and colored . All sharpened perfectly.Bottom line is unless you love activities of futility , get another , any other , colored pencil .
 I am preparing for my elementary-level art class and have just spent almost 40 minutes attempting to sharpen a box of crayola pencils . The leads are so brittle that each pencil has to be sharpened three-four times on average . My table and floor are littered with broken bits of leads !! I would not recommend this product to anyone -- look for another brand !!
 The lead keeps breaking . Takes at least 3-4 times of sharpening without breaking . Do not waste your money on these unless you 're trying to improve your pencil sharpening skills .
 I purchased a 12 pack of Prismacolor pencils and then I purchased a 50 pack of these crayola . Not only is the lead in the Prismacolor longer lasting than the Crayola 's , but you can also forget sharpening them . No matter how soft I tried to sharpen the Crayola 's the lead kept breaking . It would take me 3 broken tips for every one decent tip . The lead is so brittle , that it breaks while sharpening like you would n't believe . I tested the strength by using one that had already been shapened , and made one light twist . Just one . It came out broken . I would lose over an inch and a half with each sharpen . Being that the Prismacolor 's are twice the cost of the Crayola 's - yet the Crayola 's are shorter lasting , break-easily , and lay more lead per stroke-that makes the Prismacolor a far better buy . This does n't even take into account the soft detail of the Prismicolor 's . Unless you have a Crayola bumper-sticker on your car , own stock in Crayola , or just have a fetish for non-stop utensil sharpening , buy something else . Now , if you 'll excuse me ; I have a colored-pencil to sharpen and I only have 15 minutes to do it in ...
 I ordered colored pencils because I could n't find them overseas -LRB- military -RRB- at the beginning of the school year . The shipping time was great , but the quality is lousy . Not sure if the damage occcurred with shipping or with the product , suffice to say that it is n't worth $ 6 in shipping to return $ 12 in pencils . My children , who usually do n't complain , were both mad because the lead kept breaking when they sharpened the pencils and they had to throw several out . Either the quality is lousy or the packaging was a bad idea -LRB- they were not protected in any way , just directly wrapped with a cardboard box that matched in size of the two boxes ordered -RRB- . The pencils themselves were not broken . Mad at myself for wasting my money .
 All the color pencils are broken inside , my daughter could not color with them at all . The tip comes off right away.You can sharpen the pencil all you want , but the tip comes off intermediately .
 We bought these for my 6 year old son who loves to color . He loves markers , but his 2 year old brother was a bit too enthusiastic with them on my furniture , so we 've got the pencils instead.The colors are great , but the quality is atrocious . You need to sharpen them every few minutes -LRB- if you want a decent job -RRB- , but they are so brittle I keep dumping broken tips . The only good way to sharpen them is by using a sharp blade , but it 's time-consuming and not exactly safe with 2 active boys roaming around . We have a box of cheap pencils my husband got in some airport in Europe couple of years ago and they still have some juice -LRB- OK , lead -RRB- left in them ! The Crayola wo n't last more than a couple of month for color-happy user !
 I think the game was written following a `` recipe '' ... insert new character name ... insert particular ending ... similar to a cheesy novel , only with much fewer pages . One particular item which stands out is the lack of speaking order ... this makes it confusing for the participants to know when to start.for the money , there should be more detail as in a fiction book . There should be more prompting from the host so the guests know when to speak . It was also difficult to figure out whodunnit amid the confusion of the participants.I have attended professional murder mysteries and have hosted some at home and can attest to the difficulty ... but ... that 's why i 'm paying you guys , or i 'd write my own .
 This was my first murder mystery , but I had far higher expectations than this . The CD consisted of one very useless track -LRB- sounds of the party for a few seconds , clicking of heels , champagne opening , pouring , someone choking , and instructions to start . That 's it . As for the cards with information , you only get some information on your character per `` chapter '' , but it 's difficult to make a convincing defense without knowing everything about your character.It would make more sense to get a full explanation and bio , THEN instructions on what you must/can reveal per chapter . Also , even after we found out who was the murderer , we all had unanswered questions about the story.We had fun in spite of the game 's format and poorly written characters and plot . I 'll try again , but not by this brand .
 I got this sock as recommended by the maker of the iron . I used it several times on one plane but it had develpoed a hole quite quickly before the plane was even done . I ended up just getting an old sock out of the drawer and using it . I would not recommend this product to anyone unless they do something to improve durability or give them away free .
 I bought this first through `` Best Service Stores '' months ago and through `` Toysonics '' early this month -LRB- January -RRB- and BOTH turn out to be 22 '' radius track and NOT 18 '' radius .
 I did n't want to buy the Lamaze toys because they are ugly so I got this cute dog . I attached it to our stroller and the mirror reflects the sun into my babies eyes ! I had to put a sticker over it . We ended up getting a Lamaze toy , which she loves since it has more textures and colors .
 The stylized font on the box is very misleading . These are NOT 3D valentines . They are regular valentines . There are 30 valentines in the box . The stylized font makes the `` 30 '' look like `` 3D '' .
 I had no idea how tiny this thing would be . I guess I did n't pay enough attention to the 6 '' on the description . It was so small that my six month old is n't into it at all . I ended up going to Babies R Us and buying her a bigger one that she just loves !! Maybe she will like it when she 's older but right now , she wants a big Elmo .
 I 'm here at Amazon today trying to find an alternative footbag to buy and saw the ratings on this product which I 'm about to throw out so figured I 'd share my $ .02 on the thing . It 's not worth $ .02 however.Have used this for one session . It 's a crying shame Wham-O now owns the rights to the Hacky Sack brand . There was a time when made in China meant something , but not anymore . The pleather panels are coming apart at the seams on 2 locations on this thing . I mean really , why bother even making the product Wham-O if you have to cut so many corners that the product is this cheap ? What exactly are you thinking?Save yourself some irritation . Spend your money on any other product . This is not a hacky sack like the hacks of old .
 Looked nice , but the workmanship is horrible . My son played with it for 10 minutes and the stitching is already breaking open .
 Too small not good enough for a toddler maybe for a 2 year old had to return it back : - -LRB-
 Very poor packaging , it was broken in two places . The chair was extremely light due to the flimsy size of the arms , spindles in the back and seat . The wood was also dry and splintered . I would not recommend for anything other than a decorator piece .
 I have found this product to be very unreliable . The remote control unit works less than 50 % of the time , even with fresh batteries . It is poorly manufactured and I am very dissatisfied with its overall quality .
 Bought this product for my seven-year-old son for Christmas . A few days before Christmas I gave it a test run and , like the previous reviewer , found that the ball sticks and that sometimes hits and outs do n't register . So I returned it and got a new one . I gave it a test run for a few minutes and it seemed fine so under the tree it went . Christmas morning my son is excited by the game but after playing with it for five to ten minutes the ball starts to stick again requiring him to pick the game up and tilt it slightly . One or two times he could live with but it got to be every five or six pitches . Very annoying . Then , inexplicably , the game starting shutting off -- once after he and I had played four innings . So I replaced the brand new batteries with three more brand new batteries . But it continued to happen every time he played with it . Eventually he gave up but , because he actually enjoyed the game when it worked , he went back to it the next day . Same thing happened . So I had to return it . It was bad enough that my son was disappointed but the fact that he still believes in Santa made it worse because he thinks Santa gave him a defective toy . So now we have to send it back to the `` North Pole '' and have Santa send a new one , with letters to and from Santa included . If the D + engineer who designed this toy is reading this , then thanks for taking some of the fun out of my son 's Christmas . Also , if you ever get around to re-designing the toy , make it slightly harder to score runs . A 26-17 score after four innings is a bit ridiculous , even for a toy for an elementary school kid .
 This is a pretty good Idea , Son and I enjoyed it . Problems were found , The ball sticks , have to be tilted to shake loose . It does not always makes announcments on balls , outs and homeruns . Looks and sounds good.It held him for about an hour , then he went to something else . Priced a little high because of the problems . $ 10 less would be OK .
 I just read the reviews for the new Smart Cycle and it says this has a known flaw . Our first one broke a few months after we received it . We received a new one and it worked a little longer than 2 months but it is now broke . The smart cycle does not read the programs . So we cut off the cord and have a stationary bike which the kids use very little . Overall , the quality is a piece of trash . Spend the extra money and get the newer version , unless you want to have a stationary bike for the kids .
 I love the idea behind this toy , but our smartcycle has never worked correctly . It is extremely difficult to get it to read games . I always have to help the kids by blowing off the cartridge and cartridge slot and turning the game on and off until it decides to work for a few minutes . Also , some idiot decided to make this toy run off of batteries only - which is extremely expensive since the toy uses a lot of power and the batteries do n't last long . I would NOT recommend this toy until they make some improvements .
 This product is kind of waste , except for the fact that kids get some excercise . Too expensive and no durability . Compared to similar educational toys , especially V-tech V-smile motion , games are n't that educative and interesting . Less number of games available , and they are costlier than V-smile games.I got this Feb 2009 for my kid , before mar 15 the right pedal is broken , it lost its threads . We have to throw it . Wasted money on this toy . Though my 3yr old son was very much obcessed to this toy , he was disappointed as the pedal is broken .
 Fisher-Price Smart CycleMy son got this toy for christmas . The first few days it worked great but then it started shuting of and some times would not even turn on . It seems like the wire connection was not working . Also it only takes batteries which should be a BIG NO NO in kids toys . All the toy makers should know by now that you have to have a plug addapter . who wants to go through all those batteries . If your child forgets to turn it off -LRB- which most will -RRB- then the batteries do n't last but a few times . It a big flaw . They could have done a much better job in the design overall .
 I got this toy for my 3 year old , and he loved it while it lasted . But that was one day . After about 30 min . of use it quit working , changing batteries , reassembling , nothing worked . I would have chose to return it for a functioning toy except for one fact
 Santa brought this toy to my then 4 year-old son because we live in an area that snows heavily for 6 to 7 months of the year . He saw commercials and thought it looked fun and we thought it would be good exercise for him . We put it together and after about 15 minutes of riding it , one pedal came off . We were able to put it back on and the other fell off a few minutes later ; and it happened immediately again . Time got away from us before we tried to put the other back on , again , and now it wo n't go back on and it 's most likely too late to return it . He literally got about 20 minutes use out of it and it 's not the cheapest toy on the block ! The idea is great but too cheaply made .
 PLEASE NOTE !! I wrote this review and the very next day , -LRB- day 2 of ownership -RRB- after my six year old tried it the right pedal busted off . I knew when I put it together that the threaded part of the pedal was n't very long and had no bolt to lock it on once threaded and sure enough after a few hours of play the threads got worn down and the pedal popped off and wo n't go back on . I called fisher price and they assured me the weight limit can exceed 100 lbs and sent new pedals but since the piece it connects to that is permanently attached to the bike is stripped as well , new pedals do no good . I will be returning the item and replacing it with something completely different until they can fix this serious design flaw.my 3.5 year old daughter is just past the cut off for kindergarten which means an extra year at home with me before she can start school , in an effort to boost her education and give her social interaction she attends preschool and will for 2 years before she meets the age requirement for kindergarten . Preschool is only 3 hours long and I work from home so in an effort to keep her entertained and quiet her demanding to go outside when I need to get work done inside , this SmartCycle is a great compromise!She gets to ride her ` bike ' while I work and we are both happy . the smart cycle keeps her entertained longer than any other activity available to her at home ! It was easy for her to learn and she even improved on her pedaling . She has learned new letter recognition with the first day of playing ! I look forward to adding software to her collection.My only problem with this is I can not find a weight limit and my ` big for her age ' 6 year old is dying to play .
 We bought this for our sons , 5 and 3 , for Christmas . Four days later , it stopped working . I called Fisher Price and we troubleshooted over the phone . It still would not work . The Fisher Price rep said she was sure the trouble was in the cable attached to the steering wheel . We had to send the cycle back and had some very sad boys . I chose to get a refund and I would not recommend this toy .
 The Fisher Price Smartcycle is a good concept , and there are some good points , but this review will focus mainly on the negative ... 1 -RRB- Be aware that most of the games do n't require pedaling ! Many just use the joystick .2 -RRB- There are some key design flaws . a -RRB- Attaching the jumper cable for the handlebars -LRB- a crucial step -RRB- during assembly is difficult due to the shortness of the wires . b -RRB- you ca n't save games c -RRB- The product runs solely on D batteries , with no option to buy an adapter . d -RRB- The `` adjustable seat '' does n't have enough range and can not be changed quickly .3 -RRB- 2-player gaming is virtually impossible in this system . Each cartridge has about 7 games , out of which only 1 will have a 2-player option . One player will race and the other will then try to beat his time . Since the bike seat was clearly not designed for frequent or quick adjustment , this becomes a real problem if you have two kids of different height . There is no way to hook two cycles to one TV .4 -RRB- Quality Control is an issue . We bought a Diego cartridge that did n't work at all -LRB- kept getting stuck on the fisher price page or not starting at all -RRB- , and exchanged it for a hot wheels cartridge that resets itself to the beginning every time you play a certain game . I have also read several reviews on amazon and other websites that indicate similar problems with games and/or the smartcycle itself not working properly .5 -RRB- Game Design
 The SmartCycle was on the top of my 3 year old 's Christmas list shortly after they were introduced by Fisher Price.While we have n't had any real problems with it , I 'm still left feeling as though it was a waste of money . The graphics are terrible , and gameplay is slow and much more simple than initially expected . And , as other reviewers have mentioned , the lack of ability to actually save progress on games played makes for frustrating repetition.Over the past 9 months my son has probably played with this toy about 5 times , at no more than 15 minutes each.I can definitely see where some children would actually enjoy this bike , but it seems to be more of a novelty than anything .
 THis toy must have Battereis to operate . IT did not work out of the box and customer service had to be notified . It was a real pain by the time we were finished -- Not worth the trouble
 We brought this product for our 3 year old son for his christmas . The product is pretty bad and has a lot of defects . The peddle broke after a week and the display cable has a lot of loose connections.The item is not being used now by my son because of the broken peddle on the cycle .
 I do n't think I would waste my money again . It does go through batteries extremely quickly and it is difficult to make sure your 3 year old always turns it off . It does frequently `` freeze up '' , which is very frustrating . The pedals rotate loosely -LRB- not enough resistance -RRB- , so it has been difficult for my 3 year old to control.For $ 100 , I would n't recommend it .
 We received this as a gift with three game cartridges . I thought my kids , who are very active , would love this game . Not so much . First of all , the games , which are $ 20 each , are using technology from the early 1990 's , so the graphics are a little worse than Sega Genesis . The games are massively overpriced , in my opinion . Second , the games are fairly boring for my kids -LRB- ages 2 , 3 and 6 -RRB- . Thirdly , although we left it hooked up to the TV for a full month , they played for it one day . I asked them recently if I could give it away , and all three children said yes.The games are only mildly educational , and I know the point is to get kids off their bottoms and exercising , but your kids would get more exercise if you unplugged the TV and let them run amok in the house -LRB- which is pretty much what our kids do -RRB- . Get them a real bike , sign them up for sports . Smart Cycle is a crutch for parents who do n't want to spend the time to supervise their children outside , not an effective exercise machine for children . Oh , and I have three children and work full time , so trust me , this was very tempting and attractive to me , but it 's not worth the money .
 My son was so excited to see this toy in Toys R Us - and I was anxious to see how he would do with it . He 's 3 , knows all his letters and numbers , so I was n't sure he 'd really be that into it . He jumped on the bike , was so excited , but he could n't get the pedals going . He rides a regular bike with no problems whatsoever -LRB- and has been for nearly 2 years -RRB- , but could n't maneuver the pedals very well at all . The metal parts holding the pedals are too short and make their movements difficult . If you have a child with average to long legs , I would not suggest getting this toy for them . I think educationally it is great and I think the idea of getting kids moving some while playing video games is great , but it needs some improvements for taller kids .
 My wife purchased this toy from Walmart . I assembled it for our 4 year old daughter Christmas morning . I was impressed with the quality of the bike itself however I was only able to get the electronic game part to work for several minutes before it stopped responding altogether . Our daugther was thrilled to try the bike but was obviously disappointed that the games did not work . We returned it for another and this one only worked for about 5 minutes , literally !!! The problem seems to be the on/off switch . The game will boot up and play and then in the middle of a game it will just shut off . I will fiddle with the on/off switch and can sometimes get the game to come back on but what a disappointment for both us and our daughter . We 're bringing this piece of crap back to Walmart . Nice idea , very poor execution ... :-LRB- I 'd love to see something like this done for Playstation3/Xbox/Wii . I 'd happily pay more to see this idea executed in a more professional up to date fashion .
 We bought this for our 3 1/2 yr old daughter . We wanted her to be active indoors because the Florida summer is too hot to be outside . It was easy to set-up and she loved peddling it , but the games were slow , jumpy and did n't keep up with her . She is somewhat advanced in her intellectual development and is accustomed to fast moving games on-line and this just bored her . We turned it on and she would n't last 5 minutes , then she would tell us she was bored . She would sit on it and peddle it while watching TV . It 's VERY sturdy . We had NO concerns about her safety , but she did n't like the slow games . We just did n't think it was worth the money to keep it . We had it less than 2 weeks , then returned it to the `` major toy retailer '' where we had purchased it on sale for $ 20 less than the current price on Amazon .
 This is sad because this should have been a great toy . The concept is brilliant . But the graphics are horrible , the games are boring , and I spend time trying to talk my son into playing it just to justify the money I spent on it . The idea of cycling and playing is wonderful and my son prefers riding it just as much when it is not hooked up as he does while it is . He played it a few times when he first got it , but after the first month , never even asks for it even though it is right by the TV ready to go . Wish I had n't wasted our money , and sad to see it is a top ten wished for toy because I know there will be some frustrated parents and children . It does n't live up to the hype .
 I 'm sad to say that this bike does n't last too long . I got it for my first son , he played it a few times -LRB- not too much , maybe 20 times in all -RRB- . We just brought it out for the second kiddo to try and he played it twice and it stopped working all together . The screen garbled and it turned off three times in a row and then it would n't turn on anymore . I thought it was the batteries at first , but then I changed them with brand new ones and it still would n't turn on . I googled and found that the circuit board has issues and many were returned . Wish I 'd known that sooner ! I do not recommend this toy , it 's quality is n't all that great anyway -LRB- but my boys loved it -RRB- , and then it breaks and makes them sad they ca n't use it .
 There is a problem with this `` toy '' every single time we plug it in . Either it has used up the batteries or the game cards do n't work or it shuts off in use . This is our second - as my 5 year old likes it - after having FP replace our last one -LRB- for the same problems -RRB- . This toy is great fun the rare times it actually works , but typically , I am frustrated and my daughter is distraught when we attempt to get this thing working.I would NOT recommend this to anyone . Complete frustration for all involved ...
 I got this for my daughter last year christmas present , it only keeps her entertain for about a month . Plus all other kinds of games all have the same format , just diff characters and themes , so she got bore pretty fast . Six months later when her friends try to play , it kept froze up and now could n't play anymore .
 My son loves this toy . It is fun for him to play with and easy enough to set up himself.BUT.We are on our THIRD SmartCycle . The first one , the pedals did not work directly out of the box . The second one worked for 2 days , then when we turned it on , it was just white lines across a screen . The games would n't load at all . I 'm pissed that in less than a week I 've had to replace it twice . Plus , the graphics suck , the games are expensive and most of all ... IT IS A GIANT PIECE OF CRAP !!!! Do n't buy this unless you are ok exchanging it 14 times .
 We purchased this for our son for Christmas , as he is physically 8 , but mentally about 4-5 . He simply has not had much opportunity to enjoy it , as the batteries only last about 1 day . I refuse to keep buying batteries so we are trying to decide whether to pass the problem on to someone else , or wield a soldering iron and add an AC power adapter.The gameplay itself is not really that stellar either . We were not expecting PS3 or XBox type video , but perhaps close to PS2 or Wii quality . We purchased two games and the graphics are really blocky , worse than I remember from the game systems from my childhood even.On a positive note I 'm glad they used cartridges instead of DVD 's , as small kids destroy them really quickly.I believe they should have built this as a controller for a better system , such as the wii or even the older PS2 . I love the idea of combining exercise with gameplay , but not sure this is it .
 First , this is a cute toy , and my toddler son likes to play with it , but the way it burns through batteries is pretty inexcusable . That 's the reason I 'm giving it such a low rating . You will purchase the toy , and get a less than a week of use before you have to go and purchase four more DD batteries for the unit . Just buying the batteries will cost you another 20-25 bucks a month if your child likes to use it often -LRB- an 8-pack of D batteries costs about 15-20 bucks , depending on where you buy it -RRB- . It 's such a waste of money -- a toy that costs this much already and then costs another $ 300 a year in batteries to run ? Bad , bad , design . My son likes it , and I appreciate the fact that it 's educational , but it 's really short-sighted that the manufacturer did n't use A/C power . Save your money !
 My daughter received this as a present and has hardly used it . It rarely turns on and now just throws up a screen that is half green -LRB- left -RRB- and the other half is black.I tried to get it working tonight . The D-cell -LRB- D-CELLS !??!!?? -RRB- batteries are all at ~ 1465mV . I used some alligator clips and hooked up a gel-cell at 6400mV and it does the same thing . Battery voltage is not the problem . I suspect the game cartridge terminals might have issues.For the people that are tired of batteries - you can use any 6 volt power source . Facing the bike upside down and from the rear , use the top right negative terminal -LRB- spring -RRB- and lower right positive terminal -LRB- flat -RRB- to power the bike with a large external 6v battery or power supply . I save all old power supplies/transformers for little projects like this . Measure current draw with it running to determine which power supply to use.For the $ $ spent , this toy is the worst toy purchase to date . The Fisher Price rubber coated digital camera is next on that list.Perhaps the problem is cheap Fisher Price stuff . Cheap in quality , certainly not in price .
 I purchased the smart cycle about a month ago for my son 's birthday to ensure it would be here . It was . When we assembled it and tried it out it had no sound . This BlackSheep dealer who sells through Amazon apparently thinks they can sell defective merchandise and not give a refund unless you return it within seven days of receipt of the product . Needless to say , if you 're purchasing this for Christmas and they sell you a piece of junk like they did me , your sol . And of course the single mother living off of $ 850 a month should eat the cost , not the multi million dollar toy dealer .
 This toy did not work . Imagine this is the big gift for your 3 year olds xmas and plugging it in only produced a half yellow and half black screen . Well that 's what happened to me with this piece of crap toy . I know that those are strong words but FP should be ashamed of themselves . This is the 3rd year I have purchased a FP toy that was defective at best and at worst they could have injured my children -LRB- last xmas the play 'n learn piano overheated and scorched my daughters pajama pants and the prior xmas I had batteries explode in my son 's baby swing -RRB- .
 Graphics are awful , game selection
 Our son received this for Christmas . From the start it was obvious that it had wiring issues . We never could get a clear picture . We returned it to a major retailer and exhanged it for another one . We get the second one home , assemble it and we could n't even get the piece of junk to turn on . What a waste of time and energy . I do not recommend this product at all .
 My son is a slow learner-he keeps trying to use this toy even though it breaks EVERY time he tries to ride it . The petal falls off every time . I ordered a new pedal -LRB- at my expense -RRB- but that one falls off also . I thought it was installer error so I had a more fix-it handy person reinstall it . Still broke off . Would not buy it again . If it did n't break , could be a good toy but ca n't tell since it keeps breaking !
 I bought this for my two grandsons , ages 4 & 6 , for Christmas last year . The concept is a great one but needs electrical hookup . But for me the deal breaker was that it really needs to be made more durable . It did n't last but two weeks and fell apart . They did not mind repeating the games which helped to build their confidence as they mastered more and more . But it would have been nice if they could of had their own names and scores like a lot of the other software has that 's out there . Like I said ... GREAT CONCEPT but lacking in durability .
 I seldom write bad reviews here because I am usually careful to buy only items that are of high quality . This piece of junk is not high quality at all . * When * it was working , it had 1980 's quality graphics and sound . I find it amazing that in this day and age Fisher-Price would dare to sell something of such low graphic quality -- especially to children who are now being brought up on HD displays , XBOXes , and ipads . As far as its functioning goes , I have seldom seen a more bug-ridden interface , which barely keeps up with the child as they try to interact with what is on the screen -- and sometimes it does not interact at all.The software is simplistic and sad and all the clunky games look very much alike with only the characters changing . The Hot Wheels and Thomas games are almost interchangeable in terms of activity and functionality . Also , the software has no memory between sessions so the child must start at the beginning each time -- when it is working!The cycle sucked down batteries like a fiend ! All FOUR batteries had to be replaced regularly -- FOUR ?! My adult and full-size exercise bike takes four D-cells and that lasts for a month with regular use ! What kind of a power-sucking computer processor did they put in this lousy thing ? It does not help that it has no automatic shut-off . Remember this is for children who seldom remember to turn anything off ! Finally , the cycle HAS NO DURABILITY ! It `` died '' in a matter of two months under * very * light use from my children . This was a complete waste of money !
 RIP OFF . I have purchased two of these smart cycles . The first one my son was too young and it was year before he could use it . -LRB- my fault -RRB- He used it 3 or 4 times and then the games stopped working . I changed batteries and nothing helped . You could hear the game but not see it . I read some reviews that the electrical wiring sometimes messed up.Also the peddles kept coming off . Since I had it for a year there was nothing I could do . I bought another and he used it for about a month and the pedals kept coming off again . Now we have lost the screw on one and stripped the screw on the other . Guess I could make some pedals out of duct tape . I am out $ 250 for a cycle that my son loves but cant use . They know the pedals are a problem and they have not fixed them.UPDATE
 I purchased this smart-cycle last night for my son , who is an older 3 year-old -LRB- turns 4 in May -RRB- . The box states ages 3-6 , so I figured he was old enough to use it . After I put the cycle together , we found he could not reach the pedals -LRB- at the highest adjustment -RRB- . My son is on the smaller side , but his feet are at least 5-6 inches away . Needless to say , I had to tape some of his blocks to the pedals.Another issue we have encountered is the key -LRB- game -RRB- - every time he bumps against it the game turns off.Suggestions for Fisher-Price-Allow for the pedals to adjust -LRB- not just the seat -RRB- - Somehow design the seat to adjust even closer to the pedals-Make the handle bars adjust according to the seat/pedal adjustmentSuggestions for Parents-If you have smaller children wait until they grow some more , or....-Tape some blocks on the pedals : - -RRB-
 Batteries really ? How stupid are the people at Fischer Price ? It 's going to cost me a fortune to run this thing . Also , huge flaw ... The joystick does n't even work . Never did . We ca n't maneuver through the game whatsoever . Also , the graphics are straight from the atari 2600 I used as a kid . Just terrible ! I highly recommend passing on this gift . Great idea for a toy . Horrible execution ! Bunch of idiots at FP !
 I bought this cycle for my grandson . He enjoyed it for a while . Then went to order new games and when he got them they were for the newer model . It said on the games that they were for this cycle , but when opened they would not work unless I bought the new model . It was misleading
 I am so disappointed . I bought this in advance of sales for Christmas for full price of nearly 130 dollars . We began using it at Christmas -LRB- now on sale at walmart for 30 dollars -RRB- , and already the `` keys '' to be plugged in to the side no longer work . I know he is a boy , and can be rough , but he barely ever used this aspect of the toy . We did it for him . Useless . Do not waste your money . Concept is awesome but not durable at all
 We were able to use this game about 3 times before it started acting funny . Would get a split blue/black screen , or it would get a garbled screen , or would just shut off all together . Blowing on the contacts of the game would work for a very short time , maybe the play of one game , and then it would do it all over again . This seems to be a common problem and after doing some googling , I found a couple of possible fixes . I have n't tried any of them yet to see if they work but intend to . -LSB- ... -RSB- Either of the solutions I saw , the board and switch being loose and the contacts , need cleaning , seem like that would certainly work . I just made this review so that others looking for a possible fix could find one . At this point there is no rush to fix it as my daughter has lost interest and is 3 years older
 we bought the toy for christmas a year ago . followed the instructions to the letter . had a very difficult time getting it to work with my tv . no customer support could be found . if you have a newer tv with multiple inputs you will have quite a time figuring out how to plug this in . the instructions detail a toy with three chords to plug in but the toy only has two . than while using the game it would click off for no reason and need to be restarted . the color clicked on and off as did the sound . the actual game cartrages plug into the side of the game are very tempormental and the slightest dust can render a cartrage unusable . after using this game with great frustration my kids lost interest due to its problems in running the games . then came the big deal , after using the game for an hour or so we unplugged it and immediatly started having problems with the tv that was relativly new and had no issues prior to use of the game . when we had the tv fixed the problem was caused by the game clicking on and off . so i can not warn more strongly to avoid this game . even when working the games are no where near as good as games you can play for free on line . and consitering what you can get from a nintendo wii for a bit more money it makes this toy a waist of money and source of great frustration .
 As with the other reviews , my son 4 absolutely loved this toy ... while it worked anyway . The screws that connect the petals are slightly too small and there is no washer on the other end . This being the reason for the petals continually falling off . Also the game has a tendency to short out occasionally and just turn off . Very frustrating for the children . And then there is the whole D battery issue . Lame design for sure . Put your money somewhere else . If you are going to spend this much on a machine for exercise for the kids just put out the extra hundie for a Wii or go with the V-Motion for less .
 I am writing this after having the SmartCycle for 1 year . I felt it was important to voice my opinion after the thousanth time changing batteries , and my general frustration over this product . We have already had to have one replaced from the joystick not functioning properly after 1 month of use . The graphics are poor considering the posibilities in this era , and with all of the other posts of frustrations , -LRB- not being able to save games , players etc. -RRB- I would not recommend this product .
 I like the idea of a toy that enables kids to learn and get excercise at the same time , without ever leaving the house . Unfortunately , Fisher-Price did n't invest enough time and money in the Smart Cycle to make it valuable . The hardware and software look really cheap , and do n't last very long . The games are much too simple , have awful low-resolution graphics , provide very little excercise , and even less education . I 'm guessing that most of the positive reviews were written by parents the first few days after giving the toy to their kids . Kids are always excited when they receive a new toy . My kids were no different when they received the Smart Cycle . However , their excitement soon turned to boredom . The software is extremely simple , repetitive , and crash-prone . After a few uses , half of the cartridges would n't play anymore . My son , who is six years old now , finds the games so boring and repetive that he would n't play them if his life depended on it . My daughter , who is four years old , can stand the games for occasional , short periods of time . Neither child has learned anything from the games . If your kids can already identify letters and numbers , they will not learn much of anything either . None of the games are really suitable for kids above four years old , and kids below three years old can not pedal effectively . Do n't expect this to be toy that your kids will enjoy and learn from for many years . If you get one year of occasional use out of it , feel lucky !
 If you have a computer in the house and have already introduced your children to the great educational software that 's out there and/or websites such as pbskids.org , then I strongly encourage you to think twice before purchasing this system.We bought this last Christmas for our three boys -LRB- twins age 3 1/2 and a 5 year old -RRB- . Combined , the boys have spent probably less than 5 hours on it since then . They much rather use the computer and go outside to ride their tricycles and bike.The graphics and sound are of poor quality . The games themselves are rough around the edges and do n't perform smoothly . The games that are included are nominally interesting and only somewhat educational compared to most early childhood software . Fisher-Price has a great overall idea in this system but they need to include more operating memory so it can run better software . They also should work out some of the kinks that are mentioned by others . Otherwise , stick to a computer and a tricycle .
 It 's too bad that Fisher price has gone down the china route . Because of this it appears their quality has taken a big nosedive . Got one of these for my grandson for Christmas and some of the parts will not interface because they do n't share the same size . Needless to say , a disappointing Christmas for the little guy , until we can find a way to rectify the problem .
 We used this thing about 3 times , during which it ate through 2 sets of D batteries . THen it would not turn on at all . What a waste of effort , materials , labor , shipping . Of course now it 's been more than 30days so Amazon wo n't take it back . This is why the world is awash in garbage !
 So we got this product from my parents as a present for my 4-year-old son 's birthday , and I was really excited at first at the gift as I thought it was such a clever way to get him to exercise -LRB- and get rid of energy ! -RRB- while still learning something . I was definitely disappointed by the experience . There 's not a lot of educational value in here - basically all it has you do is identify different letters in a variety of games.But what 's even more disappointing is that , at least in the game that comes with the product , there is only one game that actually requires him to ride the bike to play ! The other 4-5 games are all played with the joystick that 's under the handlebars . So when he gets bored with the one active game after about 20 minutes , the rest of the games he plays are all played with him just sitting there , which seems to defeat the purpose of the whole product.Basically , I could n't believe my parents spent $ 100 on this thing . Get your kid a real bike instead so he can ride outside - he 'll probably learn just as much by exporing the neighborhood on a real bike .
 I mean , REALLY ?!?! That 's almost eight dollars per piece , yet otherwise , I 've never seen a brick collection on this site during this year that averages more than a dime apiece -LRB- LEGO regular generally averages six to about ten cents per piece ; Megablok Micro , its rival in size , about 4.5 to 6 cents . -RRB- Is this a mistake , I hope ? Or am I missing something fundamental?smalling_60626@yahoo.com
 Why would you pay $ 500 for this 1000 piece set ? Amazon also sells a similar 700 + set for $ 45 . What is the deal with this set ?
 My 5 year old son understands the concepts of this game , but this game is not nearly as entertaining as other 6-8 year old Smartridges from Vetech like Aladdin , Spiderman or Batman . The problem with this game is in the Learing Adventure mode . My son must solve 10-12 spelling words before he moves onto another `` path '' or level . He gets frustrated because he is on the same board learning the same skill for an hour or so and then finally gets to move onto a new level . Much too long to keep his interest , so this one sits on the shelf a lot . I would stick with the other games I mentioned above to avoid frustration .
 I bought this game for my son . I am very dissappointed in it . It is too hard for a child to play . Heck , I have a hard time with it . I love VSMILE and all the games but this one .
 I purchased this game , The little Mermaid for my 4 1/2 year old daughter . She became frustrated when she had a hard time moving Ariel with the joystick underwater , Ariel moves very slow . She became bored with this game and did not find the games to be fun or challenging .
 This product was a pretty ok game , but the system it is compatible with hasbeen terrible . I think this version is about 3-4 years old . We bought it brandnew 3-4 years ago , and the system started having issues after just a few months.We threw it away after it sitting on the shelf for about a year . When itworked properly , my children enjoyed it , but that was short lived . It was playedoff and on for about a year and then the system almost quit working all together.Hopefully , the new version works properly for a long time especially consideringthe amount of money invested in it .
 I was very disappointed in this doll . Does not have much going for it and highly overpriced . She still has n't been taken out of the box .
 i bought this and must say she was a total disappointment . she is absolutely beautiful in the box , but when you pull her out of the box she 's just awful . her hair was all tangled and matted , and when i tried to straighten it out with a brush it got pulled out . the outfit is very cheesy and cheap . on the website it looks a lot nicer . the cloak just swings around on her , and the `` medalions she is adorned with '' are very poor in quality . she was n't worth the higher price , and if i can at least dissuade ONE person from throwing their money away on her , i feel like my time on earth was well spent .
 My 4 1/2 year old son LOVES his V-Smile , except for this game . I even like playing some of the games . My son , 6 1/2 year old neighbor 's girl and 2 6 year old twins -LRB- boy & girl -RRB- , me and the other children 's parents do n't like this game . It 's slow , boring and the graphics are bad . My son and the other boy LOVE Spiderman , so ... we got the game -LRB- instead of Scooby Doo -RRB- . Was n't worth the money . Scooby Doo is next on the list .
 I have this Lion King V smile Smartridge my four year old Daughter it does n't keep her interest at all . It 's to slow and it has nothing to do but jump over logs there 's no animals like in the movie , the harder level is just the same as the easy version I wish I could get my money back , future purchaser the game that comes with it is great that is the best one for your little ones to grow with.Signed Take my advise Please
 shipping was slow , ordered for gift it came to late still in box
 My son is three years old and at first he was very interested on the game for about a week , and now he feels bored playing it . I 'm planning on buying Spiderman I just hope is not a short game . Otherwise the entire concept is great .
 Just not happening on this one for my kids . At the current price of $ 22 , I 'd say to pass on this . That 's way to expensive for a game like this .
 I am an avid barbie collector and this is one of my favorite my husband likes it too . She has a beautiful outfit along with a great face not so much the ame as the other barbies
 This game requires advance reading and spelling skills , that a 4 year does not have . My 6 year old niece even had difficulties spelling some of the words . The suggested ages for the game is 4-6 . I would say the starting age would be 6 , unless your 4 year old can spell really well .
 We purchased Scooby Doo with the system for our son on his 4th birthday . The loves the system but this game frustrated him , we spend more time playing it for him with him watching . It asks for skills that even a 6 year old would have such as picking two numbers that add up to 10 , the child must pick the actual numbers like 2 and 8 , there 's no pictures , or in the underwater stage the child must fill in the missing letter from words , there 's no outline for the missing letter or even a hint to the missing letter . My son loves watching Scobby , but I really do n't know how much he 's learning while we play it for him or he screams at it because he keeps dieing .
 This is to advance and complicated for the age group suggested . My 4 1/2 year old son found it very fustrating . But we love the video system .
 I love the vsmile system for my four year old . This game though has the wrong age on it . It is more for 6 to 7 year olds .
 Software was helpful to the child in learning how to use the joy stick . My son lost interest in this-somewhat repetitive and boring .
 My just turned four year-old loves Scooby-Doo and V-Smile games , so I thought that this cartridge would be perfect ... unfortunately I was wrong . The ideas behind the games are good , but the whole thing is poorly designed and the limits of the hardware finish it off . The joystick is n't responsive enough to handle the precise moves the game demands and the video is n't crisp enough to handle the speed . In addition to the game flaws mentioned below -LRB- e.g. for the most part the number and letter skills required are beyond most kids in the given age range -RRB- and the hardware flaws -LRB- incompatibilities ?? -RRB- mentioned above there are a slew of minor annoyances . In the timed games the clock continues to run even though your cursor is frozen while Shaggy & Scooby do their several second commentary . The distractionary characters are so prevalent -LRB- and ruthless -RRB- that steering around them * and * doing the required math is tricky for an older child , much less a young one.This game has the potential to be fun , but it needs more thought and a higher quality gaming system . Read the reviews of this one and only buy if your child is older than the age range listed or you are willing to put up with a lot of frustration .
 We bought this game for out 4 year daughter . She is now 5 and this game is still collecting dust . It is way to hard for her to play & she gets bored just watching . I would recommend another game until your child is about 6 + .
 My 4 1/2 year old was very disappointed when he tried to play this game and could not . It requires spelling/reading , but yet is listed for ages 4-6 . I wish my mother had read the reviews before purchasing - do n't make the same mistake !
 My daughter and I greatly anticipated this game , but we are a little disappointed . Some of the ` Adventure Zone '' games are too juvenile .
 overall this product was good and the only problem I have with it is it was delivered with half the water missing from the aquarium part at the bottom so the fish doesnt float and it doesnt make the bubbles it should . have to exchange for another one .
 Did not work ... bad quality ... kept stopping . Would never buy this again , just frustrated my baby . Looking for a good soother !
 This game is perfect for a very young child . My daughter is 3 years old and loves Care Bears but does NOT like this game . Its boring . You barely need to know how to move the joystick . Its perfect for a 2yr old . If your kids are over 3 yrs . do n't waste your money . The game that comes with it is a little difficult for her . I recommend Winnie the Pooh . Its very similar to the game that comes with the VSmile unit just a little easier . It holds her interest with frustrating her .
 We bought this game to go with our 4 1/2 year old 's vsmile system . First of all , the graphics are horrible . It looks as if it has the same quality as the 25 year old video games . That was disappointing.However , it is a good game for kids to learn how to use the joystick . The nature of the game is very easy . Although , this can make the game one that becomes boring very quickly.The game features five carebears and each one has it 's own game . The games are just you moving the carebear to hit or find a moving target -LRB- star , shape , letter , etc -RRB- . The five different games are supposed to be teaching letters , numbers , counting , shapes and such . You move the carebear around , and you find the various items and then you are done.This game is easy for beginners but will become boring very quickly . And I doubt that the so called games will teach your child anything.If your child LOVES and I mean LOVES carebears , then they might like this game . Otherwise , do n't waste your money and buy another game with better reviews !
 This is the fifth V-Smile game my wife and I purchased for our four-year-old . Compared to the other four , this game seemed a little rushed to get out before Christmas.To begin , the learning adventure is little more than an extention of the learning zone . You have five sub-games that only hang together loosely . Additionally , the educational value of each of these games is very limited . The games are also very short in duration . So lessons like letters , shapes , numbers , etc. really are n't reinforced as well as they are in the other games.With regards to the action , while V-Smile is n't known for its advanced graphics and technology , the response between the joystick and the action on screen is very jerky . Sometimes there is no response whatsover . Also , the care bear you control takes up so much of the screen that you have very little sense of where the character is going when you move him around.Nevertheless , my daughter found this game somewhat fun -- but not as fun as the other games . Thus I 'm giving in two stars instead of one . That being said , until this game can be re-programmed to meet V-Smiles usual high standards , I would recommend the other two games in this age range -LRB- `` Lion King '' and/or `` Winnie the Pooh '' -RRB- rather than this game .
 Got this for my daughter 's birthday because she loves cares bears . This is definately not one of v.smiles better games . Done poorly . Very disappointing .
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter . It was too easy , and very boring . She wont even play it . There 's 20.00 down the drain . Do n't buy it . I am working on getting her some of the other games . I hope they will be better at teaching her .
 When we bought my daughter the v-smile game system we got her this game to go along with it . She never hardly plays it because it is so simple . Chasing color balloons and stars , catching a falling letter . Chasing shapes that appear in the exact order you are supposed to put them in . If your child is having problems learning how to use a joy stick this game may help them master that , but it is not challenging for children at all .
 My 3 year old son absolutely adores the Alphabet Park Adventure game that came with the V-Smile . Seeing his excitement , I ran to two different stores to look for more games . The first was sold out , but the second had Care Bears . As soon as I got home and started the game for him , I immediately understood why the game was the only one available . My son looked at me like I was crazy , then ran off and played with his other toys . There is no `` adventure '' in the learning adventure portion of the game . The tasks are extremely easy and very repetative . There are no goals to reach -LRB- like how many power rings you can get , how many life hearts you can maintain -RRB- and absolutely no challenge to the mind or imagination . I am going to beg the store I purchased it at to give me some sort of refund , even if it is 1/2 the price . Please please please , save your $ 20.00 and buy Lion King or Winnie the Poo for your loving , intelligent 3-5 year olds .
 We just bought the v-smile system for my daughter -LRB- 3 1/2 -RRB- for Christmas . She loves playing the game that was included , but this game is just TOO SLOW . The activities are hardly challenging , the characters move slow , and there really is not much to choose from . Spend your money on a different game .
 Drawing is next to impossible and the game animation and music are like an old Atari . Do n't buy it if you 're easily frustrated by non-responsive stylus pads .
 As very well described by a previous reviewer , the manufacturer for this game really ought to be ashamed . There have been enough descriptions of how poor the drawing is and how poor the graphics are ; I echo these sentiments . We were horribly disappointed and I 'm going to attempt to get a refund . I 'd like to know if these products are really even tested on REAL people , not just people hoping to keep their job by saying it 's great . The concept IS great but the product was very poorly developed and the result is a huge disappointment and I 'm completely disgusted with this company . I would not be PROUD of this product , to put it bluntly , do n't waste your money because it 's lousy . If I could , I 'd rate this 0 stars .
 I bought this for my mom for Christmas and we finally got around to playing it tonight . After about an hour of trying to play , I felt horrible for giving this to her because it 's just so bad . The tablet is pretty much useless for anything but large , simple shapes with mostly straight lines . Forget about the fake `` screenshots '' you see on the box ; you wo n't get anything but horrible , jagged lines with this , and small details -- if needed in your drawings -- are impossible.A previous reviewer was correct ... it is sometimes fun to try to figure out the jagged shapes that the person is drawing , but for a game that requires drawing to play , this implementation is just awful . You can tap with the pen to locate the pointer on the screen , but much of the time your lines will start in random places.The `` music '' which plays during gameplay became so irritating after about two minutes that I unplugged the audio cable from the tablet to silence it ; there is no way of turning it off in the game so you can still hear the ten second countdown.The game tablet is basically junk , and I think the THIRTY DAY warranty speaks volumes for the quality of this product ... I would suggest spending your money on a large tablet of paper , an easel , and a few broad tip markers ; you 'll have far more fun that way than trying to play this game of frustration .
 I thought this was going to be great ... that it was about time , someone thought this up ... then when my boyfriend bought this for me and we played it one night with our family , we hated it . The graphics were absolutely horrific . We will go back to playing the old way ... with a big tablet of paper and a sharpie sitting around the living room .
 I agree
 Defective out of the box . will allow you to draw on screen but quality is so poor any shapes are completely unrecognizable . I 'd suggest getting a dry erase board instead .
 You are better off getting out paper and pencils to play this game instead of trying to use this on your TV . The drawings look like you are playing with a 2 year old .
 I bought this for my son 's birthday , thinking it would be fun for the kids to play at his party . The only thing good about the game is its reputation as a non-videogame . This is probably my own fault , but I had the impression from the advertisements that the drawer saw their drawing on both the pad and the TV . Wrong . Very disappointing.The stylus did n't hardly work . The overall result was as if I was drawing on one if those old ` magic screen ' boards . And like the magic screens , my own drawing was leaving slight dents in the screen . It would n't have lasted long , even with careful use.The drawing prompts were a little difficult for my son and his friends . The game says for 8 + - He has just turned 8 and he was the youngest of his guests . His guests also had a hard time figuring out what to draw for some of the topics . They were very concerned about how specific they had to be with their guesses.He opened the game last night and we returned it tonight . We 'll be buying Scene It instead .
 We use to play Win Lose or Draw with groups and an easel and had lots of fun . So we looked forward to this game and have attempted only twice to play it because the graphics are horrible . With all of the modern technology for video games , it is difficult to imagine that this game could not be made better . I will attempt to get refund .
 As echoed by every other reviewer reviewing this product , the drawing device is terrible . It 's impossible to draw even the most rudimentary objects on the pad . The graphics are pixilated and outdated at the very least . And as far as I 'm concerned , the word choices are poor , too . C'mon , one of the words to draw on easy mode was `` Double . '' That 's an abstract concept at best . The people who released this product HAD to have known how poor their product was , yet thought so little of their buying audience that they released it anyway . Horrible design and horrible execution .
 I was so disappointed with this game I returned it to the store within the hour . My family has played the original Win , Lose or Draw game since it came out , and would love to have an expansion pack . I was very excited with this product . Yuk . You ca n't even draw a stick figure successfully in the time allowed . If you have fun watching others drawing this poorly save your money and take turn drawing with your eyes closed.The way this works - you use move the pen around on the pad to move the cursor . you push down with the pen to draw . It 's a real challenge to move the cursor to a new location to start drawing the second line . Most of your time will be used just getting the cursor to the new location . If you have a word that would take 2 drawings you might as well give up .
 This is the most horrible present I ever got ! My mom had good intentions and I gave it a shot but drawing is impossible ! This is a total waste of money , but if you like the game concept try playing yahoo graffitti on yahoogames.com . Think a free online version of this game ... that actually works ... in color ... that works ...
 I 'm not saying that this game is horrific , just that these games in general are n't very good . This is no exception . I was expecting it to follow the rules of the 80 's game show of the same name , especially since it uses the same logo . Needless to say , I was disappointed.You really need expertise in hand-eye coordination to play this game . Even then , the on-screen pen could still jitter and cause some confusion as to what you 're drawing -LRB- e.g. , I was trying to draw a circle , but because of the textured drawing surface and the 16-bit interface , it looked like an oval -RRB- . I would recommend staying away from these game show plug-and-play games altogether , despite the fact that I 'm absolutely and hopelessly addicted to them .
 Buyer beware . Ordered this as a holiday gift . It came NOT from Kiddieland but from Target ... and the invoice in the box had a price of $ 39.99 . So if you are interested in purchasing this toy ... go to Target.com
 This has a lot of bells and whistles but it will not shut off ? Can not find any on/off switch . The only way to turn it off is to take the batteries out . How do I turn it off ?
 This figure must have looked great on the drawing board , but here are the problems :1 . - It is extremely difficult to pull the mask over the head , -LRB- try talc on the head first -RRB- .2 . - The mask tears if you leave it on the head , -LRB- this has happened with two Spiderman figures so far -RRB- .3 . - The figure is poorly articulated .4 . - The upper torso is out of proportion to the rest of the body ...
 The rubber mask that comes with this toy ripped after 2 days leaving spidey maskless and my kid crying . For a 20 dollar toy , which is a little much for an action figure , this toy is not worth the aggrivation .
 When I purchased 2 for my two young sons , I was thrilled to find them and they were as well . But soon after opening the packages I know that I had made a mistake ... the mask is very hard to get on and off ... My 6 year old and 3 1/2 year old both have trouble and one of the masks ripped within 30 minutes ... and what is Spider-man without a mask !
 I got this doll for my 3 year old grandson , while he was playing with it , the very first day we got it , his leg snapped off . The joint broke completely , and he was not playing rough with it ... just carrying it around , by the head no less . He tried to take the mask off and ... * SNAP * the leg came off .
 For the devoted fans of the Romulans in Star trek we first first looked toward FASA 's installment of the Romulans , then we had Diane Duane 's and now we have LUG 's . This book adds yet another view on the Romulans inconsistent with two most prevalent ones already out there , making it impossible to reconcile the three.LUG 's Romulan Core Setting breaks down into three books . The first one goes into mind set , government , ships , ranks , etc. . . The basis on what you need to run a Romulan Campaign . Then their is a book on how to make a Romulan character and finally an adventure manual.Though most Romulan devotees will find yet another view irritating , the books do provide an coherent setting and background . The layout is fairly well done and there is a fairly good table of contents and good handouts.The overall quality of work in this book is poor to fair . If you expect good graphics and pictures you will be disapointed . The drawings for the most part appear to have been done by a 5 year old and add nothing to the narratives when they appear . Where an image could have aided the narratives there are none.An example in the book is when it speaks of the alien race the Romulans fought with during their 30 year silence , as mentioned in the Series . The book goes into alien mindset , technology and appearance . Yet when you look for an image of these beings you are treated to a thick line drawing a 3rd grader might have drawn.For the price I would have hoped that they would have gotten someone who could have illustrated this professionally , brought the other two authorized views in conjunction with this one and added color , maybe photos to it .
 Please always look up toys before buying them -- so many are manufactured in unregulated factories and contain toxic metals and plastics!Healthystuff.org lists this toy as having high lead content and medium chlorine .
 I really , really wanted to love this item . The idea is fantastic -- developmental activity center that hangs down into the playpen and provides babies with stimulation and play.In reality , though , this things is useless and possibily dangerous . BE WARNED!The first issue is that its heavy and unstable . The first time my baby swatted at it , it fell off the side and landed on him . Very frightening and unsafe.The second issue is that the little gadgets on it are FRUSTRATING . The lids do n't stay closed , the twirly things are difficult to maneauver . It requires the dexterity of a toddler , but is intended for babies.Not recommended .
 this toy is not worth it there isnt much to do , the music is annoying and some stuff she cant even do its to hard
 We received this toy from my son 's grandmother when he was three months old and he seemed very interested in it even though some of the functions were out of his reach or a little too hard for him to use . I was a little worried about the strap design from the beginning but thought I was just being overly anxious . Wrong . Several times I noticed the straps slipping . I figured it was just because I had them in the lowest notch so I moved them up one . He could only reach the very bottom toys that way but he still enjoyed it . This seemed to help for awhile but then he realized there were other things on the back of the toy and got curious and started pulling the toy out toward him . This was okay until he lifted up on it at the same time . It came right off the straps and hit him in the head . Thank goodness it hit the mattress first and then fell over on him so that it was an indirect hit because this toy is HEAVY . It weighs close to 3 pounds with the batteries in it and is hard plastic and that is quite a lot to fall on baby 's head . I have emailed Tiny Love regarding the problem but also wanted to let other parents know that this is a good floor toy but do n't rely on the hanging straps .
 I would not recommend this toy . My 10 month old son was able to break off one of the 4 knobs on the bottom of the toy . I found the piece clenched in his hand while he was asleep , we are very fortunate he did n't put it in his mouth . These knobs when broken off are a choking hazard .
 My daughter is 10 months . This toy is in her crib and she often kicks on the music with her feet . Today when she kicked it , the toy fell on her . It is a heavy toy that only hangs on the crib with plastic hangers . I would recommend the toy for floor play but not for the crib ! Needless to say , this is no longer in her crib !
 Was reallly excited when i bought it . it stop working literally 1 week after the baby started using it . I changed batteries several times but no luck . Very dissapointed !
 I bought this for my daughter at 3mo and now she is 11 mo and she has barely played w / it . My baby bumps into it constantlywhile in the crib and like another review said , the pull bell is too hard for her to pull and the squeeky button is too hard to push . Also , the music feature has never worked right . It sounds like the batteries need to be replaced when I have installed new batteries . I feel that this toy is too expensive also . I mainly bought it b/c it is attractive w / its bright colors -LRB- she liked looking at it when i first showed it to her but never really held her attention for to long -RRB- and i thought the 2 sided feature would be a plus BUT do not waste your money ...
 I bought 2 of these for my twins when they were 13 months old -LRB- Dec -RRB- hoping they would help entertain them so I could catch a few extra minutes of sleep in the am . Three weeks ago I awoke to my daughter screaming . I ran into her room to find her thumb stuck in one of the two small plastic loops at the bottom of the toy -LRB- I have no idea why its there in the first place -RRB- . I got it out and it was deep red with a purple indentation where it had been stuck . Needless to say she was very upset and so was I. I figured it was a random occurence and left it in her crib . Well it has happened twice since and yesterday was the last straw with her index finger getting jammed in there . I took them out of both cribs -LRB- my son never had this happen , but its not worth the risk in my opinion -RRB- and thats $ 100 down the drain -LRB- I actually bought them at a local store and they were $ 49.99 each -RRB- . Also , my son has fallen against it several times and has numerous bruises on his face as a result . I realize that this can happen with any `` hard '' crib toy - especially with active babies , but there are several hard pieces/objects sticking out that seem to beg for hurt heads.It blows my mind how a toy made for a child can have such a major design flaw . I plan to write to the Tiny Love company , but I just wanted to stop anyone else from making the same mistake .
 I thought this was the best toy - my kid loved it and it kept her entertained - BUT - today I found her holding one of the loops from the toy which is attached to a long , thin piece of plastic -LRB- about 4 inches long -RRB- - not only could this have choked her but she could have stuck it in her eye , nose , etc. . The toy is still somewhat functional but now I worry about the construction of the rest of it so it 's going in the trash . I expected better from this company and from the price of it but it seems everything now is made cheaply . Judging from the other reviews it looks like this should be recalled .
 There is some great activities on this toy , but there were problems on both sides . On the first side , the only way to get the face to light up and play music is to press hard , and hold the face for a second -- what infant does that ? Also the squeaky thing is hard for even me to press . My 8 month old liked the spinning flower though , if it is the only toy around.On the older side there are much better activities . He is enjoying those more , but the pop-up feature wo n't work . It does not stay closed . If I do get it to close , just touch it and it pops up -- you are supposed to learn to press the button . I found this toy in a local baby store after buying it , and 8 of 10 had the same problem . I have n't seen a better crib activity center , so we are still keeping it -LRB- mostly because I am not a returning type -RRB- .
 My son loved his Tiny Love mobile , and I thought the activity center would be a nice replacement when he grew out of it at 5 months.Well , not so much . The supposedly simple side for younger babies features a musical smiley face button and a squeaker that require LOTS of force to make them work . My son is now 7 months old and he still ca n't operate them . -LRB- But he CAN use the little squeaker on the other side ! -RRB- The knocker with the rattle also needs a lot of force , and even if you do manage to move it , it hardly produces any sound as it only moves a fraction of an inch . The two spinners are great and he loves those , but you can get those on any activity center . The unit is quite tall , and so far , whether lying in his playpen or sitting on the floor , he can only reach these bottom two toys.On the other side , the toy that pops out and giggles is a lovely idea but we just ca n't get that door close and STAY closed . I went to a store and tried every one on the shelf and they all had the same problem . So he ca n't play with that feature either , really . And you need to move the lever for the spinner just so , at the right speed and with the right amount of force if you want the disc to spin.Then , most disappointing of all , there 's the music . The horrible , frenetic , tinny , nasty music that was such a shock after having the Symphony in Motion mobile . It sounded so bad that I was sure the batteries had run down , but even after replacing them it sounds the same - cheap and incredibly irritating . As did all the other models in the toy store.On the plus side , the toy is really solid , made of good quality plastic , and the colours and the design are lovely and bright and attractive.It 's outrageously expensive - I live in Europe so we paid about $ 75 for it - especially considering most of the activities are useless . I 'm quite annoyed that poor old Grandad shelled out so much money for it , and did n't keep the receipt . We actually get more fun out of the old FP activity center we bought on ebay for a couple of dollars to keep at Grandma 's . Lesson learned - new and expensive is n't always best !
 We 've received this toy as a gift from our friends and i liked the idea of 2 sides -LRB- is like having 2 new toys at once -RRB- . But then , when we tried playing with it i did n't like several things :1 -RRB- side 1 - has a really hard to squeak thing , - hard to pull hammer - pretty far located smiley face so the baby playing with it as an activity table -LRB- not crib mounted -RRB- wo n't easily reach and press it - smiley face could have more than 1 melody playingIt results in that side having only 3 things to play for the baby at 6-8 months
 After reading the reviews here I thought the Activity Center would be a great item to register for . I could not have been more disappointed . The first problem was that it did n't work . Fortunately the store allowed me to exchange it . The next problem was finding one in the store that worked . I had to try 8 out if 9 of them before finding one that actually worked . Do n't waste you money on this ... keep looking for something else . I finally purchased the Ocean Wonders Aquarium by Fisher-Price and could n't be more pleased !
 I used to let my son play with this toy in his crib . One day after his nap , I went into his room and saw that he had ripped the squishy ball off the toy . It was laying on the floor next to his crib . I 'm just thankful he did n't put it in his mouth . I have contacted the company and the CPSC about it .
 This toy is poorly designed . My 5 month-old grandson managed to wedge his forehead under the base of the toy while it was attached to the crib . He got some nasty scratches from the plastic frame . There are 2 rough areas where screws or bolts hold the frame together . -
 I too live in Europe and paid 80 euro for a toy that my son glanced at for a second but has yet to even touch it . I 've tried to inspire him but he is uninterested . I hope side two might be better but I 'm not sure . My son is 6 months and when he goes to his Grandma 's she has a very old Fisher Price activity center that he loves .
 It would appear from the picture of the `` amazing art duffle bag '' that it is chock full of fun art supplies . This is not the case . The bag consist of a pack of 8 fat markers , a pack of 8 skinny markers , a box of 16 crayons , a 6 pack of fat chalk , and a thin writing pad . You could easily buy the items strategically placed on the outside of this bag for about $ 9.00 - The entire middle portion of the bag is empty ! There is nothing amazing about the art duffle bag except the nerve of Crayola to mislead people . Save your money !
 This seems like a `` Bait & Switch '' ... The picture shown , as well as the written decription , portrays a fun filled -LRB- and I do mean FILLED -RRB- bag of art supplies , when it is actually filled with mostly air . The missing supplies included three packages of modeling clay , 10 washable mini stamp markers , the activity booklet , of the 15 sticks of sidewalk chalk promised - it came with only 6 . There were no washable markers - there are 10 non-washable markers.This is an extremely disappointing purchase .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The amazing art duffle bag came in almost empty . Promised bags of modeling clay , stamping markers , stickers and the activity booklet was nowhere to be found . Then I started reading the other reviews about this product and sadly realized that I was not the only one ... I ca n't believe Crayola continues to ship the product half empty . It is about time that someone takes an action ...
 I was very disappointed when I opened up this package . I had bought it for a Christmas present for a close relative . The duffle was missing the stampers , model magic pouches and activity book . Instead of those items being there , a large piece of cardboard filled up the space . I do n't know if it was a mistake or not , but I must say that I am very disapointed . The picture and description of the duffle are very decieving .
 I could not find a description of the product and I did not realize that the candle is made with water and oil . The bottle of oil in the package was leaking and was nearly half empty . My son was happy anyway because this is his personality , but I was not happy with this purchase .
 Basically it is water and oil inside the candle . Not safe for kids ! When we purchased it , it looked like it would be a fun kit to put together and a candle we could light . It is only water and oil that you add . Then hope you do n't spill . I really do n't get why this product is available , one tip and you will have a fire .
 The plastic `` wick '' melted on top , I would have had better results burning the money in a jar than spending it on this product .
 MY DAUGHTER RECEIVED THIS CAMERA FOR HER FIFTH BIRTHDAY . IT IS ADORABLE AND SHE ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT UNTIL SHE RAN OUT OF FILM AND IT WOULD N'T REWIND THE FILM . IT HAS A MANUAL REWIND THAT YOU HAVE TO TURN TO REWIND THE FILM . I COULD N'T EVEN TURN IT . I BROKE IT TRYING . I HAD TO TAKE IT TO THE PHOTO LAB AND HAVE THEM TAKE THE FILM OUT AND WIND THE FILM BY HAND . I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST A BAD CAMERA SO I EXCHANGED IT FOR THE EXACT CAMERA BECAUSE MY DAUGHTER REALLY LIKES THE DISNEY PRINCESSES . AGAIN , AFTER THE FILM WAS DONE IT WOULD NOT REWIND AND BROKE . I RETURNED IT ONCE AGAIN AND PURCHASED A TOTALLY DIFFERENT CAMERA FOR HER WITH THE AUTOMATIC REWIND . EVEN THOUGH THE NEW ONE DOES N'T HAVE A CHARACTER ON IT AT LEAST IT WORKS CORRECTLY . I KNOW THEY MAKE THIS SAME CAMERA IN OTHER STYLES TOO LIKE BARBIE , POLLY POCKETS , HELLO KITTY , ETC. ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY ON THESE CAMERAS WITH THE MANUAL FILM REWIND . IT WILL ONLY UPSET YOUR CHILD WHEN IT KEEPS BREAKING . I WOULD GIVE IT ZERO STARS IF I COULD .
 My daughter received this camera for her 4th birthday . She loves taking pictures . We found the film to be difficult to load and as another reviewer pointed out ... the rewind handle broke and I had to take camera to a store to get pictures rewound and developed . Spend a little more money and get a camera with automatic film loading and rewinding .
 As mentioned in the previous reviews , this camera works until it is time to rewind the film . Very disappointing to my four year old daughter as she had taken special pictures of different family members at a once-in-a-life-time type family reunion .
 I bought this camera for my 5 year old last year for her birthday and it was a complete waste . She was so excited to have a camera and it did n't even work . I had to return it and ended up wasting a roll of film . I 'm waiting for the Fisher-Price tough digital camera to come out .
 My daughter very much enjoyed this camera while it lasted ! It has a manual rewind for the film , which is the worst part . It ended up breaking on the second roll of film ... we just trashed it and bought a kids digital camera , which was a much better investment . Do not waste your money on this product .
 We bought this camera for my 5 year olds Birthday . We had trouble from on get go . The camera is difficult to rewind and the film continues to get stuck in the camera . We have wasted 3 rolls of film and counltless memories . We would not buy nor recommend this camera to anyone . It has been a total disappointment!Sincerely , An unhappy customer
 Friends gave us this chair and I HATE it , dare I say , with vehemence . GRANTED it will make a nice art table and chair in a couple years , but as a high chair for feeding , forget it . My squirmy 7month old turns all the way backward and slips his feet into the rungs . That 's dangerous . He 's a small baby , so he just slouches -- theres no restraints . For a few days I belted him in with one of my own belts -- Bad idea , I know , I stopped when he learned how to slouch in another direction.Unrelated digression -- When will cheaper companies like Graco and fisher price learn to design simple unruffled chairs in bold cheerful colors ?
 This chair is impossible to assemble . The holes for the screws are too narrow such that we have been unable to fully screw in half of all the crews despite getting blisters on both hands . In the attempt , the `` screwdrivers '' provided by the manufacturer have blunted before we managed to assemble everything -LRB- normal screwdrivers can not be used -RRB- . We have therefore not been able to assemble the table that comes with the chair . Finally , the assembly instruction are a series of blurry pictures that are difficult to decipher .
 This item is recalled , do n't buy it . If the brand name `` Magnetix '' is all lower case except the M , then it is recalled , if the brand name looks like `` MAGNETix '' - all caps except the i and x , then it was made after the recall and is OK . Recalled sets have the tiny magnets coming loose .
 * Negative rating * Magnetix Xtreme Combo Flashing Lights CastleMagnetix Xtreme Combo Flying SaucerA toddler named Kenneth Sweet , Jr. died on November 24 , 2004 . These two toys had been given as gifts to an older boy in the family 's home just 10 days earlier . The Kroger Co. , which owns Smith 's Food & Drug , Fred Meyer and other stores across the United States , has voluntarily recalled Magnetix products from their shelves . In March , 2006 another boy , this time a pre-school child , almost died from swallowing magnets from a building set . The King County WA Medical Examiner has issued a warning about Magnetix - http://komo1000news.com/stories/42442.htmThere are several tiny cylindrical magnets in each of the flat pieces of many toys in Rose Art 's `` Magnetix '' line , including the flat pieces in `` Magnetix X-treme 100ct Silver Box '' . There may be a danger of these tiny magnets coming loose . Serious health risks are posed by `` multiple magnet ingestion '' * . The United States Consumer Product Safety Commission has issued a statement saying that the agency is currently conducting a serious investigation . * `` Do n't Swallow Your Magnets!A recent article in Radiology alerts parents to the swallowing of magnets . The problem is not the toxicity of the magnets , but rather the possibility that two or more magnets can attract each other through adjacent intestinal walls and become lodged there indefinitely . Over time , the magnets can perforate the intestinal walls . '' Check it out here http://www.magneticmicrosphere.com/no_swallow.htm .
 I am disapointed that people pay about 20 bucks for this toy and his knees do not move , I am sure people do not want him on his horse all the time . He comes off it but his knees are bent and he cant stand.For all the money we pay his knees should move.I thougt this one was the best.The others are great.If you prefer to keep him like that on display fine but if you want to play with this guy off his horse in a fight then this is not the toy for you .
 Bought this for my 3yr and 6 yr old girls . Both loved this out of the packaging but despite our efforts to adjust the goggles and flippers , they just did not stay on in the pool . So after a few minutes they were relegated to the side of the pool . Basically these were a waste of money .
 This is not a toy , its not fun to play with . Little to no educational value , unless you 're charting how much fun you are having with other toys .
 I bought this when it first came out as it had the only Professor X figure at the time . Unfortunately , this Hall of Fame is just a collection of figures stuck to bases . You can not remove them -LRB- from one of the product images you can see the results of someone who tried -RRB- . It 's fine if you 're looking for a nice display , but if you want the actual toys you 're bettery off looking for them one by one . Yes , I did end up returning this item .
 I got this as a gift for a friend because he thought it was funny . I was a little disappointed in the quality . Yes , it 's a gag gift , but I would have preferred it to be more durable and usable as a real quality fork .
 This looked like a used puzzle . . it went to goodwill . Box was faded and cracked . It was supposed to be a stocking stuffer but I have a little more pride than that .
 I got this to play a prank on fellow adults . I found it was too symmetrical , and quite purple . I could only produce barf like this if I drank lots of grape pop and barfed very gently and carefully in a neat pattern .
 We ordered tan Braf but received purple Vomit . It 's nowhere close to the picture and is totally unrealistic . Even my 10 year old claimed lame ... so I guess the joke was on us . No biggy for the price but my kid was truely disappointed .
 I put it in my mouth made throw up sounds and spit it out so when they came around the couch and saw it on the floor thought they might fall for it but nobody did , ... ti was obviously fake looking . not worht a penny . do n't buy it
 This is the worst product I have ever bought on Amazon . The picture in no way shows what the actual product looks like . The actual fake barf is a light yellowish green with neon pink and green chunks of plastic stuck to it . It 's very cheesy and cheap looking . My son loves practical jokes so I thought he would love this . Even he -LRB- 9 yr old -RRB- thought it was crappy . He did n't even realize it was supposed to be vomit until he read the paper it came with . I am extremely disappointed with this fake barf . I wish I could give this product no stars !!!!!!! If you are contemplating buying this DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 I 've owned good fake vomit , and this one is merely average . Looks a little too much like bits of foam dropped into a circle of rubber . Ok for very small kids .
 When a guy needs to trick his partner into thinking he has some tropical disease so she will leave him , so he can move back to Utah and start life over as the guy who puts the plastic tabs into battery compartments of toys . He needs something a little more ... barfy?Needless to say . I donated this to the local goodwill . The lady was surprised when she noticed my donation but I need to keep all my furniture and clothes .
 do not buy ... a huge disappointment . A white piece of plastic with a couple of orange squares !!! apparently the manufacturers have never seen throw up from any living thing !
 My two year old received this last Christmas . She and my 5 year old play with it all the time . They love the noise that the coffee pot makes , and I love the conversations that they have while playing kitchen !
 This doll is so ugly . Looking at it makes my eyes hurt . Why in the world are her hands and feet so big -LRB- they look like monkey hands and feet -RRB- . I mean the Bratz kind of have big feet too , but NOT LIKE THIS ! This doll is hideous . I would never pay $ 49.99 for this piece of my scene crap !!
 I saw this doll in the store and was scared by it , and I 'm not a kid . I usually love My Scene dolls but this is just hideous . Mattel should 've done some consumer testing before they decided to sell this . If they did do some consumer testing , what were those consumers thinking ?! Her head just does n't look right with her body . They should 've made the whole doll out of the same material , either all soft or all hard vinyl . This is the first time I 've given a one star rating to anything and I think this doll definitely deserves it . I gave it 5 stars for durability because it looks durable , but I ca n't imagine any kid would want to play with this .
 alright ... this has got to be the weirdest doll i have ever seen . the toenails and fingernails are like elephant nails , and the face looks like a gorilla , and come on ... the body is stuffed !! if u want a stuffed animal there are way prettier ones on this site besides this thing . i would n't pay $ 50 for it , that 's just irrational .
 Why did people had to make this . I like the little ones .
 this doll has HUGE feet and it looks like a ho !!!! look at how short the skirt is ! who would buy this ? eww i hate it .
 This doll is nice for younger kids , but who want to play with a mutated doll ?? Her hands her feet and all her other bodyparts are horribly ugly . Only a dorky young , doll-obsessed freak would buy this junk and i think it should be recalled . My dog almost choked on the hand because he ripped it off . It should be more durable and better looking .
 my scene is way better then bratz and you know it .
 I DID N'T BUY THIS THIS BUT WHO WOULD . IT 'S THE UGLEST THING I HAVE EVERY SENN BESIDE THOSE CHEAP DOLLS . THIS IS NOT WORTH 49.99 :-LRB- :-LRB- : -LRB-
 You all know that this doll is ugly . You ca n't stand the fact that My Scene dolls actually look ugly . And you also know that Bratz dolls are better . After all , they are made like they are brand new . And MY SCENE dolls look like they are cheaply made and fopund in a dumster . My Scene dolls are no good copycat ugly dumb dolls with no sense of fashion . This doll is ugly and use your brain people . This doll is ugly not pretty . Bratz are 10000000 % better anyways . and they always will be . Scurl yal My Scene fans . Go Bratz fans . Bratz rule My Scene drule . Bratz won My Scene lost . Ha .
 My Scene dolls are ugly and dumb . Bratz dolls are waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy better . You know it , I know it , the whole entire universe knows it . My Scene dolls suck , and Bratz dolls rule .
 The ink cartridges had very little ink when opened and what little sprayed out did a poor job . The manufacturer has not reponded to a request for replacements .
 Hi!DO NOT BUY THIS TOY ! Ok even if you push the airbrush right up against you skin it wo n't even spray . It is a total waste of money . Bye the Lipgloss Maker insted , wayyyyyy better!Why this toy is bad :1 . The airbrush wo n't fit in the holder2 . The gems and glitter goes everywhere3 . The airbrush wo n't even spray a speck4 . Buy the Lip Gloss Maker insted5 . The markers wo n't come out6 . The clip that keeps it together falls apart7 . Teaches you to be a jerk ! 8 . The markers do n't go through the airbrush9 . Tatoo Stencils always rip10 . Do n't even pay a cent on this toyThere ten good reasons not to buy this toy.Look for me on other rewiews!From , A girlwhorocks101
 This toy has not worked since the day my daughter received it from a relative . The head on the airbrush is different than the advertisement . I wish I could get the money back that was spent on it . It is a big disapointment . We have tried everything from wetting the markers , to taking everything apart . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I tried to use this toy and it would n't work . I put the markers in the airbrush tattoo and none of the ink even sprayed out . I ended up just using the markers with the stencils . My mom was mad that she spent -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- on this lame toy .
 This was very disappointing . The `` sprayer '' is just for looks , you basically have to color on the tattoos with the markers . It would be less money to go buy some markers aand tattoos etc. . This was definately not worth 25 dollars .
 I was more excited to give my daughter this present than any other . It stinks . . it took forever to get it to work , and the only way was to wet the marker/pens and then it worked for 1 tattoo . Some pens never worked.Waste of money and hugely disappointing , especially for my daughter .
 Unlike the other reviews the airbrush worked great . It was easy to use and the tattoos were clear and dark . The problems came later . When the already dry tattoos get wet they smear and make a huge mess ! The instructions warn that the ink will stain just about anything . After my daughter washed her hands a little water got on one tatoo which ran all over her arm . I had to drag her back to the sink to wash it off before her clothes were ruined .
 My daughter rec 'd this for her birthday . It lasted only a few days . We believe the airbrush mechanism pulled loose so it has no power , which means no airbrushing !
 I got this toy as a gift . I opened the marker and when it touched my skin , it did n't come off with water . I had to use rubbing alchahol to get it off . It still has n't come off fully . I made a tatoo and about an hour later it was still smudging . The tatoo stencils are easy to come off the paper and put on your skin , but the stencils get the ink on them and then that gets on your hands . The stencils do n't go back on the paper either . The tatoo maker comes only with girl tatoos which is a problem because boys might think that this tatoo maker is cool , too . I had to put band aids over the tatoo when I went to bed because it was still smudging . The machine is very loud . It takes 4 C size batteries . It 's durable , that 's the only good thing about it . I would n't waste my money , or my parent 's money on this . Just a word of warning - It 's not that much fun !
 Not exactly what we expected , you put a tiny marker into the air gun and it blows the marker fluid onto your skin . The markers are the smallest markers that I have ever seen . You can do 3 maybe 4 tatoos with one color and then it runs out . The stencil is a sticker so once you use it , it loses its stickyness and does n't work very well the next time , double stick tape worked better . Knowing what I know now , I would maybe spend 10 dollars on a product like this .
 This toy is the worst.I wanted this toy because it looked cool and i had a buniess in my school and i know people would love it.That was not cool the airbrush is hard to put back in the holder , the tatoo does not dry , It 's hard to get the ink out of the airbrush.The tatoo maker has alot of problems that I would say but it is too moch to say so I do not recomend this toy , but I do recomend the lip gloss maker .
 JUST WANTED TO TELL EVERYONE THIS TOY IS NOT WORTH IT AS YOU SEE ON THE COMMERICAL IT SPRAYS OUT THE INK OFF THE MARKER WELL IT DIDNT DO THAT ON MINE ALSO IT DIDNT SPRAY OUT ANY INK TO MAKE THE TATTOO SO I MY DAUGHTER GOT NO TATTOO . VERY UPSETTING IT JUST DIDNT WORK . THE STENCILS ARE STICKERS THEY ALL RIPPED ALSO THE GLITTER RUB OFF ANY INK THE WAS ON HER , AND ITS LOUD , NOISEY , ANNOYING . . TO SUM IT UP ITS NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY AN IT JUST NOT A GOOD TOY !!!!!!!!!
 I bought this for my daughter who is 11yrs old I thought it would be fun well when you put the marker -LRB- comes with 5 -RRB- in the air brush it does not work we tried putting water on the tip like it said and that did not work I guess I should not expect that much for the price I paid but I think I could have bought some stencils and markers for less than this . It was very disappointing .
 This product does not work - might as well blow ink through a straw at your child.Took 30 minutes to get it out of the packaging and load it up with batteries . Child was so excited - and then cried when she saw it make a fuzzy , smeary , stainy mess on her skin.Companies that have no retail presence can make crap like this cause you ca n't return them once you 've opened the box .
 i purchased this for a birthday present and the batteries but the airbrush sprayer did not do anything at all.we had to end up using the stencils and markers . do not buy this . It is a comlpete joke.They should only sell the markers and stencils !
 THIS TOY IS O.K IT 'S NOT AS FUN AS YOU THINK . THE INK GOES EVERY WHERE WHEN YOU SPRAY IT . IT 'S TAKES A WHILE FOR THE INK TO COMPLETELY WASH OFF . THE AIR DOES N'T REALLY SPRAY CLEARLY LIKE IT 'S SUPPOSE TO . YOU HAVE TO SPRAY IT CLOSELY SO IY CAN ACTUALLY WORK . I THINK FOR 25 DOLLARS IT 'S NOT WORTH IT .
 Okay , the idea for this tattoo airbrush machine was cute , but it did not really work that well . first of all , it is almost impossible to use more than one color at a time because the airbrush has such a wide spray . Second , the ink does not dry well . Basically , the ink never dried . If you wiped the tattoo , the ink would smudge even after 5 minutes of dry time . This would not be so bad if the instructions did not say that the ink should not get on any clothing as it will not wash out . The ink never dries , so unless your kids do n't wear clothing , it WILL get on their clothes and never come out .
 My daughter hounded me for months for this toy and after finally finding the last one at a local ... I purchased it for her Birthday . She opened the gift and was so excited not knowing the real disappointment she would soon feel . We put in the four `` C '' batteries and turned on the noisy pump which worked fine . I pulled the cap off the ink cartridge which got all over me somehow and placed it into the gun . Pressed the trigger and nothing happened . NO TATTOO no nothing . This toy is garbage and if you want to disappoint your kids go ahead and buy one . I 'm contacting the company on behalf of my disappointed daughter for restitution . I 'll let you know how I make out !
 A BIG waste of money . My 7 year old daughter reveived this as a gift last year and we were very disappointed . The markers lasted only for a few tatoos and even when we opened it for the first time , some of them did not even work . The colors of the markers are very faint , and it takes alot of patince to sit and wait for the tatoo to show . They also come off with just water . They claim the tatoos are reusable , but ours kept ripping and after the first use there is no way to store them to use again anyway . We did call the manufacture and they were NO HELP . !
 I bought this for my daughter last year and she was so excited . She loves tattoos and this was just what she wanted . We used it once and could never get it to work . The ink took forever to come out and the tattoo looked awful . I was very disappointed in this item . I reccommed that you do n't waste your money on this product .
 It 's bad.It comes out in a day!you might as well by a pack oftattoo your self.I brought a big pack of tatoos for a 1.00 ! It came with 50 tatoos!Booooooooooooooo!Hate it.Waste of money .
 What a disappointment ! I 'm so glad I only paid $ 4 for this joke of a toy and it is n't even worth that much . It is only about 3 inches high and 7 inches long all put together . I would have returned it if I had to pay full price for this dollar store size gift . Buy something Thomas & Friends that is part of the wooden train sets and not one with these cheap magnetic connectors .
 I AM SICK AND TIRED OF THIS ! MYSCENE FANS SAYING MYSCENE R BETTER THAN BRATZ OR BRATZ ARE BETTER THAN MYSCENE !! MYSCENE IS # 1 OR BRATZ R # 1 . BRATZ R MORE DURABLE THAN MYSCENE OR MYSCENE R MORE DURABLE THAN BRATZ . I COULD GO ON FOREVER !!!!!!!!!!!! THEY R JUST PLASTIC DOLLS . U PLAY WITH THEM OK!PEOPLE WHO LOVE MYSCENE AND BRATZ LIKE MOI R SICK OF THIS WAR AGAINST MYSCENE AND BRATZ !
 Loving Barbies as I do I absolutely can not stand this doll . The only good thing is that Mattel gives you a stand with it and I have n't seen those with the regular My Scene . She looks like she is about to enter a boxing ring and that face ... :--LRB- completely horrible . The feet also make me sick ... I mean what is Mattel thinking ? I usually like their stuff but not this thing . To charge $ 49.99 for that is highway robbery .
 my dog chewed the arms off and my brother poped the head off and stuck a ji joe head on it . so it 's not vary durable.I just hope all you childern out have been good because it 's looks like santa just took out the pearson 's home and he 's tossing ugly gross my scene dolls all over the place ! . and thats not all this year he 's going to be rolling down the block in a panzer ! . so everybody log on -LRB- ... -RRB- for more news about santa driveing a panzer this year . and go to email -LRB- ... -RRB- to send a email to santa.p.s if you do n't beleive me you will on chirstmas eve ! . and this doll is boring !!!!!!!!!!!!! . bye .
 At first , I liked ths doll.When I went on myscene.com , they made it look better.I knew that they made it taller than a reguler myscenedoll , but I did n't know HOW tall.When I finaly saw it in person ... it was almost as tall as me!And I 'm more than 4 feet tall !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hmmmm . . now that I see this picture of it , they make it look cuter than it really is!Trust me.If your planning to buy this , I 've seen it in real life.As soon as you see it in stores , you ` llregret you ever wanted it.You can count on me.I know.Trust me , please , trust me.It 's still pretty fun tho .
 This toy is the uglest thing ever . i used to collect dolls and all that jazz but now it 's gross her hands and bigger then her nead almost ! I HATE IT !!!!!!!!!!
 This doll is totally ugly . And it does n't look a thing like Cloe from the beautiful and perfect and awsome Bratz dolls . Cloe is 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 % better . Bratz dolls rule and My Scene dolls stink . And My Scene dolls are not better . Bratz are more popular and better then My Scene dolls . Even my cousin Macey who is 6 years old thinks this doll is horrifying . She collects Bratz dolls , a lot of Bratz dolls just like me . And she does n't dress anything like the Bratz . Girls do n't dress like Bratz dolls , they play with them . And how would you know if little girls would dress like them ? Have you ever seen a girl dressed like them ? No ? Well then , do n't say girls would dress like Bratz dolls unless you have profe . My Scene dolls suck and they always will . YOU My Scene fans are pathetic , not Bratz fans . Love ya Bratz fans all around the world , Bratz rule and My Scene dolls definitly do n't and never will . Besides , do My Scene dolls have school supplies everywhere , their own candy , stickers , bookbags , calenders , notebooks , bed sheets , wallpaper , chairs , tables , electronics like radios , phones , TV 's , Mp3 players , CD players , alarm clocks , clocks and camera 's , and more collections , better movies -LRB- like this years Bratz movie is going to look animated like the way the Incredibles , Jimmy Nuetron and all that stuff was made , you know , they are going to be made to look like that and they look cool -RRB- , Bratz beds , posters that did n't come with the dolls , TV show , poptarts , lamps , and more fan websites ? No , they have none of that stuff . And big deal , they have Linsey Lohan , Did you know that their are Bratz dolls in Gwen Stafani 's video for rich girl , and in the movie Cheaper by the dozen , when the parent 's were lying down on their beds , look in the backround and you will see a Strut It Meygan . Ha , I proved Bratz are better . And the reason why Mattel had a Linsey Lohan contest , and have movies and stuff come with them is because Mattel knows that Bratz will always be better , that they make stuff come with them so people will get them instead of Bratz dolls . Well , you listen up people . If all we Bratz fans want a Bratz doll and do n't want any stupid stinkin dumb ugly My Scene doll , then we can . Bratz are great and My Scene dolls are not . Deal with it.Bratz rule , My Scene drool !!!!
 When i toke the doll out , i thought cool a flexible body , I began to think she looked very akward though , i think her arms and legs are too big for the doll , so then i wanted to look at the clothes , and i just thought what has mattel done ? i mean the whole hussy clothes are bad , i think mattel should make baby dolls or something , because like the whole family thing with barbie was just ... . when i was 5 years old my mom didnt want me to have barbies , because she didnt want me to become a hussy , but my cousin got one , i was so exeicited i wanted to get one too , and with barbies i had learned how babies are made ... . now i am 9 years old , and i now know that its a sick idea to use grown women and men as a barbie doll ... and i dont want to be mean , the extra stuff was sorta cool , but overall i would give it a 2
 This toy was BOOOORRRINGGGG ! I did n't like the slutty clothes selection . Who could fit into that doll 's clothes . Please , praytell .2 weeks after I recieved it I returned the toy back to Toys R ' Us . Do not buy it !!!! I 'M WARNING YOU !!!!!
 is this doll on crack ? the hands , feet and the head is huge!who is going to pay $ 49.99 for this pice of trash ? .
 You all have got to be dumb to even think this doll looks okay . IUt looks worse then anything i have ever seen . Everyone knows that Bratz dolls are better . They are so great , thay are going to have their own TV show . Are My Scene dolls . No . That is because My Scene dolls are piles of sh*t and you know it.and My scene dolls looking like real people . NOT . Hello , real people normally look good . and this doll and every other My scene dolls do n't look a thing good and they never will . Bratz big head and feet ? their feet are smaller . And big heads . The My Scne dolls have bigger butts and boobs . they wear the ugliest and most slutty clothes ever made . My scen dolls are crap that should have never have been made . And everyone knows that My Scene dols copied Bratz dolls . for My Scene dolls looking like real people , they got pretty sloppy lips , and kinda big feet and head . And people do n't want dolls that look like real people , because then the My Scene dolls are boring . A doll is suppose to be fun , not ugly and boring and stupid . and the Brazt are fun and pretty and beautiful . So shut your mouth you My Scene losers and go kiss those ugly and dopey and lame and slutty My Scene big fat a ** butt for all I care . And do the same thing with their huge boobs . and stop saying mean things about the beautiful fashionable and pretty and popular Brazt dolls already . Bratz are better and you know it . Deal with it .
 YUCK ! THIS IS THE UGLIEST THING IAVE EVA SEEN , AND I 'M A MY SCENE FAN . ALSO , IM A BRATZ FAN . DONT FREAKIN ' DIS BRATZ !!! THEY ROCK .
 Do n't get this my scene . Too big and weird.stick with the old , small my scene doll . The 1 and only my scene fan.I love my scene but not this one .
 it is so dumb stupid and ugly ! stick to the regular dolls !
 I AM SICK AND TIRED OF THIS ! MYSCENE FANS SAYING MYSCENE R BETTER THAN BRATZ OR BRATZ ARE BETTER THAN MYSCENE !! MYSCENE IS # 1 OR BRATZ R # 1 . BRATZ R MORE DURABLE THAN MYSCENE OR MYSCENE R MORE DURABLE THAN BRATZ . I COULD GO ON FOREVER !!!!!!!!!!!! THEY R JUST PLASTIC DOLLS . U PLAY WITH THEM OK!PEOPLE WHO LOVE MYSCENE AND BRATZ LIKE MOI R SICK OF THIS WAR AGAINST MYSCENE AND BRATZ !
 I think bratz are better then my scene . who is gon ' pay $ 49.99 for this ? . I think this doll looks really gross mattel does it agian !!!!!!!!!!!!!! .
 I bought my daughter this My Scene Styling Friend doll for her birthday . She loves all dolls and a friend recomended My Scene . Someone at school told her about ' A doll her size ' and she cried for it . I gave in and purchased it . However , when she opened it , her dissapointment was clear . Her face went from excitment to dissapointment . I said `` Look ! It 's what you wanted ? Do n't you like it honey ? '' and she said `` Mommy , i do n't like it , it 's ugly ! '' and it sits in her room , untouched . She collects regular My Scene dolls , Bratz dollz , Winx Club dolls and Secret Central , but she still hates this doll .
 o.k '' mew mew '' let me tell you something BRATZ RULE AND MY SCENE DROLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . they call them '' bratz '' because they are angelz . and bratz have more fashon then my scene.so bratz are way better because -LRB- 1 -RRB- , they are more pretty , -LRB- 2 -RRB- , they make cameras , tvs , cd players , phones . and I think that pretty much makes bratz so better then my scene . thank you for reading this.p.s beyblade
 o.k i 'll stop it ... well fisrt off she looks really pretty and the clothes are nice but I just ca n't put my finger on what it is ... '' YOU MAKE ME WAN NA LA LA '' stop the music !!!!!!!!!!! ... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT ... IT ... IT ... IT 'S !!!!!!!!!!!! UGLY !!!!!!!!!!! IT 'S SICK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT 'S BA-A-A-AD !!!!!!!!!!!! IT 'S GROSSOHHHHHHHHHHH MATEL WHAT ARE THINKG ?!? . p.s that song was by ahslee simpson .
 People have been fighting about this doll for months and i 'm really getting fed up with it . Many people said it was ugly , gross and so on , so why do n't they give us a new toy to talk about ? I mean it 's already been voted uncool . So lets talk about Bratz or robots or what ever else there is . I for one think it 's a bad idea to have sold it to toy shops .
 this doll is soo ugly !!!!!!!!!!!! gross !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i ca n't see how anyone could buy this .
 Yuck , this doll looks so ugly and creepy . I would n't get this doll in a million years . It is totally ugly and I do n't like it at all . I hate My Scene dolls and this doll takes the cake .
 this doll is so ugly the feet arehuge and the hands ugh!and to the girl that wrote BraTz are slutty ugly sexy thingsshut the hell up !!! I like the Bratz Nitetie nite dolls and Ilike Victorias secret catalog thank you very much !!! anyway Bratz are cuter than this doll !! - by the way I like barbies bratz and mysceneyour making girls feel bad about them selvsso please only review about the doll !!
 This doll looks terrible !! :P And for $ 49.99 ?!?! She 's so ugly , I think the price was just out rageious !
 what in the name of the moon happened to this doll ? I do n't know it looks like she got hit by a train , really i 'm not jokeing .
 when I got the all the clothes made her look like a tard ! .
 my dog chewed the arms off and my brother poped the head off and stuck a ji joe head on it . so it 's not vary durable.I just hope all you childern out have been good because it 's looks like santa just took out the pearson 's home and he 's tossing ugly gross my scene dolls all over the place ! . and thats not all this year he 's going to be rolling down the block in a panzer ! . so everybody log on -LRB- ... -RRB- for more news about santa driveing a panzer this year . and go to email -LRB- . . -RRB- to send a email to santa.p.s if you do n't beleive me you will on chirstmas eve ! . and this doll is boring !!!!!!!!!!!!! . bye .
 ok every body amazon took of all of the new reviews and they put the old ones back and they are all good but thats not good some . poeple think this doll is bad . just like I do .
 THE DOLL ROCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! P.S WHATS A TINKER TOY
 My daughter got this toy from Santa and was sooo disappointed . It didnt work at all . The case opened once and never closed . The polish washed off with water . The gem placer did n't work , the blower to dry your nails made noise , but did n't even blow air out . The whole thing is a piece of crap and they should be ashamed to even sell it ! The on/off button only worked sometimes , so we had to keep taking the batteries out and the secret code buttons do n't work either . There is not one part of this product that works ! Do n't buy it !
 My daughter wanted this so badly . We received it and it did n't close properly and kept trying to close . I sent back and ordered it again hoping the 2nd one would work . Same thing happened . It is a great idea but wished it worked .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I had password journal for Christmas , I am very upset because it is impossible to programme , it doesnt recognise my voice or my commands . Basically is is useless .
 I 'm not sure I can agree that this toy stinks , but it was hard to set and sometimes my friend 's sister can get it . I do n't have a password on it now , but if this keeps up I will .
 Anybody can open it all you have to do is hold down the password button!Password journal 3 is much better if you want a password journal get password journal 3 . They should not have even made a toy . It should just be a journal not a password journal . Do not buy this toy ! No I wish i could give this neightaive 10 -LRB- -10 -RRB- !
 About a year ago i bought this toy , thinking it would be a fun cool gadget . I had read the other reviews that had 1,2 or 3 stars . I just kept saying to myself they 're just not doing this right or that right ; i pretty much ignored the bad reviews and paid attention to the good ones . When i got it i got excited so i put batteries in it but it was real hard to record the password because the battery holder was on the back and the speaker was on the front , so you had to turn it over . after about a week i got bored of it and put it on my desk the next time i needed to write a diary entry -LRB- about a month later -RRB- i tried to give it my password but it would n't let me in !! I also think its too tiny , it 's only 7 inches tall and the pad is n't very thick . do n't think that when you 're done with it that you can get a replacement pad . the pad is only about 5 inches tall so you can not fit a lot of writing on 1 page . now this toy is stuffed in my desk , out of batteries and I never bothered changing them because it involved a screwdriver . I regret buying this toy and if you get it you will too . so save your money for something else .
 This toy was such a disappointment . My daughter had this at the top of her wish list . I got it for her for Christmas . I agree with everyone else that it is frustrating and impossible to program . If I could have rated this all zeros I would have . Do n't waste your money . Right now all I want to do is try to return it without the packaging , which got throw out with the trash at Christmas . Otherwise the company will get an ear full .
 My daugeter really wanted this for Christmas . She was so excited to get it . However 2 days after Christmas I believe she had rather gotten somthing else and throw this thing out the window . It would be a great toy if only it was not so hard for it to recognize your password . We have reset the thing atleast 5 times now . It would work great if it had a key pad or somthing for them to enter a number code . My daughter is more frustrated with it and I feel this will become a thing of the past and will end up at the bottom of her closet .
 my daughter bought this and was easily frustrated when the toy would not respond to her voice commands . slip once of the bed and it was the end of it . looks more fun than it actually is . waste of money
 My 11 year old daughter bought this from her Christmas money . She could n't WAIT for it to arrive . She was so disappointed . Despite repeated attempts , both by her and her oh so wise and talented folks , we could not get this thing to operate like it was supposed to . It kept resetting itself , not letting us get through the entire initiation process . Bottom line , save your money , find a good hidey-place for that same journal with a tiny little lock and key that we all had when we were little girls .
 My wife 's friend got this for her daughter and her daughter , Anna , was thrilled . That is , until she actually TRIED it . When Anna tried to open it , it only opened occasionally and usually Anna got frustrated before she could ever open it , anyway . It was very low quality and now I can not tell you it 's whereabouts because no one really knows . ... In short , do n't buy it because ... ~ Low Quality ~ Fickle Technology ~ The Low Ratings ~ Appeal to Children age 9-12 ... Zip
 Light does n't work , password does n't work , change time does n't work , nothing works . Voice recognition * does not work * . Zero stars .
 I Bought this toy as a Birthday present to keep my cuzins from reading my diary . I read all the reviews but i decided to try it for myself . BIG MISTAKE This thing is cheep I would say my password and it would n't openn but when they said it it would open . the pad inside is small so you can barley write anything . the lady has a British accent so you do n't understand wat the heck she 's saying . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP !!!!!!
 It is VERY VERY VERY VERY hard to get open . It does n't even recognize YOUR voice !!! My sister could n't get it open for so long . It 's a hassle to set the alarm , you have to refer to the manual too much and you also have to enter one number at a time . Oh my godness , this toy left me baffled . I feel like returning it . I wasted my money .
 My daughter recieved this toy for Christmas , and it was a HUGE disappointment for her . I thought the one we got may have been defective , because we could n't get it to work - But after reading other reviews ... I 've come to the conclusion that it is just plain JUNK!It 's very frustrating . It took my daughter and I two hours of talking to this demonic piece of garbage , to enter the date and time . I wanted to throw it through the window!This is how our conversation with the journal went , and this is what you have to look forward to if you purchase this toy : Me
 I purchased this toy for my 8 year old daughter . She was very disappointed . She had a hard time getting it to accept her password & it would let anyone into it who spoke the password . It also would not work if our Grandfather clock was chiming , you had to be in a quiet place . Within the first 15 minutes , the front cover had came off . I was able to repair it , but you would hope for better quality from a $ 20 toy . I would not recommend this product .
 My 8 year old daughter wanted this the most and it was almost Christmas . It was at at the top of her list . On X-mas , she tore through the presents , hoping to get a journal , and found her `` dream journal '' . She told her password several times and her date/time . I had to help her , and we finally installed the password . Basically everything could open it !!! EVERYTHING BUT THE PASSWORD !!!!!!! My daughter and I were so close to tears ! I felt like picking up the `` book '' and ripping it open !! It only opened ONCE and inside was a cheap peice of paper ! Enough to last about 2 weeks !!! I cant believe I wasted my money for this piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- ! Ifelt like throwing it out a window ! We eventually smashed it with a hammer and sold the paper , never written on . Anyways , we could ` nt return it . The box was long gone . I felt so bad . Little Kensi -LRB- my daughter -RRB- was so disappointed . I should 've listened to the reviews . Please dont buy this !! It will upset your daughter !!!! Dont make the same mistake I did !!!! I now know not to buy from a certain company !!! I would 've given this 0 stars if I could !!! Be warned !!!!! OOPS !!!! I did a kid review !!! Anyways ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I did not like this toy becuase , you can push the button down and it will open . also becuaze , all of the voice commands do work . I thoght it would be nice , but not at all , It 's a surefire rip off . I am teling youto buy this toy
 This is the worst 23 dollars I 've ever spent !! When I tried to set the date , it always said , May 33rd ! I ca n't beleive they actually try to sell this . The company who made this thing probably will go out of business . Whatever you do , do n't buy this toy . All you 're going to do is return it . Just avoid it completely from the start !
 This toy is a waste of money . I bought it for my 7 year old . The voice is with an english accent and you ca n't understand half of what she says . When we finnally managed to get the password to accept , after closing the journal we could n't get back in because it did n't recognize the password . We are from South Carolina so it could n't understand what we were telling it to do . Very frustrating ! Forget about setting the time and date . What a rip off !
 OK , every Christmas and birthday has one . The toy that will not work , or drives everyone nuts . This was it for us this past Christmas . The password journal requires a spoken password and then allows `` admittance '' to the journal inside . We tried speaking normally . Whispering . Shouting . Mom 's voice , Dad 's voice , our daughter 's voice . NOTHING . No matter what we did , the journal would n't open despite repeated attempts to set a new password . After the second failed attempt - each time !!! - the password comes out with a British accent yelling , `` Intruder alert ! '' , which is followed by annoyingly loud , wailing British sirens
 This is a very bad product . The time/date and the light on/off command never worked for us . We took it back and got another one and the time/date and light on/off commands still did n't work ! The password command worked most of the time , but it seemed that if the inflection in your voice was n't just the same as the first time you recorded the word , it would n't open . Big disappointment .
 I bought this for my 7 year old daughter for Christmas - what a fool I was . Look at the package , see the pen , see the cool stuff - yep - NOT IN THE PACKAGE ! This made my daughter cry . Where was the pen that is so prodominately pictured EVERYWHERE on the package ? Not in the package , but sold seperately ! I ran out to buy it for her - CA N'T FIND IT ! Again , like the others it is already at the bottom of the endless toy box.Don ' t buy it , it is a waste of money . I bought her an old fashion regular one with a fake lock set , she loved it . -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 This toy is awful ! It did n't work once - we followed the instructions carefully and not only my daughter but others of us were never successful in making the journal open . When I opened it by force -LRB- it 's cheap , substandard plastic so that was n't hard -RRB- , the `` journal '' inside was a similarly cheap pad of paper . We 're planning to go out and get our daughter a nice , traditional diary , and she 's learned that people do n't always tell the truth on TV . I have no plans to buy anything from this manufacturer again . I hope very much that this review saves at least someone from wasting their money , not to mention making their daughter sad .
 Boy do I really wish I did read these reviews before buying this ! It is definately a waste of money . My daughter was so happy when she opened it for Christmas and then when she tried to program it , she got frustrated ! Then I tried to help and got frustrated myself !!
 i wish i could give this 0 stars . when i bought this , i tried to record the password and it said `` incorrect password . please repeat again '' it took me AT LEAST 50 tries to get it to set it . thats when the real problems started . the light wouldnt turn on , the pages were teeny tiny , there were only 10 pages in there , everytime i tried to set the date it would say December 99 , the voice got crackly and i couldnt understand a word it was understanding . do not buy this toy , it is a waste of money !!!
 Parents be warned ! This is a big piece of junk and a huge rip-off . I think that the positive comments were written by employees of the manufacturer . After reading the reviews , I decided to give this toy a chance . Huge mistake ! It does not recognize your voice , and when it does , it understands it as something totally different than what it said . My eight-year-old was very upset with the journal , and I felt very bad for that . You will regret buying this ... believe me ! Stay away and save your money ~ !
 I was dumb enough not to believe this could be so bad . My 9 year old and her 9 year old cousin both received this journal for Christmas . They were both in tears by nightime . One on the East coast , one on the West coast . Neither one worked properly . My husband actually opened the journal with his voice . No privacy and two frustrated , sad little girls . I will be returning this one when the crowds go away !!!
 I bought this toy for my 9 year old daughter and she was only able to open up the diary twice since she had it . The diary keeps saying acess denied . My daughter was very disappointed and upset that it did not work ; especially for the cost of the present .
 Im pretty convinced that this toy does not speak english . It was neary impossible to set the time and date - even to the point of frustration . I must have spoken the date into it 15 to 20 tines and it never got it 100 % correct . And the process for date/time setting is pretty exhausting . However , my daughter thinks it is fun so what the heck .
 I saved up all MY money that i earned ato by this toy that i thought was cool . but when i tryed to use it it was a ABSOLUTE waste of money . well acually it worked once and that was when i tryed to put in a name in the n i thought it worked but it didnt plus , the voice got annoying
 This is the most horrible excuse for a semi-entertaining journal that I have ever purchased for my children . I spent 2 hours trying to get it to work , but the voice commands do n't seem to respond . When putting in the password you have to speak very clear and loud . You also have to say your `` password '' twice to confirm it and each time you have to say it exactly the same way . Then when you open the journal with your password , you have to say it the exact same way as when you initially did it . Frustrating is an understatement . I 'm 27 years old and consider myself fairly good with electronics , but as of yet I have been unable to figure this thing out . DO NOT BUY THIS ! The only good reviews on this web site were obviously written by either the company or children who do not know any better and have n't actually used the toy .
 This was one of the worst gifts ever given . My 8 year old daughters -LRB- triplets -RRB- really wanted this . They ended up crying most of Christmas morning because it did n't work . It did n't regonize the password and would open randomly . I DO NOT recommend this . I did call the company but they were ABSOLUTELY NO HELP AT ALL ! They did n't care that we spent -LSB- ... -RSB- on junk and that our girls were heartbroken on Christmas morning . I guess it 's true what they say about these big toy companies ... bottom line ... they want our $ $ $ $ . I also DO NOT RECOMMEND the Icee Maker . Another big piece of junk !
 My daugher , a future secret agent , had the same programming problems other reviewers . The package shows a girl using the journal with the shredder pen , which is not included . My daughter was very disappointed and has n't been able to find one .
 Bad experience with this toy . The first one got a jammed button , and directions were not really clear , so I just sent the thing back . I got a new one . The new one did n't jam , but it does n't record/maintain a password . So , basically my daughter got a 19.99 cool journal with a push button open . She sort of likes it but the point is , it does n't do what it 's supposed to do . I recommend against it .
 I consider myself pretty technologicaly savvy and still could not get this thing to work . I could not get ANY function on this to work properly . I should have listened to the other reviews . Waste of money . My daughter and I gave up on it only 3 days after Christmas and now it 's just thrown in the back of her closet .
 My daughter asked for this for Christmas and I was happy to buy it for her . What a HUGE waste of money ! Of course , it is out of the wrapper now and I do n't think it can be returned , but it is just AWFUL !! We spent over an hour trying to input all the voice commands in . It took forever for the journal to accept her password , then it would n't take the time , or the date . After 90 minutes or so we finally got it to accept the password , time and date , and then it would n't let her in , so we had to change her password and gave up on setting anything else . We were both beyond frustrated both of us very near tears ...
 My daughter bought this toy with her Christmas gift cards . It took us over an hour to set it up and it still did not work properly . What a disappointment to my daughter . She asked if we could return it and she could get something else . Frustrating toy for a young girl and her Mom .
 My 7 year old had been waiting for this toy for months and was delighted to finally get it for Christmas . After the initial delight it was all down hill . This toy proved to be the most frustrating toy ever . After hours of trying to get it to work she abandoned it and has n't tried to play with it again . HUGE WASTE OF MONEY !!!
 The Password Journal works only for about 3 entries then you have to reset it . If you do not access it every 30 minutes or so it wont work . This is the second one that we have purchased because it was on `` Santa 's '' list . The other one did the same thing and do n't bother trying to get help from the company , it 's a waste of time .
 I bought this Password Journal 4 for my eight year old daughter . She was very excited , and I thought it was a good idea because it would encourage her to write.Problem 1 -RRB- It was very difficult for her to program because you have to speak clearly , and slowly . That was very fustrating for her . Finally working with her , and showing her how to do it , we got it to accept all her `` Secret Codes '' . Problem 2 -RRB- You ca n't whisper to it , so it did n't take long for her brother to hear her , and learn her secret code.Problem 3 -RRB- Even though it was so fickle about the way she spoke the secret code , it was n't fickle at all about who entered it . Her brother 's voice worked just as well to open it , and it turned out my deeper voice openned it too . I could say a word that was close to the original and it would open.My daughter tried using it by hiding it in her room , but she quickly lost interest in it , and now it 's on the bottom of her toy box .
 We bought this for our daughter last Christmas , and it was the worst toy we 've ever given her . She recorded her pasword dozens and dozens of times , it NEVER would open . We just kept resetting the password , stii the same problem . She ended up using the voice button from her barbie walkie-talkie , and even then , it would only open some of the time . She got SO mad , frustrated , and upset . I felt horrible that I gave her such a crappy toy that upset her like that . It , like many others I 'm sure , is living at the bottem of her cavernous toy box , never to be seen -LRB- or heard from ! -RRB- again . Do n't waste your money unless you enjoy that look of desperate frustration on your childs face
 My daughter begged for this toy for her 8th birthday , and is completely frustrated and let down . We have not been able to get it to open without resetting it because it will not recognize her simple one word password . We have n't been able to set the time , date , or alarm because it does n't seem to be able to focus . It 's been educational , in the way that it teaches her not to believe the stuff she sees in a commercial . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 I have this and I hate it . I have to use the same tone everytime and if it doesnt work I like have to pry it open .
 This was number one on my 7 year old daughter 's Christmas list . We were both really excited for her to try it . It was a huge disappointment . We could not get it to work . It became very frustratin for her , and me as well . We even took it back and exchanged it for another because we thought it was defective . We had the same problem with the second one , so we returned it and got our money back . My daughter was heart broken . Take my advise and spend your money on a nice diary with a lock .
 This thing is a total rip-off . I would have given it a nagative 100 stars if I could -LRB- or in reality , 0 -RRB- . I was 10 when I got this . I thought then it would solve my problems to my brother always breaking my locks on the old diaries . Also , I thought the features were cool , I was dead wrong ! This is why :1 . You have to speak loud and cleary , which gives your brother a good hint on what your one word password is . I could n't even set the time and date right ! 2 . The light rarely works .3 . A waste of 20 bucks ! 4 . It responds to ANY voice as long as you say the right password . Even my dads ! 5 . It kept me awake all night due to trying to program it .6 . The actual paper is as thin as tissue paper and only 20 pages .7 . I had to return it , and it took them forever to accept it!I could go on and on about this , but it will take 4ever . Get a diary that has a combo on it instead , there 're cheaper , and your brother ca n't break it .
 Warnning
 I parents bought this present for me for my 10th birthday . There is one thing wrong :1 . When you want to enter your password journal 4 and you say your password , it said that i was an intruder.So if you want a paper holder you should buy this PIECE OF JUNK .
 I bought this for both of my girls and within moments of playing the voice recognition was giving them trouble . If there is the SLIGHTEST background noise , the recognition will not recognize the password and wo n't open . If the tone is not exactly the same as when the password is set , the voice recognition will not recognize and wont open . My daughters had to keep reseting the passwords , which defeats the purpose of the password protection . I say get the old fashion key and lock diary is better then this one .
 I bought this for my little sister and it does not work at all ! It never `` recognizes '' her password and has to be reset every time-which means that anybody can reset it and open it . What 10 year old girl wants to write in a journal that anybody has access to . I thought this would be a really cool way to get her writing , but since it never worked electronically , it was n't !
 Wonderful idea , poorly executed . My 6 year old loved this Christmas present last year and still carries it around SCREAMING her password -LRB- princess -RRB- into it . Once every 100 times , it recognizes the password and opens .
 A friend of mine bought this toy three years ago for her daughter . She warned me that the journal would not work . She told me to keep the original wrapping so I could return it if the company had not improved the problem over the three years time . I am usually careful to check Amazon critics as they tell the truth about items they have purchased . This toy , I did not check . After a disappointed 8 year old was not able to even open her password journal from Santa , it is going back to the store . I will continue to check through Amazon , the credibility of products , especially electronics , before purchasing so I wo n't make the same mistake again .
 I agree with the others , this toy stinks . My friend 's sister can get in it , even if she says the right password . DO N'T BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This toy will respond to any voice . My brother got into it and he did n't even sound like me !!!! Do n't buy it -LRB- it will end up in the trash !! -RRB- It is too expensive for how stinky it is .
 This thing is such a piece of junk . My 9 year old daughter saved up her own money and bought this and was greatly disappointed . It took hours to `` program '' this thing and still never worked properly . Eventually , it got to the point where it would n't even close . Of course , it would n't matter because the thing only comes with about 10 pages to write on and it 's glued to the back so the paper can not be replaced . The quality of the product is really cheap as well . Do n't waste your time learning the same lesson my daughter did .
 My 7 year old got this for her birthday and it had her in tears by the end of the night . It rarely recognizes the password , we 're constantly resetting it . It has to be extremely quiet and you must yell to get it to open . Her little brother always knows her password and it will open for him as well . The light and date commands do not work.The concept was great and it sounded fun but it has been frustrating and disappointing for my child .
 I purchased the journal for my 11yr old niece for Christmas.She was so excited until she AND her mother tried to make it work . We read the instructions over and over , took out the batteries to reset , and even tried different batteries . I sent it in for exchange because it was defective and my niece really wanted to get one that worked . The replacement journal was no better -- had a slighty different defect , but DID NOT WORK AT ALL.WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT-THE GIFT TO MY NIECE WAS NOTHING BUT A BIG FRUSTRATION !!!!!!
 I just returned the second Electronic Journal that replaced the one my 10-yr-old daughter received for Christmas . They just do n't work . They do n't accept the passwords , or they do n't accept the date/time , the light does n't work ... A waste of money .
 My daughter had this item as the number one thing that she wanted for Christmas . Despite the bad reviews , I went ahead and bought it since she was so looking forward to it . Everything they said about it is true ! The voice recognition is junk . It never recognizes the password even when spoken clearly and slowly , and exactly as input originally . All it does is frustrate the child and parent ! I ca n't say enough that you should just save your money and buy something that is a QUALITY product and not some piece of JUNK like this !
 I got this for my five year old for Christmas - was n't the top of her list , thank goodness . We worked with it for a long time trying to get it to accept her password , and it would not . Finally , I tried it with my voice , and it worked . But I 'm not the one who will be using it ! It 's like it is calibrated for an adult voice , and her squeaky little voice wo n't get it to work . The instructions say to try to whisper if it wo n't work using your regular voice - we have n't tried that because frankly she is tired of talking to it . You can operate it without a password but what fun is that ?
 My daughter had seen this advertised on TV and it looked so cool to her . She insisted on getting it for a friend for her birthday , and I was so excited about getting it for her for Christmas . WHAT a disapointment ! We recorded her password over and over , and she tried to open it over and over . It opened for her exactly once . I feel like pitching that toy through a window , and my daughter has abandoned it . How I wish I had the foresight to read these reviews before buying it . $ 25 dollars down the drain .
 this thing frustrated me , my daughter and everyone else that tried to help her program it ! it would not recognize any words that any of us spoke , we could n't get it to accept a password code . buyer beware , stick with the old school lock and key journals .
 My lil bro has trunks , and it is the exact same thing as this toy . He hates that rotten thing ! The toy was just down right mean to him when he bought it . The stupid thingy that you can put them in is just retarded and tears and wears -LRB- hahah , liked that ryhme did ya ? -RRB- easily , and it is really stupid . He had trouble doing the kicking and punching actions with this one , benefiting me from not hearing all his noises he makes while playing , but bad for him with the disappointment of such a cruel and posture bad action figure from the 19th century . -LRB- or is it the 20th , if you know , i do n't aight . -RRB- Dragonball Z is kinda stupid anyways ...
 We ordered this bath toy thinking that it would be fun for our daughter to play with . It turns out that it is hard to use and not very much fun . The buttons are difficult to push . When you do push the buttons , the `` action '' is pretty boring . It is also impossible to get the water out of it . The suction cups are also bad enough that our one-year-old can pull them free . A waste of money !
 Sure it 's cute but it does n't do anything . The feet you 're supposed to pour with are too small to hold more than a drop and are full of holes anyway . The pushbutton in the center to make the fish go never did work . It 's all kinds of tubing and kinks and glue inside so we could n't even figure out what was n't sealed right . Our girl was bored in 5 minutes so we gave it away .
 the plane felt very cheap during asemble and the programing of the remote was tricky since the plane spazs out randomly and goes full throttle out of controll . you can buy a better float plane for a better price some where else for sure .
 The propeller it comes with and the spare one , got broken on the first and second try -LRB- never got off the ground -RRB- . The worst experience I 've had with an RC plane . I do n't recommend this plane at all !!
 i bought this for my 8 year old . it was totally overpriced and made poorly .1 . very few make-up comes with , you have to buy refills2 . make up does not show up on skin . granted , you do n't want your kids looking like clowns or streetwalkers , but if they want to play with make-up they should be able to atleast see it on their face3 . it comes pre-programmed with a password to open up the vanity . we never changed the password but it still would n't open when we tried . we used the original password and it never worked . directions say to take out batteries to reset it . it does not close without the password either , so if it was open , you would have to take everything out of the vanity to turn it upside down , unscrew the battery compartment , take out batteries and re-set . the password never worked so we had to do this every single time she wanted it open and closed .4 . after 3 days , the legs broke . this thing is junk , so consider yourself warned !!! the concept is very cute , but it needs major improvement .
 Please note that I am a huge Amazon LLC fan so please do not get discouraged by this one product ... I purchased this for my niece for the holidays ... I had three problems ... # 1 - The product appears to be `` high quality '' yet the track motor fell off track after one trial ... # 2 - It did not include any of the make-up or accessories as it was promised -LRB- I 'm sure this is very uncommon ... # 3 - The package did not arrive on time -LRB- prime -RRB- , I had to make a 2 hour trip to pick it up in time for the holidays.The quality of this product is not amazons fault , please keep this in mind ... I would recommend Lillian Vernon for a young girls make up kit
 I knew this product would not be of the highest quality . But , half of the parts that go with it do not even work . The idea of being able to attach plastic finger nails to a round platform and paint them does n't happen ; you can not even get the finger nails to stay attached . There is a blowing fan that is suppose to swirl glitter around ; good idea , but does not move anything around . The case is hard to open and close . The idea of it is fun and my 6-yr old thinks it is pretty cool to play with , so I do not mind that it is junk . But I would not recommend it if you are counting on everything working .
 This product was a Christmas gift for a friend . When she unwrapped it and then attempting to use it the tail fell off . The whole thing had cracked and was too wide for the tail to lock into place . In short it had a shelf life of about 5min and looks like it should be sold in a dollar store .
 Attention marijuana smokers ! This item is for storing and smoking cigarettes . It is not a bowl , but it should be .
 Even though I 'm sure that measurement details were given , I was disappointed at the size of the little blanket . I would not have paid $ 24 for it had I seen it ahead of time . Also , inside had the information that a portion of the sales would be given to support Chinese orphanages . My heart goes out to children in these circumstances anywhere , but we do have many here in the U.S.A. Inasmuch as I purchase regularly from Amazon and have not been unhappy with any item before this , I will not complain .
 I received a Bunnies by the Bay blanket in pink for my daughter when she was a newborn and at around 5 1/2 months of age she became very attached to it . I decided to buy a spare so that I could rotate them during bedtime and she would have two that smelled and looked the same in case one was lost . I received this one from Amazon and it is nothing like my original . It feels like a cheap knockoff . The velour and satin are thin and synthetic feeling , the bunny is not stuffed as full and the `` fur '' is not as soft . And ... the pink color that was inside the bunny ears washed off after being put through the machine once !! I recommend that if you did n't buy your first Bunnies by the Bay from Amazon , you do n't buy your replacement here .
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 I think it 's in very poor taste to price a kids toy at $ 200 . They sell for $ 19.99 . Yes they are sold out at the moment . However this is just like the monster high craze . Pricing like this is the same as when people were gas gauging . You should be ashamed at yourself .
 My daughter opened hers on Christmas and was excited pluged it in and it did n't work However my friends did on my TV . I e-mailed Amazon.com about it and they sent another one got it today plugged it in and it did n't work either . Very disappointed !!
 This was my first real disappointment from Hasegawa . This jeep is so out of scale that the figure could n't even fit in it . Why provide 7 figures for a gun and jeep that are at 1/80 scale ?
 These had a horrible toxic smell to them when I first opened the bag . The bag smelled like vinyl to me . At first , I thought the blocks just absorbed the smell of the plastic bag . But they would n't air out and even after being machine washed they still stunk . I think they may have polyurethane foam in them , which is definitely toxic and can offgas for awhile . That may have been what I was smelling . I have another foam / cloth ball by them that did n't smell as bad . I gave my daughter that ... I could n't give her these , though . I did n't want her mouthing them.All Haba cloth toys are also made in CHINA .
 I 've always been a big fan of rockets with parasite gliders , but this one leaves me cold . The rocket itself is n't bad for a ready to fly kit , but the attached gliders are made mostly of cheesy foam and are inpossible to keep properly trimmed . I guess it might be fun if you like to launch rockets then watch gliders flutter to the ground like dead leaves , but I 've got other ideas . This kits sole redeeming quality is the nose cone , which can be scavenged and used to build several other classic Estes kits . If you see it cheap , it might be worth your while , but overall the Shuttle Xpress is a disappointment .
 I have built and flown many models of rocket , but I find that this one was the worst . The design looks cool
 Not very happy with this product . the Tape for the shuttle wings wo n't stick - and the fit of the hooks makes it hard to get the wings close enough to shuttle body to stick . The rocket itself is basically cardboard with a decal around it . The decal was sloppily applied . We ca n't fit the ring on the bottom of the rocket - kinda necessary to hold the engine in to launch rocket.Feel like I wasted my money and now I 'm stuck with the launch pad and engines for a rocket we ca n't fly .
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 I bought my daughter a Leapster LMAX for her birthday last year and it worked perfectly , until I decided to buy the recharger ! I charged the LMAX on it and then when my daughter tried to play it the LMAX began smoking and it completely fried !! I followed the instructions to the letter and yet this happened . I was so upset -LRB- as was my daughter ! -RRB- and , thankfully , when I called LeapFrog they were absolutely wonderful about it and replaced it with no fuss . What a relief!Anyway , I have found that the batteries actually last for quite a while. , much longer than I had expected based on past reviews that I had read of what to expect . Recently I did buy the $ 10 plug in accessory so that when we are home the kids can play it without using batteries . So , while I highly recommend the LMAX , I strongly caution anybody who is thinking about buying the recharging system based on my personal experience .
 This Ryuk plush is super small . Probably about 5 inches . He is not to durable , and his colors are dull . I was not satisfied with this plush . So he is now sitting in a box somewhere in my basement . : -LRB-
 This looked like a very fun toy . Basically , we were expecting something similar to an erector set with solar panels . Unfortunately , the toy quickly became a nightmare . If I could give it no stars , I would!Here are the biggest problems :1 -RRB- The instructions are the worst I have ever seen , with some steps shown in detail , and others just assuming that you know how to build it based on a tiny view of one side . If it was n't for the pictures on the box , I do n't think we would have made as much progress as we did .2 -RRB- The instructions use part numbers to identify the parts for each step , but they do n't tell you all of the parts .3 -RRB- The list of parts is in no logical sequence , so when trying to determine the necessary part , I was constantly going between the parts list and the specific instructions for the toy I was trying to assemble .4 -RRB- The instructions are one big piece of paper that folds open , with the directions for all 6 items and the parts on one side of the paper . These are not simple toys to assembly , so imagine the size of the pictures and lack of detail necessary to make it fit on one piece of paper ! 5 -RRB- At times there is no physical way to put the pieces together by following the instructions because the holes do n't line up . Even after using some creative substitutions , some of the models ca n't be put together .6 -RRB- There were times when the instructions required a quantity of pieces that were n't included in the building set . There were n't any pieces missing , just lousy follow-through by whoever decided on what needed to go in the box .7 -RRB- The website address on the instructions is no longer active with no way to contact the company provided anywhere with the toy . I went through the store where it was purchased and they were extremely helpful in providing me with contact information .8 -RRB- Horrific customer service , if you can call it that ! I was basically told that I am incompetent at building toys . When I told him that my son and I were able to build the most challenging of structures with our erector set , he did n't seem to believe me , and argued with me about how inflexible I was about following the instructions , telling me that some `` logical '' substitutions may need to be made at times . He also confirmed that the website had been inactive for several years now .9 -RRB- I finally managed to put a loose version of the man on the bike together , which looked like the simplest toy to build , but when I went to attach the solar panel , the gears would n't engage the way they should . Granted , the instructions were so lousy that maybe I did n't get it the way they intended . After more modifications and growing frustration , I finally got it to work , but the only way to make the man `` pedal '' was to hold the solar panel inches from a 75-watt light bulb . Direct sunlight did absolutely nothing . How fun is that ? And safe ??? 10 -RRB- The wires on the solar panel are so thin that the connection point where they are soldered is really flimsy . Just attaching it to the one toy almost broke the wire , and that was handling it carefully.Since the novelty of this toy was the solar panel , and it was pathetic at best , and the building parts of it were so poorly designed , this toy is now in our local landfill . Thanks , Solarion ! The pieces are n't even compatible with our erector set to keep it as a building set . Very frustrating and annoying experience ! If you want a great building toy , stick with erector set .
 My son ordered this set with a gift card thinking that because of the price it was a large set . It is only about 100 pieces . It was originally sold in 2005 for only $ 9.99 so keep that in mind . If you 're a collector , it is a great set but if you 're ordering it for a child to play with , prepare for tears and disappointment when they see how small it is.I personally think the number of pieces and rarity of the set should have been made VERY clear in the description . Every Lego box has the number or pieces on the front of the box and you can see in this picture it is not there . If it had been , we would have realized that it is nowhere near a big as the box and price makes it out to be .
 I really like most attributes of this toy -LRB- or rather my son does -RRB- , but the paint issue really irks me . I unfortunately hope I can still return it because my son ca n't play with it . Even if the paint is nontoxic , I still do n't want my 4 month old son to ingest it . Shame , really , because it is otherwise quite cute and well constructed .
 these large clacking keys came in a wooden box . To give you an idea of how bad the paint issue is with these keys , some of the paint on the keys had rubbed off on the wooden container while it was still in the package ! given the size , shape and recommended age range for these keys , melissa and doug ca n't possibly expect that these keys wo n't be mouthed and bitten , yet they use a paint that immediately chips , flakes and rubs off . 30 seconds of toy testing would be enough to demonstrate the problem . Since this toy does not appear on the manufacturer 's website , I don ' y know if it is a discontinued item or what , but I would have to recommendagainst buying it .
 Our daughter was given this toy as a gift and after playing with it for about 10 minutes , we threw it in the trash . The paint started chipping off immediately and there is no way we were going to let her continue to play with it . I 've noticed that every Melissa and Doug toy she 's had does the same thing . We no longer buy anything from the brand and have asked people not to gift it to our little one .
 I was very happy with this product at first . I have three children and we have always loved sassy toys . My problem is that after two weeks of playing with the camera toy the paint is chipping off . I did not even realize it had painted parts until I saw a speck and ran my nail across it and huge chunks of paint came off .
 My son and I had a great time building this beautiful ship , but shame on Lego for not putting a dislaimer on the box , `` Not for Play , Only for Show ! '' You ca n't breath on this thing without the hull falling apart . You expect small pieces to fall off , but the backbone structure ? . I will start tomorrow on some modifications -LRB- glue anyone -RRB- to make this thing an actual toy for a 7 year old with a great imagination . By the way , whatever happened to making your own designs with generic bricks ?
 First , I confess
 The bike makes it about a foot across the floor before falling over . It never makes it up the ramp . My five year old is very frustrated by this toy . Dad ca n't make it work either . skip it , it 's a waste of plastic .
 I was so happy to get the Air Earl but when i got it the wing was snapped in half and the foam wheels did not even roll . And that was the least of the problems . The controler did not have a spring for at least 3 battery slots . So i could not even put the batteries in . This is just a warning , DO NOT GET THIS PLANE THEY ARE CARELESS ABOUT PACKING AND SHIPPING . DO NOT GET
 I had ordered the corporate jet plane for my grown son who is taking flying lessons . It was meant as a joke and also something he could have fun flying . Instead I was sent a fighter jet . It looks OK from the box picture , but it does n't have the same meaning . The box has n't been opened yet .
 my 14-yr-old son wanted an RC Plane for Christmas so I bought this one after reading that it was easy to operate . The reviews were conflicting -- some said it was cheap & would break immediately while other reviews extolled the plane for its easy maneuvering & resilience when crash landing . suffice to say , the former was true
 I was very disappointed . This was a father 's day gift from my chldren to their dad . The battery would not stay charged , and when connected in the airplane , the on/off switch in the plane only worked once or twice . The remote control handle did not work either . My husband was not even able to get the plane to fly at all . This product is very poorly made from the plane down to the remote control . I would not recommend this product to anyone . As a matter of fact , I would strongly discourage anyone from buying this particular airplane .
 This airplane would not fly at all . Tried several ways to fly the airplane in accordance with the instruction and still would not fly . The wings feel apart after couple of crash landing . This was a waste of my money and a waste of my time . I should have not purchased this product .
 I have been taken again . I will not buy another cheap model plane . This thing is complete Junck !! Substandard foam used in the construction breaks easily . patch it with tape , and it may last one more flight , but the screws holding the wing are the first thing to go . Tail stabilizer will break from wind . and forget flying if there is even the slightest breeze flowing . it will invert the plane and you 're going for a nose dive straight to the ground . Junk , junk , junk . i wish i has saved my money for something more stable and durable .
 This airplane does not work well at all . The design is poor . My dad who is an engineer even says so . It 's not constructed of durable material and performs poorly after being impacted in the grass . Over all I think this is a terrible product that should be worth 7 dollars . I would not recommend buying this for any purpose .
 This plane will not fly and I would like information to return it to purchase another item that my son can actually play with .
 This plane is of poor quality . Parts did not fit together well , some screws would not seat , and the material is so flimsy it cracked after one flight . Also , the battery charger burned out after one charge.This product was $ 60.00 , and it certainly was n't worth it .
 I read the reviews and bought it anyway ... First I want to review the seller ... I ordered it through Amazon and processed my ordered through `` The Natural Health Shoppe '' . This seller took 5 days to ship . All other Items I bought through Amazon -LRB- not The Natural Health Shoppe -RRB- shipped no later than the next day . I will avoid them in the future.Now for the toy ... After I read the reviews , I decided to use the two sided tape on the wings . The wings did n't fall off . Nevertheless , the plane flew very short and dived every time for no reason . The remote control is defective because when I went to use full throttle , the engines cut off . I 'm glad I tested this before first flight . The first crash damaged the front of the plane . The second crash knocked off the front tire . The third crash knocked off the rear tires and the last crash the tail broke in half .
 I got this as a easy plane to learn to fly - but every time I fly it I have to glue it back together - I did have a few good flights but if you get it fly in no wind only and be ready to repair it offen . Taterbug39
 This thing broke on me as soon as I got it , the nose came off . The ruder came off and I could not fly it . Do not waste your money on this crap .
 This place is crap !!! I bought this plane in July 2010 . Flew it 3 times.Does not have enough Power to Steer , Climb , or maintain any attitude
 this plane looked awesome and i was super excited , but when i flew it , it could not keep its altitude . i had to keep the thrust all the way up and it would still go down . It will stay in the air for about 5 seconds and then start descending , despite the fact that you have the thrust bar all the way up . very dissapointing . this also caused it to break many times , which i had to fix , making the plane look very ugly . can anybody suggest a nice begginer plane like this but you know it flies well ?
 Installation is easy , howevewr , the biggest draw back is that this plane is not durable and will break easly . For a child to learn to fly this plane will result in many failed attempt and that means rough landings . Ido n't feel that this plane will last too many more flights .
 It 's of very substandard quality . its not worth of $ 50 , it can only be sold at $ 1 . I 'm very dissapointed with this . It does n't even fly properly .
 this was a piece of crap i used more hot glue than building a model this is so so stupid to have a peice of crap like this .
 This was going to be a ` crash dummy ' for someone still learning how to fly rc jets , so our expectations were not very high -- in other words , it was n't such a big deal if it did n't have a lot of power or maybe was n't put together so well , and yes , we read all of the negative reviews before ordering -- but that said , when we opened up the package it came in , the kit was not only used instead of new as represented , but already flown and CRASHED , ie ; the nose was entirely crushed on one side , and if that was n't bad enough , to add further insult to injury , the screws that were supposed to be used to attach the wings to the body were not even the right size , so in addition to all of the issues previously mentioned by other reviewers about the construction , quality , and flying ability of the plane , what you should know is that now there 's also a question of whether or not you will even get what you pay for from the seller , so ... you 've been warned !!
 Purchased this unit new and was amazed at the directions for assembly . The use of the English language was so poorly written that the instructions were useless . The quality of this RC Plane is horrible . Just one bad landing -LRB- that is if you can get this piece of junk to fly -RRB- and you are looking at major repairs . Screws pulled out of the wings , the tail fin cracked in half , etc , etc. . I would have been better off using the money I spent on this plane for toilet paper to wipe my butt . Next time I will listen to the reviews . I 'm glad some people are having success with this product . Either , they have been so programmed now to accept the fact that China just makes BAD products , or they have better patience and tolerance than me .
 I have flown rc airplanes and helis for years and bought the air earl for my 8 year old to learn to fly on a 2 channel . This plane out of the package did not have a nose cone . The tail wing was cracked . I charged up the battery and took my boys to fly the plane and the motors are so week it can not keep lift . The plane goes directly into a nose dive . no glide not even powering the motor will stop it from going nose first . Do not waste your money might as well save a little extra and buy a Parkzone
 This thing is a total piece of garbage - Amazon should be ashamed to even sell it . Unforunately you ca n't give it zero stars . It NEVER flew ! - Even with assisted take-offs . Very Cheaply made - things started to break even before the first attempt to fly it . Stay Away !
 This plane broke apart on the first trip to the park . My son got about 10 minutes of joy out of it followed by alot of heartbreak while he attempted to tape it back together . The wheels feel off and were lost . The plane slammed into the ground bending the nose and tail . For the money , one would expect it to last much longer .
 Do n't buy this piece of junk it has 5 meters range only i contact Customer Care they we will contact item manufacturer from 16 feb until now 28 feb no replay
 I bought this plane a while ago and it looked like a great deal for a decent 2 channel plane . i am a long time avid flyer and have many RC planes and just go this one as a fun little plane to try out . There is only 4 power options off , slow , medium , and fast . The turning rudder is either full right or full left and when you made a rapid movement it flips and spins to the ground . they make the plane so heavy you have to be on full power pretty much the entire flight . how every the only this i would say is good is the foam is fairly durable , I ran in to the curb a few times and the nose was barely damaged at all only a small bit of compression.My recommendation would be spend a extra $ 20 for a cheap three channel plane , or $ 50 for a cheap 4 Channel !
 this plane simply does not flyafter repeated attempts , it just kept crashing into the ground nose first : -LRB- and i am no dummy when it comes to flying , i fly helicopters which are much harder to flyin short save your money.get something in the 100.00 price range , and you wont feel like you just threw 50 + dollars away
 this plane is clearly a peice of crap 1 its hard to assemble 2 when you charge the battery it turns really hot and feels like it will start a fire 3 it does not fly 4 the engine is not strong enough 5 it breaks when it comes for a crash landing 6 when you repair it it just breaks again 7 the ruder does not work 8 it is very hard to use if not impossible 9 it cant even fly 10 yards 10 the remote does not work 11 if this is your first rc plane its a bad experience 12 DO NOT GET IT IT DOES NOT FLY !!!!!!!!
 The plane never flew ... . It was very bad decision , it was my worst purchase ever made , be careful if you want to buy this
 This plane was a piece of junk longest flight i had was 30 seconds and i could n't steer it in the air . I do not think anyone should by this piece of junk .
 It 's horrible dosent fly it just brakes i do not require this to begeners and pros it sucks its bad
 I have many r.c. Planes and this is a junk , never got to do a full flight and broke on the first crash , for 20 more I will totally recommend the piper cub champ !
 this toy is fun , but it breaks very easily . It lasted about a day . then the string broke .
 I am a professional yo-yo player and can do all the advanced tricks . I can not stand yo-yo posers like the Yo stick , or yo-yo ball . If you are going to spend money on a toy like this , buy a yo-yo . May I suggest the fast 201 ?
 I purchased this toy for my son who loved the Mega Bloks pirate ships but this was a huge disappointment . They do not stay together and some of the pieces did n't even fit each other . I would not recommend this product - save your money .
 This toy is awful !!! It falls apart while you 're building it . It 's enough to make me want to throw it in the trash . My 3 year old liked the dragon that comes with it , but other than that , save your money .
 We got this toy from MegaBrands as compensation for the numerous toys they sold that were recalled because of lead paint . I can understand why they give it away . It is a cheap immitation of Lego blocks . My 6 year old used it for about 2 minutes before parts collapsed . He rebuilt it , it collapsed again . We superglued it together so that he could use it . The same was true of the Pyrates ship they sent . The interlocking pieces are either cut too small or were made on the cheap and they do n't align properly . Either way , it makes for a toy that is unuseable . If they allowed zero stars , I would have given it a zero overall rating .
 This toy looks and sounds like the real thing , but my son became quickly bored with it . It would be nice if the bottom part actually spun around -LRB- not at a dangerous speed , but something that looked real -RRB- . I 'm concerned about the durability of this toy . The clear pastic on the bottom tends to get rubbed on the ground . It 's already scratched and chipped .
 Broke on 2nd day . It is not very durable for 21/2 year old to play with .
 THIS BOAT GOES REALLY SLOW ONLY WILL WORK IN A STILL BODY OF WATER . TRIED IT IN A LAKE AND A RIVER AND ALMOST LOST IT BOTH TIMES AS IT CANT KEEP UP WITH THE CURRENT OR THE WAVES . AFTER ONLY USING IT A FEW TIMES IT STOPED WORKING . NOT WORTH THE MONEY . DOES NOT COME WITH A BATTERY CHARGER AS STATED . ONLY COMES WITH ONE SET OF REGULAR NOT RECHARABLE BATTERIES . NEVER HAD TO REPLACE THEM BECAUSE IT BROKE BEFORE THEY WERE WORN OUT .
 this kitchen looks pretty cheap . There is not a lot of space for cooking really and inside the `` fridge '' and oven there are racks so it is hard to place things because things fall through the holes of the racks . I solved that by giving my daughter containers where she could put the food and I tought her that thats were she had to put it to keep it neat and organized . Also the back of the kitchen has holes so things easily fall . the oven is not too spacious , its hard to fit things in because of the rack . I think for this price or a little bit more you can get a nicer looking kitchen with more space in the fridge and oven to store things and to pretend . There are very nice and realistic kitchens out there , get one of those and if your child really loves Dora , just get Dora cups and plates or other accesories for the kitchen . Good Luck !
 I got this for my 2 yo Daughter who LOVES dora . for the price of $ 79 it isnt worth it.only the map , blender and radio make sounds . nothing else does.some other sets have hundreds of noises but not this one.if you are buying it for pretend play or just because it is DORA -LRB- which was our case b/c daughter went nuts when we saw it and cried for it -RRB- then you will be happy . But if you want one that makes noises or is interactive etc then dont buy this one.i knew better than to buy this thing . ugg . now it is put together and just dont feel like lugging it to the store for a refund .
 I bought this item because it was Dora . I was disappointed with quality of the plastic , compared to the Little Tikes kitchen . Otherwise , great idea if they improved the durability .
 I just got this for my 2 1/2 year old . I was very disappointed . After getting it home from Toys-R-Us I had to go back and ask for another one because the 28 pieces were missing ! After getting my new kitchen home and putting it together I am even more disappointed . The radio makes blender noises and the Blender makes the radio noises ! I do n't think I am even going to bother getting a 3rd one . This kitchen has been sold out everywhere I have looked for it Targets , Walmarts , etc. so I thought it must have been a great toy . My daughter loves anything and everything Dora as most girls do ... but take it from me this it NOT WORTH buying . It 's a disappointment because I have been happy with all the other Dora toys .
 We ordered this for our 4 year old for Christmas . When she first saw it set up in front of the tree she was thrilled . Upon trying to play with it , she was bored within moments . The quality is mediocre at best , the door falls open , no back on the set at all so the accessories fall out the back . The recipe cards are not entertaining , and it is limited in what this does . For the $ 65 we paid for this -LRB- amazing how it is cheaper after Christmas -RRB- , is totally not worth it . I wish I had not thrown away the box , because I would have for sure returned it . My daughter plays with it only if passing it and it catches her eye . The cooking pieces are more entertaining than the whole kitchen . Would not recommend this to anyone over the age of 2 . Very disappointed in this piece .
 In what galaxy is this toy worth $ 400 ? This toy originally sold for somewhere between $ 60 and $ 80 . It has been discontinued only because newer models of Dora 's kitchen are available .
 It 's a stick on a string . My 8 year old daughter just HAD to have it . Being the push-over that I am I bought this stick on a string . She thought it was cool for a few minutes . She has n't even looked at it since the day it arrived . She has had much more fun learning how to use my yo yo .
 I purchased these for my son to add to his wrestling collection . I was disappointed at how cheap the plastic is ! The table will not fit together properly and my 8 year old son had a hard time trying to make it sit flat as it should.I would not recommend this product .
 These toys just were hard for us to keep putting back together so they could be broken again while playing with them . They were frustrating for the kids so they do n't play with them ,
 My son is 10 and is a wrestling fan . He loves to wrestle with his action figures using tables , ladders and chairs . I was excited to order this product for him but disappointed with the quality . The ladder was o.k. but the table was poorly made . For such a simple product , you would think it would be easy to use , , , NOT !!!
 I order this Item for my grandson for Christmas he has a ring and wrestlers already I thought this would be great for him.I took this item out of the some padded envelop and put in small box wrapped it for Christmas he took it out and one legs were broken now I 'm gon na buy him something else if it 's gon na break in a box I 'm sure it would not last in a wrestling ring . I do not re command this toy .
 I just realized this seller dropped the price of this item by $ 2 in less than 10 days from when we purchased.We got the item in a timely manner , but each item was in a cellophane package - no instructions . It 's like it was a bulk item the seller had , but did n't necessarily pass along the savings to the customers.We ca n't get the table to cave in - in the middle . . instead , it wants to `` break '' up , so that each end goes down and the center cracks up . Then the cross bar on the legs broke off and the tabs broke with it , so that piece is just trash now . The table works , just not like you 'd think with a wrestler being `` thrown '' on top it . . The ladder is just a ladder ... If we 'd have spent a total of 10 bucks , it would n't be so bad , but we spent just under $ 18 -LRB- my sons money he earned from dog sitting -RRB- . . just too much for this item . He 'd have been happier with a new wrestler . Oh well .
 The figures are minute and require painting with brushes designed for miniatures . If one would like to create a scene in a bottle or other such small display medium they would work well . Not for small children as they could be easily swallowed and puncture the esophagus or other alimentary organ .
 What is one supposed to do with this tiny little crate ? I hoped that I could use to store my apples but this is designed for a doll house .
 He does n't really dance , he jumps up and down . It is very loud and noisy when jumping and we just found it annoying . Our 5 year old loved it .
 I obviously did n't read the dimensions very well with this product because it is very small . Also you have to put it together . So imagine , small little pieces of plastic to put together and then you have a very small little truck that is easily breakable by your child . This would be for children that are 10 or above . I sent mine back because of the factors stated above . I would not recommend this toy - really not even for an older child .
 I erred when I purchased this item , thinking it was something that could be played with by at 4-year-old . It is really a model . We returned it for that reason .
 My son loves Thomas and likes this game , but mostly because he loves the Thomas characters . The game is hard to set up
 My daughter is a Thomas fanatic and bought this with her own money at the toy store . It is by far the worst board game I 've ever had to play . It is very non-linear , in that you are not going from Point A to Point B. It 's also repetitive and infuriating in its lack of sense . My daughter likes it just because it has her beloved Thomas , but we just groan when she brings it out . It really could have been much better . I hate when they will just put a popular character on anything . Would it have cost them more to have this make sense ?
 I got mine and it all had a yellowish tone instead of white . It seems they were using a cheap final coat lack that turns into a warm yellow color over the time . Also , there were several points where pain job was really bad and color had an offset from the place where it should be applied . Right boot was not glued properly - it had 2 millimeters distance from the leg , so I had to pull it out by force and reapply glue . On the right shoulder there is a visible molding defect.Verdict
 First of all the `` advertisment '' of this figure looks great however the actual figure looks nothing like johnny cash . I have many figures and this has got to be one of the worst cases of false advertising I have ever seen . What a rip
 I want to love this toy , I really do . From the high quality eco-friendly wood to the happy workers pictured on the insert , it should be a winner . I was a litte shocked how small the shapes are however . Unfortunately 4 of the 6 shapes are small enough to easily fit though a toilet paper tube . Maybe I 'm overly paranoid , but I thought that was the test for a choking hazard . I do n't think that changes much by the listed 18 months . I love the swing up doors though , so we are keeping it to work on putting things away and taking things out with our 9 month old twins . I know they will get a kick out of banging the doors open and shut . Just another 1/2 -3 / 4 inch diameter on all the shapes and this would be perfect . The Wonderworld Peek-A-Boo ball has been a huge hit , so I will keep buying from this company . Bummed that this one ca n't be used as it was meant to be .
 My son liked the mirror and the sounds when he was very young -LRB- 4wks-8wks -RRB- . I have n't been able to get or keep his interest with it since . I mention it because I know there are other parents out there that have children that are only interested in toys that are very interactive , brighter and flashier and are more involved with their parents -LRB- help/supervision -RRB- . The concept is great , but it is for the baby that likes quiet play and is maybe more studious .
 My daughter received this as a gift at 11 months . She was n't interested in it then and still is n't 6 months later ... it seems to interest much younger babies .
 This Lamaze Play & Grow did n't hold my son 's attention . We 've tried to reintroduce it to him and he still does n't have interest . We also have Pup Squeak and Freddie the Firefly and he adores the Pup Squeak and likes the Freddie
 My four month old son was playing with his favorite toy Celeste and practicing his new roll-over skills when the toy became wrapped around his neck . My husband was nearby and remove the toy before our son was strangled to death . We returned Celeste to Learning Curve -LRB- the maker of Lamaze toys -RRB- and cited the incident and their `` guarantee for life . '' Two months later we have not received a response from them . Additionally , this incident was reported to the CPSC -LRB- Consumer Product Safety Commission -RRB-
 This product was a hand me down from my sister and was used by my first two and now our third . They loves the toy , but just this evening when I went to check on the baby I found one of the strechy pulls wraped around his neck . I do n't think he was suffocating -LRB- yet -RRB- , although he was definitely struggling to get free . I had the toy hanging in the crib , which I think made things worse since it was essentially acting as a noose once it got wrapped around . I do n't know if the newer version of the toy has sorter pulls , but in any case I will alert the CPSC tomorrow .
 Got this for baby when she was 2 months . She 's now 9 months Hoping she 'd learn to love it , but she never has . It does n't make enough noise or ` do ' anything . One of her least favorite toys . I 'm disaapointed , because she LOVES her clutch cube .
 After my son 's positive reaction to Lamaze 's Play and Grow Tucker and a Lamaze Hippo , I figured I 'd try another Lamaze toy . I seem to have pushed my luck.While other Lamaze toys are relatively gender neutral , this one seems somewhat more feminine -- which is n't , in itself , the end of the world.The big problem is that it also seems pointless . When I introduced it to my son , he did n't seem to know what he was supposed to do with this sun/moon thing . He could n't operate the squeaker in one of the tentacles ... and he seemed almost as confused by the fact that this sun/moon thing had tentacles as I was . The look on his face said it all
 what is this that you want anyone to buy any toy/item from you when you are no longer putting pictures up on the web ?????
 Price Gouger !!! The toy is fine when the retailer has it for sale at the true retail price . This BravoFun company not only sent me the wrong color , they sent me one that did not have any scent left ? Old perhaps ? Way to close to Chrismas to replace , plus they jacked up the price between when I purchased it and now . Buy one from an ethical store .
 I am terribly unhappy with my recent purchase . I bought a pack of Pokemon Jungle Japanese Booster cards for a Christmas present . I could n't believe that the pack of cards were opened and had tape all over the pack . There is no way I can give this as a gift now . Now I am stuck with a pack of useless cards and I am out $ 8.00 . It apears that the seller opened the cards and could have taken out good ones and left me with all common cards .
 Unfortunately , these cards were veeeeery boring to my little Pokemon collector ... They were very VERY common cards and he was a little less than excited to get them ... They quickly went onto a pile of his `` dork cards '' he calls them , lol ... ouch !! They were NOT the cards pictured , so please do n't make the same mistake I did !! Wish I had bought something different . . or wish there was more variety or maybe a few good cards ??? Would not recommend for your Pokemon fan : o -LRB-
 The tabletop was broken and the chair legs did n't fit when we received the item . They sent replacements promptly , but a year later a chair has a broken support . Very poor quality I think , I 'm rather disappointed .
 Let me begin by saying that when this set arrived , we were quite pleased with it . It looked very attractive and fit with our kitchen decor beautifully . It seemed reasonably strong , and I still have no issues with the chairs -LRB- which I have used many times myself , occasionally while holding a sobbing kid on my lap -RRB- . But the table is , unfortunately , another matter . The drawer that comes with it is very nice to have , but it causes problems . First we had to attach a string to the back to keep it from pulling all the way out , because the plastic drawer stop which came with the table was not only rather flimsy , but it made it very difficult to use the drawer -LRB- it stuck down into the drawer like an unseen drawer divider , and small toys would catch on it , making it very difficult to open the drawer , especially for our child -RRB- . Then the screws which were holding the drawer supports in place gave up , causing one of the supports to fall . The screws which come with the table are rather short -LRB- of course , if they were too long they would poke through the table -RRB- . Well , this was annoying , but not entirely unexpected . My husband decided that rather than trying to reuse the screws in the stripped holes , or risk drilling new holes , he would use dowels glued in place with wood glue to hold the drawer supports in place . So he started to clean the area around the holes in preparation for gluing and discovered , to our great disappointment , that the table top is not rubberwood at all
 Although Amazon says this table is for ages 3-7 , KidKraft says it is for ages 5-8 . It was much too big for my 2 1/2 year old daughter . The table and chairs were both too high , so she was not comfortable sitting there . Also , our kit was missing some washers and both of the chairs would n't assemble properly . The customer service at KidKraft was very nice and willing to send replacement parts , but we decided to return the entire table because of the size . We found a 19 inch table that fits our daughter perfectly .
 just a reminder that the warranty is only 90 days , while the chair broke down in the 4th months in my case ... . the set looks pretty good , but as the other reviewers mentioned that the legs of the chairs are easy to split . it happened to mine ...
 I soo wanted to love this table . I did a lot of research and for a kid size `` espresso '' table for our kitchen . There were a lot of options but based on the reviews I decided on this one although it was more expensive then many . They said it was `` sturdy , '' and I wanted to keep it for a long time . I also liked that I could buy additional chairs individually . Well , after two months of use , my very lite then one year old managed to jump on the back of the chair in a way that broke it . Thankfully , baby was okay but as my husband fixed it , he said , `` Well here we are fixing the expensive , pretty , table and that cheap $ 20 one from IKEA over there is holding up just great . '' Now a year later the second chair has been broken also . I can replace them for $ 40 each or I can buy another IKEA table with two chairs for $ 20 and stain them to the color I want ... at least with the IKEA route , when my kids decide to be kids , I wo n't be frustrated at the loss .
 I was excited to get this table and chair set for my kids at a good price . It arrived and was ealy to put together BUT the back of one chair was loose on one side . I thoght about returning it but that seemed like a pain so my husband glued it together . Well now the back top section broke off . Pretty sure it ca n't be fixed so we only have one chair now .
 The set looks great , looks like it 's solid , sturdy . No such luck ! One leg broke in half after only 4 months of usage . A 3 years old fell off -LRB- luckily we have carpet -RRB- . It is hard to comprehend . How can a tiny girl break a chair ?! The warranty is 90 days , and the chair broke in 4 months . So , no returns are accepted . I never write bad reviews , but this is just outrageous . Junk , junk , junk !
 I bought this table for my two sons to do their homework . When the table arrived , the seat did not have holes in it to connect to the frame . A replacement was sent to us . Then about 7 months after using the table , one of the legs split . We ordered a replacement part . It arrived , but it was smaller than the original leg and it only had holes but not the necessary hardware to attach the leg and screws . While the table was flipped , I looked at the remaining legs and noticed that another leg is splitting as well . We decided that since we have only had problems and wrong/inadequate parts , we are just going to toss it and buy another one from a different company . I do not recommend this company at all .
 Overall , the table purchased for our granddaughter is very nice . However , after assembly we did notice a split on one end of the table top , where one of the laminations had failed .
 I love the look and have n't had any problems with the chairs or drawers , like some other users . But I have to put a warning out to those who will be using this to eat on . After two months , we have bubbles in the top surface of the table . It is heavy , like wood . But my kids left a wet wipe on it for just minutes and the top is now ruined . If I had to do it over , I might buy this again , but use some type of plastic cover for the top . Even using pen on paper leaves indents on the top of the table.It looks great , but is n't very functional in a kitchen .
 We bought the table when my son was 16m old . He 's now 25m . The table surface has gotten rough . It is now difficult to clean and water intrusion is obvious . There are n't any glass rings , or obvious locations where water was allowed to sit . However , there are several planks that have become rough.He uses it for snacks , which sometimes includes spills and always a washing wipe down afterward . He uses it for play , frequently cars driving across the top . It 's been used by only one kid and sometimes myself or my husband will join him for a snack . We initially had it in the play area . But since he loved having a table his size and eating there , we moved it into the kitchen . In other words , this table has been well-used for 9m , but certainly not abused.I contacted KidKraft . Their response was that it 's for 3-8yr olds , not toddlers . That it is not waterproof . And that I could spend $ 20 plus an unspecified amount for shipping to purchase a new table top . Given that KidKraft does not feel that their table tops should be waterproof enough to withstand typical toddler usage , I am refinishing the table myself . Otherwise , I might be spending $ 20 -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- again in 9m , maybe even sooner as our second gets old enough to use it too.I 'm jumping to conclusions and making assumptions when I say the following
 The tabletop was broken when we received it and two chair legs did n't fit . Kidkraft sent replacements , but now the chair top has broken a year later . I 'm not at all impressed with the quality of the furniture .
 I bought this table for my kids for Christmas . I was really excited to get it but wish I would have opened it before Christmas eve when my husband put it together . after he has it fully put together and set up under the tree I noticed the top of the table was cracked in more than one place and one of the chairs was missing a piece to the back of it . I really like the look of the table but the flaws bother me a lot . I do n't want to waste the time to send it back and wait on another but I just wanted to give others a heads up .
 I would never advise anyone ordering this furniture . Chairs had cracks and table top had damage too . I have had nothing but issues in getting credited back as they promised on December 23rd . The only non-defective piece is still waiting for pickup on my front porch - as of Jan 22 , 2012 . Original order was placed on 12/2 2011 now Jan 22 , 2012!@!!!!
 My daughter was very excited about this christmas gift from grandma , but the excitement did not last long :-LRB- We received 4 of the same side of the chair instead of 2 of each side . I had emailed them and did not see the response -LRB- it went to my junk mail -RRB- so I called them the next business day they were open . They were very helpful and sent 2 new missing side pieces , no questions asked . I then received the ones that they sent from my phone conversation and they had sent ones from my email inquiry . None of the new sides matched my original pieces . I called them and they were willing to send new sides , but I was concerned about running into the same issue , so I opted to send the whole thing back and get a new set . Also the top of the table had scuffs from the small amount of time my daughter used it for tea parties . I did not even look through the whole new set . The top had big dings and the paint was chipped . Again my daughter was disappointed and we sent the whole thing back ... bummed
 This toy was fun for about 30 days then it began to malfunction . At first it began to bounce only sporadically then it stopped bouncing all together . Fisher-Price -LRB- Mattel -RRB- customer service told me to replace the batteries and if that did n't work , return it to the store . After a month the receipt was long gone and changing the batteries did not help . The toy still says it 's phrases and plays music but without the bouncing it is n't very much fun . It 's too bad because my daughter loved it while it lasted . For 19.99 , I think it should last longer than a month . This is n't the first Fisher-Price toy I 've had trouble with lately . I think their quality is going downhill .
 The second you touch this toy , 3 parts explode and fly everywhere , including it 's head for some reason . Guess that 's what I get for not reading the reviews ; -RRB-
 Purchased this item for my 7 month old who is in the 90th percentile for height . I mention the height because even as long as he is he could not use this roller when inflated all the way as the intructions suggest . And the item did not perform as described once deflated to the point he could safely lay on top of it to help `` encourage crawling '' as the box describes . When I fully inflated it and he was laying on top of it the roller slipped forward on carpeting and my child hit the carpet face first and was crying for awhile then wanted little to do with the roller afterward . If you want any indication of what size or age child this roller is appropriate for look at the box and the child that looks about 2 to 3 yrs of age . By that time when they look to be the age of the child on the box do they really need somthing like this ?!?!? At the very least CHICCO needs to relabel this learning toy approprately ! I will be complaining to them directly!Chicco Musical Roller
 It 's fine . Possibly my kiddo just was n't interested but he 'll get very excited when I present it to him , accept it , shake it a few times , roll it around then in about 5 minutes or less he 's done with it.He was looking through the clear window at his Dad a few nights ago and that induced some really awesome giggles . The little musical chip has worn down to some sort of creepy , haunted house-esque , horror movie , broken music box sound and it has been played with , literally , less than 20 times.I suppose it just depends on the kid but my son did n't go for it .
 I purchased this toy on Amazon for my grandson because my kids had them when they were babies & they loved it . I found it cheaper at a toy store & returned it to amazon because they would n't match the cheaper price . It was kind of a hassel to return even with they 're 1 year toy return policy but after several phone calls I got a full credit to my account . I guess they 're not as durable as they were back then & the windows to see the balls & bells inside are not as big . He was only 6 mos . old & only played with it a few times in the house on carpet but after a few times it started to go flat so not as durable as it needs to be . He did seem to enjoy it when it held air & I 'm sure if it was of better quality it would be a great toy for baby as it stimulates movement & motor skills .
 My daughter liked playing with the toy , but my husband and I were a nervous wreck each time she went to it ... On two occasions she rolled over the top of it and we had to catch her from landing on her head . I do not recommend for little ones . Needless to say , we deflated it and put it away .
 I wanted to get a world map puzzle with maybe less than 60 pieces for a 3-year-old kid . I got this world map puzzle with 600 pieces . I am disappointed . I wish this product was listed with accurate description . There is no way that I could have guessed from the title of the product . This is not a toy at all . I 'll have to donate it when I get a chance . Please ignore my ratings because I did n't even open the box . It would n't let me enter a comment without rating it .
 This is a waste of money for what you get . Go buy a piece of felt and make it yourself ! It is just a piece of felt , no sewing , no backing , nothing .
 I gave this as a Christmas gift for a 2 year old child . The handle kept coming off . I told the parents I would return the talking broom for a refund , but they had begun gluing the part -LRB- s -RRB- that kept coming dislodged . The faulty construction should be corrected -- NOW , before the product injures a child .
 dont bother wasting your moneysuch a small amount of sand for the priceand the quality was poornot very soft
 I need to learn how to read the dimensions . Thought I was getting a 5lb bag of sand to refill the kids sandbox , thought the price a bit steep for that , but got a tiny little bag of sand that fits in the palm of my hand . Only myself to blame for not reading directions . wouldnt spend the money for something so small .
 What a waste of money !!! Whatever you do , do n't buy this puppy ! I paid almost 40.00 for this dog . All it does is barks , wags his tail , kicks his hind leg and gives kisses . This dog is the worst !! It does not sound ANYTHING like a real puppy . And even though I had put water in it , the kisses were just a little wet!Thanks for reading , have a great day !
 Shows price which should be for dozen , but charge that for 1 ball . Returned it am waiting over 3 weeks for refund
 This is cute and very sturdy , but it was probably the most difficult thing I 've ever put together . The directions were fairly clear , except for the one main part about attaching the springs . I 'm still wondering if I did it correctly because the toy is quite stiff - it takes a lot of pressure to make Clifford bounce -LRB- I was hoping it would be really bouncy like the old spring horse I had as a kid -RRB- . Also , the springs themselves are very thick and tight and do n't give at all . My 20-month-old granddaughter is happy to sit on it for a few minutes , but ca n't get it to move much . I 'm hoping that as she gets heavier and stronger , it will be more fun .
 I do n't know if these balls were once made with leather , but now they are garbage ! Do not buy these `` PREMIUM LEATHER '' which means PLASTIC now . `` Premium '' LOL . . this is a deceptive practice , as `` Premium leather '' = `` not leather '' . I feel taken ! and will never buy Diamond products again . Just another example of `` dumbing down '' a quality brand / product for the sake of profit . I have been around baseball since I was 8 years old and I know when these manufacturers are trying to sneak a pig under the fence '' PREIMIUM LEATHER '' come on guys be honest , and they wrap the product in plastic bags so you ca n't feel or smell the product yes smell , real leather = quality has a smell vs. plastic = cheap . Shame on you Diamond Sports You got me on these 3 dozen balls but you have now lost my business for ever which is about 12 dozen balls a year too funny ! I moving back to the Wilson 1030 's Real Leather Baseball ! If you want Cheap baseballs that do n't last and have no pop buy these pathetic balls .
 Yes , the 840/850 series is no longer in production -LRB- 1991-1997 -RRB- . -LRB- I have to wonder why it took Mattel another two years to produce a model of this vehicle . -RRB- And yes , this Mattel model is no longer in production , a collector 's item of a collector 's item , so I guess that makes it something to hold onto . That being said , this is jut a plain sloppy and shoddy representation of what is arguably the finest body design BMW has ever rolled out . This model is off in so many ways
 We purchased the Giant Art Jar Kit and found that the jar is mostly filled with colorful paper confetti , so that it looks like you recieved a lot of craft items . When you open it , and rifle through , you will find that the actual craft items only require the bottom quarter of the jar . We were disappointed .
 I was greatly disappointed when my granddaughter opened the jar . 90 % of its contents is shredded paper . There were only 10 sheets of paper , a few feathers , pipe cleaners , pompoms , popsicle sticks , and lots of sequins . There should be a lits of the items contained in the jar . I can not understand how people could have given this item five stars . I would give it two -LRB- 2 -RRB- .
 this was a christmas present for my granddaughter . It was not exactly what was expected . It was kind of chinzy . Had lots of cut up tissue paper but not much else .
 The art jar is a total waste of money . 90 % of it is shredded paper which quite frankly a child ca n't do much with . I will use it to stuff gift bags . It shows projects on the outside but they certainly are n't projects you can do with the items in the jar . You are better off buying supplies at a craft jar and creating your own craft jar . It is stuff with about 15 pom poms , 5 pipe cleaners , rolled up thin colored paper , a small roll of streamers and a small bag of feathers . Plus a wad of shredded paper . Save your money !!
 Sadly , at Christmas we got two arts and crafts gifts and we returned the Big Fun arts and crafts kit to the store before we opened this one . What a ripoff ! If I need paper confetti in a big plastic tub , I could have cut up some tissue paper ! The real art contents of this jar could be contained in a about two yogurt cups . What a ripoff !
 This `` art jar '' is practically worthless . Sure , there are a few pieces of paper , a handful of pipe cleaners , and other miscellaneous goodies , but this jar , no kidding , was filled at least 2/3 full of shredded colored paper ! My son was so disappointed .
 This Art Jar is packaged beautifully , but once we got it home we realized that it was mainly shredded paper . Great idea , but very deceiving .
 I must have missed the review on this , I guess , because it really is horrible . I can not believe how much confetti is in it . I should have taken a picture ! There are a few , and I mean few , small packages inside , and little else but confetti . This is usually an excellent craft company , so it 's amazing that they do this .
 As other reviewers stated , 80 % of the jar is filled with paper confetti . The value of the included items is probably less than $ 10 . That being said , my three year old son loved it - he did n't seem to notice that there was n't that much included , but I had expected a lot more . It was very disappointing .
 We do a lot of crafts with our daughter , so we received this item with great excitement . Then we opened it . We were expecting a large amount of quality items . Unfortuneately it was mostly filled with a bunch of crepe paper . The felt stickers were crappy too . I would not recommend this item .
 I agree with other reviewers , this jar is filled with confetti . I wish I would have read the reviews before I purchased this . I was excited that it was eligable for free shipping because it was n't before . So I just put it in my cart . I would rather have picked out things separately at a craft store . . pretty junky .
 This school bus was smaller than I expected , about 4 inches long . I bought it for my 3 year old son who loves school buses . He broke it in the first 5 minutes of opening the package . It 's a pull-back and go car . And he pulled it back too far on the first try and it snapped the wheels . They were wobbly from then on . This toy is not for kids and it 's not really for playing with from what I can tell . Very dissappointed .
 I purchased the Kelsyus floating chair as well as the Kelsyus floating hammock for a vacation to the Caribbean so I 'll compare the pros and cons of both products below . Both spring-floats are perfectly sized for travel on an airline , are lightweight , and inflate easily . My wife and I hiked to remote beaches and used them on the sand instead of beach towels -- they keep the sand at bay and prop up your head for more comfort . The hammock is exceptionally easy to inflate and fold up when you 're done . The chair , on the other hand , is more comfortable for lounging , although next to impossible to fold up properly . If I were recommending one for traveling , I would suggest buying the hammock because it inflates more quickly and folds effortlessly.Floating hammock -- PROS : -LRB- 1 -RRB- portable -- easily fits in a suitcase or as a carry-on -LRB- 2 -RRB- easy to inflate -- pillow takes 4 breaths , hammock takes about 12 -LRB- 3 -RRB- quality inflation valves -- open and close with little effort -LRB- 4 -RRB- folds easily -- fold it like a taco and it springs into a circle for storage -LRB- 5 -RRB- great to use on the beach under your towel -- keeps sand away from you and provides a pillow for your headFloating hammock -- CONS : -LRB- 1 -RRB- difficult to climb onto when in the water -LRB- 2 -RRB- submerges your body a little too low -LRB- 3 -RRB- mesh bag not very sturdyFloating chair -- PROS : -LRB- 1 -RRB- portable -- folds even smaller than the hammock , although a bit thicker -LRB- 2 -RRB- quality inflation valves -- open and close with little effort -LRB- 3 -RRB- great to use on the beach instead of a chair -- more comfortable than the hammock -LRB- 4 -RRB- easy to climb onto when in the water -LRB- 5 -RRB- submerges your body perfectly in a seated positionFloating chair -- CONS : -LRB- 1 -RRB- harder to inflate -- takes about 40 breaths to inflate fully -LRB- 2 -RRB- impossible to fold properly -- the `` fold like a taco '' technique does not work with this chair ; getting it to fold and fit back into the bag is a frustrating process of trial and error , if you can manage to fold it up at all -LRB- 3 -RRB- mesh bag not very sturdy
 Within 3 hours this cair was already ripped and it was not overused *** It was just from sitting in it **** Would NOT recommed it for the moeny they want **
 It was the worst inflatable device I have ever bought.I returned it because I assumed I recieved a defective one as it lost air the second day . . Kindly I was sent a replacement . . Guess What !!!!!!!! The same thing happened . . I would not reccomend this product
 Wish I had read some of the other reviews prior to purchasing because if I had , I would have been concerned about the quality . Similar to several other people who purchased this product , I 'm disappointed because after approximately 2 hours of use -LRB- translation
 We looked forward to receiving the inflatable chair so we could read in our new swimming pool . We purchased several floaters and two chairs , received them , and then filled them with air . It was only after a few minutes in the pool that we noticed the nylon had ripped . Very disappointing !
 You can only count on getting one or two seasons from this float . We 've had 3-4 and they all leaked . The fabric cover is great as it does n't stick to your skin when hot but it also keeps you from getting to the vinyl to patch the leaks . We have the chaise version too and have n't had the same leaking problem as the chair . The chaise is a little more difficult to get into and I prefer the chair . But I 'm not going to waste my money on another one .
 We bought 2 of these for our pool . They both were great for about 1 1/2 months before both started to leak air along their seams . They lasted just long enough to fall off Amazon 's return policy . Beware the money spent on these is wasted , they did not last 2 months .
 Ordered two of these pool floats . Both were defective and would not hold air . Called the company and they did provide replacements at no cost and both of these were OK . Still , that is only a 50 % rate on quality .
 This product is horrible . I followed the instructions carefully and had freshly painted , clean , dry walls . The product did n't stick for more than 5 minutes . It 's difficult to put on and it does n't work . I am very disappointed since I picked paint colors for my son 's room based on this border and now it does n't work so I need to buy another one which will not match .
 I was just sitting in my bedroom and heard what sounded like someone walking on plastic went to investigate and found my sons border half off the wall and still falling
 I purchased this boarder for my sons room . it went on really well and looks great . The only issue i have is that the boarder wont stay adheard to the wall . It says its easy to remove -LRB- i see that by it removing itself and not sticking to the walls -RRB- but i wish it would just stay where i put it . i now spend every day pushing parts of it back up against the wall . not happy with the sticky backing of this product at all .
 Really disapointed , it looks good but it does n`t stick I followed the instructions and the thing does n`t stay in the wall : -LRB-
 This `` self-stick '' wall border does n't stay stuck to the wall 's in our son 's room . Not sure what the issue is but it keeps coming off .
 its cute but it doesnt stick and the quality of the paper is poor . I spent time putting it up and it just kept falling down . it was very frusterating ; i finally had to go and buy some wallpaper paste . havent used it yet , we shall see if it works ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS BORDER !!!! Not unless you want to be constantly putting it BACK up and then finally breaking down and taping the stupid stuff to the wall . I wish I had bought the prepasted stuff and just done it the hard way ... would have been less work in the long run !
 This product did n't stick on the wall for more than 5 minutes . We had a freshly painted , clean wall and it just fell right off . Complete waste of money .
 I was so excited to receive this product and surprise my son by re-decorating his room for Christmas . It took me quite some to put up the border around my son 's room - I followed the directions exactly . Everyone loved it and it looked awesome ... it really finished the cars theme well in his room . Then about 5 hours later I walked by his room and the border was falling down . I climbed back up on the later and reaffixed it to the wall and really focused on pressing it down well . A few hours later it fell down again . Then I got thumbtacks in the corners to hopefully keep it from falling but the middle of the border sagged and is now only being held up by the thumbtacks . It absolutely doesnt stay affixed to the wall . Really good looking product but the quality is TERRIBLE !! Unfortunately this was a complete waste of money =-LRB- I didnt even want to give it one star but i had to . I 'm completely unsatisfied
 The border itself is very cute and went really well with the blue and red paint we did on the walls . However , it does not stay stuck to the wall . We have a thin doubled sided tape on it right now and it 's holding it for the most part but still have to smooth it down daily . We should have maybe tried border paste . Not sure if the two I got were just bad but I know from other reviews that other people also had problems with it not sticking to the wall . So loved the look of it but was overall disappointed with the product .
 I purchased this item for my son to put up in my grandsons room . He put it up three days ago and it is starting to come down already . Is there a remedy ? I should have read the reviews first because I probably would have gotten it elsewhere .
 After applying the 4 sets of borders that were needed for my son 's room , I needed to immediatly go back to where I started and start reapplying the edges that were starting to fall down already . I had to `` chase '' it around the room to keep it up , then finally ended up grabbing tape to reinforce it . Three hours later it had almost completely fallen down . After another round of fixing and falling down -LRB- with some tearing involved -RRB- the whole thing went into the trash . Walls were clean and smooth and I followed directions , so bottom line - looks cute in the package , does n't stick to walls .
 I painted my grandson 's room because he will be living with me while his parents are deployed in Afghanistan . I bought this border to complete the room and it will not stick to the wall . Why do they state that a border is self-sticking and easy to use if it does not work ? I am so very upset . This was expensive and my grandson will be arriving in a few days to find the room incomplete . Is it possible to add an adhesive to make the border work ? Has anyone had success with this ?
 We were so excited to put this border up in our sons new Lightning McQueen room . We had done a border before in his nursery , and it was no big deal . This product , however , was a disaster ! It would not stick !! The walls were freshly painted and clean . We even let it hang for a day to straighten out . We even tried using border paste -LRB- even though it is supposed to be self-adhesive border -RRB- ... still nothing!We were able to take the product back to where we bought it and the lady there even said she could n't get it to work for her.Bottom line
 loved the way it looked , but it did n't stay on the wall but about 5 mins . Oh well , what 's next .
 If you produce wallpaper border please make sure it sticks to a wall . I had to remove my old wallpaper border in this room with a putty scraper ... I made a playroom for my 4 year old son . I sanded down the walls , new paint , the walls were like new . I put this self stick border around all of the walls and at once noticed it was n't holding in some areas . I smoothed it back over and even helped the border along with pieces of scotch tape every few feet to keep it from lifting . I put the border up on a Wednesday night ... I came downstairs on Friday morning and an entire 9ft . run of the border was sagging off the wall all the way to the floor . 36 hours ! For the three rolls I bought that works out to about a dollar an hour and now it all sits in a garbage can . This product is easily in the top 5 all times wastes of my money . I understad the benefits of self stick and easy take down border ... but not to where it takes itself down .
 This is a completely adorable , waste of time . It sticks for about 5 minutes then peels itself off the wall . I tried applying wallpaper paste to see if that would fix it with no luck . I finally resorted to using TAPE . Very frustrating .
 Bought this product and it did n't stick at all except to one wall in my son 's room . Bought some more thinking that maybe the wall was n't completely dry . Waited a week and tried it again , same result . Called Blue Mountain -LRB- the company that makes it -RRB- and was told there was nothing they could do and to call Amazon ! I 'm like , `` It 's your product ?!! '' DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 I bought this plane at a Safeway for $ 7 and I would say it has been very disappointing . First of all when we started to put it together I noticed that the made in China Styrofoam vertical tail-fin was already bent . Then when you would try to wind up the propeller sometimes the mechanism that would keep the propeller and rod together would get undone and the prop . would n't wind up the rubber band ... basically very poorly engineered propeller and rod.So bottom line is do n't buy a skyryder ...
 This is not worth the $ !!! VERY boring and it is the same song over and over again !!!
 The only place I could hold my children captive long enough to listen to these very `` un-catchy '' tunes was in the car . That proved to be a mistake , because these `` songs '' are somewhat hypnotic and practically put me to sleep ! This purchase was a waste of money for my family . -LRB- And my son learned to add just fine without them . -RRB-
 I have used diamond baseballs before . I really liked the ones I used . ? They had a nice feel and raised seem for a great breaking ball . I do n't know model numbers and just saw the Diamond name and a good price on the balls . The quality is very poor . Not at all like I used before . This ball I took to baseball practise to see if I was just being snobish . I did not say a word just put a few balls near the pitching mound and watched as pitcher after pitcher came to the mound and with out fail , picked up the new shiny Diamond balls and threw aside for a more used Wilson ball.This proved I was not imagining things and others had the same opinion .
 These are not real baseballs.While they look and feel real you will know the first time that you hear the bat hit one of these balls that you have been duped into buying a knockoff . The core of the ball is not official rather it is a softer material that robs the ball of its true flight.I am extremely disappointed by the misleading copy on this page that claims that these balls are official specs .
 Toy has a large crack on the body between the legs , legs break off within minutes of basic use and benwolf now has to stand on his tail.Great idea , poorly made . I was warned by previous review of the crack but within minutes of opening it legs were off did n't get a chance to see if it was cracked in pkg ... suspect it was . Dont pump his back too hard or DNA slime sticks to the front of the chest cavity
 It took over 4 hours to put together with most of the pieces needing to be glued just to stay together . The figures that came with it wo n't stay together and the pieces are constantly getting lost . Not bad if you just plan on putting it together and setting on a self . However , as a toy it is completely worthless ...
 This is the biggest waste of money . The thing does not stay together and the directions do not match up with the building . When trying to put it together with my 9 year old , who has no problem with Lego sets , it kept falling apart . You get one piece on and the other falls off . Believe me do n't waste your money . We now have a $ 50 toy sitting in a box . Had my son not thrown the box away we would 've taken it right back to Toys R Us .
 I am a grandmother who buys whatever by grandson wants -LRB- with in reason -RRB- and wish I had skipped this one Spent better part of a Saturday trying to put together and still not done Tried to add new sections and the previous would come together Use to love Lego type systems with my son but wish this were still in store
 My favorite part of building this thing was when the parts actaully popped off the base becuase they didnt fit where they should . I made it all the way to the 2nd floor , then when trying to connect the 2nd floor to the 1st floor EVERY PART ended up falling apart . Luckily I found it at a buyout place for $ 10 -LRB- and I plan on returning it -RRB- , I cant imagine spending $ 30-40 bucks on this!If you dont have kids -LRB- mine was for a 4 year old -RRB- and have plenty of glue/tape/frosting / termite spit then I supose you could eventually make a good looking batcave to keep on a top shelf away from small children , house pets and sudden bursts of air .
 I eagerly bought this for my dd who has built huge lego sets without any assistance from me and is adept at building such on her own . This poorly constructed ill concieved toy is not only difficult to build it is impossible without crazy glue and the manufacturer has issued amended directions and replacement pieces free of charge . The smaller sets are fine and go together well this one is quite honestly impossible and should be completely rethought .
 This toy took `` Santa '' hours to put together and it was falling apart within a 24hr . period . We ended up throwing it away .
 This toy is totally lacking in the quality department . I give the reviewer credit that actually got it together ! I have tried on several nights , and the look of disappointment on my son 's face each night just breaks my heart . The pieces do n't stay together and nothing lines up , as if each piece is warped in its own way . Do n't waste your money or time and do n't get your kids hopes up with this one !
 This toy would be a good example of what the Batcave might look like if it were located precisely on the epicenter of the Loma Prieta earthquake . Perhaps Batman should n't have gone through Two-Face Realty Corp. to purchase the Batcave , now declared `` uninhabitable '' by Commissioner Gordon himself ! I mean , did n't the name `` Two-Face Realty '' tip him off at all ? Maybe he could rebuild , but only if he were to enlist the help of his arch enemies because it would take five heroes and villains to hold it together while pieces were applied . Then , Mr. Freeze could zap into cold storage to keep it all together . Nothing holds like Ice . But for now , Batman will look upon the shattered pieces of his life as so many lego type blocks that never will come together . It 's quite sad , really , and quite diabolical : -LRB-
 This toy is the biggest piece of junk . My son loves Lego 's and can put the most difficult sets together on his own . Not this toy . It took about 2 hours to assemble and none of the pieces stay together no matter how hard you try . The directions are n't easy to read and the pieces came in a bunch of little bags and are not sorted in any order that follow the directions . Once it is together you ca n't touch it or even breathe on it or it falls to pieces . My son is a huge Batman fan and this was a top item on his Christmas list . I would return it , but he wo n't part with it . I am terribly dissapointed with this toy not to mention the fact that I hate to see my son so upset everytime he tries to play with it and it falls apart . Do yourself a favor and do n't even buy it .
 Stay away ! Do n't even think about buying this thing . It is the biggest joke ! I do n't think that anyone bothered to try to put this thing together before they marketed it . It does not go togehter like legos -- the simplest pieces will just pop apart ! I had to use crazy glue to try to keep the pieces together . Even with the glue the pieces starting coming apart .
 We had previously purchased one of the Harry Potter Lego kits -LRB- Dumbledore 's Castle -RRB- , and this seemed quite similar , so I purchased it for my son 's birthday . The directions are quite confusing , and it took 4 hours to correctly assemble . Pieces are not at all secure , and come apart at the lightest touch . Because the batcave is multi-story , the floors need to be attached - the problem is that nothing stays level , nor does it stay together . Basically , it has become a `` look but do n't touch item '' - what a waste . A huge disappointment - -LRB- ... -RRB- to boot ! Save yourself the aggravation and avoid at all costs - very poorly manufactured .
 As an avid toy buyer with two kids , I saw a lego-like Bat set as a sure fire Christmas gift winner . . now 2 months later the batcave is in several pieces as we have finally decided the only way our 7 year can ever play with it is if we super-glue all the pieces together . This toy started with a great concept but horrible , horrible execution ... the instructions are bad , the toy falls apart even as you try to build it , and even with both my wife and I working in tandem , it 's never been completely together at any one time ... saddest of all , my 7 year old has yet to play with it . I would encourage others to write Art Assylum and ask for their money back . They could have made a great toy , and instead all they made was an expensive rip-off !
 My 5 year old received this as a gift but it took his Uncle around 10 hours total to assemble it . It has around 26 stages of instructions and around 400 odd pieces but the main thing is it is so fragile . After assembling the base and trying to put the next level on top the whole thing collapsed . This happened 4 or 5 times . There is no way anyone under 12 could figure out how to assemble this . It looks nice when it is all finished but one touch and it falls apart . We are tempted to glue the pieces into place so it stays up permanently .
 I am a Lego expert , but I found it really hard to build , If it was hard for me , it was really impossible for my children . The only nice thing yo&uacute; 'll get are the nice miniature characters which are not worth the price .
 I ordered this toy for my nephew who was turning 6 . It was a disaster ! My brother -LRB- who built his house from the ground up and has an engineering degree -RRB- was totally frustrated tyring to put this thing together . The spent hours trying to fit all the pieces together using glue and quite a bit of perserverence . I think they made it to the 3rd floor and gave up . My younger nephew -LRB- the birthday boy 's brother -RRB- uttered his first curse word during the building of the Batcave from HELL ! I do n't recommend it .
 This was the worst toy ANY of my kids received EVER ! I have never felt complelled to write a reveiw ... even when the toy might have had some problems . How this got out of its manufacture 's R&D ; dept is beyond me.My son has other batman items from this line , and did n't have this problem . The problem seems to be with only with this model . The first sign of problems ahead is when the directions have an adendum added on a white piece of paper inserted in the directions booklet vs manufacture reprinting entire booklet.The directions themselves are confusing . The blocks all come in about 12 different bags . None of the bags block pieces are oranized in steps , so you have to have most of the bags open at once ... resulting in many little parts all over.Once you get the right pieces organized to build , the blocks DO NOT stay together -LRB- does n't matter how hard you push them together -RRB- and the batcave crumbles . Some of my pieces may have been a bit warped but this still should n't have happened to this extent ... I spent over an hour trying to constuct this and never actually got it to stay together . Never actually completed the task . Ended up tossing all the peices in the box and taking it back to the store . If you end up getting this and want to keep it , buy some super glue and advil before you build it and hope you have extra time to rebuild it for your child when it crumbles before their eyes . Quite disappointing .
 I love building bricks . I love Batman . I HATE THIS SET . This was the most disappointing `` kit '' I 've ever had the misfortune to purchase . I complained directly to the manufacturer about their ill-fitting bricks , but naturally never heard back . Most of the bricks fit together loosely causing them to pop off at the most inopportune times . The flat base pieces are made of poor plastic and too thin , so unless you are on a very flat very hard surface -LRB- and sometimes even then -RRB- , the bricks pop off . The floor on the `` upper level '' was completely warped because the bricks were so poorly shaped and fit together so badly.Thank goodness LEGO got the Batman license and built a decent kit . It is too bad about the this set , the building plan was nice and the design was nice . But it was n't worth the frustration nor the price . Not even having the mini-figs was worth it.And what 's up with the freaking LAVENDER bricks anyway ? I do n't recall that being a Batcave colour . UGH UGH UGH .
 Bought this and several other Minimates for by son 's birthday . As we are huge Lego fans , I thought this would be a great compliment . The `` lego-like '' bricks are ill fitted , either constantly coming undone or never being able to fit together at all . This caused great frustration and unhappiness . We finally had to hide the entire lot from my son too keep him from breaking down everytime he or another family member tried to put the Batcave or any of the vehicles together . Do not buy . I would like a full refund and an apology from Amazon for carrying such an afwul quaility toy , and from the creator of the Minimates . Ugh !
 Thought it was my lucky day when I found a Lincoln hat and beard available at a relatively reasonable price when my son was given the role of Lincoln in a church production . Was a bit concerned , however , upon their arrival , to find that the beard had just three tiny pieces of two-sided tape on it to attach to the face . The tape came off the beard during the process of pealing off the outside paper to reveal the sticky portion and then would not stick back on the beard backing . I ended up having to sew on a piece of elastic in order to get the beard to stay on . The hat stayed on nicely , but I was thankful no one had to see it up close as the felt material was very wrinkled from being folded up in its packaging . Faced with a similar situation in the future I would n't order this type of costume again unless it was about half the cost ! It 's really not worth $ 20.00
 I was quite disappointed in the phone aspect of this toy -LRB- the hippo game is fine for a 3-year-old -RRB- . The entire number pad presses as a single unit and makes a random tone with each press -LRB- you can not press different numbers individually -RRB- . Also , when you close the flip phone , it does n't hang up like a real phone would , rather it keeps dialing/talking until it finishes its conversation . And the buttons on the outside of the phone are merely decorative -LRB- other than the phone to game switch -RRB- . Also it is a bit large for a child 's hand . On to the positive
 I was a little disapointed in the toy cell phones - it was a lot bulkier than expected and the actual numbers do n't press - it is just one big button . I bought two for my twin girls and they played with them for a little while but got bored with them quickly because it did n't have individual numbers and was really big - they would rather play will mine instead .
 I bought this phone for my grandaughter and when I received it . The batteries were dead.I had to replace the batteries before I gave it to her . The game is ok and just not worth the money.She does n't play it much . You can purchase other toy phones that are much better and less expensive .
 Received the items on time and they are wool and stretch just fine . I am very dissapointed in the colors in the bags I ordered . I ordered 2 bags to have enough loops to make 6 potholders . Both bags have very dull boring colors . Only 4 colors in each bag , green , purple , beige and gold . The picture showed many colors which was what I was hoping for . I would have like to known there were only 4 colors in each bag . I got 36 beige , 32 purple , 15 green and 23 gold .
 After the reviews I read about moustache adhesive not working well , mine came without moustache or adhesive ! The wig was fine , if just for the mass of white fuzzy hair effect . Ultimately had to return it and got a refund .
 Alas , it 's just another piece of plastic taking up space around the house until Little Tikes decides to either
 We purchased this swing to attach to my 2 yr old 's wooden play set -LRB- to replace the `` banana seat '' type of swing that older children use -RRB- . My son LOVES to swing , so the 5-stars for fun are related to that . It 's fully assembled out of the box , but does contain VERY limited instructions . We simply attached the s-hooks that are at the end of the ropes to the set . The ropes are very short , so we had to place some chain in between the ropes and hangers . The ropes are uneven , leaving it leaning a little to one side . The swing does angle slightly backwards -LRB- which the company spokesperson has assured me is correct -RRB- . My disappointment with this item started the first time my child used it . He was able to slip his arms out of the shoulder straps and lean forward , tipping the swing upside down !! I have contacted the company about this safety issue . They claim to not have had any other complaints of this problem and are replacing our swing free of charge . I have since seen reviews from others with the same complaint . Even with the straps tight across his shoulders , the t-bar does not fit close enough to his body , leaving a gap for him to continue to slip his hands/arms out -LRB- and the potential for another flip -RRB- . -LRB- If the straps were any tighter , they 'd leave indentations in his shoulders and crunch the t-bar against his lower abdominal region -RRB- . Due to the uneven ropes , he ca n't swing very high without being very crooked.Hopefully we just got a bad swing . If the new ones turns out to be any better , I 'll update the review .
 I bought this swing , and within days the cheap plastic snap broke while my child was in the swing and she almost fell out . So , I thought I just got unlucky and bought the one swing with a defect , so I took it back and swapped it for another one . The next swing had the ropes attached to it backwards , so the back hangs lower than the front , and since the rope is built into the swing , there is no way to shorten or lengthen the ropes . I do n't have the reciept or I would return it all together . Also , I noticed that the version of this swing prior to the one that is being sold now has been recalled for the problem with the snaps breaking . I think it is a matter of time before we will see a recall for this swing too . BTW -- my child LOVES swinging , so of course the toy is ` fun , ' but it is n't safe .
 I purchased this swing for my 9 month old son . He loves to swing . However the swing straps on this swing seemed to annoy him . Due to the design of the straps he was able to free himself , and just hang over the safety bar . The design also seemed to push him down and caused him to slouch and lean in unconfortable ways , so he never wanted to stay in this swing very long . The rope was also very short , as the instructions indicate swing should be no more than 18 '' off the groud , and ours was easily 3 ' . Rope was also hard to adjust to swing straight , so he was always swinging a bit crooked . We returned it after only 3 days and purchased a roadster child swing at the Home Depot -LRB- also found on amazon -RRB- it looks like a little car , and baby just loves it , and I can tell he is comfortable and safe !
 Please read through reviews on the 2nd and 3rd pages - lots of people have complained about the slouch -LRB- too bad I noticed these reviews AFTER we purchased the swing : - -LRB- We bought this swing , set it up , threw out the box , and then realized a couple of days later that the slanted back with the straps forces kids ' bodies downwards and they have no way of pushing themselves back up . How irritating , right ? ... especially since the box is gone ! Our son does n't complain about anything `` hurting , '' but then again , he does n't seem to want to stay in it for very long -LRB- and he looooves swinging -RRB- . It does seem to fit my 16 mo. old -LRB- about 30 lbs . -RRB- well . In fact , it is just his size . I know parents have had problems with some of these toddler swings being the size of infant swings - just something to watch for as you read reviews . A couple of other things about this swing that are annoying
 I just purchased this swing for my 9 month old set of twins and am not very pleased with the shoulder straps . It has the five point restraint safety feature but the shoulder straps keep sliding no matter how much I shorten the straps .
 The swing seems durable & secure but I am returning it because it is too difficult to unclip the straps . If I ever had to do it quickly in an emergency I would n't be able to . Poor design !
 My son is 1 year old & we have had this swing for about 3 mths . He constantly slides down & looks very uncomfortable . It shape forces him to recline back & he wants to sit up straight to see what 's going on . He gets real annoyed after being in there for a few minutes , even w / other kids in the back yard entertaining him . My friends child has the ` Highback Toddler Swing ' by Little Tikes & he had so much fun !!! He was comfortable & was actually able to sit up . He was even swinging himself !! I have already bought a ` Highback Toddler Swing ' -LRB- which is cheaper -RRB- & I guess I will have to trash this one ...
 We purchased this swing 4 years ago . The strap design makes it extremely difficult to get children in and out quickly . After four years the straps are completely gone . My two boys -LRB- 5 and 3 -RRB- enjoy it now with the middle harnass tucked under ; however , I am now shopping for a new swing to use with my 1-year-old . This swing is great for the older children , but I would not recommend it for small children who need to be strapped in simply because of how difficult the straps are to undo .
 We 've had this swing for three years and it finally broke . I 've been anticipating the break from day one . One of the locks on the bar finally snapped off . They 're the hardest things to get open once your child is in the swing . Both of my kids loved it though . My major complaint is the straps that attach to the swingset . They were too long and no matter how many times we adjusted them , the swing always went crooked . Looking for a DIFFERENT swing now for my almost two year old son .
 I purchased this swing for my son when he was about 10 months old . The straps are tough to adjust and can be very hard to unhook . I would not recommend it for Grandparents . My sons grandmother could not unhook the straps and had to SQUEEZE him out of the swing . Needless to say , I would not buy it again .
 I installed this swing on Little Tikes Clubhouse -LRB- tm -RRB- Swingset . Everything was installed correctly and is perfectly balanced . Had it for two days , was pushing my 3 year old daughter in it . The instructions state not to swing any higher than the mounting points -LRB- which is almost 90 degrees -RRB- , but who would ever do that anyway . I pushed her and she was swinging about 45 degrees front and back . All of sudden she flipped upside and was hanging there . Thank goodness for the straps otherwise she would have fallen to the ground . Going to return it .
 My eight-year old son , who is really into knights right now , received this for his birthday today . I am very disappointed in the quality of this toy . We were so excited about what we thought we were getting . My son wanted this particular set of knights because of their size , the quantity of knights , and because we thought the knights would be able to stand up so he could place them in battle . I have no complaints about the size of the knights . The size is what we thought it would be . But we thought we were getting 34 knights - it turns out that approximately 14 of the pieces are shields and lances , etc. . We also thought the knights would stand up since the photo shows the knights standing up with their feet supported by a platform . However , almost half of the knights DO NOT STAND UP . In addition , at least one came broken , and although we were given eight riders , we were only given four horses -LRB- we bought two pack of this toy , so if you buy one pack you will receive 4 riders and two horses -RRB- . The extra riders are useless without the horses because they can not stand up.The idea for the toy is good . Quality and description of toys needs improvement .
 I bought this and had it sent to my sister in NY as a birthday gift for her little boy -LRB- toddler -RRB- . She said he did n't play with it much , and she honestly wa n't very impressed with it . I even had to ask her which vehicle she received , since the picture shows a bunch of them , but states that they are sold individually . I had no idea which one they even got -LRB- which I thought was kind of a bummer -RRB- ! Also , their dog unfortunately got a hold of it quickly and bit one of the wheels off , so they could n't play with it at all . I suppose one gets what one pays for .
 Bought two of these , one for my daughter and one for my niece for Christmas . I already gave my niece hers and was ashamed of my gift to her . I would have thought it was like a dance machine and when the flower lights up on screen you are supposed to put your foot on that flower . Oh no . All you do is hit the flower and one of the ballerina dances . That 's it . the graphics are horrible so you ca n't even tell which flower you are supposed to hit . They 're not even the same color ! The graphics are horrible . And did I tell you that graphics were horrible ? I 'm embarrassed this present came from me and now I have to realize what to do with the one I was supposed to give my daughter .
 The Barbie Plug and Play 12 Dancing Princesses thing is a joke . My daughter only wanted that for Christmas for three months . After the one on Christmas morning did not function at all , the second one was so terrible that she gave up after two days . The graphics are straight from 1981 and the `` dancing princesses '' even make roboty bendy noises as they move . Very strange and disappointing .
 This was very dissapointing !! my daughter was so excited to get it and could barely use it . the mat is supposed to be color coordinated with the screen however the colors seem to be all the same shade . The mat looks like it comes from the dollar store , or they ran out of color at the factory . My daughter asked her sister why mommy got this ugly one ... not like the box or commercial !!
 I have to agree with the other on here . I got this for my 5yr for christmas and She seemed to enjoy it the first day using it but now It sits in her room plugged into the tv and she hasnt really gotten much use out of it . I was thinking it was going to be more of a mat where you learn to dance from the mat , not oh watch the charaters on the tv and follow thier lead . I tried and did n't think it was all that fun either . I threw the box away and I 'm sure I need that to return it . If I could I would get her something else in return that she could use .
 I would n't even give this toy one star if I was n't forced to . Mattel should be ashamed of themselves for putting out a product with 1980 's graphics and even worse sound . It sounds like my husband 's 1985 Casio watch . The only thing they did well with this product is market it . I gave this to my daughter from Santa and I am still going to return it .
 Santa gave this to our daughter this year . I am thoroughly disappointed with it . We put the batteries in and started it up . After reading the how to part , the graphics are terrible . I had to prompt her to which flower to step on , not that that was necessary . The princesses started dancing without stepping on the flower , it just made a funny sound . The dancers go fast and fuzzy . You ca n't tell for sure what the foot work is doing for the ballroom steps . I even went on the mat and `` tried . '' My daughter lasted all of about five minutes and was done . I hope Santa will take this back !
 Again , the graphics are horrible , the mat is boring and not colorful . My 3 1/2 yr old had a hard time matching the colors on the tv to the ones on the mat b/c they are so faded . She used it once and it has been sitting in the corner ever since ... complete waste of money !
 does n't do much for the price . basically your daughter watches the ballet dancers on the tv screen & tries to follow along . it 's not even step by step & frankly it 's somewhat difficult to follow . wish i had spent my $ $ on something else . : -LRB-
 My daughter tried the mat once and has n't asked to play with it again . Unfortunately , this is probably just another toy that will take up space . Colored squares on the screen indicate where to step , but the mat does not have the same corresponding colors . This , just one of many downfalls of this product , makes it very confusing for a 4-5 year old to follow . Not recommended at all .
 I bought this for -LSB- ... -RSB- daughter for Christmas this past year . It 's just awful ! The graphics are bad , half the time the mat does n't work right . You have to step just so . And it 's boring ! My daughters have used it once since Christmas . Not at all what I thought it would be . I believe there are two seperate versions of this particular toy , one that comes with an interactive DVD and this one that plugs directly into the TV . If I had to do it over , I 'd definitely go for the DVD one . As it is , I will most likely donate or toss this one .
 My daughter just received this as a Christmas gift . She was so excited . My husband and mother-in-law went to the tv to install it . 15 minutes later my five year old is in tears . I wish this had been reviewed before we purchased . The graphics are terrible . This will be going back to the store . Glad I still have the receipt .
 This is my first experience with a paint by number kit so I have nothing to compare it to , but I do have two concerns . There are many number errors on both the painting surface and the cardboard box as well -LRB- ie
 I thought this would be a great teether for my little one , and it was until about 3 weeks after purchase when I noticed little black specks inside the `` rattler '' part . You see , there are two tiny holes on the back there and as i washed and sterlized it I was suspicious about water getting in and what it may do ... Well , all my efforts to clean and dry properly did n't work because one day I looked and saw black specks which I realized was mold growing !!! Wish I could return because I 'm certainly not giving it to my baby . Nice idea except that water can get in and IT WILL GROW MOLD !!! YUCK !! BUY SOMETHING ELSE ! MY little one loves the avent teethers and they wo n't grow mold and you can sterilize no problem .
 To find this teether I did a search for teether USA , because I wanted to find one made here . The teether said Combi USA so you would think it was actually made here . No , it was made in China . Very misleading .
 I ordered this and then promptly returned it . No where on the packaging does it state that this item is BPA free . I know Amazon is saying it is , and after searching the internet , it is listed other places as being BPA free ... but the packaging does not say it . So ... do n't trust that it really is BPA free ... especially since it was made in China with the case has words in Chinese on it , not English .
 This Combi teether -LRB- 8 month -RRB- is a sturdy well-made toy in nice , modern , colors , and is BPA-free too . It 's surprisingly lightweight , allows you to thread a pacifier-holder ribbon through so it does n't drop on the floor and comes in a clear , hard-plastic ` bubble ' for keeping it clean . . and that 's where the positives end . The teether is advertised as being made especially great for back teeth/emerging molars , but the four ` tabs ' that stick out are far too short to reach ! My then-9-month old tried in vain to jam it in his mouth to alleviate his teething pain , but it just did n't reach . In addition , only 2 of the 4 pieces that jut out are even usable ! I have absolutely no idea why the design team put the 2 ` support pillars ' right under 2 of the tabs instead of strategically placed in between them , but that automatically cancels out their effectiveness as they barely have room to be nibbled on with front teeth ! DESIGN FAIL ! Even now at 14 months , he 'll occasionally give the teether another shot but I can almost see the disgust in his eyes when he quickly realizes it 's a sham . The rattle too is a joke . The few miniscule beads in the underside are barely loud enough to make noise , let alone entertain/distract a child ; something I look for in toys because one toy that does at least two jobs is a godsend to parents who need to ` buy a little time ' and keep a baby entertained just a bit longer . . A re-design would definitely help this teether accomplish what it set out to do -- calm molars in an effective way while looking good at the same time !
 The little teething nub on this is so small . My son hardly ever put it in his mouth , he simply enjoyed shaking it like a rattle because it has little beads inside . I thought it was a cool idea , but it was n't a hit like I had hoped ...
 I have no clue how this even qualifies as a teether . Do not buy it there is nothing for my little one to rub his gums on .
 I purchased this teether after my 9-month old decided that the squishy dropper part of the infant Tylenol bottle was his favorite thing to chew on . I searched high and low for something similar he might like since he was n't a fan of the ever-popular Sophie the Giraffe teether . I came across this teether and thought it might be similar and work for him . Unfortunately , he is n't a fan of it . I wish they made a teether that was a tested , safe version of the Tylenol bottle since it seems that a lot of babies like to chew on that -LRB- but I wo n't let him since I 'm paranoid ... -RRB-
 I bought this when my daughter was about 6 months , over a year ago . Through this entire time she was never interested in it . It 's a good idea , but just did n't work for me . She uses it occasionally as a light rattle . That 's all .
 The black ice bat I received has different feet and 5 teeth all bunched in the middle of his mouth instead of the cute lay out of the 4 you see in the picture here . It 's not a huge thing I guess -LRB- tho it does piss me off I was deceived -RRB- , but I still ca n't decide whether to go through with the hassle of returning it or not . It 's still kind of cute , but it is no way in hell worth $ 50 !! This doll is seriously highway robbery ...
 My son picked this out for his birthday and anxiously waited for over a week to get a booster pack . We were understanding that it was more cards and there was not one good card in the pack of nine cards . This is my youngest of three so I have ordered cards for many years and this was the biggest RIP OFF !! Would not recommend this seller .
 So the picture shows the whole box but it 's really just one pack . Why , oh why , do n't I read reviews first ? Even though it says `` pack '' , the description says 9 cards per pack . It does n't make it clear -LRB- to me and apparently others -RRB- that this is really ONLY ONE PACK . Not having a ton of experience with Pokemon , I did n't realize it was unrealistic to expect the whole picture for $ 12 . Oh , well . Lesson learned and I have a disappointed son since technically HE bought it . Very disappointing.It would be VERY helpful -- and less misleading -- if the picture displayed only showed the front of one pack .
 This seller appears to be selling a complete box of cards . I got one small single package with about nine cards in it . The same one that would run about 3 bucks at any store . Oh well my fault too . The add does say it is nine cards ... The picture add appears to be a complete box with several card packs ... . Read all the details . I do think the seller is being sneaky and many people thought they were buying
 no one should buy this for $ 11.00 for one pack because it is a horrible deal and whoever priced it this way was wrong . $ 11 for 9 cards is a total rip off and completely disappointing , not to mention the picture and description are deceiving , especially to young kids first entering the pokemon scene .
 Very misleading and a big ripoff . My grandson was very upset that he did n't get what he expected . It should say 1 pack of 9 cards instead of package shows a box ... . nothing special . I paid $ 14.14 for nothing but junk . Amazon you need to stop this type of selling on your site . It gives you a bad name . I only gave 1 star because I had to in order to leave this review , it really would have received nothing
 RIP-OFF - only one pack of 9 cards - no EX cards in the pack - the photo is very deceiving and sneaky !!
 What happened ?! I ordered this package of cards with the understanding that they would be EX cards . None of them were . They were not even any good cards . Total disappointment and misrepresentation of a product . Very unhappy !!
 I purchased this item as a gift for a very eager young man . We could not wait to get this scope opened , when it arrived it was missing important parts including the owners manual . My nephew was heartbroken . We PDF the manual from the meade website -LRB- 40pages -RRB- and we still could not get the scope to navigate it just points upright . I will never purchase anything from this merchant again . All the merchant can tell me is it was never used and still in the box and it was checked by a professional . That professional should retire .
 After intensely looking through an acquaintance 's Meade ETX-60AT several times , I walked away perplexed . What niche is Meade trying to fill with this scope ? One would expect such a small scope to be optimized for planetary viewing - as viewing of the deep sky -LRB- star clusters , galaxies , nebulae -RRB- is definitely not its strength . However , presumably because of the difficulties inherent in the manufacture of low focal ratio telescopes , the optical quality is too low to give decent views of the moon and planets . What 's its current average price , the scope is much less a value than the more useful ETX-90 . While there is a market for good , high quality optics of this aperture , this scope does n't serve it.Views of the moon were muddy and indistinct compared to even the ETX-90 - which is not the best scope in the world . Views of stars and star clusters -LRB- the aperture is too small to pull in any galaxies , except M31 , or nebulae except M42 -RRB- reminded me of those though my own finder scope , which I had bought for next to nothing at a swap meet.The GOTO system is positively worthless . Almost anything that one would possibly want to look for in this scope would be easily visible to the naked eye , and thus easily pointed at , or too faint to be interesting to the beginner.If the only scope you 've ever looked through is a Tasco refractor -LRB- a `` department store '' telescope -RRB- the ETX-60AT will be a revelation . However , once you 've looked through even the most modest Dobsonian telescope , the views through this scope will seem weak and disappointing.Instead , if you 're looking for a relaxing and fun way to sweep the Milky Way , buy a pair of 10x50 -LRB- or 7x50 -RRB- binoculars for 1/4th the price . With them , you 'll actually be getting 40 percent more light , you 'll be able to use both eyes , and you wo n't have to fumble with a cumbersome GOTO system to find stuff -LRB- there is no finder becasue the lowest power of the scope is about 13 , which allows the scope itself to be clumsily used as one . -RRB- . One interesting feature this scope posseses is the ability to flip a mirror and go from a upside down `` astronomical '' scope , to a spotting scope with an upright image . If you 're looking for a spoting scope for birding , archery , hunting or spying on that cute thing down the beach , you can make do with something simpler -LRB- and much less heavy on the wallet -RRB- such as the Bushnell 78-1545 - which , while not an optical powerhouse itself , will serve those purposes nicely .
 After several hundred dollars , I 've discovered that this telescope is pretty much useless . An avid star gazer , I would have been better off purchasing the cheapest model at the local department store . I was sold on the idea of the `` auto finder '' but after reading the instructions and following them . The auto tracker still does not prove worthy . What a piece of junk . The nice thing about it is you can see the moon - oh ... and it looks like a really cool telescope ... ugh !
 This games is so bad I 'll never try to play a game by Pressman or B1 games again . Obviously no human testing went into this game . Spending 1/2 hour or more trying to figure out one challenge is not fun at all . I 've never had a worse experience playing a game .
 As others have stated the DVD mini-games are nearly impossible to play due to wonky controls . I also have no idea what the cards or pieces are for , other then they may come into play if you `` win '' the main game.They should have just done a choose your own adventure type game . It would have been less high-tech , but you could at least have a laugh when you choose `` set up a perimeter '' and the terrorists once again escape.DO NOT BUY .
 Wow , I have never seen anything like this . It 's worse than bad ; it is virtually unplayable from a technical perspective . At the very least , Amazon should refuse to carry it .
 This game was put together with a nice concept , be a CTU agent and help Jack Bauer stop the terrorist attack . Also , I liked the fact that there is a mole and that someone right next to you could destroy the whole game . However , the interactive games and such used to get more clues are not made well . Though you try to do what it tells you to do , it does n't seem to work . Since these interactive parts are so simple , yet not made in a way that one can control what is going on , you waste your time trying to do them and you never get to the end . I had three college students and two adults try it adn no one could seem to get it to work correctly . So , if some bugs were worked out , this game could be a much bigger success .
 This game is very very hard . The concept sounds cool but i would not recomend to purchas this item . After about the 2nd turn everyone just says this is impossible . Then everyone starts working together , not using the board , not doind the right turn , and looking through all the clue cards . It is not a fun game in my opinion
 My wife and I just wasted the last hour or so on this game before we got too frustrated and gave up . We got stuck on both of the camera puzzles in day 1 . It seems that it does n't matter what you do on the remote , it will just keep failing you over and over . Since our DVD player can be a little flaky from time to time , I tried it in two other players - but that did n't make any difference . The board has nothing to do with the game , except for the `` extended play '' part . But I 'm sure very few people make it that far ! I 'm going to see if I can get in touch with the manufacturer . They should do a recall .
 The game is divided into three 24-hour days , and a friend and I played most of the first day last night before running out of time and having Jack Bauer chastize us for unacceptably allowing millions of people to die because of our ineptitude . From what I have seen so far , this is n't so much a board game as an extremely linear graphic adventure game -LRB- without the ability to pick up and manipulate objects to solve puzzles -RRB- played on a television instead of a computer . -LRB- The board is pretty much superfluous for most of the game . -RRB- As a graphic adventure game , this is better than some and worse than many of those available for the PC in the 1990s , after which time the graphic adventure market pretty much dried up and I stopped playing.From what I 've seen so far , the puzzles are fairly easy . Some are time-limited which makes them a bit more challenging than they would be otherwise , but in general it does n't take much to figure out what to do . Some do involve following the schematic downloaded to your `` PDA '' -LRB- meaning tracing a route that 's shown to you -RRB- but others require other sorts of action , some in the classic adventure game tradition , such as avoiding security cameras as you attempt to get to a door.The reason we were n't able to complete day 1 on the first try was n't that the puzzles were illogical or particularly difficult . It was because we spent so much time trying to get the remote control to make the game do what we wanted it to do . -LRB- We tried two different remotes with the same results . -RRB- We experienced a fair amount of latency between pushing a button on the remote and having that action have an effect on the game . Even after the fifth or sixth puzzle , we were still having trouble with the controls and it would take us several tries to solve each one even when we knew exactly what to do . It 's unfortunate that game play problems overshadow could be an enjoyable -LRB- for 24 fans like us -RRB- if not challenging game . I 've tested a number of games for software companies and had to wonder whether the publisher had any user testing done before they released this game . If they had , it 's hard to believe that their testers would n't have commented on these problems.That said , and despite the low number of stars I 've given in my rating , I 'm eager to give it another shot tonight to see how the story unfolds . I do n't know whether it 's because I miss adventure gaming so much or because I miss 24 so much . Fortunately , a new season is starting soon .
 This game is a complete waste of time . Four college educated adults were unable to complete this game . It is extremely poorly designed and flawed in too many ways to list here . The instructions are not clear for each of the mini tasks along the way , and are impossible to complete due to a delay with the remote . It becomes a game of will and luck , rather than skill . They should pull this from the shelves and refund all money spent . If the company that made this game had tested it - even ONE TIME - they would have seen that this game is completely ridiculous and crappy . The actual board part of the board game was completely useless , because you have to complete a day to get the code for extended play . We were unable to get a code . Sad , really . Please do not buy this game ! If I could rate it a zero , I would .
 I bought this for my husband 's birthday last year , never questioning why it was on clearance . We were very excited to play , since we are big 24 fans . There 's no need for me to go into the problems ; they 've been covered by all the other reviewers . After we tried unsuccessfully to complete the assignments , and got yelled at by Jack too many times , my husband decided to read the reviews here.We laughed until our sides hurt at the ridiculously accurate descriptions of the worst game in the world . It 's like the saying goes , `` When life gives you lemons , make lemonade . '' We had more fun reading the reviews than playing the game.We passed the game on as a prank to my parents ' friends.Me
 We were really excited to try this game . It was disappointing to say the least . The board has nothing to do with the game ... at least for the main portion of the game . You really do n't have control over the flow of story and the mini games range from easy to impossible , but are consistently boring . Honestly , not worth the time it takes to play , let alone to spend money on .
 today i was sick and wanted to play the new game that just came in the mail . Me and my mom both were very looking forward to playing this on our day off . we started playing this and everyplace in the game we went it said `` dead end '' . We finally got to the right place and we couldnt even get through the place because it was so confusing on how to . I think that this game is so horrible that even Kiefer Southerland would call this game a 1 star game .
 This game is quite terrible . The format of the DVD causes any sort of reaction based game on the disc to be impossible . My girlfriend was ready to throw the remote into the HDTV after playing it for 30 seconds . It 's not even worth a dollar . I suggest you watch the show instead -- you 'll have a lot more fun !
 This was a joke !!!! Nothing in this game makes any sense and the instructions are not clear at all ... I am disappointed in this game and the mere fact that the manufactoring company reduced the consumers intellegence by making such a lame game ! The show 24 rocks , to bad the game does n't match it .
 I bought this thinking it would be a fun game to try out , as me and my wife are huge fans of 24 . After 20 minutes I was frustrated and my wife had given up on it entirely . The game consists of very little reasoning , and mostly following patterns the game flashes on screen that you must , in a variety of frustratingly difficult and poorly-explained ways , input back to the game to move on . If you 're not sure what the game wants you to do , there really is n't much you can do besides enter things randomly until you hit upon something by accident . Its incredibly frustrating . The voice acting is quite good though -LRB- Keifer Sutherland is here -RRB- , and the live-action sequences were better than I expected from a DVD boardgame . However , overall this game was a disappointment and it may be some time before I store up a reserve of patience to attempt it again .
 I too purchased this game thinking it would be excellent , as I am a huge fan of the hit tv show and I had read on the internet that Kiefer Sutherland himself had provided his voice for the game ... I could n't have been more wrong . After about 3 minutes of gameplay me and my girlfriend were stuck in seemingly impossible tasks , having to use the DVDremote as a ` wanna-be ' gaming-console controller ... this does n't work at all -LRB- not surprisingly -RRB- . I am surprised and disseapointed that so much money and effort has been put into such a terrible game . I predict that word will spread and that this will not sell as much as predicted .
 I got this game for Chistmas from my wife and we all looked forward to sitting down and giving it a try today.Needless to say , since you have probably read at least a few of the other reviews on this game , the experience ended up being frustrating . Sadly , the frustration game from the interface rather than a difficult mystery to solve.We started with Day 1 and found what others have commented on . The response time is often slow and you find yourself hunting for the `` sweet spot '' to click your remote while taking into account the delay.What really killed us was after about 3 or 4 locations , we had to go back to the CTU to decode some USB drive we had found . We believe we figured out the code right off the bat , but for the life of us could not figure out how to enter the code we wanted to . It was an absolute exercise in frustation.Speaking as Joe user out here in the world , I have to say that this is just about the most poorly designed , documented or explained interfaces I have ever seen.Speaking as someone who tested and designed interfaces for the software industry for quite a few years , I have to say that this is just about the most poorly designed , documented or explained interfaces I have ever seen.There really is no excuse for this . Having any playtesting with this game should have revealed these glaring problems.Save yourself the trouble and move on to something else . This game is not only not worth it , but not even a passion for 24 would make this thing worth the trouble .
 Do not waste your money . I agree with everyone else . The idea of the game is great , but completing some of the missions on the DVD are pretty much impossible . Figuring out the codes are ok , but trying to sneak past a security camera or security laser beams are totally random . The reaction of the green dot -LRB- the agent -RRB- does not correspond with you hitting the arrow button on the dvd remote . We hit it a lot of different times and the dot moved when it wanted to and it was always into the sight of the camera or security laser beam . No skill , no strategy . Jack Bauer yells at you and makes you feel like an idiot when you ca n't get it . There 's no way , I believe that this game was tested out on anyone . How can they make a game that ca n't be won , except by random luck . I feel they used the `` 24 '' name and put together a shotty DVD game . And the board is useless . The game was frustrating to say the least . I plan on returning it .
 Clearly no quality control or testing was performed on this game . We were looking forward to playing this with the family -LRB- all big `` 24 '' fans -RRB- , but between horrible instructions and an unusable interface , we were ready to just give the game to terrorists ! Fortunately , we bought it at a local store which allows returns.Do NOT buy this piece of junk .
 Yes , we did complete the entire game which probably shows our stupidity or boredom . Painfully played this game with six 24 fans . As you read in every review the challenges using the remote are arbitrary at best . You basically have to guess at when you are going to decide to move your player . Some of the other challenges are quite good.Why do they have a board with this game ? It is only used if you get past the three days and then you get to play the challenges again . Someone who completes several of the challenges gets to enter CTU for the most anti-climatic ending imaginable.If you are a 24 fan , do not buy the game.If you enjoy DVD games , do not buy the game.If you enjoy being frustrated because a game has stupid quirks that no one ever tested , this is for you .
 Do not buy this game . I bought it for my parents for Christmas , and it honestly ruined our Christmas Eve . The main obstacles in the game are controlled by the DVD remote , which is the worst possible tool to use for these games . They are basically impossible because they are designed so poorly . The phrase board game in the title should be put in paranthesis , since the board serves no actual function and is a complete waste . This game is horribly horrible in all facets , and I hope Pressman loses a monumental amount of money by producing this sham of a game since it is a complete rip-off . They have sullied the good name of 24 by putting this shiite out .
 Controls are very slow , some times just have to press buttons randomly and wait for it to respond ; not too much thinking involved either . Still , it 's 24 ! -LRB- that 's why I gave it two stars -RRB- . Definitely will not play again once I beat it .
 Sure wish my mother-in-law had read these reviews before giving this to me for Christmas . Tried to play it once with my parents , who are also big 24 fans , a few nights later and were sorely disappointed . This game was obviously just shoved out the door to feed off the popularity of 24 the show and not to garner any popularity in its own right.The mini-games were an exercise in extreme frustration . The problem is that the DVD is not ideal for those mini-games . Whenever you try to move there are only two subsequent animations
 Literally an absurd engineering folly . To use DVD video segment switching to `` implement '' video game tasks like real-time navigation ... was a bad concept from the start . The engineers had a severe case of PlayStation-envy . The game simply doe NOT work on either a video DVD player or on a high powered computer with a DVD drive . Obviously they did NO consumer testing AT ALL.It 's a shame . It could have been great . It 's guaranteed to flop .
 DO NOT BUY !! With such a concept , we suspected the game would be fun . Oh how wrong we were . At first we thought we just did n't have quick enough fingers to make it past some of the security cameras and to win the minigames . Nope , the game itself just likes to take it 's time reacting . We spent the whole `` 24 hours '' just trying to make it through a couple of the sections , I have no idea how you 'd finish the game in the time given . The `` board '' is n't even really used and the clues do n't help at all , most of the information was given at other points in the game.We played with a friend who has never watched 24 . Needless to say , she does n't ever have a desire to watch the show after this.Jack 's on his own to stop these terrorists because as much as we tried to help , we 're useless to him -LRB- and he certianly let 's you know it when time runs out -RRB- . This game has a mind of it 's own , it 's like it wants you to fail .
 This product ... game board tokens , cards , were overall of extremely cheap & poor quality , I was disgusted with how flimsy & sub-standard everything was .
 I love the Transformers ... and Optimus Prime has always been my favorite Autobot.So when I found the revoltech figures I was really excited . But after receiving him in the mail ... I must say that I am really disappointed.For the current price listing -LRB- 49.75 USD -RRB- , I have to say this figure is n't worth it just because of its size . Yes it is very articulated and heavily detailed as the description states . But the figure stands much shorter than even the McFarlane Halo 3 Master Chief figures.If you need them ... get Megatron or Starscream first . They are much cheaper and you can see the size for yourself . From that you 'll see Prime is not worth the extra cost.I love Prime ... but I would have been better off getting a full statue or one of the original toys.Transformers
 the technology for the super pose-able joints is awesome , but the for $ 50 -LRB- usd -RRB- it 's just not worth it ... Optimus Prime rocks , but this is too flimsy feeling and SMALL for the cost . I think the '80s G.I. Joes are almost bigger than this guy .
 I searched for the Multi-Position Tee . The correct picture is displayed ; but the shipped tee is the 3-position . NOT WHAT I WANTED .
 I would n't buy this tee if you have an older child or a heavy swinger . My daughter -LRB- 14 yrs -RRB- used this for about two weeks for softball practice . The top of the tee that holds the ball cracked and eventually fell off . We have been using the remaining part of the tube to support the ball after I trimmed it with a knife and supported it with some heavy duty duct tape . I 'll have to purchase a new one soon . The return on this item is such that it will cost me to return it and I do n't want a replacement . Overall the tee appeared to be a good design , the base is well weighted , but the rubber just is n't durable . If you have a small child just starting out this might be ok , but I think I 'd try another product .
 This Oscar the Grouch by Gund is only 9 '' tall , not 12 inches as indicated in the product description . Very disappointed , we had ordered it to use with some other puppets and it is the wrong scale so back it goes .
 I love Oscar the Grouch -- He is a nice looking one , but he does n't talk , but it 's ok . My grandson loves him !
 This product was just what I was looking for
 My granddaughter who watches the count on a DVD carried The Count around for days after I gave it to her .
 When I received this toy I was firstly disappointed at how small and cheaply made it looked . It reminded me of the consolation prizes you win a the fair . I than noticed that her orange hair had rubbed off on my shirt , thinking it was just a few loose fibers I shook it to rid it of anymore , unfortunately that lead to a cloud of orange fuzz everywhere . I do n't recommend this toy .
 I did n't get what I ordered ... be aware ! The picture is the 14inch Burt with the straight line mouth ... it 's a toy my daughter lost and I wanted to replace so I oredered it . Instead , I got an 16 inch Bert Doll with an open mouth with tongue that looks totally different from the picture they show and what I wanted to order . It 's not the money ... the toy is pretty cheap ... it 's the principle ... false advertizing !!!
 Description says GUND but CookieMonster only has a label which says Sesame Street -LRB- not Gund -RRB- ... . Brand shoppers be wary ! Also , bulk packed ... . I am pleased to see that the eyeballs are plastic , white , and wrapped nicely in paper ... . My 11th month old has less discerning tastes , thankfully .
 It is costing us $ 5.00 to return Ernie , Grover and Elmo because the quality is below par.It would be better to charge $ 10 more and provide a reasonable quality product.This is just pathetic and would not recommend.Sesame and Gund can do better !
 The Cookie Monster stuffed muppet was poorly shaped , sewn and made , very small and unrealistic compared to the real Cookie Monster toys . I cant imagine what the stuffing was made of .
 I bought this present for my Sesame Street fan for her 2nd birthday . It was love at first sight . She ca n't say Zoe so she calls her `` Baby '' . She refuses to go to bed without her and insists on bringing her to the babysitter most days . However , after just a few weeks , Zoe started to get a little sad looking . The fabric on her legs started to get little `` pills '' on them and threads were starting to stick out of her shirt . Finally in November , after just 2 1/2 months , her little bottom busted open and her insides came spilling out leaving little beads everywhere . I went ahead and got her a new one because she loves it so much but if this one falls apart , I do n't know . If you have a Sesame street fan , I 'd buy the Abby Cadabby doll instead . My girls are twins and have treated their Abby and Zoe dolls equally . Abby still looks great . The fabric used for her body is much better . Plus , Abby is alot easier to say !
 I bought three of these , Cookie Monster , Elmo and Big Bird ... but I 'm only unsatisfied with this one because the seam opened up in the back and it was n't played with ... it was just for the bed ...
 I was thrilled to find a white Transformer as this is all my nephew wanted . This is not a TOY ! It is a collectors item and all instructions are in chinese . Very sorry I made this purchase . ITEM WAS FOUND WITH A SEARCH FOR `` WHITE TRANSFORMER TOY '' I MADE AT THE AMAZON TOY PAGE .
 My son loves anything to do with drums , but he really is n't into this toy . I think he 'd like it better if it came with two drumsticks instead of only one . Also , I find it interesting that the drum is cut to make three different tones , but the choice of tones is off-putting .
 When you look at the design , you will see the center is more `` cut out '' than the rest . While this is necessary to allow for different sounds , this center piece of wood needs to be thicker . My 2 yr old Grandson broke that piece after playing with it for about an hour or so . -LCB- It was broken by being hit with the drumstick -RCB- The toy had to be thrown out . there was no repairing it as the break was sharp and dangerous.While it does help the child create many different sound & again , all that is needed is to make that one piece of wood thicker . It is a good toy for musical education otherwise . But the `` Otherwise '' is a biggie ! I 'll be writing to the manufacturer about this as well .
 Although my youngest son wanted this action figure really bad ; The price never approaches the value for what received.The figure is extremely small ; and probably cost , at most , $ -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars elsewhere in actual stores other than Amazon.The base price was $ -LSB- ... -RSB- approximately . $ -LSB- ... -RSB- something with shipping via Amazon.I thought that the figure would be much larger or more robust than it actually was.This will be the last time that I purchase an item such as this via Internet or Amazon .
 The cups provided with this set are not durable . Several of the cups were broken and cracked after only a week of use . My son loves to participate in speed stacking at his school and brings home a different brand of cups to practice . These have never broken . Save your money , and purchase a more durable brand .
 it sucks it breaks easy and does n't work good dont waste your money like i did
 this is only fun if your 5-8 . i had wasted my money on this thing
 I was surprised at the quality of this product after reading the reviews . I was expecting this to be more durable than it actually was . It is already coming apart . I guess the important part is that my daughter seemed to initially like it . I knew I 'd been had when I saw the box it came in . They are worth half of whatever the going price is . For the money spent , I 'd spring for the few $ $ extra and go with a higher end or more trusted name brand for doll accessories .
 I got this for my 18-month old granddaughter , to go with the Corolle 12 '' doll we gave her for Christmas . She loved the doll , but was frustrated with the bed because the cover does not come all the way open -LRB- imagine a huge slipper -RRB- , so the doll has to be slid into the bed under the cover , and that was too hard for her to accomplish . I hope she will use the bed as she gets older and more adept at sliding the doll under the top cover , but for now I do n't think she 'll play with it . She did have a great time with the Corolle stroller that we also got for her first doll .
 The idea behind this is great - and the sand really does mold pretty well . There are three colors - blue , green and yellow . There is more green than blue and yellow -LRB- not sure why -RRB- . I helped guide the kids to use it over the opened plastic case - but a ton of it still managed to get on them , on the chairs and on the floor . It dusted off of them ok and did n't leave any coloring on the chairs , but if you are one who sees sand all over the place and cringes , well , maybe look for something else . I think I am going to `` hide '' this toy so it is out of sight , out of mind , unless they can play it outside -LRB- but then they can play with real sand -RRB- . Unfortunately , I gave this as presents for two birthday parties before having first hand experience with it , and I wonder if my kids will be invited back next year . : - -RRB-
 I had heard that these were pretty good tables but was totally disappointed by the quality of this table . The supports on the table top are pretty thin pressed board as are the legs . Mine arrived with hairline cracks on the sides and the supports under the top . The table is turned on by a switch installed in the power cable which hangs below the table and is a pain to get at to turn it on . The display is powered by two AA batteries with a cover plate that has to be unscrewed with a screw driver to replace the batteries . This display is turned on separately and is easy to forget when turning off . Batteries wo n't last long if not turned off . The blower is weak but does give the minimum amount of performance . Assembly was quick and easy because there are n't many parts .
 I brought this table as a Christmas gift for my grandkids for 2012 and recieved it the day before and when when we found out it was damaged I and my grandkids were totally disappointed . I am totally disappointed by the quality of this table . The supports on the table underneath are thin pressedboard as are the legs . My table arrived damaged with hairline cracks and some of the pressedboard actually broken in two and three places , not very well made for the price . No I will not recommend this table to anyone .
 The sound is n't very good , and it came apart after a few weeks . But it 's just a toy so I guess it was worth it
 I have a plastic recorder that I bought -LRB- around $ 20 -RRB- that sounds way better than this one . This one just looks like the manufacturing might be a little sloppy -LRB- like they did n't get all the wood sanded down and smoothed out on the inside -RRB- and I think it is negatively effecting the sound quality . Glad it was just for my two year old to blow in while I played my other one ...
 I bought this recorder for my daughter as a start to learn to play , for Christmas . I figured since it was a ` Melissa and Doug ' product it would be fairly decent -LRB- I like their products overall -RRB- . When my daughter opened it she was very excited , it does look nice , and started playing it . It sounded horrible , so I figured I would try -LRB- I played recorder for years in elementary school -RRB- . The high notes work , sort of but are very out of tune . The lower notes however do not work at all , unless you blow so very softly you can hardly hear it at all . If you blow anything harder than that it just squeaks . Needless to say , I was very disappointed . I think I will just get her a cheap plastic one , it will doubtlessly work better .
 It does n't change notes when you cover different holes . I am no expert , but is n't the sound supposed to change when you add fingers to the holes ? Also , the sound the instrument makes is annoying -- it just seems more shrill than it is supposed to .
 i bought this for my 3 year old son because he likes to make sounds and blow on things -LRB- kazoo , harmonica , saxoflute -RRB- . i read some of the poor reviews so i tried it out first -- the pitch was off and did n't change as well as you might think from covering various holes , which was puzzling . i gave it to my son anyway , as i figured he would n't really care about that stuff . well , in just a few days there was a noticeable crack in the top part of it , and eventually it just fell off . definitely not durable . i 've since glued it back on with wood glue . we 'll see ! also , i wish melissa and doug would use less plastic in their packaging .
 Bought it because of its reputation and the 2 positive reviews , but very very dissappointed of it , no pitch at all , sounds very unclear , hollow and quiet annoying , total disaster . Perhaps it 's just mine ? ... I do n't know .
 Purchased this as a stocking stuffer for our daughter . This recorder will not even change key , tone , or anything when you cover the holes . I 'm not a professional musician , but this recorder is not like those I used when I was in grade school . You could actually play those.This is just basically a wooden tube with holes that you blow in . It is not an instrument with which to make music . It unfortunate because we have been happy with every other M & D toy purchase we have made , and there have been a bunch . Thanks for reading .
 I should have given more to the critical reviews here.THAT RECORDER IS AWFUL - and a complete waste of money.The notes are wrong , you are not able to play with others , cause Melissa & Dougs ; Recorder is playing the wrong notes / crooked tones.Since the color is so boring -LRB- if it would be a decent recorder I would have liked the wooden material -RRB- , I cant even convince my little one to take it , while I play with the plastic recorder she got . The sounds of that 4 Dollar plastic recorder are way better though .
 My 5 year old daughter received this recorder for Christmas . She 's been wanting one for a while and decided that 's what she was asking Santa for . Unfortunately , my 2 year old just threw the recorder down on our CARPETED family room floor and the top part of the recorder cracked and popped off . The plastic recorders usually disassemble into 3 pieces . This one , however , does not . It is one solid unit . Now , my 5 year old is downstairs crying and wanting another recorder . She 'll have to have this exact one , or it wo n't be the same . I will buy another one , because it 's like the first one . That 's the only reason . The quality of this product is substandard to our many other Melissa and Doug toys . Do n't expect too much from this one .
 If you plan on using this as kindling for a fire , or to wedge open the door while you move boxes in/out , or some other unintended use , then it works great . BUT if you are buying this to introduce your child to music , I recommend spending a couple dollars more and getting a real recorder . This one SOUNDED TERRIBLE . Half of the notes/holes did not work properly , and most of the notes that did work were off -LRB- sharp or flat -RRB- . Big waste of money and time .
 The recorder 's head area developed a huge crack after one day of my four year old son 's hard playing . Never dropped , banged on something or anything like that . The product seems to be made of very poor quality wood .
 The Kazoo did not make a single noise . My son did not like it and tossed it aside after the disappointment of blowing on it and no noise coming out .
 We 've generally had a lot of luck with Melissa & Doug products - they 're usually well made , fairly priced and things our son enjoys playing with . This kazoo is an exception . It 's almost impossible to get much sound out of this at all , let alone a sound that resembles a traditional kazoo . My wife and I have tried any number of techniques , including some offered in other Amazon reviews , and nothing gets much more than a muffled buzzing out of it . Our son is teething and the metal kazoo we have that he has a blast playing with has paint on it that we 're concerned about him nibbling off . We also have a plastic one that sounds decent as well but were hoping that teething on wood would be less of an issue than plastic . Disappointed to find out that this one did n't fit the bill .
 Will never buy this product not good for kids . My daughter was unable to use it.Too difficult even for me .
 Kazoos should be easy to play . Effortless and fun . NOT with this one . It takes some serious skill to make it even remotely sound like a real kazoo . Dont buy this unless you enjoy being disapointed .
 Does n't work like a typical kazoo , vibrates if you hum in a certain way , but otherwise does not work as one would expect . Do n't waste your money on this thing . Zero stars if it would let me , but it 's making me pick one star .
 I bought this kazoo for my grandson , nearly four . I thought it looked great in the packaging , but as soon as I put it in my mouth , I thought , `` Uh Oh . '' It is n't comfortable , the wood still has fairly sharp sides and as for the sound ... . well , I am no kazoo expert , but I am not impressed . I am going to try again with another style . This one is n't for me and it did n't work well for my grandson either . Avoid .
 I know Melissa and Doug toys are typically made of wood , but this does not seem to be a logical choice for a kazoo . I bought a Melissa and Doug Harmonica for my son that is fantastic -LRB- and not made of wood -RRB- . It does not make sense to me to have a toy made of porous wood that is intended to be placed in a child 's mouth from a cleanliness point of view . In my opinion the sound out of this kazoo is not very good as well .
 I was excited to purchase a wood kazoo , thinking it would better for my 1 1/2 because it was n't plastic . But it just does n't sound good .
 The kazoo is high quality but my 4 year old daughter can not play it and either can I. My husband is the only one that can get it to make any noise . I had expected it to be much easier to play since it is rated for 3 and up .
 Normally love anything and everything by M&D , but this toy is CRAP . Read
 It 's really hard to blow and make noise -LRB- which is the point -RRB- . I bought this because my daughter loves them and it barely works . It easier for an adult to figure out , but overall it 's no good . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 First , this is not a toy . It 's a model that requires an adult to assemble . The instructions for putting it together are surprisingly good , although there is very little text . If you 're good at following `` visual instructions '' , you 'll be in good shape . Assembly will take between 6-12 hours total.Once assembled , very few people I 've chatted with can get the train to complete the circuit , myself included . Typically it makes it about 3/4 of the way through the track . There are some people that have got it working -LRB- do a search for `` Scorpion coaster '' on YouTube -RRB- , but most seem to not be able to.Specific problems :1 -RRB- The trains are flimsy and fall apart . If the wheels come loose or fall off , it 's very difficult to get the train put back together and back on the track once the track is fully assembled .2 -RRB- The rail connectors are too short and the rails are too flimsy . The rail joints , especially when there is a lot of track curvature , tend to separate , creating a bump that slows the train down .3 -RRB- The track is too rigid , and when combined with the amount of twisting and turning required , it pulls the supports apart and adds additional pressure to the rail joints .4 -RRB- Despite measuring -LRB- and re-measuring -RRB- the tracks to mark their support intersection locations , the track shape is not perfect . This is mainly because the supports can twist and the instructions are n't specific about the angle or direction of the supports in every case . My vertical loop looks more rectangular than oval no matter how much I 've toyed with it.In the end , this model looks nice but is n't functional.Finally , since this is made in China , beware of small children putting anything in their mouthes -LRB- yellow support rails have an odor I 've never smelled before , and it 's not a good one -RRB- .
 . You need 2 people to fly this brick . One to run as fast as they can into the wind and through it up and one to hold the controler and try to fly . If you are not flying with a 2200 Mhmp ,11.1 LyPo for get it . She will pull hard left at lift off . If you make it up , get way up because she is a fast flyer , No low speed passes . Everone I know how has one , has crashed it ! If you bought the E-flight P-38 -LRB- $ 199.99 -RRB- you know what you are getting a great looking plane that needs to sit on the ground . When it does crash look for a total rebuild everything is flimzy . Buy super cube and have fun !!
 I bought this model to expand upon my Superhero collection , which typically are vinyl high detail products . This model however was plastic , with uneven match points , and very poor detail . This model would be good for beginners , but for folks who try to take pride in the detail of thier work , this model is not for you . There is no amount of work you could do to make the model look any better than it does on the box , which appears to be the original sculpture it was molded after .
 I wish I could give zero stars . I bought this for my son so he could get used to having his blood pressure taken . His younger brother -LRB- 2 1/2 -RRB- chewed off the rubber part on the syringe and the ear piece of the stethoscope . It is supposed to be for two and up . The beeper sounds like a smoke detector so is worthless unless you want to think your house is on fire all the time . The stethoscope wo n't stay together and the bulb came off of the blood pressure cuff ! I have tried contacting the company at least three times -LRB- no email -RRB- and no one ever answers the phone . I guess they know they have problems . Save your money and buy something else !
 I have fond memories of playing doctor with my old 70 's / 80 's doctor kit toy . So . . I get the idea to get this toy doctor kit made by Parents Magazine for my toddler so he can enjoy the same fun . It looks nice on the outside . The packaging gives the ILLUSION of a well-made toy that has nice organized and accessible compartments for all the instruments . WRONG . Inside the toys are packaged in flimsy throw-away plastic that once opened and cleaned up ... all the items just pile all cluttered up on top of each other in a tiny corner of a big box -LRB- `` carrying case '' -RRB- without hinges . . The crapola does n't end there . It wo n't even snap shut properly with the junk clasps . so the bottom and all items inside tend to fall off and out ! I 'd die of fear if I saw a doctor coming at me trying to fish tools out of a bumble-muck of clutter with a bottom falling off from the top and everything all falling out onto the floor ! I feel sorry for my kid trying to play with the toys of today . Most ALL are expensive JUNK . . and reading the other real review about this one . . It looks like we have further adventures in junk joy with this pile of plastic poo poo . This is yet another classic butchered by people that do n't know how to make good toys . Not Recommended . It would be worlds better if it was like a fishing tackle box with a hinged-on top and a fold out -LRB- or stackable -RRB- tray -LRB- s -RRB- with storage for each instrument -LRB- even foam would be something -RRB- ... and a good clasp to keep it shut ... that 's not too much to ask for & That 's how children should be taught . Jeez , Even TOY Healthcare just ai n't what it used to be ! = -RRB- Ha Ha
 I have fond memories of playing doctor with my old 70 's / 80 's doctor kit toy . So . . I get the idea to get this toy doctor kit made by Parents Magazine for my toddler so he can enjoy the same fun . It looks nice on the outside . The packaging gives the ILLUSION of a well-made toy that has nice organized and accessible compartments for all the instruments . WRONG . Inside the toys are packaged in flimsy throw-away plastic that once opened and cleaned up ... all the items just pile all cluttered up on top of each other in a tiny corner of a big box -LRB- `` carrying case '' -RRB- without hinges . . The crapola does n't end there . It wo n't even snap shut properly with the junk clasps . so the bottom and all items tend to fall off ! . I 'd die of fear if I saw a doctor coming at me fishing tools out of a bumble-muck of clutter with a bottom falling off from the top and everything falling out onto the floor ! I feel sorry for my kid and the toys of today . Most ALL are expensive JUNK . . and reading the other reviews about this one . . It looks like we have further adventures in junk joy with this pile of plastic poo poo . This is yet another classic butchered by people that do n't know how to make good toys . When will they learn that if they make a quality toy . . they will sell like hotcakes for decades ! It 's so sad . . but I do n't see any of today 's toy medical kits making it into the toy hall of fame . When they COULD . . so EASILY . Yes , there is a National Toy Hall Of Fame ... and you ca n't go wrong with any of the toys in it ... but this toy in it 's current form ? . . No way . Not Recommended . It would be worlds better if it was like a fishing tackle box with hinged top and a fold out -LRB- or stackable -RRB- tray -LRB- s -RRB- with storage for each instrument ... and a good clasp to keep it shut ... that 's not too much to ask for . That 's how children should be taught .
 I ordered this and was really disappointed in the construciton of the outfit , the overall size , and the fact it does not work like a real karate uniform -LRB- the belts are not long enough to tie correctly -RRB- !
 I have bought several of the other WOW vehicles for my 2 year old son . This just is n't as impressive to him as the others . The little yellow walls on the back of the trailer constantly fall off , the magnetic hitching mechanism does n't stay together , and the animals do n't stay in the back of the trailer either . This is all very frustrating to a 2 year old . The only thing he enjoys about it is saying `` Bumpety Bump Bernie '' , which sounds very cute coming from a toddler ! Hopefully it is a toy he will grow into as he gets older . I would recommend the fire engine or garbage truck first over this toy .
 Let me first say that I have bought WOW toys in the past and I have always been happy with the quality . While the quality of this toy is good , it does not come with all the pieces / men as advertised . The fire engine I received had one guy and one emergency barrier . This item is described as having two guys and two emergency barriers . The pictures all show these pieces as well , but my set only contains one of each . My boys LOVE the guys , so I specifically ordered this item because the of the number of guys that were supposed to be included . Very disappointed in Amazon for switching it with another set .
 My son received this Christmas day , it 's already broken ... one week later . He only played with it a couple of times as he 's still overwhelmed with all his new Christmas toys so I 'm flabbergasted at the durability ! The gears do n't wind anymore so the engine barely moves forward . And technically , I think I did all the pushing for him -LRB- so less than 20 pushes -RRB- as he really only played with the opening compartments and the fireman . He 's always supervised with his toys so I know there 's been no abuse , but he 's 21 months old ... right in the correct age range for this toy . Do n't know what to do with it now as it was a gift . Wow offers a 10 year satisfaction ... the joke is ... you have to keep the barcode from the box as well as the receipt & mail it to their office -LRB- in London ? - how much is THAT going to cost !? -RRB- for a replacement .
 This Bus is far too loud for indoor play . It s very durable and fun but way too noisy . We have to only play with it outside .
 Stream Machines are loads of fun on a hot day . In a pool , lake , or river where reloading is easy.But get the24 inch modelor36 inch model . Way better than the 12 '' , which has so little capacity and range.Stream Machine quality has gone down hill since 2002 . They are lighter and more breakable but still , there is nothing better for serious hot-weather water fights .
 Not effective . Not fun . Not well made . Not worth the money paid . Not worth your time , there 's better stuff out there .
 We got this for my twin daughters because they love to push things around and thought the stroller would be great . The only good thing IS the stroller with the doll in it without the travel seat . My daughters love to push the stroller around . The travel seat does n't fit the stroller very well and keeps falling off . The high chair is flimsy -LRB- not the frame but the way the travel seat fits into the frame to make the high chair -RRB- . The bassinet/cradle works is held into place cheaply and is lopsided even with the doll in it . Overall , this is a cheaply made item and not worth the price.We could have just purchased a stroller system for a lot less money .
 I was looking for wooden puzzles like Melissa and Doug puzzles that are nice and stable . These puzzle pieces are flimsy and everytime my son lays a piece , the whole puzzle breaks apart . Wish the pieces were a little bigger or more heavier so the other pieces would n't fall apart .
 My mother bought this for my daughter for her birthday . The eyes stopped moving the next day and so did the mouth . We went to ToysRUs to exchange it . The second one broke the next day in the same exact way . My daughter who is 6 years old was totally devastated . She cried and cried . She was heartbroken . This doll has some kind of defect and should be recalled . I hope all of you reading this will NOT buy this doll for your sweet little girl . It broke my heart to see my daughter so sad .
 I shopped for hours between stores and did thorough research on this product . I bought two . One would n't even blow up it was so broken and the other one only half of it held the air for a very short time . It is too expensive to ship them back . I will never purchase this type of item online again . I went to the corner drugstore and found much better stronger ones on sale for $ 5.00 . These things cost $ 20.00 So I bit the dust and I am calling it a big lesson learned.Lee Ann
 I bought two of these a few weeks ago . Neither of them will hold air , and they have been that way since day one . Both are now in the trash can .
 Do n't know yet ! Dissapointed when I opened the package and found I 'd received what I thought was the `` Ben 10 voice changer '' , only to find out it was replaced by another toy . ` Toywiz ` had sold out and sent me something else in it 's place.I have since placed another order through ` Amazon ' . The same item hopefully will arrive by the 24th . -LRB- as it is the 20th today -RRB- So I will rate the toy once I receive it.Sincerely , Kathryn Moreno
 My primary purpose for buying this was for the road markings . I foolishly thought it was going to come with some type of road markings I could put down on the road I had already built . Instead the ` kit ' only came with two types of paint - sidewalk and road , a ruler/scraper and a ` scribe ' to remove the topcoat of paint revealing the bare surface below . Had I known that was all the ` stripping ' was going to include I would have been able to do that with stuff I already own .
 First off , you need to have a helium tank for this thing to be of any use.Once you have it filled with helium , it 's exactly as useful as you would expect an oversized balloon that is slightly weighted to keep it from floating completely away to be ... fun for a little kid for maybe an hour , and then a big bulky thing that gets in the way and does n't fit conveniently on any sort of shelf thereafter .
 Do not buy this oversized balloon . It does n't last . My son got this toy for his birthday and played with it for about two days . It has been sitting in his room and it is all deflated . Somehow it got a hole in it from sitting . I tried to pump it back up and the same thing happened . They need to make it more durable for $ 20.00 . It is now in the trash
 Bought because store described it as hover `` disc , '' but received this weird cross between a true spherical ball and a football , a big one . Lost air first time kids played with it , and wo n't hold air . Not worth buying under any circumstances .
 I would not order these kits from Amazon - They are grossly incomplete . Order them from the manufacturer . We ordered for a homeschool program and found pieces missing in several . Of course , Amazon only gives you a finite amount of time to return and the box does not contain a master list of inclusions when you get it , only an experiment by experiment list . You literally have to open EVERYTHING and read through the entire instructions on on ALL three experiments kits ' which contain approximately 5-6 experiments each in order to know if you have everything . Bottom line , do n't order from Amazon .
 This bat hit well for the first year . After that , there was a rattling inside the barrel . Last week the bat broke in half at the handle , just like a wood bat would do . I am disappointed in the quality of the bat .
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 The fans are a little difficult to open and close . Once painted , you ca n't close them . Once good thing is they do not tear easily .
 The trucks do n't break , but the beds come off constantly . They slide right back on , but for smaller children , that means continual interruptions in play .
 Not really all that much fun to work on ... A little too involved , and not really involving the dogs .
 The `` picture '' gives an impression of better quality then the item actually is . For roughly $ 24 dollars , I do n't at all think it was worth it .
 we played it a few times and put it up , it 's kinda pointless and not much fun at all , a very odd game , I was really expecting more from Howie !
 The product had appeal to be ideal for party situations . Unfortunately it did not live up to it . The questions were not as creative nor challenging as expected although it was very easy to use . In addition , the software became confused as to the number of players and the final results tabulated were questionable
 I got this for our family to play Christmas eve as a family activity . Our ages range from 20-75 . It was horrible . The elder set thought Howie was `` silly '' . The younger people were bored in about ten minutes . We are middle aged and thought both were right . Spend your money elsewhere .
 The game is way to confusing , and I could n't stand it . So I created my own campaign setting with similar rules , and it was much better .
 The story of the campaign was borring and far too simple . It was a fight between the forces of evil and the forces of good . At the end the forces of good as in all romance stories won . BORING BORING BORING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 For what you are getting it is not up to Fisher Prices ' quality or for the cost . This item is not as bad of price as compared to most of the other sets they sell.It is not very real looking . Most children 's bedrooms do not look like this . They have a bed , dresser maybe a night stand and lots of toys & maybe a pet .
 I ordered this Loving Family Kid 's Bedroom set as a Christmas present for my Niece . They shipped a different room set and now my Niece has to exchange it . Very disappointed that the item ordered was not the item shipped to my Niece !
 this is terrible to inflate and even worse to deflate ! dont buy if you want a mattress for the grand kids its a genuine pain in the bleep !
 Our nieces wanted these Bratz dolls -LRB- and it was grudgingly OK 'd by their mother -RRB- ... far from my choice of toy but the kid liked it ... whatever .
 I got this for my kids , and we have been waiting and waiting and still do n't see anything . We followed all the instructions to the letter , but nothing has happened . All we see is little particles floating around and it 's been 11 days . Should n't we be seeing something ? I mean I know they are supposed to be small , but I do n't think this worked for us .
 Well , after following the directions perfectly we have absolutely zero life . I was excited to share with my wife and kids what they have never seen before . Unfortunately , they have seen water before and that is all that was on Mars . Total dud .
 We did as the instructions said . Quite a few monkeys hatched , but quickly died off . There were only 3 left after we got to the first feeding day per the packaging and they were gone before we got to the plasma kit . The kids liked setting it up and watching them hatch , but quickly lost interest .
 The Earthball was covered with little green spots . They may have been LGM , but it was tacky .
 You just turn this thing on and watch it go . There is no `` playing '' with it .
 My son received this for Christmas last year when he was 1 and almost a year later , he still has no interest in it . Bought a regular ball pit , way cheaper and that 's the one he loves . This was a waste of money . Would n't recommend it . Cute but boring .
 The box states that it has real vacuum action , but it does n't . It does n't pick up ANYTHING . I bought it for my 5-year-old so that she could vacuum her own rug . She always wants to try with my vac , but it 's too heavy for her . I researched toy vacs that work and found these reviews and was impressed by one marked `` Dustee '' . I do n't know how she gets hers to pick up things , but ours wo n't even pick up a small , light piece of lint . My daughter and I are both EXTREMELY disappointed .
 This toy was purchased for a vacationing little girl who has a different brand of play vacuum at home which she nearly sleeps with . This one was very hard for her to push - even on very low carpet , and caused her a great deal of frustration . She rarely played with it even the first two days of her 2 week visit . I 'd seen a review stating it was cheaply made and thought , `` it 's a toy - of course it 's not going to be sturdy '' but I too was disappointed . It was certainly not worth the money .
 Honestly , I 'll say it ... these are not the funnest blocks in the world . I personally find them frustrating , unforgiving and rather limiting . I do n't find that they help to spur the imagination much . Give me and my kids plain old blocks any day , or a nice construction toy like K'nex to play with . These are an okay block if you do n't mind precision fidgeting and constructions that fall down like dominoes , I suppose , but neither me or my kids enjoy that .
 I was very excited about these based on the reviews , but forget that and realize that they are simply flat pieces of wood all cut to the same dimensions . They are very thin , so even though the children had fun for a day or two stacking them , they do not resemble any actual building materials I have ever seen . This makes it difficult to do anything useful with them , and not particularly educational unless your child is going to build Dr. Seuss houses when they grow up . If shaped like bricks , they 'd be far more enjoyable and practical.Our creative and smart 7-yo and 3-yo have not touched them in months after three days of stacking them and trying hard to balance them on their thin sides . So in that sense they are educational because my children learned what shapes are n't great for building with .
 I bought this castle for my daughters , 4 and 2 , for Christmas and was really disappointed . I feel like I wasted my money . It comes apart every time you open and close it . In addition , the lock that is supposed to keep it shut does n't work . The spiral staircase is a little weird in that it does n't lock in place like it 's supposed to , so it 's always shifting around . My girls liked it at first because it does light up and make noise , but now they 've lost interest -- it 's just not really very nice . Spend the extra money and get one that 's made well .
 This set is cheap for a reason - it is made cheaply . Just got it today and assembled it , only to find pieces constantly fall off , it does n't snap shut for carrying and storage , etc. . I know it 's inexpensive , but do n't bother . I 'm returning it without even giving it to my daughters .
 This puzzle was to be used by a person who has had a hemorrhagic stroke . The puzzle is too small ; the pieces are too small . This puzzle or something similar could be purchased at our local dollar store . However , the subject of the puzzle was nostalgic and with great beauty ; reminiscent of Vermont/Massachusetts .
 I was using this as a demo for my elementary science students and it lasted maybe two days . The UFO ball is great , but very cheap and it sounds like others are experiencing the same problem . I contacted the company for a replacement and they offered a free pack of rubber bands instead ... great customer service !
 Bought over a dozen and only three worked well and two more work inconsistently and all required more pressure then the one I had for years from Safari Toys . I use it in my inservices to demonstrate the power of our connectedness and our bodies as sources of energy that is connected to others . When broken we also disconnect other . I will look for a better quality product cause I love the teaching quality to the idea of it . The company accepts returns
 Way too much money for a very thin piece of colored plastic .
 In concept , this is a very cute toy , although there are way too many parts for a small child to figure out or really play with . I had two major problems with this toy , and it was a deal breaker so I sent it back to the seller.Number one
 It 's costly because it cost quite a bit ; it 's cheap because it 's a piece of junk.My 5 year old daughter received this ambulance for Christmas and now it 's mid January . There is pretty much nothing left of the ambulance.I have never before seen such a poorly made children 's toy , and it did nothing but frustrate my daughter . The wheels will not stay on , the grill on the front bumper falls off -LRB- there is nothing to keep it connected -RRB- - but it does n't matter anyway because within a few more days the whole front bumper broke off -LRB- irreparable -RRB- , the back doors wo n't stay on AT ALL - not even my hubby or I can open or close them without them constantly falling off , the stretcher legs lock inside two tight `` wells '' in the ambulance and pulling it out requires some effort - needless to say the stretcher was broken within the FIRST day -LRB- legs broke off -RRB- , the hood is able to be opened so the engine can be worked on and the hood is now nearly broken as well . Driver and passenger doors are hard to open and make an awful `` snapping '' sound when opened , as though they are going to break off too . The siren and lights lasted a whole three hours , if even that ... and those CONSTANTLY fall off.There 's really nothing I can say about this toy that is good . It even felt cheap out of the box.There are just TOO many intricate little parts on it - even the underside all comes apart - suspension lifts , valves , axles , etc. . . it 's a toy with almost too much thought put into it except for how to keep it together ! It was near impossible to handle this thing without pieces breaking apart or falling out.We also bought the Firetruck and it fell apart equally as badly - I will never buy from this company again ... to top it off , I have tried contacting them THREE times and still have not received a reply from them . Very poor customer service.We did , however , get a full refund from the place of purchase ; for this I am grateful .
 My son LOVES this toy . The only problem is , is that it is garbage.The toy fell apart instantly . EVERYTHING is detachable . . and there areseveral small parts , so I would never recommend this for a household thathas small children , for fear of choking.The thought behind it is awesome . . if it was more durable I would give it ahigher rating .
 I bought this ambulance for my son , since he loves ambulances and we have an EMT in the family . I liked the fact that it had a moveable character and stretcher that can be put into the ambulance -LRB- like real life -RRB- but not a thousand tiny pieces like another company that I saw on amazon . However , it began to fall apart shortly after we got it . The doors on the back of the ambulance broke off -LRB- since they 're made of cheap plastic , although the body of the ambulance is much stronger plastic -RRB- . You 'd think that the one part of the toy that will get a lot of use would be made better ! It 's made to have the top of the ambulance flip open so you do n't have to use the doors , but it was difficult to open - even for me -LRB- so imagine what it 's like for a little kid ! -RRB- . It was rediculous that they included small parts to change the chasis under the ambulance , but I just threw them away . Also , the stickers on the sides and doors also began to peel off , and the small unit which held the light and siren sometimes worked & sometimes did n't . It was a cute concept , but definately not worth the money . Very disapointed !
 The siron never worked . It fell apart on the first day . My son loved it but it just does n't work
 The light and siren did not work on this toy , even though the battery protector was still in place . We will need to buy new batteries to determine if the batteries are dead or the part is defective . The doors fell off and were difficult for a child to put back on without adult help .
 My blade broke on the very first day by trying to cut mdf 1/4rounds , Never buying this product again , Spent a little more and get a heavy duty ones
 Does not cut as advertised . It might look easy on the video but you would have to apply lot pressure to cut the wood . . I would give seller 5 rating . . For the product i would give 1
 should have known at such a great price , this cutter is just not up to par . the blade is not sharp at all . gave it two stars because i was able to remove the guide and use it on a good pair that the guide had broken on .
 I am a model builder , and hoped to purchase this tool to make the occasional quick cut , instead of having to go to the miter saw every time . It is sharp , and cuts through wood pretty easily , but this tool does not make accurate cuts at all . It 's wonky in every direction . If you were working in a larger scale , maybe it would n't be as noticeable , I 'm not sure . But , if you really need a 120 degree angle to actually be a 120 degree angle , this is definitely not the right tool for the job . If you do n't mind inaccurate cuts , I guess this is what you 're looking for .
 Game pieces were to small . could not get the little police man to sit on bike . was very dissappointed . Not at all what the discription made it out to be .
 I was a bit suprized when i opened the package and saw how small the stuffed Animal was . I 'm thinkg 17 '' plush toy is going to be a good size ... Nope its not as big as you would think .
 We 've deemed this Snuffleupagus to be Snuffy 's long lost cousin Snoofy . I bought this Snuffy to be a back up to my daughter 's current Snuffy , in case anything ever happened to her lovie . When he arrived , I was kind of flabbergasted . This Snuffy is short and fat . His tail is n't long enough and the snuffle is shorter and fatter and does n't come out far . The pictures are very deceiving . We ended up going on ebay and buying the correct looking Snuffy . I do n't understand why Gund changed the design , but it was n't for the better .
 When we ordered this we expected the classic , wooden , Thomas at the Airport set . Since their was no picture or detailed description available we were surprised and disappointed to find that this is a plastic-type set . : - -LRB-
 Buyer Beware of this product , the stock photo has obviously been `` photoshopped '' . Although the look of this mask is almost the same , it has a very dull colored appearance . Expect the horns not to look like that , they are sagging and folded.The muzzle is not that bright at all and the teeth have been exaggerated . None the less , it is still fun.Pros-Detail is alrightCons - Flimsy , trickery with photoshop -LRB- shame on them -RRB- Final note - the price of this should be $ 10.00 and no more .
 One of the pictures on amazon submitted by the same person -LRB- I 'm only guessing he works at Kaplan -RRB- showed the wrong box ! I bought this set because `` Billy D '' who submitted all the pictures showed the box with a car , and window on it ! We need the wheels ! My son is going to be disappointed ... Billy D if you work for Kaplan - remove the picture of the box with the wheels and window ! That 's what we wanted and did n't get!Good price for bulk duplo pieces though .
 Looked at this same ad about a week ago , was $ 37 . Now $ 140 . What a rip off !
 I bought this toy via Groupon . The directions does not mention that you have to take the top of in order to take the plastic off of the claw . I was so excited after i put everything together , when i switched to the on button it did n't work . I tried everything and NATHA , extremely disappointed . What a waste of time . After reading all of the reviews , it seems like it 's a hit or miss - more so a miss as far as the machine not working or breaking . Save yourself the trouble , do n't buy this machine !
 My 7 yr old talked about getting a claw machine for months . We were happy when we found this one and filled it and put it under the tree for Christmas . He asked Santa , at every opportunity , for a claw machine . Fast forward to Christmas day and the most anticipated toy . My son used it for a total of 5 minutes and it stopped working . I felt so bad for my son who was so disappointed and crying on Christmas morning . It was sent back and we bought another one . My son was so excited . He and his little brother spent about a half hour playing with the new one and once again ... it broke!What a piece of JUNK !! This should n't be sold if they ca n't make one that works .
 This was bought as a gift and when the package was opened the plastic was cracked . When the new batteries were installed the game did not operate at all .
 My son loved this toy ... for the 3 days it worked . Now the crane wo n't drop ... its the second problem this toy has had and now it is useless.Do not ignore all the warnings on this toy about bad quality ... JUST DO N'T BUY THIS .
 My 10 year old daughter PLEADED for this , saved up her dimes , and paid for it mostly herself . She was so excited when it came , and for the first day it worked fine.The second day the claw quit retracting up , and would just click when you pressed the lever . Returning it .
 This Claw Machine is A piece of KRAP !!! It wo n't grap anything ! Nothing , Nothing At All ! This is a total waste of money ! I HATE it !!!
 Where do I start ? It did n't work out of the box , and a chain piece was lying in the area where the candy goes . I did n't want to return it without giving it a game try to fix it -LRB- kids were disappointed it had to go back -RRB- , so I unscrewed the lid . It appeared that during assembly in the factory , whoever put the lid on clipped one of the wires . Easy enough to fix . Still did n't work . Unscrewed the base . Found a wire disconnected that at one time perhaps was soldered to the on/off switch . Pulled out the soldering gun , voila , the machine now works . But hold on , the claw moves very poorly from left to right , and makes horrible noises . Took apart the claw , only to find the metal bar was bent , causing the poor movemnet and noise . Also , while the claw would raise , it would n't clamp shut when raised . Aha , that 's where that chain that was found goes , it was supposed to be attached to the claw . That was enough for me , I boxed it up and back it went . Game effort , but too many things wrong . How could this get through inspection ?
 My daughter wanted The Sweet Machine she saw in Linens-n-Things , so when I found The Claw at Target for $ 12 less I scooped it up . When I got it home , it appeared to have been used . The coins were loose inside and there was some sticker residue on the top . When I turned it upside down to get the coins out , a small plastic gear and a screw came out . Needless to say it did not work . I returned it to Target and got another one that I made sure was still in all of its original packaging . Well , this one worked for 30 whole minutes before it started malfunctioning ! Everytime you 'd push the up lever , the game would stop . I changed the batteries just in case , but no luck . I called customer service at Target and she said that this was the 4th Claw machine she had personally refunded and I could bring it back for a refund . This is a poorly made product . Do n't waste your money !
 Righ out of the box the up/down lever did not work . It 's like it is not hooked up at all . The other two levers work fine . Kind of sad because it does seem like a fun toy . The rest of the toy seems pretty sturdy . Since I am never home for UPS to make a pick up my 17 year old is trying to repair . Probaby a mistake but at least he is enjoying himself .
 Worked wonderfully for the first few coins . Then the main switch broke inward and nothing worked anymore.Made several attempts to repair it , but to no avail . POOR MANUFACTURING !!!!
 My son saved his own money for &#34; the claw &#34; and was counting the days for this to arrive . When we got it , the amazon box was is great condition . The &#34; claw &#34; box inside , however , was smashed and had a large hole through the middle like the fork of a forklift went through it . The plexiglass was broken into shards on the front and back of the machine . Even on the outside , this product was obviously damaged , yet still shipped it out in this condition . Frustrating . I read other similar reviews and would have thought Amazon would have stepped in to get this problem fixed .
 product stopped working after 5 min . The Claw do n't have much more to say than the product was a complete failure .
 Not durable . Didnt work that good . Cheap made . Overpriced and it was pretty much junk . Would not reccomend buying this toy
 The item I was shipped appears to be a generic and not the actual `` The Claw '' . The toy itself has no branding on it and the box says , `` Candy Grabber '' . It also did not come with any toy tokens . Some of the local retailers sell the real `` The Claw '' game for less than $ 20 . I 'm sending this one back .
 My mother bought this toy for a christmas gift for my son because like many kids he loves the claw games in resturants . Lucky for us she tested it before wrapping it up and it didnt work at all !! What a waste of time and money . Look for something else . I usually would n't even buy something that had enough consistent negative reviews but we really wanted this to work .
 The Claw does not work very well . The gears seem to slip preventing the claw from raising . When it does work it 's very difficult to grab items . I would not recommend this item .
 My daughter was SUPER excited to get this toy . Too bad , it does n't work . I tried 2 brand-new sets of batteries and still nothing . She tried and tried to get it to work . Sat there , putting in coin after coin and nothing . Broke her heart , and mine .
 My 7-yr-old son requested this The Claw as his major gift from Santa . Right out of the box on Christmas morning it did n't work properly . The left/right switch worked only to the left . Trying a new set of fresh batteries did n't make a difference . This was very disappointing , especially on Christmas morning . We 'll try to have it replaced , and see how that goes ...
 This product did n't work when we opened it . We are n't able to do an exchange but I will reorder to give this company another chance . I will upgrade my star rating if I feel the new one is worth the purchase . I am able to return it for a refund so that is good .
 It was totally fun ... for a week ! First , one of the knobs came off . I kept playing using my finger to push the lever inside . Then , it stopped going down every time . I kept playing by pulling it down . Then , it stopped closing . -LRB- It did n't close all the way anyways . -RRB- I could n't play with it anymore . I went to get rid of it but I could n't get the candy out because the opening was too small to get my hand in . I am never buying that again .
 We got this at a raffle and it did n't work out of the box . The chain on the claw did n't work . The up and down controls and left and right controls did n't work . We tried to fix it without success but it is made very cheaply and is junk . Do not buy this item . It is not worth a penny .
 I bought this toy for my son for Christmas because he really wanted it . He was so excited to get it . When he took it from the box there was a broken piece that was visible in the section where you put the candy , but we thought we 'd try it anyway . It only worked for about 5 seconds . I complained and the company sent us another one . The second one was worse than the first . It had broken handles and missing parts and looked as though someone else had already returned it . I thought I might be able to take parts from both the make at least one of them work , but to no avail . We gave up and got a refund -- now the toys are living at the dump . My four year old said `` this is a piece of junk ! ''
 My daughter was so excited to get this for Christmas . She was really disappointed that it did n't work at all . We put batteries in , turned it on and nothing . We tried for an hour to get it to work and it would n't .
 I purchased on Amazon and it was used buy my 3 kids over the age of 10 for about 30 minutes before the chain became separated from the claw . Impossible to fix with out unscrewing many screws and taking it completely apart . So it was packed back up and sent back to Amazon . NOT WELL MADE at all . Do n't waste your time like we did . Just a junk toy .
 After the first Claw arrived broken , we ordered a second Claw just in time for our 7 y/o 's birthday . It arrived in a tampered looking box . And BROKEN . I 'm sure another angered customer returned this machine just to have them repackage it and mail it out again . This company does not care who it disappoints . Apparently they hope no one will go to the trouble of returning their machines and so they can make a profit . We are outraged .
 The concept was great and the kids loved it but one of the controls broke within the first half hour of use so unfortunately it went into the trash .
 I was excited to buy a crane game for my son for his birthday since he is really into them these days -- even if it 's just a small game . I knew he 'd love it ! I just received this in the mail today . It does n't even work . The crane wo n't go up or down . The gears must be off . I 'm so disappointed ! I 'm sending it back tomorrow . Do n't waste your time or money on this thing .
 I bought the Claw machine 1st before I bought my original sweet machine . The claw machine is made of cheap plastic . Claw actually works only half of the time . Stay away from this unit and spend a few bucks extra and buy the original sweet machine . You will be glad you did.The Sweet Candy Machine - THE Sweet Machine Candy Crane Claw Vending Machine
 the claw never worked after following all instructions i think there is a big flaw in the product it ells you if the claw dont work do open the claw by hand it just dont work .
 This product was no good ! It worked for a half hour and then died . I would suggest not to buy this product . It was fun while it lasted until it stopped working .
 My son cried for two hours after the motor stopped working on this toy . That would be an hour longer than it actually worked . Do not buy this thing unless you want to put it on a shelf to look at .
 The kids were so excited to get this for Christmas . Funny , I found the same item in CVS for $ 10 . Should have indicated the actual quality . 2 of the joysticks were brokwn upon arrival . It 's WAY to loud and looks like it will last about a week . It 's going back ! Stay away .
 My son wanted this toy for Christmas , but he was very disappointed when it broke on Christmas morning . He only got to play with it for about a half hour . The gears are very cheaply made and most of the outside is plastic , not very durable for kids . DON `` T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!
 My son Gabe asked me to post this : I got this for my birthday a few years ago . It worked for a week then stopped going forward . And the music is so annoying you 'll hear it in your sleep . I do n't think you should spend the money .
 This was a very disappointing game . I bought it for my nephew in January for his birthday in March . Gave it to him and the left/right knob did n't work . He was so upset and so was I !!! I do n't know if I can get a replacement or refund but will certainly try .
 This would be a cute novelty item that is never actually used , just used as a show piece , it is cheap piece of material that wo n't work like you half way think it will . buy it if you just want to give the kids something to tear up quickly .
 DO NOT BUY !!! I read the reviews on this product and decided to get it for a xmas gift for a 9 year old . They played with it for over 2 hours and did n't get ONE piece of candy out of it . We put really light candy in it and filled it up so the claw could reach the candy and it never even worked ! Do Not Waste Your Money !!!!
 We just bought this claw machine atBJ 's wholesale club . Decided to fill it and try it before christmas day ! Bad gift the claw doesnt drop all the way down , plus even when i filled the level of gum higher it still doesnt pick up!Total Junk.Taking it back
 Could not even get toy to turn on . Extremely disappointed ; was looking forward to using . Had to return . Do not waste time/money !!!
 I decided to ignore the reviews on here claiming that this item broke after hardly much use and purchased this as a gift . After roughly 30 minutes of use , the machine would not turn on . We changed the batteries , still no response . What a waste of a great idea for a gift .
 Ordered this as a Christmas present for my son . The joystick that controls the crane going up/down did not work . Sent it back and ordered a replacement . The joystick that controls the crane moving right/left does not work on the replacement . Sending that back too . Also , the actual crane comes covered in a plastic bag that is difficult to remove since there is only a small opening to put toys into the machine . This has resulted in the bacg becoming stuck inside the machine . I gues if the controls worked properly you could remove the bag with the claw . The top does not remove . Piece of crap !
 Probably the reason these items do n't have reviews is because most people who buy from them DONT RECEIVE THEIR ITEMS , myself included . Then when you try to contact them they do n't want to help you , and in the end when you leave them a bad comment , they make-up a ridiculous response next to your comment trying to put the blame on you , UPS , or anyone else but themselves . Sure this product looks good but I 've never received it , and I recommend you too do n't order from someone who has THIRTY PERCENT NEGATIVE FEEDBACK , and all the good reviews seem VERY SUSPICIOUSLY FAKE.They made sure to bill me for the itme on the second day after I ordered it , yet 22 days later I still do n't have it and they write on their storefront that I am hallucinating about it . Goodluck to you all and do n't buy from merchants with low ratings like this one .
 the guitar arrived in a huge box - seemed to be ok - but , before we realized it - we discovered that the guitar was not really very durable - it was dropped and cracked very quickly - many heartbreak tears later - we could n't fix it and it had to be thrown out - it cracked between the shaft and the guitar itself and broke in two pieces - for a little kid who loves music and had just received the drum set that he absolutely adores -LRB- cymbal broke and dad was able to repair this -RRB- it was very sad - i do n't think that i will order another instrument online again and will , instead go to the store itself . sorry - it was very easy to order thru the email and i was very pleased with the response and quickness of delivery but the product was n't very strong for a child .
 My kids have had ball pits since my first -LRB- age 6 -RRB- was a baby . None last more than a year or so , so we are used to replacing them . This one , however , was the worst one we 've ever gotten . The kids would run in , and it would fall over . The openings are so low to the ground , balls were constantly rolling out . It was a ridiculous mess . We kept it only a few days before deciding it definitely is n't for us . After returning it , we found a nice oval shaped blow-up pool at the store and bought that . Perfect ball bit !
 I already had a ton of balls from an old inflatable ball pit when we purchased this . It has too many openings that are n't deep enough to hold the balls in . So the balls spill all over the place and the children are left with nothing but a mess to clean up . If I had n't paid so much in shipping I would have returned it . I have massively duct taped two of the sides allowing only one entrance and one way for the balls to come out . I do plan to buy velcro to closed the front door to allow the kids to have fun playing in the balls . If you would like ball pit without balls and balls everywhere else but where they belong , this is the toy for you .
 We purchased this for our 6 year old daughter thinking it had more educational value . Basically it 's an electronic magna doodle -LRB- and maybe we just did n't read up on it enough before hand -RRB- . Our 4 year old daughter loves it and doodles on it all the time but it goes through batteries like crazy . It takes 6 AA which only last 2 to 4 days depending on amount of use . We finally purchased rechargeable ones so we could afford to keep the toy running ! We have n't purchased any of the cartridges so maybe there 's more that we have n't seen yet . I wish we would have spend the money elsewhere .
 My 7 year old spent her birthday money on one of these and we were very disappointed . The quality of the screen and pictures is terrible and there are only about 4 or 5 different pages to color and it never does what you want it to . Luckily WM had them mistagged and we picked ours up on clearance for only $ 11 but even at that price I still feel jipped . Do n't waste your money .
 I wanted a cheap , easy to put together bird house , and this product delivered . I thought that the pieces could have been cut much better , fitting without large gaps .
 The original game is great , with tons of stickers that do n't slide and make it possible to have tons of acres to harvest.But this version comes with interlocking puzzle pieces that slide all over the board at the slightest bump , and less pieces so you are more limited . Buy the other version .
 Well the first time the toy dropped the piece holding the eyes in place broke off . It is very heavy so my 4 1/2 month old ca n't even shake it . Even when I shake it there is n't much in the way of a fun noise and so it 's just another in the heap of useless toys . I was very disappointed - I expected more from a Melissa and Doug toy .
 This set comes with two wooden cars . One wooden car came apart on Christmas day . The axel came out and the wheels fell off . No way to fix the car . One wooden car kept flipping sideways and would not make it down the ramp . Matchbox sized cars will also fit , but Thomas trains will not . Wooden cars would sometimes fly off the back sides of the ramps . Kids liked the idea , but we returned our set . Wood ramps were sturdy , but it was VERY difficult to line up the ramps for assembly . As soon as you get one peg in place , the other pegs popped out . Took about 30 minutes to finally put it together . I was dissapointed , as I had looked at many other ramp racers and opted for Melissa & Doug . This product was not reviewed by anyone on Amazon prior to Xmas of 2006 , so I hope this review helps other parents .
 This is a fun toy that a 2.5 year old boy loves , but it is falling apart . We already have had to reconstrunct the flip-down ramp at the bottom , the paint is peeling all over the place and the whole thing is becoming unsteady . My son plays with it as it was intended to be used -LRB- he is not abusing the toy , in other words -RRB- and it is just not holding up . I 'm very disappointed because I bought this one over other brands based on the fact that it is a `` Melissa & Doug '' toy . They may charge a lot more , but the quality is crap . I 'm so disappointed !
 I bought this toy for my 2 year old son , who like every other 2 year boy old LOVES cars ! Amazon was GREAT with the fast shipping ! We were very happy until Christmas day when we found that the toy did NOT come with the screws needed to put it together . THE SCREWS WERE NOT IN THE BOX !!!! After the the long and gruesome search for the screws that WERE NOT THERE through all of our Christmas wrapping paper AND seeing my son 's sad face :-LRB- I would like to tell Melissa & Doug YOU RUINED MY SON 'S CHRISTMAS !!! When we finally were able to put it together with screws that we bought , the cars that the set came with could n't make it down the ramp WITHOUT flipping over !!! THIS TOY WAS A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !! I have always felt that Melissa & Doug was one of the best toy venders out there , known for their sturdiness and eye catching toys ; but after a few disappointing purchases , and this one in general , I will pass when i see Melissa & Doug !
 This toy is poorly made for a Melissa & Doug product . It is difficult to assemble and the wooden pieces are glued together and came undone . Do n't buy this .
 It 's big and expensive , and it only comes with 2 cars . One of ours broke within a couple months . AND IT DOES N'T WORK WITH ANY OTHER M&D WOOD CARS !!!! One reviewer said it works with Matchbox ?!? But it does n't work with the ones we have . And it does n't work with Cars movie cars . Two replacement cars are $ 8 , and you have to send a check directly to M&D . A big hassle -- not to mention , an added expense . I was a big fan of M&D products , until this . Not a great experience overall , from product to service . I also question whether M&D are going downhill -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . Knowing what I know now , I would n't have wasted my money .
 A BIG disappointment -- particularly from a normally respectable toy brand . My kids have enjoyed it somewhat , but they ca n't do much with only two cars . I give it about 2 days before the small vehicles get lost.MATCHBOX cars DO NOT WORK . They are too lightweight and flip over easily . Also , for some inexplicable reason , other Melissa and Doug cars are too big to work on the track . You 'd think someone in the manufacturing department would have thought to make 1/2 inch height adjustment to make it compatible with other Melissa and Doug cars . Nope.The assembly was a complete headache . After awhile , I ignored the assembly instructions -LRB- the wooden pegs do not line up easily -RRB- and just winged it . It 's also heavy , and my kids keep getting frustrated trying to drag it around . Also , the top of the toy is a bit sharp and while I was putting it together , my son -LRB- who is admittedly a bull in a china shop -RRB- somehow managed to severely scratch his face with the toy . He also managed to knock it over on my foot , which hurt.Not worth the time it took to put together .
 While the ramp racer looks great , I have to agree with many of the previous reviewers ... it is not up to the standards of a Melissa & Doug product . It was difficult to put together , taking my husband and I over two hours because the screw holes were not properly lined up . One of the cars kept flipping on its side so it could not go down the ramp . The car release level on one side broke almost immediately -LRB- and this is with my husband trying it out -- before the grandchildren played with it -RRB- . This would only be a good toy for a display item as it looks great ... as a toy that a child would actually use , it is very poor quality . I would not recommend it .
 We were excited to get the Melissa and Doug Ramp Racer Game for our children 2 and 4 . Unfortunately , it is just not that interesting , amusing , versatile or educational . After watching the cars go down the ramps a few times , the kids are totally uninterested in it . In addition , part of one of the ramps broke off within a few weeks of getting the toy . While I love many Melissa and Doug products , I would not recommend this ramp/racer toy . Ours will likely go in a spring yard sale .
 This was my 2.5-year-old 's Christmas present from Santa and it fell apart 23 hours after we finally put it together . I guess the holes on the sides -LRB- the buildings -RRB- were not drilled in the correct place , thus making it VERY difficult to put together . It took my husband over 1 hour of struggling with it to build it . He predicted it would last 20 minutes . He was n't off by much . We certainly did not enjoy that time on Christmas morning , especially since our son was very impatient to play with it -LRB- lesson learned , I need to build toys BEFORE Christmas , then wrap them up -RRB- . I called Melissa & Doug soon after and they offered to send a replacement . Good thing I told my husband to keep the toy until we got the replacement as they only sent us the sides and not the whole toy . We have n't put the new one together mainly because I 'm not looking forward to the struggle . The other bad thing
 To be brutally honest , I was really looking forward to this dragon from McFarlane 's Dragons series . Mainly , it was the pose of winged flight which I found on the test shots , excellent for my needs , which is a diorama/web story . Previous McFarlane dragons , details aside , have been hit or miss . For creatures that are associated with great stories of flight , he designed very few of them in this position.Upon opening the box , as the others , I was a bit put off by having to construct the wings . It has been my experience with McFarlane Dragons that the ones where the wings are preattached , are more durable than those not , save for the Komodo Clan , which as Series 2 goes , is the quintessential piece in the lot . You will find , that if you are looking for a great dragon with lots of poseability , the Komodo Clan series 2 is that dragon.My issues with this larger set are specifically , that one wing . Upon really giving it the once over , I find that there are some serious design flaws in the assembly , and for a wing of that weight , it would have been better served with a plug and hole assembly , like the Komodo , than this mere slide which frankly , depending on your box , will not stay on unless glued . It is entirely not fair to the child , teen , appreciator of fantasy toys , or the collector , to assume the role of Gepetto the Toymaker when trying to fix design flaws , or worse , issues of quality control . This is not the first time that McFarlane toys have been criticized for such quality issues . Just because they possess great sculpting , details , and paint applications are no reasons for the consumer to accept nothing less than a toy , statuette , or figurine that will not break upon opening , or can not be assembled without industrial adhesives .
 We have a few of these rattles . The finish is chipped on all of them , and my baby does have any teeth yet .
 Broke within three days of play . It was a gift so I could n't return in it.Melissa and Doug toys always fill me so much regret . Spend a little bit more and find a more attractive , less likely to be toxic , more ethically manufactured quality . This is n't it .
 I purchased the cars along with the race track , they were offered as a recommendation by Amazon . These cars are too large however , and do not work fit the track . Othewise the toys is of good quality , as all Melissa and Doug toys .
 These boxes will be going back . They are very short and the bottoms are split so that things will fall through if you lift them .
 I am not lightly inspired to write reviews but in this case consider this more of a quality evaluation and not specifically soley for this product but as I ordered THREE Melissa & Doug furniture sets , , , Bathroom , dining and Bedroom ... ALL three were CHEAPLY made , ALL three had different problems , All three are being packed up and sent back.I have purchased literally hundreds of products from amazon , and from time to time ... yeah some items are a little on the cheap end etc , but not enough to actually make me want to actually warn people into looking elsewhere for alternatives.Bedroom setting ... The `` stamped on '' insignias that make this ~ Victorian style ~ furniture are crooked on ALL peices , and the quality on all pieces is CHEAP to behold ... NOT worth the money.The Vanity leg was dangling when delivered . The mirror had an amazing amount of glue bodged up all around the mirror itself ... smeared onto the mirror itself ... would not be possible to remove without a lot of effort , and should n't even be an issue in the first place . There was also glue on the nightstands that wouldnt be able to be removed without taking the varnish off the wood ... GrrrrrBathroom setting ... `` Looks ok '' , but on closer inspection is cheap looking plastic handles on the bathtub were broken off and look . . well cheap !!! . . and the toilet seat -LRB- wood -RRB- literally came off in my hands as it was picked up.Dining setting ... Get this , three of the chairs were actually quite nice . . the fourth however had had the material sewed inside out !!! ... so the cushion is a different colour than the others !! . What moron made this ??? Also heaps of glue spots on the drawers `` china cabinet '' ... and the cheap plastic film on the cabinet itself is peeling . . All round a waste of time . . This is NOT a trolling fest and I myself will be spending more money to get better quality
 The tires fall off the rims , the axles come off the body because they are attached very poorly with VERY thin plastic . It is a complete rip off ! Broken within 2 hours of getting out of box .
 Just ordered 12/9/05 , I 'll let you know ... Scope received 12/16/05 in good condition . Very well packed . Just what I expected , a very solid set up . Documentation extremely skimpy . Thankfully this scope is sold under a couple other names under which I was able to download a good instruction manual . I 'm Pleased . Now if it performs as well as it looks I 'll be happy . No test today , it 's snowing in Denver -LRB- what a surprise -RRB- .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 I expected to receive the original tri-colored sheets . Instead , I paid for what looks like photocopied tablets . I could have done that at home !!!
 My 6-yr-old daughter got this for her birthday and she was very excited about having her own camera -LRB- our 4-yr-old has a Fisher Price Digital already -RRB- . However , film is a brand new concept to her - she wanted to `` see '' the pictures immediately , like on her sister 's camera . This is definitely something to consider before buying this . It only comes with 12 exposures so be prepared to buy film.The camera itself is cute , squishy , pink . Then you have to load the film . The counter on this camera appears to be broken ?? So we did the click , rewind sequence exactly as described in the directions to load the film -LRB- not rocket science here -RRB- . The counter never moved off the `` s '' to the `` 1 '' as it was supposed to when it was ready for taking pictures . We have now exposed the film with pictures of our floor . I plan to return it.Also consider
 Beautiful furniture , but very delicate . We had broken furniture within a couple times of my daughter playing with it . May be better for older kids .
 I am not lightly inspired to write reviews but in this case consider this more of a quality evaluation and not specifically soley for this product but as I ordered THREE Melissa & Doug furniture sets , , , Bathroom , dining and Bedroom ... ALL three were CHEAPLY made , ALL three had different problems , All three are being packed up and sent back.I have purchased literally hundreds of products from amazon , and from time to time ... yeah some items are a little on the cheap end etc , but not enough to actually make me want to actually warn people into looking elsewhere for alternatives.Bedroom setting ... The `` stamped on '' insignias that make this ~ Victorian style ~ furniture are crooked on ALL peices , and the quality on all pieces is CHEAP to behold ... NOT worth the money.The Vanity leg was dangling when delivered . The mirror had an amazing amount of glue bodged up all around the mirror itself ... smeared onto the mirror itself ... would not be possible to remove without a lot of effort , and should n't even be an issue in the first place . There was also glue on the nightstands that wouldnt be able to be removed without taking the varnish off the wood ... GrrrrrBathroom setting ... `` Looks ok '' , but on closer inspection is cheap looking plastic handles on the bathtub were broken off and look . . well cheap !!! . . and the toilet seat -LRB- wood -RRB- literally came off in my hands as it was picked up.Dining setting ... Get this , three of the chairs were actually quite nice . . the fourth however had had the material sewed inside out !!! ... so the cushion is a different colour than the others !! . What moron made this ??? Also heaps of glue spots on the drawers `` china cabinet '' ... and the cheap plastic film on the cabinet itself is peeling . . All round a waste of time . . This is NOT a trolling fest and I myself will be spending more money to get better quality
 INCREDIBLY disappointed . Before opening the box , I could see smudges of cloudy goop all over the wood and cushion one of the chairs . Once I opened it , I checked it out closer , it was excess glue but fortunately , it was water soluble , so I could scrub it all off myself without too much damage to the chairs . While removing the table from the packaging , it came apart , the glue keeping the mini dowels in their paces had no hold . When I tried to glue it together myself , I discovered that it was terribly crooked , when I tried to figure out why , I noticed that they gave me two short spindles for the legs -LRB- there are five total keeping it together -RRB- so there is nothing to be done about the crookedness . The cabinet has a wonky door that gets pushed in way too easily and stuck inside and ca n't come out easily . Huge bummer for my little girl 's dollhouse , the other two room sets we bought from this brand were acceptable , but this one makes me wonder if they have any quality control whatsoever .
 I ordered this item through Amazon.com . Prompt shipment . Amazon has the best customer service!Now back to the puzzle , it 's great idea to have cosmos puzzle . My only problem is it is VERY pixellated . You would think a big company like Melissa & Doug ; would spend some money and buy or order a picture with appropriate sizing . Because it looks like they took regular 4X6 picture and blew it up to 4000 % . And what 's up with the info in the front right side printed right on the picture ? You could use the back side.I called amazon and told them about the problem . They refund -LRB- advance -RRB- me immediately and gave me a return label on the house.Again Amazon.com you guys are awesome !!! Melissa & Doug please look at your finished product before offering it for sale . After all everything is for the kids right . Let 's not confuse them with non-corresponding colors and pixels .
 Melissa and Doug created a puzzle that has magnificent art work . It is sturdy and durable . Yet , it lacks educational value . Let me explain . Most of us learned the solar system from the Sun to Pluto . This puzzle places the moon first and does not have a Pluto . Imagine my awkwardness in explaining to my child that there are 9 planets in the solar system , but Pluto is no where on the puzzle . How embarrassing . Plus the geocentric view of self that has been promoted is not good either . Look carefully at Solar System puzzles before buying . This puzzle is not worth the price if you are looking to educate your children .
 I brought this puzzle for my 4 yr old son who showed lot of interest in the solar system when I showed it in a book . He had memorized the order of the planets away from the Sun . All that understanding is gone with this model which shows the solar system as a picture from behind the moon . It is tough to make a 4 yr old understand that the moon is smaller than the earth when the moon occupies the entire model . Also , the order is not based on distance of planets from the Sun , and the asteroids are not helping.I did not like it at all .
 This is a very lame puzzle . Many people reject the IAU definition of planet and still include Pluto as the ninth planet in our solar system . I will never buy a puzzle without Pluto being included .
 I bought this from Wal Mart for ten dollars . It is worth just that , ten dollars . It looks neat but very slow and dont expect to get on plane , very slow
 This owl is grey and brown and striped . It is NOT a snowy owl . If you are looking for a snowy owl , buy a DIFFERENT item . I have now ordered 3 different snowy owl toys from Amazon and not one , single one was as described . The toy you get is cute but not at all as pictured here and shed quite a bit . Buyer Beware !!!
 Face detail
 This board is flimsy and feels cheap . 3rd dart I threw hit the scoring window and cracked it .
 Nowhere in the technical info about this product does it explain that the software one must install works ONLY with PCs , not Apple computers ! When I received mine as a gift , I made this unpleasant discovery and tried to contact Digital Blue 's support line . In spite of their claim that `` excellent customer service '' is a high priority for them , all I could get was a machine recording . There is a link on their web site that says it can take you to a site to get the necessary Mac software , but , guess what , the link does n't work . I emailed them and got a brief note with a reference to another company that could presumably provide the software needed , but they pointed out that Digital Blue does not provide any support for that software . Catch 22 . All in all , I personally feel that it was a mistake to buy this product .
 This microscope is marketed as a `` toy , '' but at the price you pay for it you deserve to get a decent piece of technology . The software that comes with it is ridiculously old . It does not even have a windows interface . It takes up the entire screen , can not be minimized , and changes your screen resolution . There is NO web interface , so it does not download latest updates , as you would expect from any other software written in the last 15 years.There are minimal and cryptic controls on screen ; no menus . I could go on about the user-unfriendliness of the software , but there is a more important point . It crashed my computer . Not just a simple shutdown ; it was a crash that required a restore to last settings . After that , I should have known better , but we ran it again . It worked , but on the third attempt , it would not even start up . Time to uninstall , lose money on the return , and start shopping for a real microscope.Save yourself the trouble and just do n't buy it .
 I bought this as an educational toy for my daughter . The design is cheap and very low quality . It also lacks its own power supply and relies on power from USB . The software is primitive and keeps putting my display in the lowest possible resolution.UPDATE : The PCs where I had trouble were all AMD based . I recently was given an Intel PC running xp . The scope installed without problem and runs fine . The difficulties may have had to do with AMD incompatibilities . Interesting that the win98 box was also Intel.While this does not excuse the problem it indicates if you got an Intel PC you are probably fine . If AMD you may have issues.Installation was a nightmare as I have described below.Installation
 Like many others , I had a broken microscope and required the assistance of customer service to help trouble shoot . They only allow communication through email . Each email took on average 5 days to respond . After 4 emails I had exhausted their trouble shooting algorithm . Never once did I receive anything more than a standard format answer.Here is the last email : Hi , Unfortunately it seems that the software/hardware is not compatible with your specific computer model and configuration . We can not guarantee that our products will work with all users . We have exhausted all possible trouble shooting steps for this product . Please use the product with a different computer or return to the retailer for a refund . We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this has caused you . If you have any questions , please reply to this e-mail . Best Regards , Digital Blue
 Cheap I suppose , but shaky rubbishy picture almost impossible to focus reliably.Hoping my child would enjoy
 I ordered a Sky Totter -LRB- stated as 97 % -RRB- reduced , an item for the water that stated could support 1500 pds and shipping weight was 50lb . I was charged by amazon.com and received a package from Fat Brain Toys . I received a play parachute !! Something is definitely wrong with either how amazon posts , or the order numbers and communication with Fat Brain Toys . The kids love the parachute .
 Then buy this game . Worst 22 hours of my life ... Sincerely , SinglePs . No , this game was actually that horrible . Life destoryer .
 Specialized trivial games , in their defense , are difficult to construct . For a niche audience like Star Wars fans , levels of fandom vary so widely that it 's hard to establish a baseline of what can be considered `` general knowledge '' that any reasonable player might know -- partly because it 's unlikely the game 's authors are big fans themselves , and partly because people who consider themselves `` fans '' will have widely ranging levels of obsession about the films.This difficulty becomes readily apparent once you start playing the game ; someone who has seen the movies once will find the difficulty of many questions just about right , but anyone who owns the videos and can quote favorite lines more obscure than `` I 've got a bad feeling about this '' or `` May the Force be with you '' will quickly split the questions into two categories
 I spent $ 60 on this toy for my son . The box made it look like it had missiles and two other kinds of weapons it could fire . It did n't have any of these things . It also made it look like it could light up and make sounds , which it could not . $ 60 is too much to pay for a plastic box.BORING BORING BORING ! Do n't waste your money . My son did n't play with it for more than 15 minutes.Whatta Rip off .
 This toy is highly overpriced ... it is not worth the money , especially since you have to purchase the other vehicles to go with it !
 This toy is too big to carry and is parts are conslatly coming undone but my boys ages 6 1/2 and 3 1/2 had seen the commercials so much that is all they wanted . It was advertized TOO much and way after it was sold out ! Price was too high too . I would not recommend it . It was a dissapointment ! I rated it one star because you ca n't do less than that !
 Before Christmas this was the only thing that my son would talk about wanting Santa to bring him . How exciting to see my little boy 's face when Santa left it by the fire place for him . Within the first 10 minutes of playing with it the pieces started to pop off . It was a piece of trash !! My son was heart broken and still is . Not to mention the directions were too complicated for even an adult to figure out . We still do not know how it changes into the different things . Hopefully we can find something else for him , this one is going back to Toys R Us .
 I want to know why in the world I paid over $ 60.00 for something that does absolutely nothing but take up space in my son 's room . -LRB- * And that was not including tax and shipping charges -RRB- I could have bought him at least 2 PS2 games instead.I can not believe this was an EXCLUSIVE ! WAL-MART would have sold this item for about $ 20 - $ 25 bucks at the most.DO NOT BUY IT . It is only 2 weeks after Christmas and now it just sits in his room.Thanks for nothing TOYS R US !! Laura Carter
 FOR ALL PRACTICAL PURPOSES THIS IS A TOY -- NOT FOR SERIOUS COLLECTORS . THE DETAIL IS QUITE GOOD , EXCEPT FOR THE RADIO ANTENNA WHICH IS A PIECE OF STRING WITH TWO SLIP KNOTS HOLDING IT ON . IT IS PLASTIC AND MUCH TOO LARGE -LRB- 1:18 SCALE -RRB- I SENT IT BACK .
 Uggh . That is all I can say about this toy . The desighn is EXACTLY like Avak to the last nanojhule . The face of Thok looks like somthing you might find in a section for say some kind of alein uglyness contest . It looks like a cube decked up with decals and an ovel slaped of for the mouth . The tool next . It looks WAY to much like a Takanuva blade on one side and on the other it looks like a laser from star wars . I am disapointed at lego . This toy is the WORST EVER .
 We gave the black batmobile to my brother for his birthday . First , it is made out of cheesy plastic . Second , the door on top is really hard to open . Third , you can not shut the door once batman is inside and the door sticks up in the front while it 's open . This makes it difficult to drive and batmans vision is blocked . Who designed this junk ? A monkey could do better .
 Ok ; so , this isnt as bad as some recent attempts by Hasbro . However , this is just another in the long line of `` how can we screw up the batman line ? `` If Hasbro is wondering WHY batman is n't selling , perhaps they should ask , `` What have we done that 's new ? `` This repaint is better than the Ninja Knight Force batmobile -LRB- that hideous lime green one -RRB- , however , I just dont see this anywhere in the comics or series . Where do they come up with these sissified colors and ideas?It 's not that this is a bad batmobile ; it 's more that there 's two others in this same make . I personally want hasbro to quit repainting Batman toys , and start selling new stuff . Quality stuff . It 's just the same one as before , except its blue , and has bats on it . Very imaginative -LRB- not ! -RRB-
 Friends recently introduced us to these tiles and their children seemed to love them . The ones they had were the ` clear '' kind and the ones shipped were solid in color . Honestly , the magnetics used in them are quite poor and we have been quite disappointed with the product in general .
 Our six year old granddaughter loves these solid color Magna-tiles . She definitely can use her creativity when using these tiles . It was her favorite Christmas present along with a set of the clear Magna-tiles . Even her 16 year old sister and grandmother had fun with them !
 I have never written a negative review before , but tonight , after trying to play this game again I 'm driven to write this.I purchased this game based on a game seller 's high recommendation and great description , the quality of the wooden pieces and the reputation of the Catan games , but we have been totally disappointed.The game itself has a sweet concept , but it 's boring - truly a Candyland level game just with a more eco/green bent -LRB- and easier to win -RRB- so my kids basically ignore it unless I get it out and insist they play.My main complaint -LRB- besides the HIGH price -RRB- is that you can not play the game with small kids without knocking over the pieces -LRB- several to many many times a game -RRB- . The pieces are placed around the outside and on top of a cardboard `` spinner '' . It can be hard for adults or big kids to get their hand in to spin without knocking them over , much less an enthusiastic 3-5 year old . The pieces ' `` seats '' -LRB- the indented area where you place the pieces -RRB- are not very deep , so even the slightest touch of a finger or slight knee on the box topples them . It 's like you 're involved in some kind of bad ergonomics experiment ... Save your $ and buy Hiss or Trouble and have lots more fun .
 I was a little disappointed in the game because it has no strategy . My 7 and 5 year old can play it by themselves which is nice but I was hoping for a game that we could enjoy as a family .
 If you love Catan and want to introduce your kid to board games that have inspired mechanics just like Catan does , look elsewhere . This game is 100 % dependent on luck . It is as dependent on a dice roll as Snakes and Ladders is and much more complex to set up and play . So you are better off with snakes and ladders . On the positive side , the game is very well built with beautiful pieces and board . My 5-year old daughter got bored with it right away as did I but at least she uses the pieces to play her own games .
 Magic Makers are excellent in all their products , yet this DVD is nothing special of what it promises ! Keep in mind , the seller is an excellent provider of Magic Tricks !! However , the DVD is drastically over-rated and the moves are actually copied from other reputable magicians with a few exceptions . I would not integrate any of his moves into my close-up card routine . The whole DVD is K '' with an attitude on the performance . He is NOT a Card Magician but a juggler . . ! Moreover , the card routines are not Extreme , and not what you expect based on how this DVD gets market and sold . In my opinion , dont waste your money as I did !!!
 They are very cheaply made - warped and do n't lie flat on the table surface - but they do fit with the blocks and allow the light through which is why they were bought
 I got this and the max is 9.2 feet per second with upgrades . The xmod i got for 25.00 goes 12.6 feet per second STOCK . This is just a copy just get the Truck xmods and it will smoke this peice of crap . As i said this is crap a copy
 I got it and put it together right the way . After about one minute of playing , the car wo n't turn at all , and there is a cracking sound fron the front part of the car gear box . It took me 10 mintues to open the from gear box and found a broken gear . The gear looks not normal at all -LRB- it has cut out a circle sharp and there is only 1 mm width of connecting material hold the inner and outer part of the gear -RRB- . And on the 1 mm width , here even a small concave hole which weaken the gear further . No wonder it only ran for 1 minute.And I got it form the closing Toysrus store , And all sale were final . No exchange , no refund . And it 's Toysrus 's own brand Geoffery Inc. . DO NOT buy this toy at all . Save you money buy something else .
 ordered this for my 12 year old son for his birthday and as soon as i got it and saw the box i was excited . big box , beautiful detailed picture of the predator on it , was happy as a clam . until i opened it . first off the size of it is great , the mold itself is great . the problem is in the paint job . very sloppy . it looks like it could have been painted by my 6 year old daughter . i 've seen better painting on a McDonalds happy meal toy . very dissapointed as the picture on the box and online show a nicely painted and detailed predator . the lines for the netting around his body looked like they were painted by somebody with a very shaky hand , not straight and crisp at all . while the colors of the skin tone were good , they looked like they were just spotted on with an airbrush without any thought of where the shadowing or muscles should be . i 've have gotten him nice figures from McFarlane toys and world of warcraft so i know it is possible for quality work at a decent price . i have looked at other neca products of the aliens and predator lines and alot of their reviews have not been favorable because of poor quality . it is a shame because they have great ideas on how to present these figures and display them , but the quality control is just horrible . especially for these great movie icons . thought i would take a chance on getting this one as the other two reviews were very positive , maybe they had a better painter in the factory that day for those but i was not impressed with mine . will be sending it back as i do not want my son to have the same look of dissapointment on his face that i had when he sees this great looking package only to look inside and have that smile turn into a frown . will not order from neca again unless i see the product up close and in person .
 Very , very strong smell of spraypaint . Not subtle . Smell intensifies when beads are stored in the container . We received this as a gift for our 2 yr old , and she liked it , but we discarded it after a couple of days due to the strong chemical smell , in order to avoid further exposing our daughter or ourselves . The problem is compounded by the ridiculous name of this product -- Smart Snacks . Are you kidding me ? How is this a smart snack ? How is it a snack at all ? Why encourage a child to potentially eat one of these poison pills ? WTF ? There are lots of other safe , sensible lacing toys for families who love their children -LRB- e.g. those from Plan Toys -RRB- .
 This is the same as my previous item . I ordered before Christmas and have not gotten them yet . I have emailed you regarding this problem , so please respond this time . Thank you , K Correll
 I took my time deciding on which bead lacing set to get for my son 's 2nd birthday . I chose this one because of the bright colors , capital and lower case letters , and the fact that it stored nicely in it 's own jar . I was very disappointed when we opened the package . The plastic coated ends of the laces are too wide to fit through the holes on the beads so the lacing purpose of this set is useless . Also , the end of the scoop is narrower than the beads , so my son has to pick up the bead , put it in the scoop and then turn the scoop over to dump it out . Basically , it does n't really `` scoop '' the beads . I ended up going out and buying a couple of narrow shoe strings to make this toy work . My son can now lace the beads and still likes to dump out the beads on the floor and use the scoop to put them back in the jar , one at a time .
 Thank goodness I am not alone in my opinion of this toy ! I was so frustrated as an adult with this that it prompted me to write a scathing letter to the manufacturer , who never replied.True - the laces are too fat and the caps on the end of the laces that you poke through the beads were too flimsy so you really ca n't lace this . Also , the cap twists but it never threads off so a small child gets absolutely nowhere turning and turning with the cap never coming off . This toy made both me and my son MAD.We now use this as something to spill on the floor while Mommy cooks dinner . Then I just put the empty jar in the corner and toss the beads back in from five feet away . I did n't plan on it being like a ring toss set but that 's all it 's good for.Cute looking - really poorly designed . Scary chemical smell that does n't go away with time . The box says it is for a certain age then the instructions inside state it is for a different aged child altogether . Which is it?I am reluctant to buy another toy from this company . Oh well . Chalk it up to experience .
 My two and a half year old daughter got these lacing sweets as a Christmas present , and was very excited to open the box and play with the pretend candies . The only problem was that the laces did NOT fit through the holes . We tried many different candies , and none of them seemed to work . I finally pushed the lace through one of them , but my daughter was more than frustrated when she could not do it herself . Also , the laces are very , very short . I expected more for the money . My daughter does like to use the scoop that it comes with - she scoops the candies in and out of the cookie jar . Then she asks to have some `` real candy . '' Not a good toy .
 This toy is a great idea but the toy is horrible . The beads REAK of paint it smells like a can of spray paint and I even washed them and let then air our for a week and its still really strong NOWAY do I want my children playing with these with it giving off such bad fumes I contacted the company but after 3 emails I have never heard a respones , they also do not say weather thier toys are made in China aftr email them on that to I 'm assuming thier lake of response means yes . Unless you want to get you children high DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 The manufacturer actually lists this toy as being for 2-5 yrs . Our 20 mo. old and 35 mo. old both enjoy putting the candies in and out of the the jar . The scoop the candies back into . Lacingings worked but needed to be done by an adult . Still I thought it would be good to work on learning letters.Wrong ! The candies are small enough to fit in the mouth and big enough to block an airway . Age should be older than two unless they make the candies too big to fit in a mouth .
 We bought this train as an upgrade for around the tree . Wire connector to track to power train defective . After 17 phone calls , two separate faxing of recent receipt , once sending the same defective part , and getting interrogated as if I was guilty of something , we finally received the correct 50 cent piece a few days before Christmas . He said `` we have to interrogate you like that '' and he did it on two separate days . Took four weeks of negativism from Billy and Cynthia to finally get train going only to find that it has trouble staying on the track . This is the first time I have ever reviewed a product despite years of buying items online .
 I have owned several G scale trains . We have run one constantly in my store for the kids . This is by far the squeakiest train I have had . The squealing is constant even in the long flat straight aways . Not worth the cheap price .
 Returned the first one after a weekend . The second one lasted the rest of that Christmas season . However , at the start of the following year , the second one would n't start . Save yourself the aggravation , do n't purchase this one !
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased . It could not be more cheaply made . The pieces fall apart , do n't fit , and are misrepresented in the instructions . It 's like something a fast-food restaurant might give away as a promotion.I do n't buy model toys often , so I have nothing to compare it to , and maybe they 're all this bad . But be warned .
 My son wanted a fire truck to build and this was the only one I could find . While we were putting it together , some of the pieces broke before we could put it together . We used super glue several times to finally get the truck together . Now it is together but there is no way he could play with it without pieces falling off . Very cheap materials .
 I would most definitely never buy from this seller again . I have collected eeyore for over 25 years . Looks like it was used and not new ; blue `` hair '' various lengths in different places , like someone had pulled on it . The Disney box it was wired into says comes with 3 AA batteries ; true it did not say they worked - which is a sign that the seller did n't check this first and replace with new batteries or they had been worn out by use . It does sort of `` sing '' but again it sounds used . There was absolutely no bubble pillow wrapping to protect it ; just because it was wired into the Disney box does n't mean it was protected from being tossed around during shipping , especially with the batteries/battery pack .
 The Franklin Youth Golf set arrived damaged/defective . I noticed one of the clubs was broken and heard pieces rattling around inside the plastic packaging . I immediately contacted the seller and explained the situation . I requested a refund since I felt a golf club set that could n't make it safely through the mail did n't have a chance with an excited three year old on Christmas day . I was instructed to ship the damaged product back to them via Fed-Ex or UPS . I sent and paid for UPS to return the damaged item . For a month , I did n't receive any response nor refund from the seller . I contacted Amazon customer service to have them help me retrieve the cost of the item and the initial shipping cost . It was only after this that I received a refund for the item and initial shipping cost , but not for the UPS cost . I let Amazon know this , and I was contacted by the seller . I provided information as to where they could mail my refund . As of this date , I have yet to receive any refund for UPS shipping costs to send their damaged item back to them . I do n't feel it is a customers responsibility to cover the cost of mailing damaged items back to them . Please save yourself some hassle , select a different product from a different seller .
 Package came with no instructions except for changing batteries , but the battery compartment can not be accessed as it is under his coat , which does n't come off . Also , both his hands came off easily but hard to snap back . Doll is not `` fully articulated '' , and hard to keep upright . I expected better for $ 72 .
 Why were n't the cards pre cut . My son did it and naturally tore a couple . The mat on which we play is too thin and will surely tear soon.Apart from that everything seems fine .
 1 . -RRB- First , you will need to CUSTOMIZE te landing gear -LRB- front and rear -RRB- , since the ones included are useless - they do n't spin ; and prevent take-offs and cause crashes on landing . Build new wheels of GREATER DIAMETER , that spin freely .2 . -RRB- Second , it is grossly UNDER-POWERED . Take-offs can be difficult -LRB- impossible in even a slight breeze -RRB- . New wheels for landing gear will help , but tough to keep propellers from hitting nose first .3 . -RRB- Despite instructions , NEVER throw aircraft into the air to get it flying - it will ALWAYS crash !! -LRB- The person who wrote the instructions obviously speaks very poor English and NEVER flew this plane !!! -RRB- My advice
 This swing set will surprise me if it last a year ! The sea-saw broke after just 3 days . The assembly instructions were very confusing , there several of the punched holes in the poles that I had to force to line up . My assembly time was about four hours . I will not order another one of these .
 I dont own this , but I cant tell what it is by the picture . maybe thats why its not selling . there is no decription or other view . No directions on how to use it.thanks
 i like it though i wish i could play with it im just gone hang it up my past buffy action figures had its leg broken -LRB- it came like that -RRB- and my willow one got both of its hands falling off in one day
 This item is very big , heavy and has a poor tone quality . I tried to return my order but the return shipping costs exceeded the value . Very disapponting and in the trash .
 My little one is 4 months and is definitely not ready for this rattle . She can easily grasp it and make it to her mouth , however it is really top heavy and the very hard plastic fish whacks her in her head because she is not strong enough to control it . I used the seahorse one with my older girl and that one was much easier for a baby to manipulate . I will try this again several months from now . Teething will happen for quite some time .
 Let me start off by saying that these rear upper links look great . That 's about it for the positives.The pieces that that house the screws at the ends , constently strip and come off . I 've replaces them numerous times with them stripping each time . It seems like the thread on the blue aluminum is to small for it to have a decent grip.Look some where else .
 This pen is as sophisticated as some early 1980 's free giveaway electronics - which really does not mount to very much.There are 4 short Darth Vader sentences recorded that can be played back by pushing the buttons on the side of the pen . The sound quality so low and one can barely tell what Darth Vader is saying . The oversized Vader head at the end of the pen -LRB- which makes it almost unusable as a pen to write with -RRB- maybe the best part of the whole toy
 I , too , purchased this a couple years ago for my then-six-year-old . It lasted that first Christmas ; about 8 days total of being played with . The `` fur '' is very cheap and rubs off and is not soft at all . But it 's brown , like the `` real '' Rudolph . Like the other reviewer , my child adored this toy regardless of the above `` negative '' -LRB- yucky fur -RRB- . The nose lights up , a HUGE plus . And the legs/hooves are adjustable so you can make it stand up . If you press down on the tail , the nose lights up and Rudolph says something -LRB- one of several recorded phrases that Rudolph actually said in the original movie/cartoon -RRB- . This is a really neat feature . One of the random sounds was just the famous `` squeak '' -LRB- loved that -RRB- . Unfortunately , about half way through the second Christmas , the talking and nose-light-up functions began to fail randomly . Rudolph would stop talking in mid sentence while simultaneously the nose-light would turn off . Since this initial failure , the toy has only been able to produce one of the several recorded movie lines , and that one still gets cut-off partway through ! Wah !!! Naturally , at first I assumed this failure was due to the battery being old . So I changed the battery , a very difficult task . And managed to reassemble the creature after this `` surgery '' . It was to no avail . The fresh batteries resulted in the same aforementioned talking problems.We just dug out this toy for its third Christmas . Not sure why I kept it , given the previous year 's failure . I guess the nostalgia of it got the better of me . Now my daughter is 8 but still dearly wants to play with this toy . She adores it , but is very disappointed that Rudolph 's sentences get cut-off partway through . A shame really . This has potential . I could live with the cheap/nappy/unpleasant `` fur '' if the talking function and nose-light-up function worked properly . Do n't waste your money . Or prepare to get only one Christmas out of it . If this was $ 14 , I would get another , just to please my little girl . But for $ 44 , it 's way too much !
 Bought this toy Rudolph because my six year old fell in love with the ancient 30 T.V. special . The fur was rubbing off in the package . The stupid animal will not speak properly - even with new batteries ... I have not had this much buyers remorse since I bought a Daihatsu Hatchback in the 1980 's . The only saving grace is the fact that my girl says she loves it and plays with it incessantly .
 This toy is a very unpleasant odor.This is not a let baby bite of toys.Fisher Price &#65292; I am very disappointed !
 Be careful , the eyes and cheeks are painted on , so when babies chew on the face-which of course will happen ! - the paint chips off in their mouth ! Awful . Hopefully nothing dangerous in the paint from China ...
 This is an awesome toy to see on display at the store , or set up at someone else 's house . Here 's what you have to look forward to if you brave it on your own
 It broke as I was untwisting it from the ball shape in which it arrives . It was literally out of the package for less than a minute . Nothing like the quality of the original .
 I had one of these as a child 30 years ago and loved it . It lasted for years , got lots of use , and never broke . I bought one for my kids for Christmas and I 'm pretty sure it wo n't make it through the month . Still a great concept , fun little toy . But there 's no way this thing is going to hold up . Disappointing .
 I was very excited to get one of these , loving the ones I had as a kid . Unfortunately , the newer version is not as durable . On the first day I had it , my stepson accidentally popped one of the joints apart . It was possible to fix it -LRB- which involved prying the tops off the two affected segments , squeezing the joint mechanism back together with a pair of pliers , and then gluing the tops back on the segments . Very shortly , without even being careless or forcing it , the exact same thing happened at a different segment . I never had this problem with the older Rubik 's Snakes . Skip this version and get an older one from a yard sale .
 The twist is a great toy . It just does n't last . After owning it for about sixteen hours , my 8 year old dropped it and the thing snapped in two . He was crushed . So we had him do choirs around the house to earn the cash for another twist . Number deuce lasted five days before coming apart while the boy was performing a tricky bird of paradise maneuver . The boy said the twist is `` a crappy made toy '' . I could n't of put it better myself , son .
 My son has been wanting this for a long time so finally got it for Xmas . He played with it for less than 1/2 hr before a section broke . He did n't twist hard or rough as I watched him when it broke . He was so disappointed . Had I read the reviews before purchasing , I might have thought twice before buying . He enjoyed making all kinds of shapes , until it broke .
 I thought this was very poor quality and a lot smaller than the snake I has as a kid . Some parts move very loosely and it feels like it will break . I 'm not happy at all .
 THIS WAS NOT THE ITEM SENT AS PICTURED ! THE OLD `` BAIT AND SWITCH '' ROUTINE ! I WILL NEVER ORDER ANOTHER THING FROM BRYBELLY AGAIN !
 I bought this for my sons and it broke within a week . Ridiculous . When we got it I was surprised at how brittle the turning mechanism in each piece felt ; too bad my hunch this toy was shoddily made turned out right . Do n't bother getting it , even if you 're nostalgic for the `` Twist '' you grew up with . It broke under completely normal usage .
 This was a gift for my 13 year old son , it was a last minute purchase after he mentioned it the week before Christmas . He loved it , played with it for about 15 minutes and it broke . Would NOT recommend it for a younger child and would advise caution when using it for all if you buy it . To me it was a big fat waste of money .
 It was a disappointment . Part of a twist broke within first 10 minutes . I wish I could find the same toy with better quality .
 This was a Christmas gift and within the first 30 minutes of playing with the rubik 's twist , 3 pieces came off . Now I have to send it back and pay $ 4.00 for shipping and it cost me about $ 9.00 . I was dissapointed with this purchase .
 `` I have had the Kwik Kik for several weeks now . I am not to impressed by it . My biggest complaint is that the ball keeps coming off the straps after about 30 kicks . The ball is fully inflated and strapped on as tight as possible . Lastly I was very surprised and disheartened to open my box and find an un-welcomed Mormon pamphlet with email address trying to solicate for your Religious Cult in the box . ''
 the plastic snap that holds the straps is very weak , afer a small amount of dribbling practice the snap cracked then broke .
 Maybe it would work better if the ball would stay on . After about 4 or 5 kicks it comes lose and you have to stop .
 the shield was way overpriced for the thin cheap plastic it was made out of . The handle that was on the back to be used to hold it broke on the first use . It was not handled roughly and it broke . It was too expensive to return and thus we just took the loss . If looking for a shield look elsewhere .
 If I could rate it a `` 0 '' , I would . When we finally got it put together , it would not stand upright and would only fall forward . After spending two hours helping my son put this together , we could n't take it apart fast enough to put it back in the box and return it to the store .
 I purchased this for my 6 year old son who is a wiz at legos . After many tears and attempts to put this together , mom/dad , cousins , and aunts/uncles stepped in to try and put this castle together . These bloks will just not stay together . It is so frustrating , I 'm almost in tears . Although the theme and dragons/knights are very cool . The castle pieces will not stay together . Do n't waste your money on this toy . In the futures I will only purchase Legos , they are worth the extra cost.Edited to add we are now rebuilding the castle with `` Super Glue '' to keep it together .
 My 9-year-old really enjoys the dragon series , but only when he ignores the directions and configures his own castles . The Draigar castle simply will not stay together per the directions . If you have a child that likes to build according to directions , stay away from this one .
 My 7-year-old loves the dragons , but we all got frustrated trying to assemble the castle . The pieces wo n't stay together , especially they wo n't stay on the bases . We 're going to try gluing some of the major pieces to see if that helps .
 I have to agree with the previous reviews . The set looks great but will not stay together . My son , who loves his legos , found this set to be very frustrating . Super glue will be the only saving grace.The entire structure can crumble and then it is back to square one to rebuild , not much fun or educational value in that . If the pieces actually stayed togther then you could rebuild anyway you liked and expand on the original . `` This can not be done '' . You need `` Glue '' . This was received as a gift , though it would be fun to add to the set , we will not spend the money .
 this toy is awful . my son is 5yrs old and this was a christmas present from a friend . It took my husband several hours to just get it together . forget about playing with it . you look at it and it falls apart . who ever designed this toy did n't do a very good job . buyer beware ... it is a waste of big -LSB- money -RSB- .
 This is the worst product I have ever encountered as a child or parent . We purchased some small pieces -LRB- sea dragon , and a coulple of dragons to check son 's interest . He choosee M Cliff with BD money which was returned broken . Then in the few days before bying a big piece , four men have lost the resistance in their legs unable to stand and two men have broken arms . My son was so excited , he wanted the castle or the war ship . We bought both finding that the company was canceling after doing research . Far more than we wanted to spend at once but no one is getting any more . We were caught with limited pieces . So many packages opened and returned in the stores . After tyring to leave out $ 5.00 container for in the morning for my son to have to play with with the others I know both the castle and war ship are going back . We already changed the so called legend to what ever you want . Our men and dragons were friends and magical , taking magical adventures . The my son would write the next script . Great way to practice writing skills . No kids I am not some dumb adult . I have a master 's degree and left marketing . Even Sea Dragon does n't stay together , one piece falls , put that back on and another goes . Not the boring Lincoln Logs of my days or just color legos but at least we were allowed to create and imagine . Son will be devastated as he wo n't understand and will want to try . His main gift a joke . He loves the dragons . High education in learning was given because I learned how happy I was a kid before Marketing scams to make you spend more . I feel sorry for kids today who have to have constant changing action figures , computer games or trading cards to be content spending tons of money . So sad for you . Glad I never had computer games , etc. . We just all wanted to race home , ride our bikes until dinner listening to our tranister radios of the Beatles . Played tag , hide and seek , four square , hopscocth with chalk , kick the can , etc. . How sad your life truly is and how the marketers have gotten you . High education for what I learned , so should you . We loved boad games now so cheap , crafts , looking for bugs , outside , digging dirt , etc not TV . Kill your television , not little men who break anyway . Parents trust me . Just find some good dragons and leave it at that . Let their minds do the rest .
 It 's too difficult and does not lock together well enough to keep it from falling apart . Very frustrating and expensive toy .
 My son was very upset - we collected all the sets to make the big castle like in the toys r us display . When he finally had enough money saved up for the last set , It was to late . We had thrown away all the boxes and put all the pieces into one big box . One day we decided to build his sets . Well it was so frustrating he has not played with them since . As soon as you think youve accomplished putting a section together the pieces would just pop right off ruining the entire time he spent trying to build it . Overall my son spent over 200-300 dollars , - I would not recommend this to anyone.Mom
 I could n't agree more with the other reviews that I 've read . I spent 4 hrs . trying to put this thing together and keeping it that way . Its next to impossible to put together and not have it fall apart . We bought it for our 6 yr . old son who loves the dragons , but got sick of waiting for it to be put together . You definately need glue and alot of patience . Any one who 's interested in this , stop and think real hard before you get AGGRAVATED too .
 The game itself , is n't that great . While the concept is good , reaching into a bag and trying to feel for an animal that matches your card , the pieces are all pretty much shaped the same . It 's very difficult for even my spouse and I to differentiate between the animals.There are much better games that go along the same concept .
 I was so excited when my son got this Chalk Tracker car for Christmas . It seems like such a neat idea . After making sure we followed directions to the t , trying the car on multiple sufaces with every color chalk possible and multiple sets of new batteries , I came to the realization that this thing just plain does not work . It runs alright , but does n't follow the chalk line , not even close . We are returning ours tomorrow . My advice to you , do n't bother purchasing one and if you received one for a gift , just return it .
 My almost three year old son loves Caillou , and I was excited to find some merchandise , as it is not in most stores . I chose this game because of it 's simple premise , but I was unprepared for what it actually is - flimsy cardboard discs and a useless piece of felt . My son does like the various pictures of Caillou and his world , and we have talked about them -LRB- thus the three stars for the educational value -RRB- , but for the quality and durability , twenty five dollars plus shipping is WAY too much money . The game did arrive quickly , but I wish it had been more accurately discribed in the information section . I would not recommend this game at this price .
 We 've had these cars for about 3 months and the water in the shark car has turned completely black . No leakage - thankfully ! My son is pretty hard on these toys .
 These trains are very neat and my sons loved them when we first got them . They each have been through two sets with the same result ... the water leaks out after you 've had them awhile . They are not worth the money . I highly recommend investing in another train instead of the aquarium cars . This was the first time my guys have been disappointed with a Thomas product .
 I was disappointed in this toy . It is made alot cheaper that I expected for the price paid . The broom comes off the handle to easy . My daughter has already destroyed it after only 3 months of use .
 I encouraged a family member to pick this up for my son 's birthday . He just turned 3 and is getting into `` games '' and after seeing the commercial so much , I figured this would be a good one to have . Well , I was wrong ! The music is annoying because it just keeps playing and there 's no way to stop it , unless you take the batteries out . The little figures it comes with are for nothing but show . The bus does not `` roll around town '' on it 's own like the box and commercial say . You push it a few inches to the next person . You only have to get 4 tokens to win and the game is over immediately . My son got a kick out of the bus for about 10 minutes , but other than that , it 's a waste of money . Also , if you are storing it in a toy box and the box turns over , all the pieces will fall out because the front of the box has the outline of the schoolbus and there is nothing there to protect the pieces inside . What a waste of energy this game was!We have the bob the builder memory game which was 10 times more fun and much less money . Invest in something like that instead .
 This game is one of the worst toys I have ever bought . The bus itself is to blame . It plays the `` wheels on the bus '' song in a headache producing sound that I ca n't even explain EVERY TIME THE BUS IS MOVED !!! The main problem is that the mechanism that trips off the song when the bus is moved is so extremely sensitive , that a strong breeze will set if off . Even moving the box from one shelf to another will set it off if you 're not careful to keep the box level -LRB- even if the ----- bus is on it 's side in the box ! -RRB- My daughter has even set it off while it 's put away on the shelf by jumping up and down on her floor . It 's unreal . Then , of course , once she hears it , she then has to drag it out and play with it because it has that kind of sound that kids love and parents ca n't stand . We have actually never gotten to play the game itself because the BUS WO N'T SHUT UP . This would all be very simply solved if they would just put a VOLUME CONTROL on it , so it was n't so piercing . An ON-OFF SWITCH would also help , especially when it 's in the box . My daughter loves the bus itself , but as I said , I ca n't comment on the game . I would especially avoid this game as a Christmas morning gift , unless you want to spend Christmas Day listening to the Bus instead of Christmas Carols .
 Please save your sanity and money . I have a high tolerance for loud toys , repetitive sounds , etc. , etc. . BUT this game has tested my patience . The game is not fun for my daughter and thus offers no educational value . She does enjoy the bus and the music it plays over and over and over . We had to give this game away . There are so many other games that are more fun for your child and offer more family fun ... most of which cost a fraction of the price of Wheels on the Bus . I suggest Hi-Ho-Cherry-O .
 This game was a waste of time . It made no sense and the musical bus just kept playing the wheels on the bus song over and over ! If I had n't received it as a gift , I would have returned it promptly !
 The commercial for this game was very deceiving . looking at the commercial we thought the bus went on it 's own . My 6 year old daughter became very frustrated because there was n't enough room the move the bus on the board and she also wanted to know what the `` little people '' were supposed to do . She was trying to make the game seem fun for her little brother -LRB- 3 -RRB- but suddenly stopped in the middle of the game and said it did n't make sense to her . I felt the same way when I played . The objective to the game is not clear .
 From the commercial , we thought that was going to be a fun game that was based on the song that my 2.5 yr old daughter loved so much . I have to say that not even she enjoys playing it ! All the game involves is pushing the bus from player to player , while playing a `` memory type '' matching game . Get Memory instead , serves the same purpose but a lot more fun and no ANNOYING music ! The only reedeming quality of this game for us was that my 9 month old enjoyed zooming the bus around on the carpet.As for the batteries issue , we are still on the first set of batteries 4 months later , but I think we have only played it about 4 times total .
 Well , if there was actually some place on the board to push the bus , it might have been slightly good . You push the bus about 5 inches and then run over the other players tokens -LRB- you 're not supposed to that 's what happens though . We play on the floor and everyone gets to drive the bus all around while the song is playing . I would n't recommend it , but the bus is really cute . Put a . . OFF switch on the thing .
 This game is very annoying . The bus never is silent . It plays over and over even if you are not playing the game . You ca n't cut it off . We finally through it outside in the sandbox and still sometimes it will play when we are out in the yard .
 This game is just a scaled down version of memory with bad sound effects . The bus goes off singing at the slightest provocation and it is loud !!! This is one of those toys that 's meant to look good on the shelf.Buy memory and use fewer cards for younger children , increasing as they get older . You 'll get more use out of your game , save some money , and your ears !
 In a word
 The game takes forever to play and my 3 year old loses interest before she gets all of the pieces to call the game over . Save your money and buy good ole standbys of Chutes and Ladders , Candyland and HI HO Cheery-O .
 I agree that this game is VERY annoying . The noise never stops - even when it is sitting on the shelf and someone bumps the box !!!
 I had seen this toy on tv and my son -LRB- 5 years -RRB- wanted it so we bought it for Christmas . It is so annoying ! The music on the school bus is so loud and there is no on/off switch . When we put it up and something bumps it , it goes off with the music . I finally just took the batteries off . My son played with it a little and now he is tired of it . I would save your money and buy a better game .
 The bus is extremely difficult to turn off . My 2-year-old likes its non-stop singing of `` The Wheels on the Bus , '' but it irritates the rest of the family . The board game itself quickly bored even my 2-year-old , leaving us with the bus itself as a play toy that everyone in the family except my 2-year-old wants to throw away .
 My son is an intelligent three year old who loves Bob the Builder but for some reason this game just has n't clicked with him at all - maybe when he gets a little older ? ... The past reviewers said that it was fun for all ages which is why we purchased it for Christmas ; however , it just seems boring to me and my son . Maybe if there were other kids his age or older to play with ...
 Not at all like the one I had , wish I could return it .
 I purchased the Simon 2 game to give to my younger brother for Christmas . I did n't test the game before I gave it to him with assurance that it would work because it said it was in working condition when I bought it . He opened it on Christmas morning and it did not work !!!! I am very angry and I will never buy from this company again . That is just ridiculous ! I do not recommend them .
 We purchased this toy for our 10 year old son and he enjoyed playing with it . However , after just a few hours of play the buttons started sticking or not registering when you pushed them so you could n't `` win '' or move up.We returned the toy and got a new one and the same thing happened with just a few hours of play . We returned it a second time and got our money back . Not a lot of fun if it does n't work . I would not recommend .
 The buttons get stuck after very little use , they are hard to push for little hands , unit gets stuck and will NOT turn off . It just starts making noise while just laying there . There is no way to just turn it off without removing the batteries . Not at all happy with this toy .
 i got this game for my birthday . i have two brothers older than i am . they love brain games . we played this game for hours . the challenges were easy . the hardest one was red , red , red , red , green . tricky huh ? the nest day it broke . we put in brand new batteries and nothing . my parents were still wondering why they bought it .
 After seeing a friends son open this gift at a birthday party , I quickly ordered it for my 22 month old daughter . When it arrived , I put the batteries in and gave it a go . My daughter really enjoyed pushing the yellow button and the hand to make the beetle give different directions . She seemed able to follow most of the instructions although I think it goes a little fast . When we went to play with the toy the following day , the beetle had gone crazy ! It kept spinning and giving nonsense directions and basically saying everything it had programmed into it . I did what the directions said to do in case of malfunction and replaced the batteries , but it still would not work properly . I had actually ordered 2 of the beetles to give one as a gift and I took the second one out of the box and tried it as well . The second one did not work either . The concept of this toy is wonderful , but it is not durable at all and it is not any fun having a toy that does not work .
 The table arrive in a damage box and I contacted Amazom after putting the table together found it was damaged and I will not be able to balance the table . I got no response from Amazon . This table was quite costly .
 There were a couple of huge problems with this product . First of all it said it was eligible for prime shipping which is supposed to mean two days . In fact it took 8 days to get there . The reason I picked this item was because it was eligible for prime shipping.Secondly , it was a gift for a friend in another state . It 's a huge package , which she had to have her father have come over to help her open . After they started getting it set up , there was a missing part . I contacted Amazon , by phone , and then by e-mail , and all they said was they do n't replace parts . The only thing she could have done was pack the huge thing back up , and ship it back to Amazon so they could send her another one , and who knows if the new one whould have had all the parts.I doubt that I will ever again order something large like this from Amazon as a gift.Post script
 this is a much older version of the game than i thought it would be ... the questions are all from the late 90s ... and the categories jump around randomly without you touching anything ... i would return the item but the return policy of no shipping fees refunded and having to pay for shipping the item back makes it too much trouble for an item that was purchased used ...
 This was a great game for two hours . For the next thirty minutes we got phrases that we had already answered . Hard to believe that after two hours of play , we had already gone through all the phrases . Very disappointing . Save your money . you could make up phrases on your own and have more fun .
 Great fun for the first hour of play , second game was almost all repeated words , by the third game we knew every word/phrase . Not worth the money .
 Well , if you 're anything like my friends , who are used to playing the original version , you 've gotten kind of used to tossing the unit just in time for the buzzer to run out . Playing this game makes everybody a bit competitive , so people do get out of hand . With the old version the discus would just break open and you 'd have to reload it , not a big deal . But the second time we played with the ` new and improved ' electronic version it was dropped on the hardwood floor and cracked open . So much for durability . I think I 'll be sticking to my older version , thank you very much !
 We used to play the card version and there were way more clues then this new version , and they come out in the same order every time if you can believe that . If they are going to take the time to make it electronic , I think they should have put a lot more clues and they should be randomized . 1000 may sound like a lot , but two rounds through each category and you 've been through them all . Great game while it lasts , but c'mon Parker Brothers , do n't skimp next time !!
 Compared to the original -LRB- non-electronic -RRB- game , this is a ripoff . We brought the game to a ski trip weekend . After a few hours of playing on the first night , we realized we 'd `` beat '' the game , because we kept getting all the same phrases from the machine . I was so disappointed . Compared to the original version , there just are n't very many options . I feel like an electronic version should last just about forever .
 The first version of this game is one of my very favorites . I thought I was upgrading by buying the electronic version . Boy , was I mistaken . Four of us playing in one evening - less than two hours - went through ALL the words and phrases . What do we do now ?
 I bought this product for my daughter , but I have seen it sold in stores for a much better price than I got here .
 this is listed on the Hasboro website at a suggested retail price of $ 24.99 . But it is super fun ! Just buy it somewhere else .
 We recently started collecting the Thomas train items for our son . Just about everything we have purchased so far has been super , however this bridge is not the greatest . The problem is that the covered bridge and connecting track will not stay on the risers . The slightest bump and the track collapses . Hope this was helpful .
 I have Trivial Pursuit Genus , Genus IV , and Milenium editions , so I was trilled to see this new edition . I was dissapointed by the extreme obscurity and difficulty of some of the questions . The cards are numbered and it seems that the lower the number , the easier the question . To compensate , we had to shuffle all of the cards to make the game fair for all players.It 's not as topical or funny as the previous versions , hence we 've played it twice and put it back on the shelf .
 Parker Brothers sold the Trivial Pursuit rights over to Hasbro and they ca n't make a board game to save their life ! The board is annoying . It 's very hard to make out the colors , see the squares right , etc. . The questions are next to impossible , even my parents who are over 50 could not answer most of the questions ! My husband who thinks he knows everything , even admitted that this game was just too hard . We found the questions to be written poorly and often misunderstood by the phrasing . We decided to try out Trivial Pursuit IV and loved it ! Hasbro just ca n't cut it ! I 'm sorry to say but I beleive this is the end of Trivial Pursuit as we knew it .
 The magnet that is suppose to pull the other trains around came out and was unrepairable soon after we purchased it . The magnet is a choking hazard , too . This tow truck does not fit well under the bridges either .
 About 10 minutes ago , my 18 month old was playing with his brother 's Butch the Tow Truck and I saw the plastic piece that holds the towing magnet fly onto the floor . I grabbed it before he could put it in his mouth , but a minute later , I noticed the magnet itself had fallen out too ! Very dangerous ! I think this should be recalled , as it is a choking hazard.I am very disappointed , as this is a new toy . We have just about every other imaginable Thomas character , and none have ever broken before . I am trying to contact Learning Curve to see if we can be compensated somehow .
 Small decals no need for them , looked like full size decals when side was shown I was thinking 1 decal I needed them for a stock car not I got stickers for my kids to put on things
 Purchased this from 3Dstereo came covered in dust and fingerprints , NO PACKAGING -LRB- no white gift box as it says it should -RRB- just a ziplock bag and a homemade printed veiw master label , what garbage cant give a second hand gift DO NOT BUY HERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Filthy 2nd hand crap passed off as new stuff
 I was extremely disappointed by the poor image quality of the `` Classic ViewMaster Model L Viewer '' ! I viewed the exact same reels in two different viewers - my very old ViewMaster -LRB- made in Belgium -RRB- - and this model -LRB- made in Mexico -RRB- . What a difference ! The old viewer showed sharp , clear , and colorful slides . And the new viewer displayed blurry images with dull colors and showed bits of debris from the inside of the viewer on the images . The image quality is completely unacceptable !
 So i was so excited to receive this with no wait at all ... I got it open and started to separate all the edge pieces from the other pieces in the box that were not edge pieces . . I have gont through the box 10000 times and still have barley any edge pieces.Also some of the pieces are very oddly shaped and small others are smaller than others and the pieces are definitley not the same size at all ... what now ? i have this puzzle that has missing edges and pieces that are so abstract it seems impossible ... Destined to finish it i will attempt to finish it but the way its going . . no go . . : -LRB-
 Every Xmas season , it seems there is one big flop of a toy ... the award this year goes to this toy . There was no challenge to it for my 5 year old ; we all got bored after 5 minutes of play . Might be better for a 2 or 3 year old , but there 's not much to this one at all . Skip it .
 Twas the night before Columbus DayAnd all through the houseThis game is f *** in terrible ... No that 's it.This game sucks .
 It would be just fine if not for the fact that the case tears easily . It is made of thin vinyl and cardboard . It would n't be a problem if not for the fact that the handle falls off easily , and it does n't close tightly . Unfortunately , I have n't seen more than this one and the 48 box for the Hotwheels , which is much larger which makes it less portable . This one annoys the heck out of my wife and I , as the handle falls off while carrying it and the cars spill all over the place at inopportune times .
 Item received was a Hot Wheels -LRB- wheel-shaped -RRB- case , not the Matchbox case pictured . Yes , the `` wheel '' case is shown if you go to the additional pictures , but the title and primary picture were Matchbox and that 's what we thought we were buying . If the vendor had been clear about what they offered , we would have passed . Deceptive and disappointing .
 This game was slow and very expensive . It does have some fancy bells but overall not worth the money . The dollar concept is too hard for the very young to grasp and the pace of the game is too slow for adults .
 Although I 'm sure some people in this world enjoy trying to figure out how to play a game I am not one of them . The instructions are poorly written and quite honestly I put the game back in the box and played uno . It 's not a game you can play with two people and by the time you 've taught everyone to play half the party has lost interest and/or fell asleep . Not a good no brainer fundamnamentals game ! stick with rumicube .
 A friend of mine has this game , so I already knew I loved it when I added it to my wish list . My sister saw it on my wish list and bought it for me . Cool , right ? Yay Amazon.Well , unfortunately , it 's not as pictured . My friend has the version that 's pictured
 Ordered this product in the hopes that I would finally be able to add a Harpie 's Pet Dragon to my collection . Waited for 2 weeks and the product was never shipped . Made a cancellation request and never got a email back from the company . Amazon had to cancel the order for me and give me a refund . The company is not someone to buy from . If you are going to buy this card , try another company .
 i got dis toi and it broke reely kwikly i dont like it nun dont git it at al. it uzes a lot of baturees and dont mace much sound
 Do n't waste your money I bought this last year for a little neighbor of mine , thinking that his grandmother could push him around in it boy was I wrong.I took him out in this he was 1yrs old at the time and I pushed him in it , and it was bad it was so unsteady and the footrest went down to the ground and scraped so I had to pick him out of the toy and walk him across the street so we could get across the street that is how bad it was . his grandmother told me oh it 's ok , so I told her to take it apart and just use the toy as a scoot around the house or sidewalk . he loves the music and that is all he can do with it . it makes out on the ad to be really great . the only thing great about it , was the disappointment .
 I Brought this reading the nice reviews and unfortunately my unit was defective . The light and sound buttons didnt work and the unit was sticky and dirty as well.I noticed that the product manual claimed - one year warranty and that I should contact the manufacturer and not return thr item . But when I called their customer service - they just didnt care .
 Do n't get me wrong -- my family -LRB- 7 year-old twins and a 5 year-old -RRB- LOVES this game . However , I was searching for the edition with the beautiful vintage artwork as shown in the description . When the item arrived , it was the updated edition featuring more contemporary artwork . This was HIGHLY disappointing , as I was eagerly anticipating the item I expected . The game , of course , is still the same , but the item is NOT as pictured in the product image .
 I got this thinking it would be a fun family game as well as something the younger kids could just mess around with without actually playing . My 7yo son and I tried to play it a few nights ago and he ended up with a hand he could n't play - and if you ca n't play , you ca n't do much . We tried reshuffling , we tried playing with 15 cards instead of 10 - and then 20 - thinking since only 2 of us we were playing , fewer cards meant fewer possibilities . But he kept ending up with impossible hands , and mine were only passibly playable - ie I had to keep playing pieces upside down , which is allowed but looks goofy . After not very long of this frustration we decided just to build like a puzzle but that really was n't all that much fun , either . Am I missing something ? Just bad luck ? I thought this would be a fun game for us but it was a flop.The cards are nice and sturdy at least so they will hold up to lots of us - if you give this lots of use!Something my son and husband really like to play is called Carcassonne which seems to be similar to this - but better . I have never played it but I need to give it a try .
 I loved it as a kid , but this is not even close to the original . Here are the problems I had with ours :1 . The arm on one of the robot would stick when extended .2 . Neither robot had enough power in the arms to knock the block off the other robot .3 . Did not snap together easily .4 . Much smaller than the original.After assembly , the toy simply did not work . I ended up throwing it away instead of giving it as a gift.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 I remember having a blast with my brother & this game many moons ago . Too much is different on the new version , and it was almost impossible to pop off the heads . Not to mention the difficulty in putting it together . .
 Not only are these about half the size of the original , the robots wobble around on the base so much that it it impossible to `` knock his block off '' . Save your money and pass on these
 NO quality cheap plastic does not work do not waste your money THANKS MATTEL and CHINA for messing up what should be a GREAT TOY !!
 This product says original all over the box , but it is a cheap , half sized copy . You 'd think it would be illegal to claim something as original when it is n't even close to the same size . I would have gladly paid more to get a full sized version . I guess I 'll hit ebay and see if I can find a used vintage full sized version for a reasonable price .
 Wish I 'd had time to read reviews first , but I needed a game for a party quickly , and they did n't have what I was looking for . I was thrilled to see this game back -LRB- my brothers played forever in the 60 's -RRB- , but we just set it up before the party , and the heads barely pop up . I put 3-in-1 oil in the necks , which helped only a tiny bit . No one will play with this game tonight ... going to write a complaint letter to Mattel tomorrow .
 We had this game as kids so was excited to still find the Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots for my daughter . Well when we received it the Robots were much smaller than the original and they barely touch each other when they are punching . The kids tried to play it a few times but were disappointed . After 2 years I have had enough . It is going in a rummage sale .
 I 've never played or seen the original but had heard how fun it was so I bought this new version for my 9 year old . We have had it now for 6 months and I am fed up with it to the point that it is being thrown out today . I comes apart very easily and I find pieces of it scattered all around the house . The rope never stays in place , robots come off easily from their stands , it is not sturdy . Sons complain that they have to bang the buttons with their fists and even then the heads sometimes do n't pop up . Nobody wants to play it anymore and even their friends ask to play somethings else . I 'm sick of tripping over the pieces . I wish I would have known about Amazon 's review system before I purchased this . I can understand all of the negative comments and now , before I make a purchase , I check to see if it is carried by Amazon and what others are saying about it .
 One of the robots arms would not retract after one boxing session . Definitely not the product I remember from childhood .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . I remember playing with them as a kid -LRB- ahem , a few years ago -RRB- and they were alot of fun . These robots are smaller and it is really hard to get the heads to pop up . It does not stay put together very well either .
 The product is tacky , hard to put together and did not engage any of the three children , ages 4-10 years
 Is n't it just great on Christmas morning to easily put this together and then it does n't work . The controls were opposite of what it was supposed to be and the game is very cheaply made . Do not order this-more expensive than in Walmart and when you return it , it costs even more money . Totally disappointed with the purchase and the supplier . I will never order any items from this company that is part of Amazon .
 This toy does n't work like it did when we were kids . In fact , one of our robots does n't work at all . The head only pops on one robot and the robots detach from their base almost immediately after you begin play . Do n't buy it .
 So Mattel thinks their brand name is worth enough to bring back a classic toy . ? But they think so little of American consumers they 'll try to sell a piece of junk online where you ca n't see it.My brothers had the original and I wanted to get one for my son.Skip this version . China keeps knocking out cheap junk ripoffs of Classic American products . Do n't fall for it.So Mattel Barbies are n't selling and you want to trade on your good name?Make Quality Products and customers will return . Make junk and you 'll keep losing customers.UPDATE August 2007O Mattel and do these have lead paint on them too ??? Make toys in America to American standards for our children .
 I 've never played with the original set , so I have no basis for comparison , but the 2 sets I have bought -LRB- the first as a gift for someone else -RRB- are utter trash . The robots are difficult to manipulate , and even if you have one person hold one robot down and the other punch it repeatedly it still takes an absurdly long amount of time for the head to pop up . No play value at all .
 I purchased this toy for a family member who had loved it as a child . Christmas morning we put the toy together and one arm would not hit the opponent no matter what we did . The blue robots arms work perfect , and only one of the red robots arms work . So the toy is useless as who ever takes the red robot is sure to lose . I would n't suggest buying this unless you 're willing to gamble on it not working right .
 Not as good as the origninal - the robots are constantly falling off there platform - husband is tired of fixing - kids have n't played with it since the day after Christmas . Not worth the money or the hassle >
 This is definitely not the rock 'em sock 'em I remeber . They are much smaller - not that big of a deal , but combine that with the poorest quality and it leaves much to be desired . We could n't even get this to work for one game . I remember the old ones well . We still had our old one around until about 10 years ago - when it finally succumbed after years of teenage torture - Yes , our original was around a long time , but this newer , version gives no bang for the buck . Do not buy this , save yourself a trip to the return counter !
 I gave this gift to my daughter as a Christmas gift . Having this same game as a child , i thought it would provide hours of fun , but it will be returned as soon as possible . This toy is not the same as the original and barely works . The robots wont throw a punch hard enough to make the other robots head come off , and the sound of the head coming off is barely audible . I wish I would have read the user reviews before I bought this . In short , I feel ripped off and everyone who bought it should get a refund .
 This toy is the pits . My husband and I both played with it as kids and it was fun . We got this for Christmas for our kids and it is anything but fun . No matter how many times the punches strike the robot heads , they do n't pop up . My kids are small and there is no way they can get the heads to pop up . Even my husband and I have had a VERY hard time . I would in now way recommend this toy.I did try to find an e-mail address for Mattel to express my disappointment . That was not an easy task . I simply could not find one on the website . I found one for customer service through a yahoo search . Sounds like the company does not want to be contacted other than by phone or written correspondence . I find that amazing in this day and age .
 Toy assembles easily and resembles toy of years ago but is smaller and flimsier . Limited movement of robots and cheap mechanism holding head on robots from popping up makes it frustrating because the heads are constantly popping up and needing to be reset even if they are n't touched . There are better values elsewhere .
 My brother and I had this game when we were little back in the late 70 's / early 80 's . We played it quite a bit and always had a great time . My nephew , who just turned 4 , saw the game advertised on TV and wanted it for his birthday very badly . I bought it for him and was excited to watch him play it . After his party we put the game together and were quickly disappointed . Not only is the game half as big as it used to be -LRB- it 's really small now -RRB- , but the heads of the robots are so tight that no matter how many jabs they take , they wo n't pop up . We tried everything to loosen them up but nothing seemed to work . My nephew quickly grew frustrated with it and now wo n't play it because `` it 's not any fun ; nothing happens '' . My brother and I have tried playing it and still it does n't work . I guess they just do n't make 'em like they used to .
 I bought this toy because I enjoyed it as a child , but this 1 is made much cheaper . the buttons do not press down right . when the fist hits a face the neck does not extend . it is very difficult to play because of the malfunction . the kids I bought it for are very disappointed . I wanted to order two , but I am sorry I even ordered one .
 I didnt find the product as bad as indicated in most of the other reviews but it is a disapointment . The original version was much larger , more responsive etc. . Too bad Matel didnt use the original specs .
 Do n't bother wasting your money on this . Someone gave my 4yr old son this game for Xmas . The title is classic and nostalgic but the modern version is a cheap showing . Small characters , flimsy controls , difficult to actually `` box '' each other , and most importantly it is not at all fun to play . Not very durable either ... characters keep popping off the board.My son played with this game for 10 minutes , declared it was a bad game , and then put it away never to be seen again . They need to increase the quality and game play of this toy so the do n't deceive people based on the nostalgic name . - JT Clark / San Jose , cA
 It 's not made nearly as well as the original . Heads pop off too easily , or not at all . Robots are difficult to maneuver . A big disappointment .
 I am a 33 year old female who always found toys for boys more exciting than the ones for girls . I was excited at first to find and purchase this toy for my 7 year old son . I could n't wait until Christmas Day to play with it myself . My excitement turned out to be disappointment . We took it to our family dinner and my family felt the same . It is nothing like the larger version my aunts uncles and I would play for days and days . They had a great idea when they brought it back , but I wish it were like the `` old school '' version . Like a previous reviewer wrote , `` IF IT AI N'T BROKE , DO N'T FIX IT ! '' .
 This toy completely broke from stem to stern within a month ! After many repairs I finally threw it away . It just was n't worth it . My children were even tired of it breaking ! Mattel should consider making these with the quality they had during the 70 's .
 I waxed nostalgic and bought this game only to find that it is nowhere near as durable as the old one . Not only is it smaller , but it is flimsy and constantly falling apart . My two year old could easily pull the robots from the base . In fact , only the two year old enjoys it-constanly pulling off the robots and throwing them at everyone . Unless you have money to waste , do n't bother buting this game .
 I rememeber this toy being a lot more fun . In this version it 's difficult to make the head pop up . You just keep punching forever . After about 3 minutes you get pretty bored . I would n't buy it if I could do it again .
 This item is essentially a minature , cheaper quality version of the ones they made in the 70s . There 's nothing in the description to let you know its so small , unless the product dimensions are shown . It 's about 1/3 the size of the original , and seems to be of cheaper quality . They used to have metal parts inside - now everything 's plastic . Right out of the box , one of the robots has an arm that will barely move . None of the arms move great . Its still fun for my 3-year old , but its a real shame they changed it from the original !
 I bought this at a retail store for my nephew , and it 's not a matter of nostalgia that has me completely disappointed in the toy as they sell it today.This toy , like many others , amounts to being a cheap knockoff of its former self.There is next to no range in movement and punching motion to allow for any form of fun to take place.It 's literally an unplayable toy in its current form ; it 's just that bad and the makers decided to sell garbage by way of its name alone . Avoid the newer item you can find in stores . Look for a vintage version of this game if that 's an option .
 Nothing like the original . Like others have said , one robot is much more sensitive which makes it useless and a huge waste of money . What fun is it to battle when the same one loses almost every time . I would n't even give it one star if that was n't the minimum .
 Certainly not the same quality as the original . Does n't work smoothly . One slugger always wins . If you are aware of the difference you can win every match .
 Bought this for my 3 and 4 year olds . It was very frustrating because the boxing ring rope kept popping out of the holes . Every 4th or 5th time you box and make a lot of movement , the rope comes right off and is tricky for kids , and even an adult , to get back on . It was so annoying , they did n't bother with it . We threw the game out.I had this as a kid and do n't remember this problem . Maybe it 's the way they make them now . Save your money and get something else !
 It 's not really a game , just cheaply-constructed plastic robots hitting each other . Ours broke after about 2 uses .
 Do n't buy this . If you do , go ahead and drive it to the landfill , toss the box in unopened , and save your garbage collector the trouble . Santa should have known better .
 My wife bought this for because I always wanted one as a kid . Very dissapointing ! You could hit the chin all day and it wouldnt pop up . Ended selling in a garage sale for a buck . DO N'T BUY ! It 's seems everytime they are doing a classic toy remake it 's a piece of junk . Why cant they just use the original molds and stuff ?
 I thought this would be great for my twin boys , right up their alley , and it would be ... if it actually worked . However , it is next to impossible to knock the heads off , which is the whole point of the game . Even the adults who have tried can not do it . After a while , my kids just give up and shove it back in the closet . Once in a rare while , the blue guy can get the red guy ; but truly the red guy can never , and i do mean never , knock the blue guys head off . So what is the point ?!?! What a huge waste . When my kids are n't looking , its going in the trash .
 I 'm so glad I read the reviews on this toy . My husband resurected his original robots after a thirty year sebatical in his parents ' attic . My 6 year old has gone crazy over them , so in order to protect these original and keep them as collectors , I was fixing to buy my son a set . What a dissapointment they would have been , as the orginal still work perfectly and have stood up to the rough and tough play of a six year old and a two and half year old . What a pity the remakes do n't measure up . Now I know why toys were so much more expensive when I was a child as compared to now . The old adage , you get what you pay for certainly rings true here from the sound of these reviews .
 Thought it would be a great throw back Christmas gift and it sucked . Could n't get the four ring posts to stay on , was very disappointed with product .
 Wow ... I did n't realize they had scaled it down so much . What a bummer . This is NOT the Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots game I knew and loved .
 When I was 8 I received Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots for Christmas . It came in a big square box already assembled . My father and I played for hours . After I watched The Santa Claus 2 , I was inspired to buy this.Bad idea ! I had to assemble it , it falls apart easy , just not the same.When it stayed together it was fun for me and my son . Just another nostalgic toy that the modern world ruined.Look for an original.Stephen John BecciaAuthor of The Treelanders
 If only they made this toy better quality I would gladly pay 100 bucks or more to have my kids play something besides video games . I have to limit the video game time because they would play all day if it were up to them . Video games have gotten better but toys like this have gotten worse . I had this as a kid and it did have it 's flaws but this type of toy made us use our imaginations . It was fun to play for hours and make up stories . We used to organize entire tournaments because of this toy . Now kids can sit alone for hours playing a video game . I would be happy to pay any price for a better quality version of the original . Maybe some day toy makers will find a market for higher priced better quality toys and then start to make them . Unfortunately this toy is very poor quality .
 My son and I played with it for more than an hour and were never able to get the heads to pop up . Pretty pointless . In addition , the rope that goes around the ring is not long enough and wo n't stay put . I do n't know what Mattel was thinking with this . Guessing the original was better .
 My sons are very disappointed with this toy . It does not stay together -LRB- the robots keep falling off -RRB- and is CHEAPLY made .
 This game is a cheap imitation of the original . If you 're considering this purchase out of nostalgia do n't buy it . Otherwise do n't buy it either . The robots are barely functional and the game essentially unplayable . It will go directly from the box to the landfill . Packaging this toy under the name Rock em sock em robots is a disgrace to the Mattel brand .
 This was the worse toy I have EVER purchased . I read the reviews `` AFTER '' I purchased this toy . The necks never come up after 20 minutes of punching and sore thumbs ! Its made much smaller than the original and badly made ! This was horrible . I wish I could get a refund . AMAZON SHOULD STOP SELLING THIS TOY . This is a JOKE !!
 Like many baby boomers , I had the original toy myself as a kid . As much as we may like to believe it , the old classic one was not perfect either . It always seemed like one robots head popped off much easier than the other , or the rubberbands came off underneath . Time has tended to make us look back on these toys much more fondly than we did when we actually owned them.That said , these `` new-fangled '' versions are extremely poor quality . First of all it just feels flimsy . It certainly is not as durable and heavy as it used to be . Second it seems that one robot is always overly sensitive while the other needs to be hit with a sledgehammer to get the head to pop up . And of course you do n't have the trademark , `` ZZZZZZZZZZ '' sound that the old metal teeth used to make when the head popped up . Our kids must have thought we were nuts to have enjoyed this so much and we have to try and explain how it `` used to be better ! '' The designers who made this should be forced to play it non-stop for 8 hours a day . Shame on Mattel for ruining a classic toy .
 Do not waste your money on this toy at all !! The robots heads pop-up without even being hit . The robots are always falling off the ring and they are n't that easy to snap back on . It was disappointing to play this game . My kids have given up ont his game and it just sits on the shelf .
 I bought this for my kids and can second all of the reviews I read that are disappointed with the game . The blue guy 's head NEVER goes up . The robots are always and easily popping off . And yesterday , one of the yellow posts that holds up the white `` rope '' around the boxing ring snapped off and is impossible to fix . It 's virtually ruined as no replacements parts are available . GOOD LUCK trying to get any help at the MAttel Website or 1-800 number . I am very disappointed in this product and highly recommend you consider something else . It 's a shame because I could see where our whole family would have lots of fun if it worked and was sturdier .
 My husband and I purchased this toy for our daughters birthday . Yes , a girl ! Anyhow , we found this very hard to put together , not too mention frustrating . The quality of the cheap plastic that it is assembled with is not durable . Forget about trying to stretch the rope ring around the edge of the platform , it took us over 20 minutes . The rope was not very generous in size and everytime you would push in one end the others would pop out . After a while we decided to give the rope a little stretch as it needed some play , but the rope was already fraying and after a try the rope snapped . We still have one rope around the ring , but its not the same . So now it 's time to play the game . My husband was excited to play this with his daughter because he remembers when `` Santa '' brought him one -LRB- the original -RRB- when he was a little boy . He found that the punches were weak between the robots and it was almost impossible to punch hard enough to pop the opponents head up . My daughter left the game crying and frustrated and said it was `` stupid '' . Sad to see a parent spend money on a toy that is such a disappointments . Guess we need to read these reviews and hope they are accurate before we purchase something : -RRB-
 My wife bought this for me because I 've told her so many times how much I loved Rockem Sockem Robots as a kid . I kept it in the box until my own kid was old enough to play with it.The toy is not much as I remember it at all . First of all the robots are smaller and less durable . The robots do n't make that cool `` RRrrrRR '' noise when the head pops up and on our game , the head wo n't hardly pop up at all . We got both robots up as close as possible to each other and even throwing good punches the heads wouldnt come up . I remember on the old one from the 70 's if you got in close enough to your opponent to land a good punch in the nose the head would pop up . My kid was bored after about 20 minutes.For those who grew up with this toy and are buying this for your own kid , youre gon na be disapointed . This is NOT the same toy . I was really hoping to recapture a piece of my childhood , no luck though
 My kids want to play the game but the blue guy keeps coming off the base . It is difficult to put him back on . It is a PAIN !
 I know you can not bring back your childhood but you would at least like the quality brought back . I bought this for my little boy and could not believe how quickly it came apart . pllllttttttttttttttt !!!!!!!!!! would not recommend to adult.If you want rockem sockem robots search for an original maybe on amazon auction ?
 Do n't buy it . The quality of this product is terrible . After a few punches , the 2 boxers start falling apart . You can put them back together , but you spend more time putting them back together than you do playing it . Also , the same boxer always seems to win which is no fun of course .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my 4 & 5 year old boys last year . It lasted a weekend . This was Christmas 2011 . Now looking at the reviews -LRB- which I wish I would have read ahead of time -RRB- , I wish I would never have wasted my money . It is no more durable than it was back in 2006 . Poorly built .
 I was expecting something similar to what I had as a child . I ordered this and when it came I was really disappointed . First off , it is a lot smaller than the real one , a lot more flimsy and does n't make the signature sound like the old one does when you knock its block off . This may be a cool toy for a little kid that has never had one before , but if you are an adult looking to relive a childhood memory , steer clear , it is not like you remember .
 I was so excited to give this toy to my kids after they saw it on Toy Story 2 but sadly , it is horribly constructed and keeps falling apart . The ropes around the ring wo n't stay connected so they fall and interrupt the game . Also , the boxers keep falling off mid-play making this tpy pretty much a dud .
 If the quality is not there , the fun is not there . Basically , it 's a cheap imitation sharing the same name as the original toy that 's not really worth your time . Truefully , I 'd rather pay more , even a lot more , to get the enjoyable toy I loved as a child . I was going to buy this for my son , but I 'm glad I read all the reviews . There 's not ONE happy customer . They all sit on a shelf now and probably should be in the trash because eventually that 's where they 'll be , right ? It 's really a shame . Here 's one of the few toys of our past that could possibly compete with the computer for our children 's attention , but it 's not going to happen . I 'm glad I did n't waste my time or money , do n't waste yours either !!!! Mattel , your customer 's want the original , we 'll pay for the original , give us back the original . This cheap imitation SUCKS !!!!
 Overall - really cheap quality , do n't bother unless its to keep the kids happy for the 1 day it works .
 Easy for a child to master , lots of noise and excitement , but play gets old fast and the game soon gets set aside .
 My son has this toy and the robots constantly fall off and are very hard to get back on . The game usually only lasts about 30 seconds before it 's over . Dont ' waste your money .
 This toy is a scam . The other reviewers are pulling their punches . This toy is NOT the toy from yesteryear . This toy is a miniature version of the original and is a total piece of junk . In big black letters the box proclaims , `` The Original Fighting Robots ! '' The people at Mattel should be drawn , quartered & dried . Save your money . Worse than a waste of time and money , this toy offends the people who purchase it .
 I was going to buy this for my husband -LRB- and me -RRB- . I 'm glad I read all the reviews first though . It sounds like classic games will never be made to stand up to the originals . I guess you have to buy the original on an auction site somewhere . And let me guess , it 's made in CHINA , right ? Like * every * toy Americans buy . How lame ...
 ah yes , `` Rockem Sockem Robots '' the classic favorite . What a shame . I have no problem with the lack of educational value inherent in this toy -- kids have too much `` educational '' everything shoved down their throats as it is -LRB- in my opinion children need to have at least some play that exists for the pure joy of having fun , but I digress -RRB- . What really gets this toy only one star is the poor quality . This toy is difficult to assemble -LRB- I have trouble snapping it together every time it falls apart -RRB- , which brings me to point 2
 Some things do not improve with age . This is a piece of garbage . It takes for ever to knock the heads off when my little 5 year old plays . The robots are difficult to set in the slots . It is not even worth a $ 1 to me .
 I was excited to buy this game for my 5 yr old grandson Tyler . We played with it on Christmas Day . Boy , were we disappointed ! It was the most boring game we have ever played !! We even though maybe it would be better for 2 yr old grandson Jackson , but we were wrong . He pushed it away after less than 1 min . What is the point of this game ? The heads pop off but that is it ! What a waste of money . I should have bought a jack in the box instead . I wish I would have checked into this game before purchasing it .
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS TOY . In addition to what the other reviewer says about the boats not floating -LRB- which is correct -RRB- , the `` finger puppets '' are dangerous . Last night my son got his whole index finger stuck inside of one of the figurines and we had to make a trip to the emergency room . After attempts to get the figurine off with oil , lubricants , water etc , they eventually had to take an xray and then cut it off with a ring cutter , leaving a deep gash all the way around the base of his finger . UNSAFE toy .
 When we squeeze the handle , the birds mouth closes instead of opens , and when we let go of the button the mouth just half hangs open . so in order for the pelican to fit any of the little guys in his mouth , we basically have to trap them against the edge of the tub with his mouth and shove them in . They also fall out the bottom the very second they are eaten . My kids do n't play with this at all , once they discovered the pelicans mouth doesnt open enough to easily eat the toys . I love the colors and think it looks very cute , but it 's useless .
 This toy is designed for a toddler due to its small size , but interestly is advertized for ages 5 & up . I now know why . It 's a hazard . Pros
 This is so cheep it falls apart all the time . I am going to replace it with a better shopping cart like the `` Pottery Barn Kids '' one or the `` Mellissa and Doug '' . Anything has got to be better than this one !
 I purchased this shopping cart for my daughter because her other cart broke . I expected this cart to be taller/larger than it is because of the age recommendation . This cart is really a bit short for her -LRB- she is 5 -RRB- . She loves to take it to the grocery store and put items in it just like mom . The problem we have at home and the store is the wheels come off every 15 - 20 feet while she is pushing it . We have since quit taking it to the store because the wheel just would n't stay on . At home she does n't play with it as much
 THE PHOTO OF THE ITEM MADE IT LOOK LIKE A ROCKING HORSE THAT A CHILD COULD GET ON
 Cute doll but it takes DAYS to finish draining . This make it un-useable to go from the bath to playtime .
 i got this for christmas and it didnt work i couldnt get it to work ... when i did i did two stiches and i had to redo the thread.i cant believe how they can sell such a toy.i might be young but listen up THIS DOES NOT WORK . dont waste money on a cheap piece of plastic . buy a needle , thread , and fabric and hand sew , it would cost less and would take less accembile
 After only a few days , Popeye 's head fell completely off . And my children were not especially rough with the toy - they basically had the Popeye gang living in the doll house . It appears to just be a design flaw , the thin neck on the Popeye figure can not support the big head.Considering the inexplicable dearth of Popeye toys out there , I was really hoping this set would be a winner . But with the main character 's head falling off after only a few days of moderate play -LRB- and Gorilla brand super glue was of no avail -RRB- , I have to urge folks to avoid these toys . It just leads to more grief , especially with younger kids who get attached to the toys .
 We ordered this table and were so happy to get it . Cute , functional , all seemed well ! The art paper and the cups were just perfect . However , after a few weeks , the legs on the seats started getting loose . The same thing followed with the table . We thought at first we had over stripped them and bought our own hardware to fix up . Same problem happened again . We returned the table to get another just like it and the same thing happened . If you look close at the table and seats , you will note that the legs all enter at an angle , but only a simple metal plate helps secure them -LRB- no reinforcement -RRB- . We think this is the problem . It is a great thought , but we returned for our money back and are looking for the same idea without the angles that seem to cause the problem ...
 The table looks great and my son loves it , but not all the parts fit together . My son and I had lots of fun putting it together until we got to the read paper role holders that screw on underneath the table . One of them does n't line up with the screw holes in the table . I 'm going to have to get a power screwdriver and try to just screw it into the wood directly . Hopefully it does n't damage the table .
 The art table arrived with the wood on the side broken . When I called amazon , they said that we 'd have to disassemble it , obtain a box and re-pack it , and be home to coordinate a pick-up from UPS to obtain a credit . That creates an unreasonable amount of work for us to a solve a problem that is not our fault ! Amazon should stand by their products , stand by their -LRB- many -RRB- outside vendors , and send us a new table .
 Very disappointed . I bought this for my cat , but it does n't cast well with her toy attached . Plus , the reel is so small and makes too much noise . Maybe good for children , but not your cat .
 Would be a great toy if it did n't stop working after 3 uses . . The fish no longer swims . My 3 year old son still likes it but the quality needs improvement .
 cheap , plastic feel . the fish split a bit so i worried about exposure of the battery to water . perhaps the split in the fish is why even with a fully charged battery in a wading pool , the fish did n't really move around with sufficient velocity or balance .
 This toy was a gift for my 3 y.o. son . The line became tangled inside the fishing pole handle within one hour of use . I tried to unscrew and open the handle but it is assembled in a way that I can not reach the line with my hands . I 'm really disappointed . This was the gift my son was most excited about .
 Very disappointed when the product arrived . The discription says styles may very , and they were right . I received product that was about half as cute as what was pictured . Compared to what they have pictured what I received is second rate . I did n't expect much for the quality item and it still was not very good . I would not recommend buying this product and would suggest looking at other options .
 If they are protecting our child 's hearing they should show the volkume in the store as it will be , impossible to hear . It 's nice in the store , but w / the package open , this tab falls out & then you can not hear it . Tell people on the box and let them decide to buy it or not . They know that no one would buy it at that beyond low volume .
 I agree with the other reviewer . Once the tab is pulled out of the back , you can not hear it ! You have to get very close to hear it and my child lost interest in it . We even bought another one thinking we had initially bought a defective toy , but the same thing happened . Do n't waste your money !
 I have to agree with the other people here who 've purchased this toy . My daughter was in love with a similar one at the babysitter 's house so we decided to get her one . In the box the volume was perfect ... but when you remove it it lowers too much . You have to put the phone right up to your ear to hear anything but then they ca n't learn anything because they ca n't see the buttons and hear them at the same time . I understand the safety reason behind it but what good is a learning toy if you ca n't use it properly ?
 I got this for my 18 month old son because he likes toy phones and remotes . He has another sesame street remote with opening/closing eyes that he loves so I thought this would be perfect . However , this phone barely does anything and is quite boring . I decided to leave it in the package and give it away as a gift to a younger baby . When you flip it open the eyes open and it sings Elmo 's World but when you press the buttons it only says the number or object that is on that key and nothing else . It is quite boring compared to all the other phone toys he has . I should have realized that there would n't be much to it since it was so cheap but I thought I would give it a shot since his other sesame street toys are so nice . If your little one loves Elmo maybe they would really like this but I just was n't impressed by it at all .
 Cute toy . Unfortunately , the eyes get stuck opening and closing and the paint chips off . Not a good toy for toddlers who put everything in their mouth !
 I bought this toy after playing with it in the store , got it home and the volume is barely audible . I called the manufacture and they said it is for hearing protection , I said you cant hear a thing , they refunded my money but it was a total disapointment . DONT BUY TOY !
 The phone seemed to work fine until I took it out of the box . It was difficult to remove from the wrapping then , mysteriously , the sound became extremely low . I thought changing the batteries would help it did n't . So , in less than a day this toy stopped working .
 my son LOVES LOVES LOVES Elmo almost as much as he loves playing with our phone so I thought this would be the best toy ever . He wanted to play with it so badly that I borrowed scissors from the checkout to open immediately . Once it was opened just like everyone else reported the volume is ridiculous . you ca n't hear it at all . One of the reasons we bought it was so he could hear the elmo 's world song and you could n't even hear it . I was highly dissappointed and asked for an immediate refund . I however was not as dissappointed as my crying toddler ... it seems like with all of this negative feedback the toy could be changed ...
 Not a good toy because you can not hear it . Grandbaby did not like it cause you can not hear it and it does nothing but talk very quitely and no bells and whistles for her to be interested in it ... it does not even have flasing lites etc. . . BORING
 My 18 month old daughter loved this phone at first , even with the low volume . But , within the first 24 hours , it got either knocked or flung from the highchair -LRB- not an odd occurrence for a baby toy -RRB- and immediately broke . The flip part no longer closes completely , and no longer stays open completely . The result is she now finds it frustrating and annoying , and so do I. I 'm going to try to take it apart and see what I can do , but for a 24 hour old toy , it 's quite a disappointment .
 We chose this phone over all the other ones in the store because the volume was great . Little did we know that the volume is high only for the display demo . Once you take it out of the package the volume lowers tremendously.Then the flip part of the phone did n't close shut all the way and kept popping up.We returned it the next day . Our baby did n't even have 1 whole day to enjoy it .
 Hey everyone , I have read all the reviews on how to fix the volume for elmo 's phone and I found the best way was to take off the 4 screws and open it up , cut one of the white wires leading to that slit in the back -LRB- upper right corner or upper left when looking at it from the inside -RRB- I removed the metal piece and cut the white wire , but all you have to do is cut the white wire for sure . now she loves the toy . hope this helps ... thxRalphToronto
 I bought this for my 18mo . old because she loves to play with my phones . She loved this Elmo phone too , until we took it out of the package . When this product is removed from the box the volume automatically decreases ALOT . -LRB- the enclosed pamphlet said this was a FEATURE ! so as not to hurt my little ones ears -RRB- The problem is the volume is so low -LRB- and not adjustable -RRB- that it is useless as a learning toy . It is supposed to teach numbers and objects as you push the buttons . But if you are looking at it to push the buttons you ca n't have the phone up to your ear which is the only way it can be heard . We returned it for another to try to bypass this volume lowering FEATURE to no avail . I 'm just going to return it for a refund . Very disappointing , my daughter really liked it when she could hear it .
 This toy is an utter disappointment.Changed to new batteries but volume was still barely audible . A definite return to the store !
 The volume is just too low . I understand why it 's low but it may as well be mute . I have another child in the home and even when both are playing relatively quietly , the phone is impossible to hear . Neither want to play with it because of this.We 're taking it back .
 It 's just plane false advertisement if you ask me . My 14 month old son loved the toy in the store , but as soon as we brought it home and took it out of the package we couldnt even hear it . I thought something was wrong so I was looking for directions to find the volume control and there was a note saying that the volume was supposed to decrease . I just dont understand why they have so loud in the store if thats not how it really is . They should sell it just as quiet as it is when you take it home . My son NEVER plays with it now , I was VERY disapointed .
 I have a ten month old who adores Elmo and my own cell phone , so I thought this would be the perfect gift ... boy was I wrong ! All throughout the store he played with it and loved it . When we got home it was the one toy he was the least interested in . We both were so dissapointed with the volume level . I understand that it is supposed to be lowered for saftey reasons , but the only time he can hear it is if he is in a quiet room . Let us as the parent decide whether or not the volume should be louder . Also , I have found that this phone is very heavy!It 's bad enough the volume is so low , but when it 's so heavy that my son can barely pick it up to put by his ear , makes it ridiculous !
 My daughter loved this phone in the store . She loves Elmo and she loves to talk on the phone . The phone has two modes , so each button does two different things . Elmo sings part of his `` Elmo 's World '' song . We thought , `` What a great phone ! `` We get it home , take the volume control tab out -LRB- like it said to -RRB- , and we could hardly hear it . We were so dissapointed . Our daughter was , too . She has never really EVER played with it . She ca n't hear it !! They ruined a great toy !
 I 'm glad to see that toy makers are taking into consideration how loud toys can be , but come on ! Once we opened the package , the volume dropped dramtically . We can barely here what Elmo is saying now . My baby presses the buttons and opens the flap a few times and then grows bored with this phone because she ca n't really hear it . The most interesting part to her is the eyes that open/close . There are much better play phones out there .
 My daughter loved playing with this phone in the store . So I bought it for her 1st birthday . When you take the phone out the volume decreases drastically ! You can barely hear it at all . It is very cute and durable , but what fun is it if you can not hear it ?! The phone went back to the store the next day . I was very disappointed !
 The volume on this phone was so low you ca n't hear what Elmo is saying which does n't provide much fun or learning . This was the same even after trying new batteries .
 I got this toy for my daughter last Christmas . She just loved it . When we took it out of the box , the volume went way down . She kept telling me that it was broken . She was very upset . I wish that I could have taken it back , but the volume does not go down until after you open it .
 Thanks to you who have reviewed this phone , especially J. Fulwood `` new mom '' . You described how you rigged the phone to be louder . Thanks to you , I just rigged my 3 year old daughter 's phone and now we can hear it just like it was when it was in the store !!! Thank you very much for the info . We were really mad when we got the phone home and took out the tag and could barely hear it . Now , we have a `` new '' toy again and my 8 month old will be able to hear it too . Thanks for the great reviews !!!
 i purchased this toy boy was it a waste of moneyaftr a couple of hours of playing with the toythe voice response of the toy was almost silentand it stayed that way even after i brought new batteriesthe toy sucks it does n't even look like a real toyif you want kids to learn how to use a phone build one that looks like a real phone . this toy will only confuse them in learning how to use a phone . I would n't recommend anyone buying this toy even if it 's for free
 After getting the toy out of the package and pulling the demo tag out , you could no longer hear the sound . What fun is a toy that you can not hear ? My friend had bought this toy and has the same complaint.DO NOT BUY THIS TOY !!!!!
 The toy was a huge waste of money for me and a huge disappointment for my elmo-loving daughter .
 Like many other reviewers , my wife bought the toy for our daughter thinking it would play at a normal volume , only to learn when it was taken out of the packaging that the volume is minimal . We have found a lawyer and he started a class action for false advertising . We 're looking for other purchasers of the phone who can help us as witnesses - people with similar experiences . If you can help , email me at femarchetti@netscape.net . With your help , companies will learn not to misrepresent their products .
 We bought this phone for our 14-month old son hoping that it would divert his attention away from our cell phones . After playing with the toy for a few days our son has completely lost interest in it . As for the quality , the eyes tend to get stuck while opening so the music does not go on until the they are dislodged manually . The volume is not an issue for me though , I like that it is low .
 I purchased this toy after reading 177 reviews which gave the toy an average of 3.5 stars . My kid played with the toy off and on for 3 months . the phone did n't seem special to him , he would bring it to me to press the buttons and then afterward he would grab another toy . After noticing the phone did n't work any longer I replaced the batteries . At this point the phone does n't make any sound . I have replaced 2 sets of batteries and still the toy does n't work . I would rate this as junk to any prospective buyer to beware of it .
 You can hear it in the store but as soon as you take it home and pull the piece out you ca n't hear it unless you put it to your ear . Trying to `` fix it '' is just not worth your time , find something else , and continue to read reviews FIRST !
 This is so easy anyone can do it . My husband travels quite a bit , and since I ca n't stand to have things just laying around broken , and I for sure wo n't throw anything away , I 've been left to figure out how to fix things on my own . If I can do it so can you ! I decided to figure out what was up with this Elmo phone once and for all . After taking it apart I found that there are two metal tabs inside the slit -LRB- in the back of the phone where you had to remove the plastic tab when you took it out of the box -RRB- and when they touch the volume of the phone is lowered . When they do n't touch the phone goes back to the regular audible volume . To FIX IT
 I do n't know what Fisher-Price was thinking about the plastic tab ... it is true . If you take the tab out , the sound will drop to such a volume that even with your ear on the phone itself , you will still barely hear it . It was a huge disappointment . So , if you still plan to buy this item , do not throw away the plastic tab . You can still reinsert it into the hole and get the original sound back -LRB- which is not very loud either -RRB- . I repeat ... do not throw away the plastic tab . I kicked myself and spent a half an hour looking through the garbage can when my child cried . She told me the toy was broken and would n't even go near it . Seriously , save the $ 10 and go buy another product , preferrably another Elmo toy NOT made by Fisher-Price .
 I bought this toy because I have heard parents complain that volume is too low on an item and it plain was n't . If you have a child holding a toy to it 's ear then it needs to be low but my baby just get frustrated as does my 31 yr old baby -LRB- hubby -RRB- . You ca n't hear anything . . the worst part is when we bought it it was fine . Once you take that tag out of the back forget it .
 What a disappointment -- volume is way too low ! My 2-year-old daughter was so disappointed when we took the phone out of the box , she now keeps the phone in closed position -LRB- which also closes the eyes -RRB- and says it 's sleeping.I called the company and they sent me a voucher for $ 8 . Maybe if everyone complains , they 'll design something better for our Elmo lovers .
 I agree with everyone else !!!! The toy is wonderful in the box and in the store . I wish I would have read these reviews first but it was an impulse buy in the store . Do not waste money on it ... just let them play with it in the store and then put it back on the shelf .
 My son is a big Elmo fan and he loved this toy in the store , but when we took the phone out of the box the volume on the phone became so low you can hardly hear it ! This was very disappointing ! I would not purchase this toy for anyone in the future !
 We picked this toy up at the store as an unplanned purchase because my son seemed to like it so much . the volume was appropriate then . However , once the phone is out of the package the volume decreases dramitically . The only way we can hear it at all now is in a quiet room with the phone held to our ears . A note included with the instructions state that this is normal . What it ought to state is that this is a complete waste of money . Although fun at the store -LRB- before volume tab is removed and you can actually hear it -RRB- , it 's useless once opened . Talk about bait and switch !! I am very disappointed with this toy .
 The volume on this toy once it is out of the packaging is extremely low and difficult to hear .
 I have the same complaint as many others with this particular toy . When I was at the store with my son I let him play with the phone and he absolutely loved it . I knew I had to buy it for him . As soon as I took it out of the box the volume went WAY down . It is almost a whisper . You are barely able to hear the volume unless it is extremely quiet . I thought the toy was defective until I noticed the Note To Consumer explaining that the volume will go down . I think that is terrible that Fisher Price put the notice inside the box . They should have it on the outside of the box where potential consumers can read it and then decide if they want to buy it knowing that information . I would certainly not have purchased it had I known . Now my son has no interest in the phone because he can barely hear it . I cant even bring it back because the package is torn apart . It is truly a disappointment and a big waste of money !!!
 sounds wonderful in box at store but buy it , bring it home , open it for your child and watch the disapointment on their face . maybe they will get a smile out of you wondering why all of a sudden it no longer can be heard unless pressed tightly against your head . take my advice DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE . rip off . wish i would have known then what i know know .
 THIS TOY HAD PERFECT VOLUME IN ITS BOX , AND I LOVED THE WAY IT SOUNDED . . AS SOON AS YOU TAKE IT OUT THE BOX , EVEN MY EARS COULD N'T HEAR IT ... THERE SHOULD BE A VOLUME CONTROL ON IT , SO WE AS PARENTS CAN DECIDE ON WHATS LOUD OR NOT FOR OUR CHILDREN . . BUT THIS TOY IS WAY TOO LOW AND WAS A WASTE OF MONEY
 i should give it zero star actually ... waste of money . . even thou i got it for $ 10 ... the volume of toy is tooooo low to enjoy . . my 1 yr old didnt even bother to hold it after few minutes and my 3 yr old played with it only for a day ... i bought this because my 1 yr old kid loves our home phone and loves to hear the tone and light on the phone ... when i bought this toy i knew it has no lights on it ... but the voliume is too low that you can only hear elmo when you put it on you ear ... the volume is even lower than normal home phones ...
 My daughter loved this phone until I removed the saftey tab , now you can barley hear it . This went from very cute to a piece of junk it matter of minutes . I guess it 's like mommys cell phone most common phrase is `` CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW '' !!!!!
 This phone was so great IN THE PACKAGE . We bought it , took it home , and opened it for our little girl . Much to our disliking , it was TOO quiet . Our daughter could n't even hear it , let alone us . It was a complete waste of money . If it was just louder , it would have been a great phone . Save your money , I recommend Fisher Price 's Laugh and Learn Home Phone , so much more worth the money .
 the phones volume level makes this toy a rip off . its nice and loud when you try it in the packaging ... but after you remove it ... the volume level goes to barely audible `` to protect your childs hearing '' . my daughter got mad and threw it because she had to hold it up to her ear to hear it ! theres a tab in the back . . in a slot . . stick a piece of wide tape over it ... dont pull it out and throw it away as instructed . if you already did . . cut a piece from a plastic strw the size of the slot ... fold it over . . stick it in there . it works . put a piece of tape of it and youre in business ! shame on fisher price for tricking consumers like this !
 Like most other reviewers , I agree that the volume is way too low - Elmo is practically inaudible . On most of my daughter 's other toys I have the opposite problem . I think perhaps they were thinking the child would hold the phone to his/her ear - since it 's a phone ... but if you do that you ca n't see any of the cool stuff on the front ! I 'll have to try a make-shift plastic `` volume increaser '' like a couple of other reviewers have tried . And I hope that works because as cute as this toy is , my little Elmo fan completely lost interest when the sound went away .
 There was nothing written about the volume decrease in the outer box , just a note inside of the package -LRB- which you just can notice after you open the box -RRB- . I returned it to the store right away . The volume of the toy was not that high for Fisher Price to made such a `` security feature '' -LRB- as they call it -RRB- . SHAME ON FISHER PRICE !!! I am not going to put a plastic on the toy ; that could become a hazard for my baby . Fisher Price will have to correct this mistake in order for me to buy this toy again .
 I picked it up for my 1 year old thinking it would be a fun toy for her to have in the car or shopping to keep her busy - well I open it up and give it to her and she opens it and looks at me like what is this and throws it on the ground - wants nothing to do with it . If you are going to adjust the volume do it so it is at a medium tone not so low you ca n't hear it!Not worth the $ find something else .
 There is no indication prior to buying this toy that the volume will be turned down to nothing when it is taken out of the box . I can understand the Fisher Price people 's concern for children 's hearing but the volume does n't need to be so low . We were very excited about getting the phone and looked forward to playing with it when we were still able to hear it !
 I bought this toy for my daughter when she was 18 months old and loving Elmo . At the store the phone sounded loud and clear but for reasons unknown when I got home the volume was very low . I tried replaceing the batteries but nothing helped . I spoke to a friend who had the same problem with the phone ...
 I have the same complaint most other reviewers have - once the phone is removed from the packaging the phone is nearly inaudible . There was no mention of this detail on the box/packaging which I think is totally DECEPTIVE . I would not have bought the phone if I would have known the volume would be significantly reduced once it was removed from the box . I called FP and complained . They would n't give me my money back - said I 'd have to return it to the store where I purchased it . The store wo n't take it back because it 's been removed from its packaging . I am very angry that FP deceived me and now wo n't give me my money back . I hope this does n't happen to anyone else !!!
 My daughter who is 10 months old loved this toy in the store . When we took it out of the package the volume decreased tremendously . We called the company and they said it was for safety reasons . I understand that , but you ca n't hear anything . It would be a good toy to teach numbers , etc. but you ca n't hear it . She does n't play with it much at all . She prefers her noisier toys . I would like to know how the one customer 's husband made the toy loud again . This toy was a waste of money
 The phone itself was a great phone , it will teach my son numbers , objects and noises except for the fact that he ca n't hear anything.At the store the phone worked great but when you take it out of the box the volume completely goes down and you can barely hear a word elmo says.I was not very happy along with a few other friends for this was my sons favorite new toys.I 've tried new batteries and it still does not work .
 you really ca n't hear a thing when you pull the tap . my son -LRB- 1 year -RRB- loved it in the store , so we bought . after getting home , the volume went way down ! this toy is educational , but because the volume is so low you ca n't hear what elmo is saying . even when you push a number and raise it to your ear like a cell phone , the number has been said and it 's over . my son did love playing with it but i took it back to the store . i bought it so he could learn as well . just fix the volume or make it adjustable for parents . hope this helps .
 I got this phone for my son but you can barely hear it . I was at Walmart trying it out at lunchtime and it sounded clear and loud and great . Then I brought it back to my office after lunch and was going to call some of the guys and joke around it but you could barely hear the phone . I figured it was broken . Then I saw on the printed instructions that it says the volume is lower when its taken out of the package . I cant believe Fischer Price couldnt take the time to write that on the OUTSIDE OF THE package . My son can barely hear it and its really not worth the money.One good thing did come out of this , I wrote a complaint letter to Fischer Price and they sent me a check to use towards another toy in the amount I paid for the elmo phone .
 I loved this toy until I pulled the clear tab out . Once you pull the tab out , you can not hear the toy at all . A waste of money .
 My 1 year-old daughter loved this phone at the store mostly because of Elmo 's voice . Unfortunately , after removing the store demo tab -LRB- as instructed -RRB- , she could no longer hear Elmo even in the relative quiet of our home . The package said this was to protect the child 's hearing , but it rendered the phone useless . It was otherwise a good design . We got another flip phone -LRB- without Elmo -RRB- and my daughter -LRB- now 18 months -RRB- carries it in her purse and plays with it all the time .
 My wife was so happy that she purchased this for my one year old but I have to say that this toy is a BIG Disappointment . First of all we love Fisher Price toys buy the suits who made the call on the volume obviously did not spend enough time evaluating this toy with their own kids -LRB- That is , if they have any at all -RRB- . Christmas morning Santa put this under our tree but to our disappointment the volume dropped by 80 % compared to the original volume in the packaging . Remove the wire holding this toy and SURPRISE ! You have a toy phone that can only be heard if you listen very carefully . Whisper and you are now talking louder than this phone . Again , we love Fisher Price toys but this one should have never gone into production if the intent was to pull the BAIT and Switch on parents . I say this because if you look on the box it mentions NOTHING about a volume change until you open it and read the instructions . I feel that the way this toy is packaged is misleading because once you fall in love with it and take it home your child you then have the disappointment of having to take it away from your child and return it for a refund . STAY AWAY from this one . It 's just a waste of time . In the end we had to take this back for a Santa Credit . This was one of only two toys my daughter received for her first Christmas . Merry Christmas now return it ... very bad example for my daughters first Christmas . Shame on you Fisher Price , Shame on me for being fooled by this one , but especially shame on YOU if you buy this .
 This toy looks absolutely awesome and was so cute when my son received it . We wanted to surprise him with it so we took it out of the box and we never got the response we wanted . HE COULD N'T HEAR IT !! Neither could we . All of a sudden the volume was almost completely shut off . Rediculous . There should be a volume control on this thing . I 'll pay the extra five bucks . I hope the maker of this toy is reading the reviews . Fix the volume !!! Waste of money now because now my son is n't even interested in it . Which seems to be the case with most of you who have also had this same problem . The toy should be recalled for those who own it . I encourage all of you who have had this problem to call the company . If enough complaints come in , hopefully someone will do something .
 At the store this phone seemed cute and enjoyable for the kids , once we got home and took it out of the package , there was a tab to pull which dropped the volume to almost nothing , which makes it much too difficult for the kids to hear .
 My daughter received this phone for her 2nd birthday and the packaging was thrown away with all of the other birthday mess . When she went to play with it the next day , we could barely hear it , and she got frustrated . Thinking this one was broken , my husband bought another one and it was n't until we opened it up did we find the disclosure statement letting parents know that the volume was greatly lower once packaging was removed - boy , they were n't kidding . It is so low that if the television is on , we ca n't hear the toy , once again frustrating my daughter . I admit that some toys are too loud , but this is rediculious . I plan on calling the manufacturer and complaining . Do n't waste your money !
 I understand that the volume being too loud can hurt your baby 's ears , but you ca n't even hear this thing . It 's totally ridiculous . I was so mad after I spent 15 minutes pulling out all of the ridiculous wires to get it out of the package , and then pulled the tab , and at first I thought the thing was broken , because you ca n't even hear it . I guess there 's too many sue-happy people in America , so the toy manufacturers need to be overly cautious .
 This is the worst toy phone that I have ever seen ! I bought it for my sons 1st birthday and he loved it until we unrapped it and took the tag out of the back , then it was so quiet that he couldnt hear it and wouldnt play with it anymore ! So I returned it . They shouldnt make it seem like it is going to be so loud , they should let people hear how loud it really is before they purchase it .
 This toy seemed great in the store but when we got it home and removed the plastic strip , as many reviewers before me have written , you can barely hear it . My husband stuck a small piece of the plastic back into the phone to return it to the original volume but this is not something you should have to do . I ca n't imagine why fisher price would make a toy with a volume so low . I have been unhappy with many fisher price products before so I will just add this to the list .
 Our son got this as a first birthday gift and loved it until we took it out of the box . I had read that removing the plastic strip would reduce the volume , which is a good idea BUT ... Not so you can barely hear it !! Why could n't they just put a high/low volume switch like some other toys have ? Also the flip phone part pinched his fingers . We know two other families that have this phone and dislike it as well !!
 My one year son recieved this phone as a gift . It was for about the first week . Good sound , and colors . But it stopped working after he dropped it on the kitchen floor .
 I saw this toy and my 12 month old loved it in the store , one of his favorite past times is trying to play with the Cordless at home . However , once removed from the box , the volume was so low he lost interest within minutes . There should be a warning on the box . For those babies who just enjoy pressing the buttons , instead of talking into the phone , the decreased volume makes the toy worthless . I did as in other reviews and rigged it .
 The fact that the volume is barely audible when you take it out of the package is so ridiculous !!!! Do n't waste your time and money !
 I too bought this phone , and when I took the packaging off , the volume was barely audible ! the instructions inside said that was not an error , that is how it is supposed to be . Well then maybe they should n't have it so the volume is so loud when it is in the packaging ! Obviously , you need the volume up to sell the damn toy , why turn it down ? My daughter rarely plays with this phone . I would n't recommend it , if not solely for the false advertising !
 I think this toy is dangerous and should be recalled . It is entertaining and easy to assemble however the train is propelled by wheels that do not stop automatically if something gets caught in them . The manufacturer is aware of this - there is a warning embossed on the train stating that hair could become caught . This is an inadequate warning ! First , since it is embossed rather than printed it is barely visible . I saw it only AFTER my son the skin of his hand caught there . My hand was also pinched when I examined the train , trying to figure out what had happened to him . In addition , the bottom edges of the pieces that form the carnival rides have some very sharp corners . I picked up one piece and it was so sharp I thought at first it must have been broken - it was n't . The box states that adult assembly is required , however , the rides do n't snap tightly to the base . After I put the set together , my children picked up the figures to play with them . If the figures are bumped they fall off A small child is sure to play with them and could easily be injured by one of these sharp edges . Finally , the toy is not only dangerous , it does n't work very well . The wooden pieces that form the tracks for the train are warped and do not fit together well . The train gets stuck or veers off the track onto the floor - which means that a toddler is sure to pick up the train and risk having his hand pinched . I am very disappointed and will never feel comfortable having my boys play with this toy .
 This is so bad I do n't know what to say . The box says 24 months . My 4 year old ca n't put it together . It pictures it on a carpet do n't even try it . We have had it on the table , concret floor , plywood and wood floor . Hard to get even so the train runs . Stops at every bump which is at every piece , then when we finally got it to run around the track with out stopping or shooting off the track it would only partially do it 's thing at the stops , Usually it would stop but not stop to let the characters off . I 'd buy something else .
 My daughter got her skin caught in the wheels on the bottom of the train ! I wanted to see how so i put my finger there . Basically the little wheels go around so fast they will suck your skin , hair or whatever else is there into them . IT HURTS ! Bad toy , should be recalled !
 I need a zero star option !! I bought this for my daughter last December on her 2nd birthday and it has been a hit . However , today she was playing with it and put it on her arm and one of the wheels pinched her skin right up into the toy and it would not come off . SHe came to me screaming with the train stuck on her arm . She actually yanked it off before I could turn it off and it left a bruise and a small cut . I will call Fisher Price on Monday and report this problem .
 This has to be one of the worst pieces of junk you could buy . My son recieved this `` toy '' for christmas . Big waste of money . All the `` wooden '' pieces were warped . When connecting any two pieces together the grooves the train runs along do not align . We have tried putting the tracks on the bare floor , table top , and carpet . Nothing works ! The train does not stay in the track or gets stuck going from one track piece to another . Very surprised Disney and Fisher Price would put their names on this piece of junk .
 I feel like this item is misleading . This gigantic octopus is less than 5 '' x 3 '' . It looks like something i could of bought from walmart for $ 2 max . Ripoff .
 While this toy is all right , it 's freaking tiny . It fits in the palm of your hand and just overflows a bit . Not hardly the `` giant '' toy I was expecting . Really , really small .
 We bought this trike for our 18 month old , even with the seat in the highest position , she still appears too tall for it . The wheels do not roll well at all . Most of the time she ends up just carrying it around the house or getting frustrated because it will not roll . Definitely a waste of money !!!!
 Purchased this on March 11 , 2006 . First time on the rider my grandson cut his foot on the edge of the frame . Although my grandson enjoyed it , he pushed it away because of the repeated catching of his foot on the frame . he will have nothing to do with it today and points to his foot . I am not sure if it is design or production , but riding around the house should not be so hazardous to our 2 yo grandson .
 I was just about to purchase this since it said it was award winning , when I decided to check the reviews ! Thank God I did ! More than one review that says it cuts the childrens heels is enough for me !!! To the lady who says the mothers of these children are crazy ???? Maybe if it happened to your child you 'd feel differently ! Have some compassion ! Maybe your child does n't ride it as forcefully as the others ! Any area sharp enough to slice through skin should be a major concern on any toy !
 OK , we got this for our son when he was 18 months old and it was way too high for him to ride -LRB- even on the lowest setting -RRB- . He 's now 2 and his feet still are n't reaching the floor . How annoying . And friends of mine have this and have the same problem . So , it just sits there most of the time .
 I wish I had read the reviews before spending the money . The back tire is too big and my 20 mos . old gets her foot caught on it . Basically , the only good thing about this trike is the things inside that move . My daugher sits on it just to watch that but does n't ride . Do n't waste your money ... would not recommend .
 My daughter received this ride-on for her 1st birthday . A year later , it 's lost both of its handle bars and the whirly function does n't work -LRB- even with new batteries -RRB- . It was a difficult ride-on to manuever . The Little Tykes `` Push and Ride Racer '' is a much better alternative . It has lasted through all three of my kids hardest play . It 's lots of fun and easy to ride too .
 My daughter is 18 months and wanted to be like her big brother and have a trike , but she could n't reach the pedals . We thought this would be a wonderful alternative . She hates it !!! It is hard to make it go anywhere , and she gets frustrated and gets off within a couple of minutes . Hoping to find a trike that has pedals and where she can reach them .
 I have had two of these because I thought they were so cute . The handle bars broke off of the first one after about a year . I thought it was defective or maybe my daughter put too much weight on it . I bought another one and the same thing happened right away . I DO NOT RECOMMEND this product .
 My 1.5 year old only had this toy for one week when the handle broke off completely . It was sharp where it broke off , and we would consider that dangerous to a 1.5 year old . Very disappointing .
 My little boy loved this until the handle bars broke off . It is not strong enough to support the weight when child id getting on and off .
 We got this for my daughter when she was 18 months . When she tries to push herself forward , her heels hit the back wheel , and she ca n't go anywhere . It might as well not have wheels .
 my son recieved this as a christimas gift . It was broken within a week and he was only 14 months old . I thought it looked really fun and he did enjoy it for the short time he was able to play with it . do not waste your money it is not worth all the tears that come with it .
 This is not a very good choice for your child . First of all it is not sturdy and is poorly constructed . It is cheaply made which really surprised me as I love Little Tykes stuff ! I bought 2 of these for my twins 1st B day and ended up returning them both after opening one and putting it together .
 My son got this for his 1st birthday and enjoyed it for a while . He would sit on it , but it does n't roll well . He mostly pushed it around like a walker or stood on it . The complaint people have about the confetti stopping and having to shake the toy is funny though . It sapposed to stop if the bike does n't move to save batteries . When it goes again , the confetti starts up . I just wish he had gotten something more entertaining .
 My daughter just turned one , and she got a lot of gifts for her birthday . This one is by far her least favorite . I doubt I will experience the `` breaking handle '' situation that other reviewers talk about as my daughter wo n't stay on the rider for more than a few seconds before she completely loses interest . I think we 're going to give it away . We 're counting it as a loss and will probably purchase something else .
 We bought this for our 14 mo. old for Christmas 2003 . He is a very active little boy , and it took only a couple of months for him to break the handle bars off . Remember - this is an average sized 16 mo. old boy , not a sumo wrestler . I would n't recommend this toy to anyone . It was a waste of our money .
 We purchased this toy for my daugther when she was 15 months old , she is now 20 months old and has played with it maybe once or twice . She 's not even interested in the confetti that spins around .
 My son had a lot of trouble turning this bike . We had to throw it out because the handle bar broke off . Glitter part broke right away . Just not a durable toy .
 I have two daughters and they each bought this toy for their children . They both loved it . My one year old granddaughter had this trike for 3 months before both handles broke off leaving sharp edges . My one year old grandson had the toy for 1 month before one of the handles broke of leaving sharp edges . These children were only trying to ride the trike and were not hard it . I have tried to contact the Little Tike Company about this and have received no response . We threw the toys away and consider them a loss since Little Tikes apparently is not going to do anything to rectify the problem . I have bought many Little Tikes toys for my grandchildren , but I am very disappointed in this one and even more disappointed that the company refuses to acknowledge the problem . Leave this toy on the shelf ; it is not only inferior in quality it is also dangerous because of the sharp edges the broken handles leave .
 My daughter is 15 months old . Every time she tries to push off to move the bike forward her heels get caught on the back of the bike and it slices her heel open . It was horrible ! Please DO NOT buy this toy for your child !
 The bike was okay for about an hour ... the twirly thing was messing up and the pieces were already sticking . The bike does not roll across the floor well , and it does n't turn well . Save your money , DO NOT BUY THIS .
 WE BOUGHT THIS FOR OUR 18 MONTH OLD GRANDCHILD AND SHE HAS NOT ENJOYED IT AT ALL . THE CUTEST THING ABOUT IS THE WHIRLY THINGS IN THE DOME BUT IT IS HARD TO MANUEVER SO SHE BASICALLY JUST LEAVES IT ALONE . WASTED MONEY ! WISH WE HAD GOTTEN HER SOMETHING ELSE !
 This thing is horribly designed , for several reasons.For one , this thing is way too small . There are only two settings for size . At just under 2 years old , my son is already almost too tall for the highest setting.Secondly , because the two wheels are in front and they 're not far enough apart or close enough together , there 's nowhere for the child 's feet to go to propel themselves forward or walk with it , so their feet hit the wheels.Third , the wheels do n't turn very well at all on any kind of surface , since they 're smooth and have no traction , so the toy just slides around on the floor , and the front does n't steer well at all either.Fourth , the only entertaining part of this toy is the flying confetti in the bubble on the front . All my son does is sit there and watch it spin , and then when it stops , he moves it slightly to make it start again . Not educational , and not very fun at all . I do n't want a riding toy for my son that is too distracting to actually be ridden.Fifth -- OMG ! I just turned around to see why my son seemed to be getting frustrated , and the back wheel had just come off ! And yes , I put it together properly and hammered the end caps on as hard as they would allow.Yeah , this thing is a piece of garbage . Do n't waste your time and money on it . Get the Rock , Roll & Ride Trike instead , it 's much more fun .
 We purchased this for our daughter when she was about 18 mos old . Though excited at first , she quickly became frustrated as it was hard to steer and tipped over easily . The spinning thing in the center would quit working with new batteries -LRB- changing them can be a hassle because of the design -RRB- and the only way we could get it going again was to shake the bike . It was n't long until she just quit playing with altogether and we eventually gave it away . For a toy by Little Tykes this was a disappointment as we 've never had a problem with any of the other toys we 've gotten from this brand . The only reason it gets 2 stars for durability is because the handles never popped off on ours as it has done with other reviewers . QA must 've been on vacation when this was rolled out .
 For my daughter first birthday , I debated purchasing Little Tikes ride-on or one from Radio Flyer . I chose LT because I like the idea that you can adjust the height and it looked sturdy . It was the wrong decision . My daughter is above average in height and while on it her feet did not reach the ground . Now at 19 months , she still barely able to reach the ground . It is also very difficult to manuever . The wheels do not glide well outdoors and the steering is limited and clumsy . All in all , I 'm not happy with my purchase and plan to purchase the little trike from Radio Flyer .
 We have had the bike for about 5 months and my 18 month old daughter was just able to ride the thing even at the lowest setting because it was too tall for her . Finally when she CAN ride it one of the handle bars popped off and we had to throw it away due to the danger of her flipping over . I could not believe the handle popped off when it is a Little Tikes toy , I thought they were durable !!!!! So disappointed !!
 My daughter was on her Go and Grow Rider when the two front wheels locked up and she went face first on to the ground . I do not know why the wheels locked up , but my little girl has not been on it since .
 MY SON RECEIVED THIS GIFT FOR XMAS AND WHEN HE TRIED TO GET OFF OF IT , THE BIKE SHAVED THE SKIN OF HIS RIGHT HEEL . HE HAD A DEEP CUT THAT TOOK 3 WKS TO HEAL AND HE NOW HAS A SCAR . I WILL STICK WITH FISHER-PRICE .
 My 12 month old son got this toy as a gift , one day he was sitting on it and I heard a snap , he somehow snapped off one side of the handle bar 's . I could not believe my young son could be capable of that .
 My son is in love with this bike . He wants to take it everywhere he goes . I like that it is made of plastic because it does not damage things around the house . But after less than a year , the handle broke off and nothing -LRB- glue and other -RRB- could repair it . I also agree about the heels getting caught under a sharp edge . Also not stable if the child is backing up .
 VERY small and VERY boring . Was hard for my 11 month old to use because you have to push very hard for the toy to light up . It is very small . It did n't capture my daughters eye or keep her amused at ALL !
 Damage when it came , kids was n't happy at all . Please Do n't buy it at all its a waste of money .
 These wood blocks are great for stacking and my child loves pulling the wagon around . However , after about 6 wks of use the paint has begun flecking off in large amounts . I find paint chips all over my child 's hands and clothes , other toys , furniture , etc. . The paint also makes streaks on any hard surface the blocks contact - floors , tables , books , etc. . Amazon only has a 4 wk return policy for these , so by the time you experience how cheaply made they are , it is too late to return . I have until now been a huge fan of Amazon and purchaser of their products . However , after this experience I will no longer purchase children 's items from then and will think twice about other products as well . But , definitely do not buy children 's toys from Amazon . I will in future buy my child 's toys from companies such as fat brain toys , who stand behind their products and accept returns of these poorly made toys . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My son loves to stack these blocks and sort by color . At a younger age -LRB- 2yrs -RRB- he just liked pulling the wagon around the room . Now he identifies the picture and letters.The drawback is that the edges are not rounded . If you are one of those people that clean up after each use then this may not be an issue . In my house they became little landmines across our living room . At a random moment my husband or I would step on them with bare feet and curse my mother for giving us the blocks . They are incredibly painful ! Someone else mentioned their child being cut by them . That was not the case for us but I could see how they would be too sharp for a teether who may try to gum down on them.I would recommend looking elsewhere for building blocks .
 The corners of the blocks are very sharp . Dangerous for kids . I returned it immediately . Buy it if you want to see your kid 's face covered with lots of cuts .
 I bought this set for my grandson thinking it would like the ones my own children played with but was very disappointed when they arrived . Each block is so small ... half the original size they used to be , that my grandson ; a toddler , had a hard time stacking and playing with them . TSK@@@!!! Too bad . They are certainly cute and are replicas of the alphabet blocks we used to have , but way too small for little hands to play with . I put them away for when he is older and can better manipulate such small blocks . Right now , i am on the search for those same-sized blocks i was looking for originally .
 I 'm so very disappointed in this item . I thought the blocks would be much bigger . The blocks are so small , I was afraid my granddaughter would put them in her mouth . I did not even unwrap the item . The block size is right at 1 '' ... DO YOU KNOW HOW SMALL 1 INCH IS ??? Melissa & Doug should be ashamed of themselves for putting this item on the market . The blocks SHOULD BE TWICE THE SIZE FOR SAFETY alone . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . IT 'S NOT A SAFE TOY .
 I ordered this toy for my grandaughter because it is advertised as `` Classie ABC Block Cart '' My children had a block wagon and I was expecting something similar . This toy is haft the size of the original block set sold in the 70 's . The wheels are plastic . The blocks are very small and could be a chocking hazard . This toy is going back tomorrow , unopened .
 I agree with some of the other low reviews that the blocks are very small , The set we purchased did not have any sharp edges so I 'm not concerned about any injuries from cuts or scratches.My advice is to check the age for this product , it 's listed as 3 + which might be appropriate . We bought these for our one year old , and we have to put them away for a while because they are too small for her . I think she will enjoy them when she is a bit older . In the mean time I will look for a larger set of blocks.Just make sure you pay attention to what you are buying .
 I looked at just about every other `` Melissa & Doug ; '' ABC block set before buying this one . WAS I WRONG ON THIS CHOICE ! Guess I found out why this one is the ONLY one that does n't list block size - it 's because no one would buy it if they did.I purchased this one as a gift , mainly due to the `` cart '' / pull string . . I suppose if I had taken the product width & divided it by the # / blocks in the pic ... yeah , you get the idea.I definately would NOT have picked this one had they lised the block size . -LRB- And if I had n't had it direct shipped to meet me out of state , would have returned it & bought a different one . -RRB-
 Shame on Doug & Melissa ! Stop making junk in China for our kids ! If you can afford such a wonderous mansion you can afford to have the toys made in the U.S. by American citizens with American materials for American kids !
 This product is much smaller than I expected . I have purchased other Melissa and Doug products and have been very happy with their products but not this time . I was very disappointed , I 'm not giving the gift as intended . Amazon was very accomodating regarding the return but I 'm still out a toy ...
 I need you to know that the package has no bulbs so the first project itself is not possible as also the two top slots on the LHS rae vacant though you donot mention any code numbers so they may be meant to be empty only . BUT THE BULBS ARE NOT IN THE SLOT WHICH MENTIONS THE BULBS ??? PLEASE SEND ME THE BULBS IMMEDIATELY !!
 Normally we love Bratz . This however was awful . First her leg broke getting it out of the NASA style packaging . So OK fine we 'll get another doll and use the accessories . Not . The mic is attached so no trading out her clothes . The platform shes supposed to spin on does n't work . She falls off . And the best feature ? The FM transmitter sounds like its two stations off . It sounds horrible . This Bratz doll was a complete flop .
 I bought this doll for my daughter because Jade was the only one she was missing . I was so not impressed . First of all she is supposed to spin on her little platform ... does n't falls off . The little ear piece/microphone for the child falls out of her ear . She has some type of stick in her hand which does n't come out so you ca n't change her clothes like the other dolls . My daughter does n't play with her like she does the other ones . I bought this doll for a steal -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- compared to the other prices I have seen so I ca n't complain .
 There are four dinosaurs with multiple parts and you snap them together in different ways . My son -LRB- age 3.5 -RRB- played with it for about 10 minutes and then moved onto something else and has n't played with it again . I guess if we had lots of sets it might be more fun but at $ 20 a set , there are plenty of other toys that I would purchase instead of this one . And , unless you use the correct pieces , the dinosaurs do n't stand up well , which does n't lend itself to much pretend play . The toy looks pretty dinky for the price . Our older child also was not interested in this toy , so I do n't think it was an age issue .
 I seriously hope I missed something here , or I misplaced the instructions , but the box was opened and the leg fell off as soon as the plastic surrounding hte figure was removed . I 've tried to pop it back in but it seems like the leg was never meant to be attached . I 'm very displeased . I 've never had a problem like this with one of McFarlane 's toys before .
 I gave this toy two stars for fun because there is not a lot of body parts that can move , but I have a big imagination , so I thought it was really fun . I gave it three stars for durability because no parts on my action figure broke , but a lot of people are telling me how the arm broke off or the leg broke off . I definitely do n't think it 's educational because Spawn is n't exactly the best role model or even superhero , since he kills a lot of people and stuff like that . Although this does n't have to do with the toy , just so you know , the Spawn comics are NOT for kids .
 Yes this toy does look cool , but I have to give it a low rating because it is basically an older Spawn toy , but they added a red cape . Take a look at Spawn VI -LRB- 6 -RRB- from last year , its the same thing .
 Normally , Safari toys are great . And these insect figurines look really good . But , these insects have a very strong chemical odor . My wife and I tried to wash them , but the smell will not come off . I am guessing that the smell comes from adhesives used to attach the wings on the winged insects . Something that smells this bad -LRB- it actually made me and my wife dizzy/nauseated -RRB- ca n't be good for young children .
 These insects were ok . I would n't buy another set of these . The smaller ones looked cheap . The butterflies was the best quality of them all .
 While a good idea , the truck is poorly made . The truck pieces that hook together fall apart whenever my 4-yr . old son tries to roll it across the floor , and he ends up very frustrated . I ordered a replacement for it , thinking we just had a defective one , but the new one has the exact same problems . You 're better off spending your money on something else .
 This dog collection is much smaller in size than I expected . There are other plastic dog collections out there that offer a figure size a bit bigger with more attention to detail on each dog . Not worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I bought this product expecting quality as shown in the picture and as compared to Magnetix , but I was very dissapointed when it arrived . The packaging is not appealing and the piecing were of very poor quality and did not measure up to magnetix . I thought I was getting a better deal , more pieces for less . I ended up returning the item and would have been better off buying the magnetix brand .
 So I looked at the pictures and read the reviews . They seemed okay so I ordered it . I just got it in the mail and was disappointed to find that it does n't look at all like the one in the picture . It is more of a fan-made reproduction . I 'm debating whether or not I want to send it back . I paid good money for what was in the picture not a replica .
 Product does not look like the pictured one even the stiching patern looks different . No keyring chain as pictured , and mouth depth is only about half the bodies lengh , eyeballs are fabric made and attach ed with silicone hot glue , mine still came with threads of glue hanging from eye to eye and the biggest fabric flaw was the body fabric quality so much you can see though it , oh and no naruto tag to indicate legitimate item
 i ordered it because I saw the product picture and it looks fine and it matches my taste . When the package arrived , it was such a disappointment ; it doesnt come with the tag and it looks completely different from what I saw . It is rather a fan made coin purse . If you want to buy one that looks like the one with the tag , go to other sites for it . This is a SCAM .
 This modeling clay is wonderful if you want to dye your hands whatever color you are using . I was very disappointed in the quality of it in that regard . You literally had to wash your hands inbetween colors because the dye would go from your hands to the next color . I would n't purchase it .
 Superman is foam with a hard plastic head and post thru the body . My son had this for 2 days when the foam split apart . It is also not that easy to launch for a child . Do n't waste your money .
 This toy wo n't last long in the hands of an active child ; dose n't launch very well .
 I bought 2 pair and the light did not work on one pair at all and the light only worked on the other pair initially then stopped working as soon as the mask got wet -LRB- and never worked again -RRB- . Very disappointing because they sounded like a lot of fun .
 Toy requires a little rubber `` O '' ring for each of the battery tubes to keep water out . One of the `` O '' rings is missing from the tube ...
 Too bad.The swim mask looks cool , and we succesfully got the batteries into one side . That side lights up . The other side -- the screws stripped immediately , so the cover plate can not be removed , and batteries can not be inserted.So we tried it with only one side lit , and on the first use , the strap split apart . Toy is unusable . I retrieved the batteries from the first side and tossed the toy.Not recommended .
 Son bought these for himself and very disapointing . Ca n't see good at all under the water . Waste of money .
 My five year old loves Superman and got this for his birthday . After about two minutes it was spread all over the house and in my youngest son 's hair . It took 1/2 an hour in the tub and 10 minutes to comb the stuff out of my son 's hair . It is even extremely difficult to get off of your hands . It was a mess and I ca n't see why this is marketed to ages 4 + .
 That said , it is a bunch of fun . Ours did n't drip as indicated in the review below , but it did dry out quickly and become hardened even after storage in the container . It is fun to use but the price here is atrocious . We got ours for two dollars at our local krogres store . That 's all I 'd pay for it too !
 Less fun than Play-Doh and harder to clean . There 's not a single positive thing to say about this toy other than it is quickly running out of stock . Do n't get sucked in by the savings offers , this toy is a sticky , slimy mess that adheres to what you do n't want and stains and sticks to stuff you 'll spend hours trying to clean.Trust me , stay away from Krazy Kryptonite .
 Look cool , but the hiem joints do n't have enough material to hold on to after the steering is adjusted . They strip out as soon as you hit the first pot hole . I had to use stock hiems to get them to work and when I did that the cross tubes started to bend . I have never bought anything from this manufacture that actualy works . If your looking to just put your modle on the shelf , then by all means , but if your trying to up grade , you should look around a little more .
 I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE BALSA WOOD WHICH WAS A VERY LOW GRADE , SOFT AND HARD TO CUT . SECOND THE DESIGN WAS VERY POOR , BODY PARTS THAT WAS IN TWO SECTIONS COULD HAVE BEEN MADE IN ONE PIECE WHICH WOULD HAVE MADE IT MUCH STRONGER , THE PARTS WHERE CUT IN A VERY GOOD SECTIONS .
 Normally I confine myself to reviewing classical music but this fun but frustrating product has inspired me to branch out . I bought this for my young son and he enjoyed it quite a lot . That enjoyment however was short-lived . The contacts where the little cars get their juice from the track wear quickly due to friction and there are only a couple of replacement parts included in this package . If you order a separate ` tune-up kit ' which you can order from a different vendor over the internet you get only TWO contacts which quickly wear out . This ordering of parts is not cheap and the track was already fairly expensive . Of course you can also order the cars which average twenty dollars each . Oh and watch out for the track . If you damage it you are out of luck since no back-up track is included and ordering it costs additional money . Before you know it one of two things has happened!Either -- you have a track that does n't work -- or - you have an open-ended and perhaps never ending new expense . Perhaps if you are lucky your kid wo n't like the track and thus will not be dissappointed when those super-fast cars grind to a skittering halt.This was initially fun - quite fun - but now my son -LRB- and by extension myself -RRB- is dissappointed .
 BRAND NEW TOY AND IT WAS BROKE . THEY SHOULD HAVE TESTED IT BEFORE SENDING TO ME . ONCE IT GOT TO ME I HAD TO PUT NEW BATTERIES IN IT BECAUSE IT DID NOT WORK AND THAT WAS NOT THE ANSWER . SO I SENT IT BACK AND HAD TO PAY FOR RETURN SHIPPING . THAT REALLY SUCKED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY SCREWED UP AND I HAD TO PAY FOR IT .
 My daughter begged for this toy every time it came on t.v. or we saw it in the store . The only reason I bought it was because Amazon had it for only $ 10 . I knew it would be a dumb toy and I was right . The `` make-up '' spray did n't work and I was afraid of the mess . I threw it out with the make up and let my daughter keep the doll . She ended up disappointed in the make-up but understood why it had to go . I do not recommend this to anybody .
 It 's an okay toy overall . It does n't make noise and the mirror is tiny on it . He will not put this toy in his mouth even though he is teething . My child likes Freddie the firefly Lamaze toy a LOT MORE .
 I bought this used , figuring it would be cheap and alright just for fun and to learn solving a rubik 's cube for the first time . Boy was that a bad decision . When I received it , the stickers were already coming off as soon as I took it out of the box and there was dirt or something sticky all over it . When I tried turning the sides , it only wanted to turn one way , barely , and you about had to break it to turn it the other way , which just made the stickers come off even more . And it does that for every side . If you just want it for a cheap toy to look at , maybe for a kid , and not use it to actually solve the rubik 's cube , I guess it 's alright , if kind of expensive . But do n't waste your money on this , I regret not just buying an actual rubik 's cube . I was very disappointed with this product . I should of listened to the other reviews , instead of buying it for the price , because I just ended up wasting my money in the end .
 This is the worst ! I am warning you , the work rubik cube out there in the market . I ordered one it was a total piece of junk , it broke the same day just by a single twist . Do n't waste your money get an original Rubik Cube .
 but its instructions were in Japanese . I know the basic rules of Rummy Cube , bat I wanted to read any variations and techniques that they had to tell .
 I do n't think that my expectations were too high . It was a Christmas gift for my sister-in-law , who loves Lucy . We played it after she opened it , and I found myself wishing the game was over . It was embarrassing how terribly boring it was .
 I thought this game was something different . If you are a true hard core I Love Lucy fan do n't bother . The questions are like &#34; What color is Lucies hair ? &#34; Really ? Spend you money else where . We opened it and sold it at a garage sale the next month for 3 bucks .
 The Danny Dinosaur that was shipped to me was nothing like the product described above . He did n't resemble the picture and looked very cheap . This one played 4 songs - all of which were associated with 4 different shapes that were on the back of his head . The horns made no sounds . I have a son so I thought that the Godzilla roar would be really fun for him . My version did n't have that ! Only the 4 songs that really were n't that cute . This was to be a Christmas gift so I a really disappointed ...
 I read all of the reviews and picked this product very carefully . My neighbor and I spent hours over a period of evenings putting it together.Went to fill it with water -LRB- fortunately not sand -RRB- , and ended up with a lovely fountain . There were two holes in the base , clearly leftover from the manufacturing process . I 've invested my money , time and muscle in a new basketball hoop and have nothing to show for it . Lifetime has offered to replace the base . So my only options at this point ALL involve having to assemble another basketball hoop.This was all after having to wait on delivery of a missing part already.I bought the product because of such wonderful reviews of Lifetime . Do n't be fooled as I was .
 The basketball hoop is promoted as manufactured in the US . Actually most of the hardware is made in China . Two bolts came with a thread that was not long enough and I had to call to get replacement parts . After I received the parts I continued to assemble the hoop and discovered then that two washers were missing to complete the assembly . As I was fed up with waiting , I went to Home Depot to buy the washers . After a week of asembly -LRB- and my children waiting to play -RRB- , I have a sturdy , nice looking hoop but the assembly experience was frustrating . I think that Lifetime should do more quality control .
 It 's an okay toy overall . It does n't make noise and the mirror is tiny on it . He will not put this toy in his mouth even though he is teething . My child likes Freddie the firefly Lamaze toy a LOT MORE .
 For the price -LRB- $ 80 -RRB- I expected much better sound . Should spend a little more and get a Shoenhut or for $ 10 you could get a toy piano that sounds better than this one . Very tinny sound , completely out of tune -LRB- why do they bother even assigning a note to the keys ? -RRB- , and lid is attached with screws AND glue so the only way to get to the metal rods to attempt to tune it , even after the screws are removed , will be to crack the wood casing getting past the glue .
 Bought a similar pink version of this grand piano for my daughter 's 3rd birthday . The piano was defective right out of the box , 4 keys has no sound to it , some of the strikers are stuck in the `` up '' position.The piano promptly went back to the store and we 'll be shopping for another brand .
 I bought this piano for my 15 month old daughter for Christmas 2008 . My sister first noticed that the keys were not lined up straight . It was very easy to put together , but the sound and quality were horrible . We could hardly press the keys down to hear anything . I boxed it back up and returned it asap ! Do n't waste your time or money on getting this product . I just bought a new schoenhut piano and hopefully this will be of better quality and sound .
 I got this inflatable pool as a gift for my niece , to use as a ball pit . It worked great for about 2 weeks , before it cracked and deflated . I was embarassed ! Such poor quality .
 This pools top ring never stayed inflated beyond the first day of use . We used it till the end of summer just inflating the bottom two rings .
 My daughter bought this doll with her Christmas money and was so anxious to start playing on Be-Bratz . com . The doll comes with a `` key '' that you plug into your PC 's USB port , and then you should be connected directly to the web site to register . My PC -LRB- which has ALL of the recommended requirements noted on the package -RRB- recognized the key , but each time it attempted to connect to the registration site , I received an error . I tried using the key on TWO different PC 's with XP , and I received the same error on both . I even tried to reach the page directly using the URL in the `` Just in case '' text file ... same error . I sent emails to both Be-Bratz . com and MGA -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- . Be-Bratz just sent an automated email that contained all the information I 'd already read in their FAQ , and MGA never responded . I was able to locate a phone number for MGA , but I received a busy signal each time I called . And , I must point out , that the busy signal was received AFTER I had chosen the option for customer service . This is a big rude no-no in the customer service world . We unfortunately had to return the product , and my daughter was heart broken .
 This was the ONLY thing my daughter wanted for Christmas . We made her wait until Christmas to get it and she was soooo excited . AND THEN , IT DOES NOT WORK ! I found out after searching the web and spending HOURS trying to fix this that it is not even compatible with Vista . We have 3 computers that do not run VISTA and it will not work on ANY of them . This is the biggest waste of money I have ever seen ! I still do n't know how to explain this to my heartbroken daughter . Shame on you greedy manufacturer to disappoint SO MANY KIDS ON CHRISTMAS and not offer any solutions ! After watching my daughter cry for so long -LRB- she is mentally retarded and just does not understand -RRB- I will NEVER purchase any BRATZ products for any of my kids again !!!
 This product was ordered for my 8 year old daughter for Christmas . She has to be the biggest `` Bratz '' fan alive . She was completely disappointed that the `` online '' feature of the toy did not work . My husband is very computer savvy and he could n't even get it to function right . The doll itself was fine , just the online jazz was not very jazzy at all !!
 I purchased these much-desired dolls for my 2 daughters 2 Christmasses ago only to discover after a few plays online that they were VERY disappointed in the online interaction -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- compared to the other online toys they play with -LRB- WebKinz , BuildABear , Littlest Pet Shop , EPets , etc. . . -RRB- . I was very annoyed & angry that I had gotten them a toy -LRB- that was NOT cheap by any means ! -RRB- that they had so looked forward to and were so disappointed in.If your child just wants the doll for the doll itself , great . However , if she 's looking for the fun interactive play online , SKIP IT ! Get her/him a Webkinz or Build A Bear -LRB- GREAT site -RRB- instead !
 ... this website for the toy was overwhelmed on the holiday with people and the site crashed not allowing anyone access , this continued till well after the holiday and even though my daughter can get online now the excitement was totally ruined for her because she really wanted this and could not get online xmas day.You would think the manufacturers would have been prepared for a large amount of people accessing their website because this toy was one of the most asked for this year . I am disappointed that they allowed this to happen .
 Star Wars plus Transformers sounded like a good idea . My son recieved this for his Birthday and it literally fell apart in a half hour of playing with it . The legs come off , the arms come off , and it doesnt stay together well . I 'd advise against this one . Waste of money . He didnt even get an hour of enjoyment out of it
 With Christmas advancing upon us like impending doom , once again we jettison all those pesky thoughts of recycling , carbon footprints and being sensible with money out of our minds and begin the annual , increasingly grim farce that is Christmas . Yes , you too can line up in supermarkets with more food than you could hope to eat in a month -LRB- all for one day -RRB- whilst listening to `` Feed the World '' . You too can continue the pointless , hollow sham of sending Christmas cards to everyone you know for no reason at all . And yes , you too can continue the obscene tradition of spending more and more money on gifts , cursing yourself for giving into the hype - yet again - safe in the knowledge that you 'll be dancing to the same tune like a tinseled up automaton in 12 months time.So with that in mind , The Curmudgeon brings you all a seasonal warning ; if you 're buying gifts for kids , BE CAREFUL what you buy . In this day and age of information at our fingertips , there really is no excuse for buying bad toys . A quick Google search will give you all the advice on what to buy , as well as `` reviews '' from the usual idiots on Amazon who seem to think their opinions actually count for something , -LRB- your humble narrator obviously excluded -RRB- . But you just know some non-clued up granny or well meaning but dumb mother is going to shell out hard earned money to earn their child 's love , only to see little Timmy 's excited , hopeful face fall as they rip open that carefully wrapped parcel and discover what is , essentially , a steaming festive turd.We 're talking jigsaw puzzles of animals . We 're talking those creepy Marvel figures with the dopey smiling faces and glassy eyes . We 're talking bargain bin merchandise of movies no-one liked -LRB- The Mummy 3 action figures , anyone ? -RRB- And yes , we 're talking this atrocity - the Transformers version of Boba Fett.It 's quite a perverse skill , I suppose ; take two undoubtedly very cool things - Boba Fett and Transformers - and combine the two to make something so wretched it deserves to be placed on top of every crackling yuletide log under the fireplace . An obvious example of `` well , kids like Star Wars . And kids like Transformers . Is n't there a way we can combine the two ? '' Answer being - no . No you ca n't . Because , unlike adults , kids are n't stupid about this sort of thing . No kid in it 's right mind is going to accept the fact that BOBA FETT TRANSFORMS INTO HIS SPACE SHIP.Believe it or not , kids do n't just take thing with wheels and run them up the furniture making `` brrrrm '' noises . They create stories based on what they know and have seen on TV . And how the hell does a kid fathom out Boba Fett turning into his damn ship ?? I 'm not saying kids are all `` that 's not considered canon '' nerds -LRB- that comes later -RRB- but give them some credit.Taking two famous brands and forcing them together could , I suppose , work . If done well . With a little care and attention to detail , the merging of two vastly different entities could perhaps bring something new and exciting for kids to play with.But LOOK at the picture of Boba Fett here . Seriously , look at it . Is Boba pregnant ? Is he wearing a tracksuit ? Does he have Jabba 's lunch stuffed up his jacket ? And why does he have a hunchback ? One of the most iconic , cool characters in the entire Star Wars universe suddenly morphed into a spindly-armed blue and grey Sumo wrestler . Gee . . thanks Hasbro.Someone , somewhere , is buying this awful toy , and some kid , somewhere , is pretending to like it . Do n't let it be you .
 My son loves the Color Wonder line by Crayola , so when I saw that they came out with a new creation called Color Explosion , which is another marker-type of product , I knew I had to try it . Now , I wish I 'd saved my money.First off , you should know this product is not for preschoolers . Color Explosion is recommended for children 6-years and up . Now that I 've played with it , I concur . I came upon this product when arrangements were made to watch my 9 and 10-year old nieces for a week . I thought the Color Explosion would be a hit , and I planned to treat them with this `` art '' related project throughout the week . They were excited to try it , and once I settled Monkey Boy , my 5-year old , with a project of his own , we got started.At first glance , it looked to be a winner . The girls were having fun . Then , we started another page , and the markers became icky . Gummy is probably a better description . The markers were covered with a black film , which caused the images to look splotchy , and streaky . Crayola suggests you wipe the markers off with a paper towel , so we did . It kept happening . For instance , we 'd draw a short line , and then we 'd have to wipe the film off again . Then , we tried to wipe off the images with a paper towel . That did n't help either.Color Explosion is too painstaking for a child 's activity . We began to realize that it was n't a blast , but a bummer . Crayola warns against moisture , but even fingerprints will spear the pages , and the film comes off onto your hands , the table , and everything else . Oh , and if you use the glitter set , it clumps , and mixes with the film , and makes a liquidy black goo that stains fabrics . The company warns about staining , and suggests washing immediately , but come on . Did they even test market this product ? What I thought would be an entertaining venture , turned out to be a messy disappointment .
 My stepmom bought a set of these for each of my three kids ages 12 , 9 , and 6 . All I have to say is do not buy these !!!! My six year old did great on the first page but as the other reviewer said the film gets all over the markers . we even tried washing them off and it did no good . Also when my 6 year old was coloring he would rest his arm on the bottom of the page and when he would pick it up it would be covered in black . Bottom line about 30 minutes after they got them my kids arms and faces were COVERED in black smudges as were my hands somewhat just from holding their pictures to look at them . MESSY MESSY MESSY . My 12 year old finally just went and stuck one of the papers under running water and washed off all the black to see the neon underneath and this proved to be the least messy but least rewarding way to do it . Good idea bad execution . My kids who are crazy for any kind of arts and crafts HATED these things . Save your money and buy regular papers and markers and crayons .
 I bought this for my 9 year old daughter for Christmas . What a mistake , she even agrees with me . You must have a hard flat surface , no carpet . Also the dog walks one direction and the doll another , which causes them to fall over . My daughter was also disappointed that the dolls hand she holds the leash in you can only remove the wire not the handle to rhe leash . She actually asked me to return it , and this was the number 1 thing she asked for , for Christmas . She has never asked us to return anything before , we were shocked .
 If I could I would give this product zero stars . Every cent we spent on this product was a waste . My son just received 5 different Star Wars Transformers for his birthday -LRB- Darth Vader , Darth Maul , Obi Wan , Jango Fett , and the Han Solo/Chewbacca sets -RRB- . I am so tired of Hasbro selling cheap pieces of junk that do NOT hold together for 5 minutes . My son is beyond frustrated and I am tired of continually trying to put the things back together . We had this same problem last Christmas with Hasbro Star Wars figures . My child is not hard on his toys , but within 24 hours a couple of figures had already lost arms ! The thing that drives me nuts is that we still have the Kenner figures that belonged to my husband in the 70 's and early 80 's and they are still in perfect shape . Why ca n't Hasbro figure out how to copy those designs and create a quality product ?!? The bottom line is that they wo n't as long as consumers continue to buy this junk and not complain . I have contacted Hasbro customer service and I continually get the run-around . They simply seem to not care about the quality of these products .
 My Daughter Loves Strawberry Shortcake . She really wanted this Bookbag for her first day of 1st grade . It 's really cute , light weight and big enough to hold all of her books . It has padded shoulder straps and it has a compartment that zippers in the fron that has slots in it to put pencils , eraser , and other school supplies .
 I bought this for my son , who is almost 6 and he liked to pretend to fly it around . It is quite heavy for it 's size but one of the plastic pieces on the underside broke off . It looks great and comes with a stand . I 'd say it is suited more for a display piece and not a toy .
 It feels strong and is heavy - however , the stand is flimsy and broke almost right away . My son then dropped it and the nose broke off . I figured diecast would be strong enough for him to play with but it is not . Do not buy this if you or your child will want to play with it .
 ok here it goes it dont have no picture dont buy it . i bought it and wen it came it was a peice of belonie . literaly .
 It is good quality , but the sounds are light sensitive and my son keeps misplacing the pieces . Early on , when I would turn off the lights , I would hear the gerbil and I thought we had an infestation . Now , I am used to hearing all the animals complain every night when I turn out the lights .
 My 14 month-old was not very interested with wooden puzzles , so I thought adding noise to them would change that . Unfortunately , it took him about 25 minutes to figure out that all he had to do to was to step on the right piece of the puzzle to make the sound come out . He has since then stopped trying to place each piece in the puzzle and is not even amused by stepping on it any more . Overall , this toy lasted 3 days . The sounds are also very electronic -LRB- fake -RRB- and they will sound when you switch the lights on , when you step beside the cupboard where they have been stored , or for no apparent reason !
 This puzzle is constantly making noises on it 's own . I thought it was possessed or we had spirits communicating through the puzzle.I read the reviews after I bought the puzzle and it turns out this is happening to other people who have the puzzle . It also makes animals noises when you place the wrong piece over it so that teaches nothing . Sometimes it wo n't make the noises at all even if you touch the metal piece inside the picture .
 I was excited to get this toy for my toddler . My mother has a noise making puzzle and she loves it . However , the other puzzle makes sounds by closing a circuit , not by light sensors . She has quickly learned that she does n't have to do anything but smack at the puzzle tray to get the sounds to go off . Instead of teaching her how to do a puzzle and associate the sounds with the pictures she has just learned to beat on it . And , as other reviewers commented , because of the light sensors it can make random sounds all the time . As of now we still have all of the pieces , but when we lose one -LRB- which I 'm sure will happen . -RRB- then we will have problems . It is already annoying that when I walk past the puzzle during the day , and cast a shadow on it I am going to hear a random noise . However , the sounds are n't too loud or annoying . It was so close to being a great puzzle , but the light sensors have ruined it for me .
 We keep our puzzles in a basket and every time someone walks the sound goes off . Not a big deal during the day ... . but during nap time or in the middle of the night -LRB- when even one of our cats walks by -RRB- I cringe fearing `` ribbet , ribbet '' is going to wake up our toddler . And as I mentioned in the title , this puzzle is LOUD so you can hear it throughout the house ! Also , the kitten piece does n't sound like a meow at all and the parakeets `` squawk '' sounds closer to fingernails running down a chalkboard.I 'd be over it if this was one of his favorites . But our son does n't favor this particular puzzle over any other . The wood puzzle itself is of the same quality you 'd expect in a M&D ; product , so that is the only reason it gets two stars.Bottom line
 OMG . I love Melissa & Doug toys but something went terribly awry when they made this piece of junk . As other reviewers have noted , we also thought we had a mouse problem one night when we heard the mouse go off at2 am and our dog started barking . This thing makes noise constantly and has no on/off switch ... a NO for any sound producing toy in my book . I took the batteries out finally , but i still ca n't stand the toy bc the other problem
 We bought this toy for our 1,5 year old son a month or so ago . Do n't get me wrong - it 's a durable toy with a big potential but badly designed . I 'll skip a tin-like sounds - as far as I can see it has been already covered by other reviewers . Our problem with this toy - if you take a cat panel and cover dog 's niche - it would not fit -LRB- as it should be -RRB- , but it will still trigger photo-elements and it will start barking . So how you suppose to explain to the kid which animal makes what kind of sound in this case ? From the educational point of view - mediocre at least . Long story short - good idea , poor engineering . With a different design might be a good toy.Another `` good '' feature - when it gets dark in a house and this toy was left on a table with couple of figures not covered - prepare for a sudden barking or squeaking - darkening room triggers this toy .
 i bought this through amazon for my 1yr old daughters bday . the toy lasted all of one day . half of the animals will not make any sound when the piece is picked up . when sitting on a table , untouched and away from all movement , the toy randomly makes the animal noises . i would not recommend this product .
 The puzzles are pretty poor quality construction . Other wood puzzles are much more durable , this one is just a paper sticker over the top which peels and falls off with the slightest moisture . Apart from that , the sound quality is also very poor and it hard to discern some of the sounds .
 I bought this for my 4 year-old daughter who is obsessed with everything Magic School Bus as well as rainbows - seemed like a perfect combination . It was a disaster . Nothing worked well
 If you 're one of those parents who do n't care what it looks like , then buy it . It states various colors and styles but I did n't think the one that I ordered for my daughter would be so ugly . Even she does n't like it!Good luck with the draw !
 My kids got the bowl set for Christmas . They were looking forward to painting their own bowls and making some fun designs . The box states there are paints , a brush , two bowls , and instructions for baking your bowls . The kit included paints -LRB- more on that later -RRB- , two bowls , one brush , and no instructions . I searched the box inside and out and could n't find any information on the baking temperature or time for the bowls . Not to be stimied , I searched the web , nothing there either . Ok , I can live with that . What really got me was the paints . Several of them were hard like rocks . In fact , by turning the little paint holder upside down , I could shake out a single piece of paint . There were 3 of the seven like this . One of the other colors was n't hard , but there was hardly any paint in the holder -LRB- maybe a 1/4 of what the others had -RRB- . Fortunately , my kids do clay baking , so we had some paints for that . Overall though , this product was a disappointment . Between the missing instructions and the hard paints , I do n't believe it was worth the money .
 We received the bowls ... well actually the first order came with chipped bowls -LRB- which Amazon took back with no problem -RRB- and then the second pair came . The bowls were fine , but out of the 5 paint colors , only 2 were liquid . The other 3 were dried out . Since we needed these for a gift , I could n't return it again , so we painted with yellow and red . It would have been nice to have all 5 colors . I am very disappointed . OH well , guess we 'll plan better and go to a pottery place next time .
 This puzzle would be great but it does n't work properly . If you slam it on the table you hear noise but otherwise there is no sound .
 I 'm unsure when the sound is supposed to come on because it is so random i can only describe it is hit or miss sound . Not every piece makes sound when it goes into the right place , sometimes 2nd or 3rd piece makes sound . Sometimes if i take one piece out and put it back again makes the sound . Sometimes if i wiggle the piece it makes the sound . I kept it cuz it still makes sound at least once while all the pieces are put in the correct places and my son enjoys playing with it but too random sound that is unpredictable .
 As an adult , I think this little guy is cute , but my 3 year old daughter is absolutely terrified of it . She demands that it is always turned off and must stay in another room . I do n't know what it is about the bear that makes her scared . All I have to do is threaten to get the bear and she does whatever I say . I feel badly that her aunt spent good money for a toy that she will never play with . Can I take it back after I threw out the box ? I wish .
 This toy was bust , difficult to use and not very durable . My daughter has already sold at yard sale .
 We bought a Fur Real Polar Cub at Wal-Mart today . It was so cute ! I took it out of its box this evening to install batteries and put in Santa 's secret box ... of course I could not resist a little trial play.My first disappointment was how hard and unsnuggly he was , like holding a clanky metal box wrapped in not-soft fur . His arms were long and stiff , sticking straight out . But he was still cute ... I installed the batteries and he started making lots of sounds and moving by himself as I read his booklet of instructions . His movements caused a buzzing mechanical sound . His voice/sounds did not sound like a bear ... He sounded very much like a geo-pet , or whatever those things are called that sigh and coo and laugh unnaturally . This polar cub could do many tricks , as I read through the instructions , but it was like work to make him perform - a total imagination killer . But still ... he did look pretty cute sitting there movng by himself ... I reluctantly decided he is not the right kind of toy for us . I apologized to him as I wired him back into his box , and hoped someone else will buy him and love him . =o-RRB- He is very cute , and he sucks his bottle , but he is too clunky and noisy and demanding for free play .
 We purchased this toy for our 4 year old daughter . The fun lasted for about 1 hour . It is heavy and hard . The arms are stiff and stick straight out . The motors make too much noise when it moves . Within a month or so , one of the arms was broken . What a WASTE OF MONEY !
 My 5 year old just HAD to have the Panda ... well , she got it last Christmas and I must say it makes a really cute shelf knick knack ! She played with is a little , but that little bit is still more than the `` Growing hair Dora '' which she has NEVER played with . At least I did n't have to pay full price for the Panda .
 I bought this toy for my three year old daughter for Christmas , since she loves toys like this . He definately works but she is absolutely terrified of him , I had never seen her react this way to anything before . The bear had to spend the night in the basement so he would be no where her sight , so needless to say he will be making a trip back to the store . I think this toy if for an older child
 I THOUGHT IT WAS A REALLY CUTE TOY BUT A LITTLE OVER RATED . The bear only dose a few things and thats it . My daughter played with it for a few hours then she was n't interested in it anymore . I did n't think it was worth the money we paid for it . And now it 's less then half the price .
 My 3 year old loves bears , adores them so my brother purchased this bear for her thinking he was doing a good thing , well when we took it out of the box I think it scared me as much as her , perhaps she was too young but it terrified her.I gave the bear a high durability rating because it reminds me of something NASA may have created.The bear reminds me of the gremlins.It is not cute but scarey , I had to put the bear outside my daughter was petrified and I cant much blame her . . It was rather eiry . The bottle did nothing It felt like you were giving the bear an enima The bear did not respond , never the less it ended up back in a Toys R Us return pile , I am not saying this bear is horrible for everyone perhaps someone else may adore it but be careful what you wish for Make sure your child responds well.My daughter will not go near a bear I had to take all her stuffed bears out of her room , It really terrified her ...
 THis necklace LOOKS like a great buy , thats because you cant see it up close . Basicly the metal its made out of is so weak , if you wear it around at all , your pretty much guranteed to break it . With all the shipping and charges , this item is way overpriced . The one I ordered broke as soon as I took it out of the box , and it took almost three weeks to get to my house . The box is made cheeply too . Not much good to say about this item , I think it was made in Mexico . Save yourself some time and money . DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 This necklace was clearly not meant for wearing , though nowhere on the box does is say so . My teenage daughter wore it for just two days before the blade actually broke off . I do n't recommend buying it if you want to actually wear it . It 's just not made for it .
 I would not recommend this product . The pictures are not an accurate portrayal . The Necklace is large and gaudy , its hollow and plastic . Its also very easily bent and the silver paint looks a bit like spray paint . My sister still loved it based on the theory behind it -LRB- she 's a very large fan of the game -RRB- . Look around , and I would only suggest this as a last resort .
 This is an extremely beautiful necklace , but mine came through UPS broken . I am not really for sure if it was originally broken at the store or if it broke through the shipping . I 'm kind of sad .
 My 3 kids -LRB- 3,5 and 8 year old -RRB- really enjoyed this ball while it lasted . We only used it indoors and did n't hop on any glass or other sharp objects however one day it we noticed it was very deflated . This was about 40 days after we received it . It did get a lot of use while we had it , especially by my 45lb 5 year old . I thought it would last longer .
 Bought this for christmas for my son who turned 2 the week before . Train is cool but after a few minutes of riding it would not go if put on to travel counter-clockwise on the track . Then to travel clockwise the rear car had to be taken off because it travled derailed . In a 20 min span it derailed 3 times sending him off of it . He weighs about 22lbs . Constuction is ok . Some parts could have been a stronger plastic . Assembly easy . May be I just got a bad one , most the reviews seemed good . Very disappointed though it is going back . I will lose bout 50 bucks on shipping but rather get him somethen like a truck that wo n't tip over.Best o luck to anyone purchasing . It was great to see him laugh and smile while it was going . But I wo n't take the chase of him getting hurt .
 I read all the wonderful reviews and decided to get this train for my 2 year old for his birthday . Product is well crated , assembly simple . I am not sure whether the charger is operating as instructions suggest -LRB- green light is always on rather than signalling when battery is charged -RRB- . Maybe that battery has never gone low when I charge.My primary problem with the train though is that my child has fallen off of it 3 times . Now to ride it I have to stand in the middle of the track and spin around and around with him to spot him -LRB- i.e catch him or prevent him from falling -RRB- . If he leans SLIGHTLY to the outside , -LRB- like turning to see his mom -RRB- the train de-rails or falls off the track side ways on to him.I do n't know how all the others had such positive experiences . My hope is my son will gain skill in keping the train on the track and will find it interesting , but any kid that comes to visit , we will have to ` spot ' . I guess the educational value of this train for my son is learning to balance on a badly designed moving toy that has a narrow base and has a constantly shifting center of gravity -LRB- due to turning on track -RRB- . Bottom line - my kid prefers the $ 6 mega-blocks truck he got to this -LRB- ... -RRB- train .
 The train is well built and rugged as advertised . My current problem is my 1 1/2 year old grandson was launched from it at a curve and put a apple size bruise on his forehead . He 's now terrified of it and refuses to sit on it . Although he had a spotter at the time , it happened too quick to save him . He landed on the nearby hardwood floor while the track was on the carpet . The train seems to need a system to vary the starts . It 's qiute a jerk to get moving . The problem of a large area to leave the figure - 8 track up for long periods still exist . In all I would have to say it is a superior product , but not for children under 3 years of age .
 I bought this item with great expectations for my 2 yr old grandson 's b-day . I was extremely disappointed with the performance of the toy . The train would not stay on the track . After it threw my grandson off of the train for about the 4th time , we tried it outside . He had difficulty steering the train straight and the handlebar housing kept pulling away from the train body . The train startup I thought was very jerky and moved way to fast for the track setup . I returned it to the store last night , of course losing my freight exp . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was so excited to get this for my daughter 's upcoming second birthday . We have the set of three large knob puzzles by the same maker and it is of great quality . This , however , is NOT of great or even good quality . It arrived with the case broken and the paint chipped . The paint chips by practically rubbing a finger on it . Also , the puzzles fit poorly in the case . Yes , I did keep it - only because I had free shipping and do n't want to pay to send it back . The puzzles themselves are of mediocre quality . Like I said , you get what you pay for !
 Works fine . It did arrive with some rust in certain areas . Not a big enough deal to return , but disappointing when you spen that much ...
 This is 22 '' inch horse . Comes in a 23 '' box . Way smaller than expected . I could get something like this at Marshall 's for $ 20 . Spend a few extra bucks to get a big horse if that 's what you are looking for . It 's a little bigger than a pillow pet .
 i am a senior computer programmer and just like the others could not program the remote for my daughter 's birthday today . even tried 2 separate dvd players . she is very frustrated and upset.this is the worst dvd/remote product ever . iw works with the dvd 's regular remote but my daughter does not want to use that .
 I tried to program the doll with several DVDs remote controls , and not a single one worked !
 This item fell apart after hanging up for about a week and barely being used . The board area actually dropped right off the top rod . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !
 The darts simply dont stick to the board . They slide and fall down . Had to return it . My colleague has one he bought from big5 which works awesome .
 Do n't buy this set expecting it to be an expansion to a pre-existing playset . This set 's pictures make it look like it features a new level that can attach to the Ramparts of Ryousan set . Some Mega Bloks boxes and catalogues even advertise this idea . In fact , it is a hollow box -LRB- sealed on all sides -RRB- that only looks like a piece of a castle , and which can rest on -LRB- not attach to -RRB- the upper levels of that set . I have no idea why that would be a selling point to anyone.So if you 're not buying this for the box , then what makes this set worth buying ? While it 's true that the new Metal Ages sets do n't really come with enough of the new Norvak and Odaku figures to stage a propper battle , obtaining two more from this set does n't seem like it would be worth $ 5.99 to me . You can also get that cannon in any number of other sets -LRB- including a slightly different version in Ramparts of Ryousan -RRB- and that random chunk of wall with a flag and torch seems more like filler than anything that would be remotely fun , either on its own or attached to another set . Save your money . This one 's a waste .
 We bought this Piano because it was a special offer , not on Amazon . I regret not having read more about it in reviews , if I had , I would have bought a bigger keyboard for the same price and been happier . If my daughter did n't like it , and the reviews about returning the Item were n't as bad as they are , I would send it back .
 This piano does not match its description . It sounds more like a poorly tuned Xylophone than a piano and the keys are very loose which does not give a realistic piano playing experience.The sellers also make it very difficult to return this product since I would have to pay for return shipping without being reimbursed by the company , which would be paying more in shipping than the piano is worth ! I would not recommend this item .
 Piano sound is very PAD.Good looking and good for baby Three years old . But the sound of piano is like door bell .
 This little toy piano is adorable . Unfortunately , when I opened the box I was shocked by an awful odor -- it smelled like a powerful insecticide . I removed all the parts from the box and put them out on my screened porch for a few hours . This did not help.I would NEVER give this piano to my grandchild .
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 This game is great fun i recommend to buy it
 Like everyone else I remember Lincoln Logs from my childhood . This set has so few long , or even medium pieces that it is very limiting in just free building as opposed to the `` set '' that is pictured . I suppose we 'll have to go to all the yard sales to try and supplement . Should have done that in the first place instead of spending this much money on this set . Disappointing .
 It 's a great idea and well made , but I agree that there are too few long pieces . My daughter has not shown a lot of interest once we had to plan more windows than walls to accommodate all the short pieces . They also ` tumble ' over quickly . Rather disappointing . I remember a similar set from my childhood that offered a lot more possibilities .
 I guess I should have read some of the reviews before buying . There are over 100 short pieces in this kit ... . makes the kit sound great 162 pieces should let you build lots of buildings , but with that many short ones , it is very hard to do more than 1 or 2 small `` freestyle '' buildings . and then in my hurried holiday shopping I did not realise that these are NOT Lincoln Logs , but an off brand.Another point of discontent with this set is that the cut outs are actually to deep which makes the round logs sit on the round log below it instead of the flat cut out . which makes them more in-stable than they should be . But overall my 2 1/2 yr old son loves them . I will just be purchasing another set so that they live up to my expectations .
 Once you put this together , what exactly do you do with it ? My kids liked it , but forgot about it 2 days later.But you can at least use the pieces for something else . However , as Legos go , it is inexpensive -LSB- * -RSB- , and makes a decent stocking stuffer . -LSB- * Apparently the price of this item went way up since I first wrote this . My review applies to a product that had cost about $ 5 . -RSB-
 This product arrived to me in a very poor condition , with a flattened and torn box . It appeared to be non-genuine as the box was very flimsy and the printing was poor.The price is very expensive for a very small set .
 Okay so both my daughter and niece are into Bratz and since they both also enjoy playing online I thought the Be-Bratz dolls were the perfect combination of the two activities ... . WRONG !!!!!!!! I just so happened to buy a new computer earlier this year which came with Vista pre-installed and as per the norm , the Be-Bratz site is not compatible with the dolls -LRB- or the USB key that comes with them -RRB- yet . I would 've thought that with Vista being out for a few months now that 95 % of sites would be compatible , esp the Be-Bratz site because these dolls have n't been out very long . What a waste of $ 60 !!!
 The toy looked good in the ad but it was a big disappointment . It propels a small -LRB- 3 '' -RRB- motorcycle , which has a very sharp tip , a distance of about 8 inches across a smooth surface . Not much fun in that ! I does n't work at all on any type of carpeting , cement , or other rough surfaces . Chain restaurants give out much better free toys in their `` kiddie meals '' .
 I was really disappointed in this product after the great reviews I had read . It was way too difficult for my 9 year old to figure out most of the tricks . Even I had a hard time with some . He tired of it quickly and will probably remain on the shelf .
 I bought this for a 9yr old boy thinking it would be fun due to all the positive reviews . It was the most boring magic set I 've ever seen . The tricks are silly . I think he played with it out of obligation but has never touched it again . Melissa and Doug usually make great toys but I think maybe they should stick to entertaining the smaller children .
 My son -LRB- age 9 -RRB- ordered this with his own money after playing with one that his friend had . Melissa and Doug stuff we 've bought in the past has always been so nice ... but the quality on this is set just is n't there . I have to give Melissa and Doug credit ... their customer service is friendly and helpful . They sent two replacement ` magic change bags ' -LRB- for the secret silks magic trick , the main reason my son ordered the set -RRB- for the problem one that we received originally . The second one they sent did n't work , either ... the third one is also a dud ... even though they said they 'd try it before shipping it to be sure it 's ok . The trick lever is extremely hard to maneuver , even for me ... it jams and is impossible to move ... my son could n't do it without making it completely obvious . To make matters worse , you could totally see the metal arm moving inside the bag -LRB- there 's about a half inch exposed ... and the arms are misshapen so they snag up the bag when you move them -RRB- We ordered the Empire Magic Change Bag Trick with Zipper from Amazon and while it is n't much to look at -LRB- the handle is heavy duty cardboard , not wood like this set has -RRB- ... it was only $ 7 and it works so much better ! The rest of the tricks with the set are ok I guess , I 'd say overall it was a disappointing purchase .
 The magic kit arrived broken . It was not obvious and unfortunately it was a gift and I was unable to return it . The wood was thin and I can see why it would break in the shipping process but it was very disappointing . Some of the tricks worked and that part was fun but it has n't been played with much since the Birthday party .
 i got to my 7years old kid , it 's all made of wood and badly made , , , the tricks are not funny at all except 3 of them , , , the rest are really stupeid ,
 Our -LRB- almost -RRB- eight year old put on a fantastic show with very professional tricks . The quality of the tricks was amazing . Lots of pieces . . do n't recommend for under age seven . Builds real confidence in the child .
 I love most of Melissa and Doug 's toys but I thought this was to much of the same thing . All the tricks were pretty much the same idea . And every trick was made from wood which makes this durable but not very fun . I remember the magic set my brother had as a kid . It had the glass with the liquid and the quarter trick with the box . Just other things that were quick , fun and easy . I gave this to my niece who is 6 years old . Her eyes lit up when she saw this but when it was opened and played with , I could tell she was not finding these tricks that fun or easy .
 This magic kit has its plusses and minuses . Overall more minuses than pluses in my mind especially for a Mellissa and Doug toy . Generally Mellissa and Doug make great toys , but I 'm very disappointed in this case.The kit contains 10 magic tricks that I suggest a child at least 7 to 8 years old can present to an audience of kids from about 4 to no older than 8 or 9 . The plusses :1 . Seven of ten magic tricks are good to acceptable for younger kids .2 . In general , the instructions are easy to follow.The minuses :1 . The quality is very poor ; extremely in some cases : a . The kit has a disappearing scarf trick that uses a magic bag . The bag is made exceptionally poor - seems and glued areas are coming apart after the 1st use and a hinged portion makes a lot of noise all that completely ruins the trick that a 4 year old noticed.b . The kit also has some wooden cards with numbers on it for a number guessing trick . The trick is great , but the numbers on the cards very easily scrap off to the point after about five times doing the trick some numbers are almost missing . The numbers were already partially faded -LRB- scraped off -RRB- out of the box .2 . One trick -LRB- disappearing box -RRB- is very confusing at best were even several adults could not figure it out how to make the trick even sort of look like magic -LRB- the whole point of the toy -RRB- .3 . Another trick -LRB- vanishing zone -RRB- is where you slide a wand through a wooden box and the middle of the wand disappears . It 's very obvious how it 's done even for a 5 year old and the wooden box is another poorly constructed item adding to the usefulness of the trick .
 the title says it all , this was not anything more than a deck of cards - never would have purchased had it been made more clear . kids looked confused when we opened it and tried to establish what it was .
 This game is okay but nothing special . I would not recommend buying it . It is too basic and not worth the money .
 My 9 y.o. son got this set for Christmas , along with several others . His first reaction was `` there 's a lot of pink ! '' This set -LRB- along with the Diagon Alley and Hogwart 's classroom sets , which share the garish color scheme -RRB- seems to be a shameless pandering to little girls , but somehow I do n't think even the most diehard Barbie girls envision Ron Weasley 's room done up in pink , tangerine , and turquoise ... The other sets in this series , with the more appropriate grey color scheme , are wonderful and my son is having a great time with them . This one will probably be given away as he 's embarrassed to have it . My advice
 My son was very disappointed when we got this for him - he expects with that much of his allowance going out there would be a lot more legos - he hates the cardboard set up and the colors - all wrong he keeps saying : -LRB-
 The rocket looks nice and was n't difficult to build but you 'd really have to be good a building these things to do it in only 1 hour as another reviewer claimed he and his 5 year old did . And a 5 year old would for the most part merely be an observer . Plus you need to give the glue time to set before moving on the some steps . Even if he did assemble it in one hour as claimed it takes a considerable amount of time to prime , sand , paint , resand , repaint and apply the decals which are very difficult and time consuming.My main disappointment came from the fact that the E9-6 rocket engine exploded shortly after takeoff at approximately 20-25 feet off the ground and destroyed the rocket beyond all repair on it 's maiden flight . So beware of these engines ! All in all it was a lot of work and a big disappointment for me and my oldest child . But the low level explosion frightened my youngest child very badly .
 I bought this for my dinosaur loving 4 1/2 year old daughter . First of all , let me tell you that nothing about this toy stays put . The little cave men loosely fit into the orange basket or on the dino head or back . The little `` leaf '' sun visors are difficult to get to stay in place . You practically blow on them and they 'll fall out . I suppose the I-fell tower should be this way to make it easy for things to fall down when triggered.The stones on the dino 's head/tail do n't lock in place so if you want the head and/or tail to stay up , you must hold onto the pully to keep it there -LRB- and that is not fun during play time -RRB- . As mentioned above , the neck of the dino does not stay up . It is always down unless one holds it up . The rock pulling devices on the head and tail function , but because the head of the dino is always down , it makes it difficult -LRB- or less inviting -RRB- to play with . The one neat bonus about the dino is it does make a roaring sound.IF you have a child who likes to stack/build and then demolish , then they may like this . That is about all I and my child do with this toy is build up the tower and then push the little button to cause `` an earthquake '' . I do think the quality of the plastic to make the items is good quality . And the size of the toy is nice too -LRB- not too large , not too small -RRB- . It is colorful as well.I say , unless you have a child who likes to stack/build then crash the toy town , spend your money on something else as that is the only thing this toy can really do .
 This was a cute idea , however the product is not made very well . The stamps are on squares of rubber w / adhesive backing . The backing does n't hold all that well and some have peeled off/fell off on occasion , the stamp characters are n't raised off their base very high and the ink is n't very ... potent . So when you try for ink on the stamp you need to work to coat the ink on and when you stamp , you have to press so hard to get the character to fully transfer . When you press hard enough to do so , you get a back ground of the square stamp on your paper from the base stamping the paper . My 4 year old daughter is n't interested in using them as stamps as they `` did n't work '' ; however she frequently likes using them as wood blocks for building things . Overprice for underquality .
 I would never beleive it to be true . Yes I was waiting for the day that the Harry potter LEGO sets were realeased , I was dissapointed , from the looks of the box -LRB- I never bought it . -RRB- it looked like a few LEGO peices and some cardboard . but being the HP fan atic that i am , eventually I will probably purchase these items .
 it 's stupid and it sucks and it be dumb andyo
 The price paid for this I expected much more . The main castle falls apart at the touch . We had to pick it up off the floor and it just fell apart . Put it back together and it fell apart again . The stairs are also not as pictured . They do not stay firmly in place at all . Feel it is not worth the value paid .
 A 12 year old and a 9 year old put this set together . They had a great time getting it all set up . But as soon as it was all together they both looked at me and wondered why this set cost as much as it did . Both of them did n't think it was worth saving and saving for -LRB- neither did I -RRB- . I felt they were selling the name not a good quality set that was worth the money . Think before you spend so much money on this set .
 For one , it was incredibly difficult for even me , a thirty year old father to figure out how all the pieces fit together and so the recommended age seemed a bit understated . Then , after I completed most of the set up with my children , there were some things about the castle that did n't fit in with the novel . There are rooms that have either sparse furniture that do n't properly explain the use for the room , or there are rooms that do n't have any identifiable uses at all . I had to self label the one room to make my kids better understand what to do with them . Plus , the castle is separated in three pieces and each piece do not really fit in with eachother . That makes it unlike a real castle and very annoying when my kids want to move it from one room to another because they did n't provide a base plate , or some piece where all three parts of the castle could fit together and hold onto , so it does n't fall apart.It does come with all the Harry Potter figures that Lego has made so that 's a plus but it seems that they made this bigger than they needed to so that they could charge a higher price . They did a good job with all the mini-figs but in conclusion , I would not recommend this toy if you are looking for a realistic , fun toy for all the ages that enjoyed the Harry Potter novels .
 Why would you pay this much ? Walmart has the hogwarts castle for $ 129 and Toy 's R Us has this for $ 149 . Usually amazon has the cheapest stuff ... . but NOT THIS TIME !
 Not enough time spent in creating this product . I 'm in the retail business and I feel the price is to high to pass on to the consumer for a cheap looking product . What 's happen to the Leggo fine craftsman work .
 Overpriced LEGO garbage . I would n't buy this for my worst enemy .
 Very disappointed . Very cool but disappointed . For the price paid , it was not worth it . The main castle falls apart easily . End up putting it together twice . I was also lacking a few pieces from the set . I was missing Harry 's hair and a few little items but I got extra `` potion '' pieces . You ca n't play with this . You put it together and do n't touch it or it will fall apart . IN addition , the stairs just wrap in circles to the touch . They do n't stay firmly in place . Not worth what we paid for it .
 We bought this four years ago , for Xmas of 2007 . It 's well built and intuitive to use . For that it earns two stars . It loses three more stars because its picture quality is egregious , terrible , horrendous , abysmal , shocking , offensive , dastardly , criminal , ghastly , wretched . Even for a cheap camera made in 2007 its quality was so bad . The pictures looked like real garbage . Think .2 megapixel picture taken from a moving vehicle in the dark and then run through a filter to make it even worse . I even sent it back and got another one after talking to customer service . The guy on the line thought its quality should have been good , so that 's why i swapped it thinking maybe mine was bad . Nope , the second one still as bad . Forget printing pics up from this , heck you can hardly even view them on the computer . Much worse than the first digital camera I bought back in 1999 -LRB- I 'm not kidding it really was -RRB- . Based on this experience I 'm inclined to think Fisher Price should stick to simple electronic toys only .
 The pictures comes out blurry and it take 4 AAA batteries . You have to constantly buy batteries . I will probably in a year spend more on batteries than i did for the camera itself . But my 4 year old daughter likes it and feels independent with it , so it serves its purpose .
 This camera is very durable , but the pictures are so bad who cares . My daughter desperately tries to make use of it , but gets depressed every time she sees what kind of pictures it actually produces . Most the time it 's hard to even tell what she took a picture of . I guess Fisher Price put so much effort into making it tough they forgot that it was actually supposed to function as a camera . It might as well just be a block of wood painted to look like a camera .
 I have already filed a claim with Amazon for this piece of garbage . First off , it does n't come with a memory card which , for almost $ 100.00 , it should . It will not upload to a computer via usb cable , not sure why . What 's most annoying is that my daughter loves this camera -LRB- she got for Christmas -RRB- . She takes hundreds of pictures -LRB- now that we have the memory card -RRB- , but YOU CA N'T UPLOAD THEM !! I now have to take her memory card out of her camera , put it in my digital camera to upload and then put her memory card back her in her camera . I do n't usually write negative reviews for products unless they really stink . WELL , this really STINKS !! As I have stated , I have already filed a claim , but I am going so far as to contact Fisher Price directly as I am that annoyed and I will also discuss this merchant 's restocking fee of % 20 . They sell inferior products but yet we have to pay a re-stocking fee ? Not to mention my daughter 's disappointment that the camera never worked right . Anyway , nuff said . Do not buy and especially do not buy from Mead Enterprises . -RSB-
 This is a horrible camera I ca n't even see half the pictures there just either pure white or dark and grainy . Do not buy from valley tech toys they have a 40 % restocking fee if it 's open . Well of course you have to open it to realize what a piece of crap this is .
 I bought this toy for Christmas last year and by February I exchanged it at the store because the sounds quit working . That would n't be a big deal except you need the sounds to know when the picture is taken , thus keeping the camera still and keeping the pictures from being too blury . The picture quality is ridiculous . Now the second camera is broken . My daughter was 6 at the time and treats her toys very well . I thought it would hold up better , given the title and the commercials showing it being dropped down stairs .
 My son recieved this for his birthday . Takes HORRIBLE pictures . In many we ca n't even make out what they were . Viewfinder is inaccurate resulting in many chopped off head shots . After using it a few weeks it sometimes wouldnt start up properly , sometimes would . For the price I was very disappointed . Also , it comes with a usb cable but when plugged in my computer couldnt find a driver for it and there doesnt seem to be any available . My son didnt seem to care about the picture quality and had fun with it .
 This camera is truly a worthless piece of garbage . I agree with all the other reviewers who say that durability is meaningless when the photos this camera produces are as foggy as pea soup . Seriously , you can not make out a thing once you 've snapped a pic . I bought this camera for my child over two years ago and am STUNNED that this product is still on the market . You might as well take a kleenex box , cut a hole in it and paint it pink . You 'd end up keeping the same number of photos
 We gave this camera to my 3-year-old for Christmas . She loves the camera . It is easy for her to use , and the buttons are easy to understand . The double-eye view finder is nice and the on-screen view is nice , but the pictures are just not the best quality . Most of them are too dark or overexposed . As much as she loves the camera , I am still not sure if we will keep it or return it for one that is cheaper , and takes better quality pictures -LRB- not a kids camera -RRB- . Fisher-Price did n't put much effort into this camera . It 's sad .
 This camera is a great idea . My daughter has fun with it but the picture quality is so terrible that I do n't understand the point . If she did happen to take a good photo it is useless . You can barely make out the image it is so dark . It really is a terrible camera . If you just want a pretend camera for your kids that clicks and makes noise I think you can find something else for a lot less money . The picture part of this camera is pointless . Do n't waste your money . Fisher price should be ashamed of producing such a piece of junk .
 I bought this camera for my daughter 's 4th birthday . I liked the pink color and the looks of it on the picture . When I started to use it I noticed that the picture quality was horrible . I could not identify the person in the picture . After reading the instruccions I noticed there was a setting to make the picture quality better . SO I put it on that setting . IT DID NOT HELP ... still the people in the photos were irrecognizable . Would not recomend it .
 Camera is constantly crashing when being used . we have to send ours back to the manufacturer in order to get it fixed and we only used it twiceMy daughter had alot of fun with it when it is functional . Although it does n't have the games that was on the older version .
 First I will admit that my 4yo daughter loves this camera . The smile on her face while she 's taking pictures is worth the price to me . But seriously , this camera is a piece of junk . The picture quality is so bad . I just do n't understand it . It 's like Fisher Price figured `` hey , it 's for kids , so why bother making it decent '' . Shame on them and shame on all those who go along with it posting comments like `` what do you want for a kids camera '' . I do n't have unrealistic expectations and am not expecting a kids camera to take the same quality photographs as my Nikon D200 . I expect less when I pay less . But this thing is n't that cheap . For nearly 1/2 the price you can get a Kodak with 5mp and zoom that will take much , much , ... much better pictures . So where 's the extra cost coming from ? Do n't tell me the durable camera body . Really folks , this is a $ 10 digital camera in a $ 90 plastic and rubber case .
 My five year old loves to take pictures with our `` grownup '' camera and , amazingly , sometimes the pictures come out really well . Because of that , her grandmother bought her this camera since it seemed like it would be easier to use and more durable . You could probably drop this thing from the Space Shuttle and it would survive the impact , but it produces such awful pictures that it 's not worth saving any of the photos taken with it.Of course the kids love this camera because they do n't know any better and it is , admittedly , a lot of fun to play around with but it is honestly one of the most disappointing toys I have ever seen . I would hate to reward Fisher Price for producing something that , while fun , is such a piece of junk otherwise .
 I was quite disappointed when testing the camera prior to giving it to my four-year old daughter . The picture quality is terrible . I do n't think we will be keeping many of the 480x640 pixel , grainy images . However , my daughter absolutely loves the camera ; it has become her favorite toy and she loves taking pictures of everything ! She is n't a critic of the quality , so maybe I should n't be , either .
 We looked everywhere for this camera for my son last year for Christmas . We finally found one , but I wish we had n't . It is a nice concept . I like the way it is built for kids with a double eye viewfinder and it is durable , but the picture quality is terrible . There is no reason why Fisher Price could n't have made the camera to take decent pictures . These are n't even worth having printed . I wish we would have bought a regular digital camera instead . At least my son would have pictures to show and be proud of . Definitely not worth the -LSB- ... -RSB- we paid for it !
 My 6yr . old daughter was so excited to get her first real camera . She was ecstatic when she began to use it . However , she was smart enough to realize that the picture quality totally stunk ! Yes , she got to push the buttons on her own and take her own shots , but she also wanted them on the computer to look at . The pictures were horrible . This would be more suitable if she was three and did n't understand that the pictures go somewhere after the camera . It 's a lot of money to pay for just another `` play '' camera . The camera has definitely held up well and still works , but it is definitely not close to a real camera .
 Do not waste your money . Sure , my daughter who is three was so excited to get her own cam and so was I until I looked at the pics . There is no reason why they at least cant be viewable . There is basically no point in even looking at the pics since you cant even make out any of them . Yes , the quality is that bad . This thing was not cheap and I just dont get it . She wanted to see her pics later and I showed them to her and her smile turned into a frown and she just kept asking to see her pics and I kept telling her over and over there they are !!!! She thought I had lost my mind . My cam phone takes pics 100 times better than this . Look if your kids are this age just give them one of your old digitals . My daughter has never dropped mine and if she does I dont really care since its my old cam . Otherwise go out and buy them a ton of those cheap disposables or a regualar digital one for half the price . Trust me on this one !
 Would have been ok if the Homer shown was the one sent . Instead received a Mr. Plow Homer . Kinda cool , but was a gift for a kid .
 Your kid will think the picture on the box is great and he will attempt to put the toy together . But do n't be surprised if he enjoys the droid figures and plays with them apart from the ship . And if you have a dog or crawling babies at home , be careful of all the small pieces which can easily lodge in their throats .
 I embarrassingly purchased this doll for my niece who loves to comb baby doll 's hair . This doll is about the size of an adults hand . Super small.The past reviews must be by the sellers because before I purchased it , no one commented on the super , super small size.If you 're just looking for a stocking stuffer this is great . Otherwise look forward to being embarrassed as the kid looks at your present with `` What Tha ? ''
 The smell is so bad that I have serious doubts about this item 's safety . There should be a warning about the materials used to make these bracelets .
 We got these for jungle-theme party favors . They had a pretty strong chemical smell that almost made me not bother giving them out .
 Do n't accidently choose this because you think it will work on a slot car track - IT WO N'T despite the fact that it appears on every page with the slot car racing sets and cars . Luckily , I caught myself before proceeding to checkout -LRB- seemed to good to be true for slot cars at that price and it was ! -RRB- . Make sure this is what you want before purchasing .
 Styles may vary ... . I 'm very upset because THE PHOTO shows 5 beautiful cars , and when my toy arrives , the pack come whit just one of the cars showed in the picture by Amazon.I bought this set for to build a diorama ... and believe me ... I 'm very , very upset because not come at least two or three of the cars showed , ONLY COME ONE . This is not Amazon 's Fault , is my fault because I 'm not read the little words . But Racing Champions , who has Nascar license , is wrong on to do this kind of packs .
 The cars are advertised as going with the race track . If you package them together then the cars should FIT the track . Really is false advertising .
 WHEN I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT I WAS GIVEN THE IMPRESSION THAT IT WAS SOMETHING THAT I COULD USE FOR THE RACE CAR TRACK THAT I PURCHASED FROM YOU AS WELL . WHEN I GOT THEM THEY WERE JUST MODEL CARS AND I COULD NOT RETURN IT B/C I THROUGH THE RETURN PAPER IN THE TRASH AND I JUST OPENED IT A WEEK AGO B/C IT WAS A PRESENT FOR MY HUSBAND FOR HIM RETURNING HOME FROM IRAQ . SO THE PRODUCT IS NO GOOD TO ME AND I TRIED TO GIVE THEM TO MY SON AND MY SON DOES NOT EVEN WANT THEM B/C YOU CANT DO ANYTHING WITH THEM . SO PLEASE NEXT TIME YOU GIVE IDEAS FOR SOMEONE TO PURCHASE SOMETHING TO GO ALONG WITH SOMETHING ELSE PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT THEY CAN ACTUALLY USE THIS PRODUCT .
 I thought this would be a fun game , but I was wrong . My wife and I played this with our two children -LRB- ages 6 and 8 -RRB- , and my six year old caught on very quickly by answering `` pudding '' to everything . Once we ammended the rules , we still found this game incredibly boring and have not played it since .
 This is a stupid game . There is no point to it at all , how hard is it to answer the question wrong ? My 2 children played it once and that was it . I could n't even sell it at my last garage sale for $ 1 - I felt bad about giving it to Goodwill so I just threw it away .
 People selling toys on this site are overpricing them . Even though this is an older version of a Lego toy , there is no reason to have people on the site gouging children with overpricing toys ! My son used ALL of his birthday gift card to purchase this toy and then I had to kick in an additional $ 30 ! WHAT A RIPOFF ! My son put the toy together in a matter of minutes and added it to his collection . You adults selling these toys at 5-10 times what they are worth ought to be ashamed of yourselves ! Needless to say , my son will NOT be allowed on the Amazon website again !
 Besides being a lot less of a lego than I expected for the price , when it arrived the box it was in was smashed since it was just packed in an envelope and the lego was in a thin cardboard box . I had to buy something else to give as the gift and then just added this to it .
 There are spikes that work as stoppers for professional skaters to jump and spin located on the front edge of the skates , which always unexpectedly stop me when I try to skate fast . Then I always fall down on ice , very severely , all in a sudden due to the spikes . Therefore they are not suitable to me , a non-professional skater . I just want a pair of plain skates without those spikes , like hockey skates.I contacted the company to ask them if I can have the spikes removed , yet I have heard no response up to now .
 We have bought the toy at Toys-R-Us local store as a birthday gift . Imagine kid 's disappointment when it turned out that the remotes/motors do n't work . Exchanged the toy same day . Both remotes and motors seemed to work fine . Next day one crab 's left motor got weak and inadequate to the right one . Most likely we will return the toy and buy something else . LEGO , do n't save on QA .
 I wish they 'd stop selling this plastic garbage under the same name as their actual decent products . These things are two flight turds at best . For the most part a backyard flier meant to capture the imagination of the next generation of model rocketry hobbyists , junk like this does more harm than good . My guarantee ; within one pack of motors , both of these will be reduced to a collection of parts , none of which should even try to be recycled .
 I like the bratz dolls but tis one is so pretty.I would buy her but i 'm not too impressed by the genie theme.I feel that genie magic is inapropriate for small girls.It is a beautiful doll and sasha is my favorite but i still would n't buy this particular one .
 I like Sasha because she is black just like me and not only that , she is T O T A L L Y CUTE ! She 's dressed as a genie and she has mystical powers . I have been waiting to get this doll ever since it came out and I sooooooo hope it 's worth waiting for - and I mean it !
 I bought this as a gift for my 81 year old mother , who is impossible to please . She needed a new card shuffler , as she was n't pleased with her plastic , battery operated one . I must admit , I thoroughly expected to have to return it , since I knew she would n't be pleased with it . As it turns out , I did have to return it , but here 's the surprise . I was very disappointed in its performance too ! We could not get it to shuffle cards , whether they be from a new deck , or an old , worn out , dog eared deck . Moral of this story -- please do n't buy this item , whether you 're difficult to please or not .
 My pet peeve is when toy designers think of a gimmick and then design a game around it . The game should have a good premise first -LRB- i.e. Monopoly -RRB- , and then you add the ` extras ' . This game is all gimmick . The rules do n't make a whole lot of sense , the game pieces do n't stay on the hill and always fall off . My boys liked knocking the marbles -LRB- `` kryptonite '' -RRB- down the hill , trying to see whose marble would make it down first . The game held no interest whatsoever . If you want a marble run , get a real marble run . If you want a game get a real board game . This is neither .
 Bought this for my son last night , instructions are in Spanish only . Spanish may be the second most common language spoken in the US , but not everyone can speak/read it ! I 'm very annoyed ... will have to make up our own rules I guess .
 Being a big Doctor Who fan , I bought this thinking it would be a close replica of the Doctor 's own sonic screwdriver . But alas , this is about half the size of what I was expecting , and it was more of a toy than the `` prop '' I was looking for . I was very dissapointed . I would return it , but I threw away the packaging . Shame .
 I have been a huge fan of Doctor Who for decades , and I positively love the 10th Doctor , so when i saw this sonic screwdriver flash light , i had to have it . It cost me almost $ 14 , and I thought it would be worth it . Not the case . What i received was a tiny novelty toy . It would be funny to have only as a gag , but it is not functional in any way . I sent mine back . Too expensive for the quality of the item .
 To cheaply made.not really cool.needs to make noise too.needs to be heavier.spend more and get more .
 The intention was to have a Doctor Who Sonic Screwdriver that was practical as well as visual . Having one that was a working flashlight seemed great . I had saw them on ThinkGeek but was looking for slightly better pricing and found the same on Amazon . With shipping I kept it around 30 for the 10th and 11th Doctor Screwdrivers , one for me and one for the lady for an outdoor flashlight tour . First , these things are nowhere near to actual size , the 10th I kept is from my palm to the underside of my first knuckle , my hand can easily engulf it -LRB- 11th Doctor is longer , and with a REALLY flimsy underside on button -RRB- . This honestly reminds me of the cheap-y toy flashlights we use to get from the dollar type stores in the 70 's and 80 's that worked on a AA , maybe had a specialy lens with an emblem of your Hero and you bought it for like 1-2 bucks tops . They actually were more durable but only less bright since this now uses a single LED bulb . Also , no easily accesible battery bay , there is a tiny screw you have to take off to take the top off to get to some form of battery , I 'm assuming a triple-A . Nor pratcical at all and an extra tiny piece to have to keep up with . There is no sound effect , the only moving part is the single flimsy switch you can click with a fingernail . The 10th Doctor blue lens at least has some visibility on it , the green lens 11th Doctor is absolute crap for lighting . If you want a flashlight for a 5 year old that probably wo n't last more than a couple of drops and pay 6 times to much because it has a passing resemblance to our favortie Series prop , then go for it . Other wise buy a penlight and get a blue lens and save some money . BBC is really trying to suck this property for every penny , a shame considering it was the selkf same company that destoyed the series earlier on and only through real fans did they get it back to abuse it now for everything it 's worth . This is not a review on the Store , they shipped it as it was , got there in a timely manner and they were professional ; this is strictly on an Inferior Product .
 One can not expect much for the price . It is plastic and very toyish . A child might think it is neat . An adult would not be interested . Spend more if you are getting it for an adult Dr Who fanItem arrived quickly .
 I bought this item as a gift for a newbie Doctor Who fan . I thought the practicality of a Doctor Who novelty that is also useful as a torch would be a nice fit . However the item is a made for a bit younger a person than I thought and the `` torch '' aspect of the gift is more of a laser pointer . Still a cool idea .
 I ca n't really add much to the other reviewers , but this is quite frankly not worth the money.It is too small and has only one led for illumination.I was hoping for a real flashlight for this price.It has to be pretty darn dark to get much value out of this as an actual flashlight.The on/off switch is very flimsy , as well , and I can see its future imminent failure.It is already hard to keep on.I suggest buying the full size replica , instead.You get almost as much light out of it -LRB- although not white light -RRB- and it makes the noise !
 As one review mentioned , this item does look like someone can get it from the dollar store . The price is absolutely not worth the build quality .
 My 8 year-old son bought this with his own money . Being a huge DW fan , this was the cheapest one that was at least close to the right size , and at $ 12 , he could afford it.He really loved it , for sure . It does n't make a sound and there 's no working parts outside the little switch that activates the blue light , but he made it work.Unfortunately , it started to fall part pretty quickly . The black knob came off first , followed by the mounting area for the screw in the middle becoming ripped . Finally , he dropped it and the housing came completely apart . I managed to put it back together , but the switch to activate the light was messed up and did n't work any more . Really bummed him out . We ended up getting him the $ 25 dollar one with lights and sound . Too bad we could n't travel back in time to fix this mistake.If you 're an adult who wants to have this as a quick sight gag , go for it . If you 're a fan , or are giving this to a kid as a toy , forget it . Get the better quality versions .
 Smaller and cheaper than it appeared in the photo . I actually bought a second , better one , to replace this as a Christmas gift for my son .
 Sonic flashlight looks like a cheap , cereal box toy . For some reason I expected a sound , or something that would make it look like a Dr. Who artifact , but it does not . Both recipients at Christmas would not have known what it was without the packaging . Very disappointed .
 This sonic screwdriver turned out to be a disappointment . I initially gave it a very positive review -- but both `` screwdrivers '' we ordered broke in exactly the same place ! The casing right above the switch . The first broke after only two days . This item really is n't appropriate for kids . Mine were pretty careful with the screwdrivers too ; they just turned them on and off a lot.My original review
 My daughter ordered this item , expecting a good quality screwdriver . When it arrived we were all surprised at the cheap construction and overall quality . It looked like it was something we could have bought at the Dollar Store . We expected more for the price , and quickly returned it . We would definitely not recommend it 's purchase .
 I was very disappointed with this item . My son had it not 24 hourswhen it fell apart and could n't be put back together . It is not madewell at all and is not durable enough . My son is over 13 and did not playwith it roughly or leave it on constantly . It was a waste of money andvery overpriced for the product you receive .
 I got this for my husband for Christmas . took it out of the package the next morning . Turned if on and it will not turn off . Can not find where the battery goes . Cute novelty but very stupid destine .
 Smaller than advertised , and not very well-built . Looks like it will be easily broken , especially the fragile on/off switch . On the plus side , the light is very bright .
 Real good work guys , it was damaged , sent the unit back , please respond by a replacement because i do like the unit . Thanx , SAL
 This toy is a disgrace and a embarrassment for us dementors . We think that J.K. Rowling made a better discription of us . We shall be showing up in your department store sooner than you think . -LRB- how do we know this ? We saw a Muggle-child playing with this item telling his friends that it was a dementor -RRB-
 I needed a larger magnifying glass for a project that I am working on . The picture that is shown with the little boy shows a much larger magnifying glass than the one I was sent . The one they sent is n't even 3 '' . Its very much false advertising and I will not purchase from this individual again !
 I did n't think I was buying a toy ... the glass lens are loose and the magnification is less than useful . . Had I known it was a toy I would not have bought it . .
 None of the hardware was included , nor are there any holes in the round part at the bottom through with to drill screws . What am I supposed to use , super glue ?
 This snake in a can was nothing like they use to be . First of all the can did not even rattle like it had nuts in it and second when you opened the can the snake did not even jump completely out of the can and third the snake was plastic paper stuff.It was so bad I did not even give it to my six year old nephew I had to go buy something else . I would not recommend this item .
 The picture shows the classic nut can we all remember - metal - and with a cloth-covered spring snake . This thing is a dinky plastic container with a very short plastic-covered snake . It has a round plastic top on the spring . When you open the plastic lid the snake slowly rises up about six inches and makes a squeaking sound . Not at all the big snake that jumps out with force . Cheap junk .
 I ordered this item and was very dissappointed when I received it and opened it because I expected like a snake to jump out of the tin and it was nothing like that but just this annoying sound coming out slowly
 did n't expect a cheap plastic version of what was billed as the `` classic '' can . the original was a real metal can , which rattled , with snakes that jumped out . This one looks like kids plastic food toy , does n't rattle when closed , has a smallish snake that sticks it 's head out rather then boing out of the can at the opener . very cheap imitation of the classic prank . I would have been fine buying this version -- but the seller should not have led me to expect something better . false advertising - fraud .
 The graphics lead you to believe there is going to be a significant snake flying out of CAN when you open lid . This is not the case . A very disappointing squeaky worm !
 It came , but is teeny tiny little cheap thing . Do n't waste your money on this . Hardly even a stocking stuffer .
 This item is junk . Not classic at all . Very difficult to open , printed copy of label taped on can crooked . Would not recommend !!!
 Usually when I buy something , I like to get what is actually advertised . What was sent to me was NOT what was pictured , plus the package was already opened and in bad shape when I took it out of the envelope it was mailed in . Had I read these comments before I purchased the item , I would have never bought it . Please provide me with a postage paid return shipping label so I can return this item for a refund.Much like many other comments here , the snake is different from what is advertised and only slowly springs out and only about half way . This a poor product , that was obviously already used by someone , and I would like a refund . Thank you .
 I was expecting a CLOTH snake in a can as pictured not a plastic piece of trash ! the snake is all plastic with a yellow head . It makes a `` dog toy '' squeak when the snake comes out.Plus the lid is very difficult to open . I should have read the online reviews before i pressed my buy button . My son , who is 2 , played with it for maybe 5 mins and was bored with it ! Im glad it was only 3.00 or i would be returning it . Please dont waste your money , even if it is 3.00 . Its not worth it .
 There is a small white bead in the bottom of the SNAKE NUT CAN ; it is a choking hazard for young children . -LRB- I think the bead is included in the bottom of the `` can '' so that it sounds like there is something inside the can when you shake it . -RRB- When I opened the box of 25 SNAKE NUT CANS , many of the white beads and bottom lids were all over the box.The SNAKE NUT CANS have too many pieces
 Do n't waste your time on this snake nut in a can . I bought it as a goof for someone at work , and could n't even use it the label was on the can upside down and it really does not look like a real nut can at all . Do yourself a favor and save your time and money .
 I 'd like to return this item . It is not what was pictured and described.The snake does not jump out of the can . Please provide me with a postage paid return shipping label . ?? i am sorry . . >> i am confused when you turn the can top does n't open and have something >> jump >> out ? >> if its not please go to the order number and follow the steps for a >> return , , >> i never heard of not having something jump out?No , the `` snake '' does not pop out . The whole point of this gag is the `` snake '' explodes out of the can when it is opened and startles thereceiver . The product you sent me does have a very small `` snake . '' Itdoes not pop out of the can . It very slowly oozes it 's way out of thecan with an annoying squeak . This completely defeats the point of thegag.More importantly , it is not the product that was pictured when I madethe purchase . The product I purchased should have had a longexploding snake , as pictured and described.I will repeat my request and add an alternative . Please provide mewith a postage paid return shipping label . If this is not acceptableto you , then kindly refund the $ 2.66 that I paid for this unusableproduct ... I did receive a refund .
 I will never buy from this seller ever again !! I ordered a different product from them , paid for it and they wont ship it to me . They said they under priced it and will not sell it to me for what they advertised .
 This did n't pop out at you or scare you at out like a normal `` pop out snake toy '' is supposed to . It was slow and just plan stupid . Do n't order this crap . Totally worthless .
 The top is threaded so you have to unscrew it rather than pop the top off , which kills the surprise more often than not .
 I was greatly disappointed in this toy . One of the units has never worked . But , with the papers , boxes , etc. from Christmas , the packaging got tossed so I could n't return it . For a. . . gift , it was a huge let-down . I was hoping for so much more ! At LEAST a toy that worked ! Do n't waste your $ $ on this one .
 First I would like to say that this is a disgrace to paintball . If you get this because you think that paintball is n't safe , bad choice . It IS safe . You have a facemask on for all your eye worries . Not to mention that there are at least 3-4 refferees who will stop the game at any sign of trouble . When they say that paintball is n't safe , they are talking about when you are being irresponsible and run up to someone at your house , without a mask on , without your marker properly calibrated , and shoot them in the eye ! This toy on the other hand says that it is safe paintball and better than real paintball . Yeah right . If you cover up the sensor , you ca n't be shot . That 's just bad .
 I was upset to find that the `` other items that customers have bought that also bought this item '' were paint ball refills , did n't even go with the gun . On the package -LRB- of the guns -RRB- were the words ... shoots 500 feet and the picture shows paintballs ... come to find out the gun was n't a paintball gun / ... simply a vest that lights up when one has supposedly hit the other ... I do n't think the paint ball refills should be advertised as though they are refills ... for the pro virtual paintball gun ... which is n't a paintball gun ...
 Who in the world invented this cheap game ? This has nothing to do with paintballing the guns do n't even look like paintball guns and thats just the start of this horrible TOY that they call safer than real paintballing !
 I hated it . It was boring . Real paintball is more fun . Especially woodsball , x-ball , and air ball . But , with this toy ... WOOHOO how much more fun can u have -LRB- wink Wink , nudge nudge , punch punch , kick kick -LRB- IT STINKS -RRB- -RRB- Play real paintball instead its alot more fun
 I was excited to get this for my 6 yr old . It looks likea lot of fun but it is decieving . The batteries dont last verylong the sound is not very loud and it just does n't workfor any distance and overall its a lousy product . I have itright now still sitting in the box after trying it a couple oftimes and being dissappointed . Do n't buy this there isplenty more things out there for the money ... the shippingwas not worth it either
 I bought this for my 9-year old son as a Christmas gift . The idea is great but the execution is very poor . As soon as we put the batteries in and turned on the laser guns , one of them just died !!! I 've tried to contact the toll-free customer support line but all I get is either a busy signal or voice mail.I am disappointed with the product 's poor quality and the manufacturer 's poor customer support .
 I 'm with you Bill Samford ! Got this toy for grandchildren for Christmas . Opened it up on Christmas morning ... loaded the batteries ... and BAM ! One gun fires , the other one does n't . Try telling a 5 and a 3 year old that their Christmas present does n't work ! How disappointing is that ?
 I gave this to my son for his birthday -LRB- 7 years -RRB- . One of the sets was broken within 2 hours of play . No , it did n't get dropped or otherwise abused . It just stopped working . We changed batteries , everything , nothing fixed it . Not to mention that when we got it , it took 30 minutes just to figure out how to use it . I am extremely disappointed , and , of course , my son is , too.DO NOT purchase this toy . It is not worth the money .
 Got it for my son for Christmas . Opened it up on Christmas morning ... loaded the batteries ... and BAM ! One gun fires , the other one does n't . Imagine the look on my 6 year old 's face when I told him we could n't play , the gun is defective . You really let me down ToyMax . Sorry , you get no points from this Dad .
 This book is overprice , It is JUST A SIMPLE COLORING BOOK !! Nothing special about it.It is not a dot a dor art book ... it does n't have the circle in the pictures to use dot a dot art.I am very disapointed !! It is just waste on money and time . I am tired of being lied as a customer.If I want a coloring book I can get one in any store in town for less than $ 3 . I was lloking for a dot a dot art book not for a simple coloring book!I went online and find cool printables for dot a dot art activities for free.Im sending this COLORING book back !!
 Another toy that had to be returned , missing parts , poor condition , basically should have been advertised as parts for collecter
 I thought this would be fun , but ended up in garbage after 2 days . Fighters dont stay in place and dont really move well . Very hard to hit at other player
 While my grandson and son had a lot of fun with it for a week , it completely fell apart within the first week . The heads on the fighting figures completely broke off and can not be repaired . This toy is definitely not worth the money .
 Dude this looks cool but plays crappy - pretty cheap plastic , mechanics are lame . You cant really tell when Superman is hit because his head barely leans back . You have to constantly adjust the arm positions of the figures so their reach can strike the head or chest targets - and it seems rigged that Supermans arms are just a little longer to stack the odds for truth , justice and the American way . Again , Cool figures weak cheap playability .
 After receiving , putting together and using this toy with myself and children , I overestimated what it would be . I remember the old school Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots , and this product is n't even close . The old characters stood 6-8 '' tall and both necks sprung up with metal parts when a blow to the head was delivered . This version has only plastic parts , the characters are 4 '' tall at best , and the ` win ' is from a blow to the chest , not the head . Metallo 's head springs up , but Superman 's head only nods backward . It is difficult to discern the ` winner ' from the set up . It was only an $ 11 lesson for me to learn , but if you truly want a real Rock 'em set , try eBay , or yard sales . This replica is not comparable to the original .
 I purchased this trapeze bar for my kids . It failed after about 18 months . One of the rings snapped off the bar under the load of an 80 lb . kid . The rings appear sturdy enough , but the eyelet that attaches the ring to the trapeze bar is the weak point that failed . Fortunately no one was injured . The retailer would not replace it and the manufacturer stated that ` accessory ' parts to the paysets they make are only warranted for 1 year . Buyer beware !
 This item is not as advertised BEWARE ! What I recieved was a solderless kit no speaker , a earbud . It is not even from Elenco , it is from Maxitronics , something that you would find at toys R us !
 this is the crappiest toy ever . when i bought it half the pieces were missing an when we called them to replace them they gave me a peice that wasnt even part of the radio . save your money to buy a real radio !
 Monkey Punch Girls Trading Figures Collection SetUsing a picture with 6 figures and only selling 5 of them is not fair . Before ordering i went through a few different sites that would acuatilly sell theese figures . But only tisinc had all 6 figures ! -LRB- at least on the picture -RRB- But only 5 figures shoved up at delevery . I wrote them an email , explaining the problem . More than one month later i still havent heard from them.Very bad salesmansship
 GOOD IDEA
 this keyfinders a piece of crap ... i bought one of these & once you activate it by whistling mine never shutup ... it constantly beeps & so i threw it away nice & quick way to waste money
 It beeps ALL THE TIME ! The radio , the fax machine , a screaming kid . I wanted to take a hammer to it after an hour . Do n't buy it . Waste of money . I threw it out after one day .
 The Whistle Key Finder goes off every time there is any high pitched or loud noise such as a woman 's voice , cough , or barking dog . Very inconvenient in quiet situations such as the college classroom .
 The only reason why I got this was because my boyfriend wanted it . What a mistake . This is the worst key finder . It goes off at any given moment , if you laugh , it goes off , if the t.v. is on , it goes off . The only enjoyment I got from this was throwing it against the wall .
 My chief complaint about this key finder thingy-whatsit is not that it sounds off at the drop of a hat but that it does n't sound off at the drop of anything . Well , not quite . It will chirp if I whistle a specific Christmas carol at it from a few inches away . Sometimes . The way I see it , if I have to be that close to get it to work , I would already have found my keys.My wife bought me this item for Christmas and I had n't the heart to return it . So I pretended it worked fine . To cement the illusion , I purchased a standard whistle from the hardware store , reasoning that its shriek would surely set the thing off from anywhere in the room . It did n't . I did get some response from the blowing of a kazoo I got from a Christmas party cracker , but the novelty of that approach has faded with the onset of the new year.Anyway , the key `` finder '' has a nice bright light on it . So , although it takes up otherwise useful space on my key chain , I 'll hang on to it . Perhaps the light will help me to find something else I might yet lose .
 My wife and I were looking for a way to stop mislaying our keys and thought this key finder might be useful . It responds great to whistles and claps , and any other loud noise in the room . Anytime we 'd laugh , it would beep . Anytime there was a loud noise on TV or during a movie , it would beep . We even buried it under blankets and pillows and it would still pick up noises and beep at random times.We eventually broke it ... which was satisfying .
 This key finder beeps when there are high-pitched tones on TV , when the phone rings , and when my toy poodle barks , but not when I whistle . I can even do the really loud whistle with two fingers but it does n't respond . It 's also a very unattractive , clattery , bulky hunk of plastic on the key ring . I thought maybe it was a defective one but I had purchased two of them and gave one to a friend as a joke because she is always losing her keys . She thought it was great and got a good laugh out of it , but then it annoyed her so much , she threw it away within a week . I would say it makes a good prank gift but that 's about it . Maybe if Totes made a more slender metal one that actually worked ... maybe to a clap ? or has that been done ?
 Do n't waste your money . You have to be within about two feet for it to work , which is n't helpful if you have misplaced your keys or whatever you have attached it to .
 This does chirp a lot when it `` hears '' sounds . But you have to make a loud one to find the keys ... Has anyone found out how to turn off the chirp ?
 Cons : This is n't a key finder , it 's a beeping machine . It 's always beeping . Do n't take your keys to the movie , class , dinner , or library and they 're just what need . I 've been looking for a truly functional key finder for years and the only one that really really worked was a pricey sharper image key finder which is n't made anymore . I wish they made them like they make key fobs for cars . These manufacturers clearly did no real world QA whatsoever.Pros : I have n't lost my keys since I attached them .
 Someone gave this to me for Christmas and my experience with it forces me to label it a loser . Half the time , it does n't respond to the whistle ; other times you have to be right on top of it for it to respond and you can just bend over and pick up your set of keys ; other times , it goes off in your pocket when your other keys make a jangling noise . I will admit that the light works fine . Bottom line - it 's a loser .
 If Steve -LRB- Humphrey Bogart -RRB- had one of these in his pocket at the time , the beeper would have interrupted Lauren Bacall 's seductive invitation , and Bogie and Bacall might never have made it off that Nazi-infested island ... Nor will you even NEED to whistle to set this baby off , talking will do it , an E above C will do it , as will a ringing phone , your radio or thermos , even the sound of your KEYS hitting the sensor will set off a sound you 'll hear so often and so annoyingly that you may develop an unwanted associated response . While not truly Pavlovian , some of the responses here-like wanting to destroy it violently -- suggest just how annoying sensitive this is.Give it credit
 I need the adress so I can return the boxes . Please tell tem to include an adress when a customer wants to return an item . Thank YouA
 When I unpacked this thing this morning , I had a good laugh since I am the WORST when it comes to losing keys . My entire family was amused to see that it did just what it was supposed to do when we whistled ... but then the phantom whistles began . This thing is SUPER sensitive . There is no way that I could keep this thing on my keychain , as the chirp is annoying and it seems like just about anything will set it off . Oh well .
 Product blows . Worked with two whistles then nothing . Garbage product . The person I bought it from reimbursed me in full . Great customer service for sure .
 Sure , a huge bucket full of letters and numbers is educational , but this particular bucket is a bad buy . The magnets are not very strong at all . And to make it worse , no one really thought of balance when designing this set of letters and numbers . Even with magnets , gravity still works . When you try to place a letter correctly , the low grade magnets and the weight of the plastic turn the letter on it 's side . if you 're very lucky , the magnet will stay there and just hang wrong . However , most of the letters just slide down to the floor . Maybe I just got a bad set ; i do n't know . what I do know is that less than half of the letters in the bucket would attract to the surface . and less than half of those would actually stay in place and upright . Most of them just end up on the floor . Buyer beware . keep your receipt .
 I know that is a toy , of course , but is expensive for the quality . It 's too simple , you need record your ovice all the time , do n't have a small memory , for example . Ok , myabe that no is a problem buy the sound queality is toooooooooooooo bad , the sound is like a old congratulations paper card with music & iquest ; Do you remember ? Yes , but sound , well my money went to the trash . Ah , you just can record about of 5 second ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is way smaller than it looks . And really not worth buying . One of my son 's still has n't even taken it out of the package , and he got it 6 months ago . That 's how unimpressive it is .
 I 'm not sure who is rating this but my expectations were high for this toy based on all these raters giving this gadget 5 stars . I 'm sorry to say that I do n't think so . You can not use it as a voice changer without having to record something each time . There are other voice changers that allow you to add voice effects as you speak . Not this one . That reduces the fun effect . The microphone does n't capture the voice that well and the speakers are weak . I had to play it near someone 's ear for them to hear it or tell all to stay silent . Reducing the fun even more . Some one here said that you can even clip it somewhere ? No clips found . Nevertheless you can still get giggles -LRB- 1st star -RRB- plus it includes batteries to play out of the box -LRB- 2nd star -RRB- .
 This was one of my son 's Christmas presents . It would n't work when we opened it , but would repeat our words in a garbled tone . I thought it was the batteries , so we went out and purchased three more . The new batteries did n't fix it . Since I did n't think it was worth sending back , I opened it up and discovered that the wires going from the battery to the circuit board were damaged . I soldered new wires on , and it works now.It does change your voice , but is n't a great toy . He , nor his two brothers , used it very much . I tried playing around with it to get them interested in it , but to no avail . It does work , however , after replacing the defective wires .
 Other than the few giggles from hearing your voice changed , it was just crappy ! Be careful this product has expensive delivery by default ! I payed -LRB- for not being careful -RRB- more than twice as much the cost of the product for its delivery ! . . A real waist of money ! It is hardly audible and the kids get bored of it REALLY quickly !
 For very small children ! All it does is change your pitch . It either makes your voice high or low . If your over the age of 8 or 9 ... . I would n't suggest it .
 NOT QUALITY . reallly boring i gave it away to some little kid i hated it it only records like 10 seconds
 Kid played with it all of 10 mins total since Christmas . Volume very low . Could have been fun if it worked a little better .
 Thought this would be a fun toy for my nephew who wants to be a spy , L0 , Lb.uWtas glad it included the tiny 357 batteries , but they were dead and the kid had to wait for me to get new batteries | before he could play With it . Also , they can only record about a 15 second message ,
 My son received this toy for Christmas , just before his second birthday . It is absolutely useless ! It does n't turn , so it is very difficult to `` drive '' in anything but a straight line . The wheels are so big , my son ca n't ride it without running over his own feet ; he can only move it by taking tiny little steps . This toy might be better for a younger child , but if you have an older child that really wants to RIDE on a toy , skip this one . I 'd HIGHLY recommend the Chicco Toys Play 'N Ride Train -- my son has had this for a year ; he plays with it every day and it has an excellent steering mechanism so he can ride it all over the house very easily .
 My 8 year old daughter bought this with her own birthday money and was very excited at the idea of watching caterpillars grow into butterflies ! After waiting over a month to recieve the caterpillars by mail we followed the instructions carefully -LRB- do n't touch the caterpillars or open the container unitl they form cocoon -RRB- all of the caterpillars died ! My daughter was very sad !
 I am sorry to report that this item was a total failure . We followed directions explicitly . At first , two or three of the plants `` sprouted . '' Then , they withered and died , and the soil started to grow surface mold . The concept and the packaging were good . The product is not.I did return the item and received a refund , so the company was very good about their refund policy .
 So all the reviews I read before ordering were pretty positive unfortunately mine will not be . I followed the set-up instructions to a T and here 's what happened
 I have an 8 year old son . He was so excited when I told him he could buy one of these at our local store . It cost him $ 12.00 with tax . That is a month 's worth of allowances for him . He was so disappointed when it would n't change from flat to a ball.His older brother -LRB- 20 years old -RRB- and older sister -LRB- 16 years old -RRB- helped him . They read the instructions . It would n't work . It would only change to a ball if it hit the ground . The package says `` Throw a disc ... catch a ball ! '' It also says `` Pops into a ball at random ! '' The `` at random '' part is the thing you have to worry about . It also says `` Time-Delay performance may be affected in wet , sandy , or dusty conditions . '' We were n't in those conditions . It is n't reliable . It just is n't fun.I just wanted to help anyone who is considering getting one of these for their child .
 I diligently followed the directions ... To the letter ... And it was still a disasterous failure . Nothing grew . I tried it a second time , more meticulous than before but had the same result . This is the only plant thing that has n't grown for me . So much for praying for success!Avoid this like one of the Biblical plagues !
 I am so disappointed that I already bought the turbo twist math for my 6 year old . I Think that he would really love to play with it but I ca n't believe that when I went to order the spelling one I saw the mind station and read about it . How unfair it is to charge a monthly fee for an already expensive toy . Kids need to learn exactly these things but I ca n't afford to pay a monthly service . So I guess I will be returning the turbo twist math . Bummer !!!!!!!!
 This product is educational and everything , but just at what it says under features ... `` Requires additional fee for this service '' . I suggest you pay attention to this because you probably were n't suspecting that ...
 This has got to be the best learning toy `` idea '' yet . I love the concept of downloading new material as the child grows . I also love the idea that all four of my kids -LRB- ages 2 and up -RRB- can benifit from one purchase . Unfortunatley , it is still just an idea . An iquest , Imagination Desk , Leap Pad and Mindstation were all recieved as gifts two months ago . I promptly signed up for service online and waited patiently for my Leappond magazine and removable tray needed for the Leap Pad . It is now June and I am still waiting . Customer service only helped when a supervisor was brought in to handle my account . I was accused of lying and then hung up on . I am sorry I just read the reviews for these products . I may have returned them to the store if I knew how difficult it would be to get these toys up and running . Three months of my 6 free are now gone . I will rewrite my review if , when it does get fixed , the `` idea '' is still worth it . Buyer beware .
 when I purchased this product it asked me if I would like to purchase the required batteries . Eight dollar batteries at that . My mind station has know place to put batteries , it requires an ac adapter , which is not even offered . So my review is this , it might be a wonderful product if we were able to use it .
 This product is no longer supported by the company . Which means there are no downloads available anymore ... I do n't know why it 's still for sale .
 While my son was thrilled to receive this as a gift , we were not prepared for the fact that the internet service would be down while they are upgrading . The message on the sight simply says `` check back soon '' with no information as to how long the site will be unavailable . With a brand new toy , why do they need to be down for upgrading ? This should have been taken care of before the toy was introduced . We have , in effect , purchased a toy that you can not use . Furthermore , there is no way to find out when the toy can be used . Seems like a waste of money to me .
 I have never felt so ripped off . After buying two Iquests -LRB- one for each of my kids -RRB- and the Mind Station , I have discovered two things
 I expected to be able to really expand my sons Imagination Desk and School Time Leap Top . I was very disappointed when I found out that the only change for the School Time Leaptop was the basic apples in the tree changed to monkeys or coconuts . That 's it !!!!! Oh , you can make it do progress reports for your child , but if you are working with your kid -LRB- like you should be in my opinion -RRB- then you will know how they are doing . What a waste!So I grabbed his Imagination Desk thinking certainly it would be different for that . Wrong ! It turns out that all of those ` cool coloring pages ' that you see listed on the site -LRB- which you can print without a mindstation -RRB- still ca n't be used with the mindstation . You need the actual cartridge that was in the package with the coloring book ... -LRB- I did n't know this and it was n't clear on that fact -RRB- The ONLY thing you can do with the mindstation with this product is get `` Get Ready For Kindergarten '' pages , which are basically the same thing as the free pages ! 7 roosters , you point at the number , it says it 's a rooster . Woohoo -- ... I 'm going to take it back ... where my son can get a toy that will teach him more than this terrible waste of money called a Mindstation ... but the addition mindstation thing is a serious waste of money ... and I 'm no ` tight-wad ' .
 The Mind Station is helpful if you use all of the other toys . I liked it because I could put my children 's weekly spelling list on it for the Turbo Spelling for them to practice each week . One of the downsides is that I had to buy an additional memory cartridge for my second child . Another disadvantage is that you have to buy a subscription in order to keep using it after the initial free 6 month period after purchase . So , I have n't seen my kids really using it that much since the inital month or two after it was first given to them . We have the Turbo Spelling and the Leap Pad , but only use the Mind Station with the Turbo Spelling .
 We purchased our Mind Station , fully expecting it to work . Our Mind Station came with a serial port connector , even though we bought it recently . There was a notation on their site that said a USB adaptor would be provided free . They have since removed this offer , and in fact do n't even advise using an adaptor at all now . If you do buy this `` thing '' , please make sure that it comes with a USB connector . With time , tax and the purchase price , along with transportation costs , it was a costly mistake.For the Mind Stations that they did sell , they should make it right for the consumer . I received , however polite , an `` I 'm sorry , I wish I could help you . Can you show me exactly where you found it on our site ? '' There are thousands of question combinations to scroll through . I was told by their customer service representative that in order to provide the proper connector , it would cost them about -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . That 's about what it cost us for the privelidge to speak with their representative and to be sent away .
 I recently bought a Never Ending Mind Station and blank cartridges off of Ebay , thinking that it would be great to upgrade the Turbo Twist games I have had for 2 years . What a waste of money ! It was only after I had bought the mind station new in the box that I found out that LeapFrog does n't support this device anymore . In fact , there is nothing on their site for this product except a section to download a owners manual in case you lost the one you have . After contacting LeapFrog on their Facebook page , I was told that there was no support or upgrades for this product anymore . What a waste of 20 dollars for something that has no use!I strongly recommend for any parent who sees one of these on Ebay or even on CragisList NOT to buy it . You wo n't be able to use it and you will just waste money .
 This is supposed to be an excellent product ... BUT , since it requires an AC adapter -LRB- which IS NOT INCLUDED -RRB- I have n't been able to use the product yet . -LRB- How silly to sell something without all the necessary items ! -RRB- My advice ! Open the box and check to see what is included before you bring it home - NO WHERE ON THE BOX DID IT SAY IT NEEDED AN AC ADAPTER THAT WAS NOT INCLUDED ! I 'm hoping this is worth all the extra trip to the store to get an adapter . -LRB- As for the `` stars '' for this review ... who knows ???? It was a required field -RRB-
 I got this play thing called a mind station and it is a peice of junk do n't buy it my mom spent all that money and now we have to send it back buyers do n't buy it .
 The Leapfrog products are great and educational , but I do not like that after you purchase a product like the Turbo Twist speller you buy the Mind Station and then you have a monthly fee that is not heavily advertised on the packaging of this product . My neighbor and I bought this and were caught off guard by the extra monthly cost . We both would not have bought it if we had known and because it is an electronic toy stores are reluctant to return them .
 The leapad turbotwists are fantastic concepts . We bought them intending to use tehm with the mindstation to update them . However , We soon discovered that the mindstation could not be connected to a USB port . THus it could only be used on legacy -LRB- older computers -RRB- Before you buy a mind station make sure your computer will support a serial interface . I contacted the company and they said they are trying to develop a UB capable Mind sation . Before you buy make sure your getting an interface connection your computer can use
 What a disappointment . Downloading problems with audio . I found the Support Dept. to be no help at all . Following their instructions wasted hours of my time . In order to use the activity sheets , you need a special tray which does not come with the Mind Station . It will be sent when you register your product . I registered on 12/8 , got an e-mail on 12/14 that it would be in the mail 3 - 4 days ; have n't seen it . So the Mind Station is a totally useless Christmas gift being we ca n't do anything without this tray . The activity packs are 3 sheets . 3 sheets and the cartridge can only be used for one at a time . Also you can not see the activity sheets until you have downloaded the pack so there is no way to know beforehand if it will be something useful to your child . I feel extremely sorry for the parents that will spend their entire Christmas Day trying to hook this up for their child only to find out they wo n't be able to use it for 6 - 8 weeks when the tray comes in . Leapfrog blew it with this product . They owe a public apology to the purchasers of the Mind Station . For $ 40 + , they should include the tray with the Mind Station and should also include an extra cartridge . The web site should also allow you to preview what you are downloading to avoid wasted time and more disapointment.What I expected to be the greatest Christmas present has turned out to be the biggest disappointment .
 I have 3 kids of different ages who use the mindstation . There was only one cartridge with the unit they received for Christmas and I 've searched the stores but can not find other cartridges . In order for one child to use the cartridge , I have to erase information on there for another child . The other complaint is that the pages it prints out do n't stay in place on the Leap Pad . Therefore , you touch the pen to the word or picture and it will tell you the wrong thing . You have to hold the paper perfectly still ... one slip and you lose it ! It 's totally aggravating and had we not received it as a gift I would never had bought one .
 To enter in your child 's own weekly spelling lists on the Leapfrog Turbo Twist Spell you have to have a Mind Station and pay for a subscription to Leapfrog 's online service . Phooey on that ! Also , it 's would be nice to know that you have to pay a subscription fee for each toy . I 'm sending mine back .
 Leapfrog no longer supports this device and has removed all the parts of their website needed to allow it to operate.Even after downloading the most current software , setting up a new account ect ... the device is unable to connect.It 's not that they just do n't support the product any longer , They have actually broken it remotely by making it entirely dependent on a website that they took down .
 I purchased the Mind Station about 12 months ago . The connector did not fit the new computer , so I bought a $ 20 + attachment with the advice of Leapster tech support . Now I 'm hooked to the computer and trying to connect to Leapster web site , but they no longer service the Mind Station ! They wont even answer my tech support questions . DO N'T BUY MIND STATION AT ANY PRICE !
 This is from the leap frog sitePlease Note : As of January 1st , 2008 , MindStation , the Downloads for MindStation andthe Never Ending Learning Club are no longer supported on leapfrog.com.Printable downloads will be available until June 1st , 2008 .
 For all of the parents who have been disappointed with the `` new toy '' from Leap Frog called Mind Station -- this is not the toy ! I purchased the Leap Pad system PLUS the Mind Station system for my daughter for Christmas . I knew that I had to have one of the Leap Frog `` toys '' in order to get the most out of the Mind Station . I think a little more research should have been done . The Mind Station is a wonderful add on tool for the Leap Frog systems . I could also not get on the website due to upgrading , but my daughter had the book that came with the Leap Pad to play with . If everyone out there had looked into this item a little better , you would have found that you need one of the toys to get the most out of it . My only complaint so far is where can I get more of the cartridges ? I want to be able to save what I download until we do n't use it anymore . I gave the Mind Station one star for fun -- because it is not a toy , but what it provides to the Leap Pad learning system is valued well above ... !
 I was considering purchasing this item for my two daughters who are six and four . After reading more negative reviews than positive reviews , I decided to wait . I was wondering why there was only one catridge . With two children and two Leap Pads I would need more than one . Thank you to everyone who gave an honest review .
 The entire line of Mindstation products left my entire family disappointed . The Leap Pad works find but downloading and printing new content is at best a challenge and the monthly magazine that requires audio content downloads is full of glitches . In addition to the Leap Pad we have four of the twist units -LRB- Math , Spelling , Vocabulary and Fact Blaster -RRB- and all of the promises of progress reports and new content are completely misinformed . The customer service was terrible , I would get a different solution -LRB- that did n't work -RRB- to the same problem from each person I spoke with unless they tried to convince me that it was my computer 's problem which happened frequently . If I thought it would n't be a complete waste of time I would pack up all of the items and send them back to LeapFrog . I doubt they would even take notice . At least I have a child young enough to still get some use out of these things before his knowledge passes them .
 First , even though the instructions show both serial and USB connections , there was only serial on our model making a -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- adapter necessary for us to use with our one-month old computer.Second , each time I attempt to download a new activity from the leapfrog website , the cartridge will successfully erase -LRB- step 1 -RRB- but never manages to finish downloading the activity . On both computers in our home , we get errors telling us that the transfer was interrupted , check the cable connection from the Mind Station to the computer and make sure the cartridge is inserted fully into the Mind Station ... both are OK.The Leapfrog help site states that this is caused by insufficient battery power but these batteries are BRAND NEW ! I 'm sending this gift back even though I had HIGH HOPES that it would improve my daughter Leaptop toyl
 My child , ... was recently given an imagination desk for his 3rd birthday . I thought it would be nice to be able to download new activities from home , so I bought him the mind station . I was , however , disappointed when I discovered that the choices of new activities include a total sum of two coloring books - both of which were too basic for him . If my kid can already count to a hundred , he does not need a toy that teaches him to count to three . Do not buy this toy for the imagination desk unless your child is starting from the very beginning .
 In regards to content for the Leap Pad , the concept is good , but activity delivery is terrible . I do n't have a slow computer , but the activity sheets take forever to print , the audio tracks take all day to download , and it 's simply impossible to get the sheets aligned on the Leap Pad toy . It would be a little less offensive if you could download audio and print the activity pages at the same time . It would also be helpful if there were better instructions available for aligning the printed pages on the toy . All in all , it 's a lot of money for questionable content .
 As I had heard there was a compatibility issue with this product and only those items manufactured after August 2002 would be USB compatible , I called ahead to customer service to ensure this item was USB compatible . I was assured by customer service that this was the latest version and , therefore , decided to purchase . This is not the USB compatible version of the product . What a disappointment ! It has since been returned and will have to purchase at a brick and mortar store so I can actually read the packaging . Ughhh !!!
 While I think the idea is great , the execution is terrible . The Mind Station only comes with a serial port connection -LRB- old technology -RRB- and not a USB port connection -LRB- standard technology -RRB- and since my serial port connection is already occupied I was unable to connect the Mind Station to the computer . Note , I was able to find a serial to USB adapter -LRB- as suggested by the people at Leapfrog -RRB- , but the adapter costs more than the product .
 Leapfrog informed me today when I went to their website to upload new spelling words for my daughter that they no longer support this product - so my turbotwist is also worthless . I spent $ 60 on this and the turbotwist and the 2 mb cartridge about a year ago only to find out it is no longer supported . WASTE of MONEY .
 Although the idea of this is great , it is just about worthless in practice . I have been in touch with the Leapfrog technical support at least 10 times and they still ca n't figure out how to get mine to work . The packaging starts out confusing with a lot of talk about an AC adaptor that it turns out you really do n't even need if you have a USB port . But nowhere does it even say that . Then the downloading is a nightmare . Apparently it is n't compatable with many internet servers . I see no warning about this . Also , to download things from the internet -LRB- if you ever can -RRB- you have to pay a membership fee . It did not say this on the product info . The good news is that you get your first year free . I am down to 9 months left and I have not been able to download anything ! At no time has anyone from Leapfrog seemed at all apologetic much less offered a refund which is about all that would make me happy at this point . This thing is a complete waste of money . To be fair , I like all of my other Leapfrog things . I have the spelling Tubotwist and a Leap Pad . I think they just are n't equiped to do the internet downloading properly .
 I thought this would be perfect for my grand-daughter 's 8th birthday since she is very interested in places of the world . I was so disappointed that the graphics are all in Spanish -LRB- Oceano Atlantico , etc. -RRB- Nowhere in the product discription was this stated . I was under the impression that she would have the option of English or Spanish for the spoken words , which would have been fine , but she , nor I , read Spanish . Now I am told that I must pay to return this product , which is of no use to my grand-daughter .
 My kids who are 11 and 8 got this globe for Christmas . They had it for about two weeks when it suddenly died . I thought maybe it was the batteries so I changed them and it still did not work . They never really got any use out of this . In the brief time that I did work it always acted as if it were `` shorting out '' or something . This toy is NOT worth the money .
 Defintely a great concept but the touch pen quit working after about half a year . Now its just a plain globe . Ratings are based on function level after it quit working , since I found many similar sotries on the web . Sad the quality is so LOW . It would be all 5s otherwise
 I bought the Explorer Globe two months ago and It 's no longer working .
 We bought this brand new for our 4 year old , who is fascinated with maps . It 's great for continents , larger countries and states ... but just try to pinpoint Rhode Island with that pen and you will be told '' Two states have been chosen . If you want Rhode Island , choose the red arrow , if you want Connecticut , choose the blue arrow '' or some similar message . Well , to a child trying to learn the names of the states and countries , that is not terribly helpful - if he knew what he wanted , he would n't be asking the state 's name to begin with . Oh , and good luck in Eastern Europe!If I were the only one with such problems , I would return it for another and give it another try , but since this there are so many problems ... I think I 'll return it before my 90 days is up in favor of something more reliable .
 My 8 year old son received this as a gift last year for Christmas . By February -LRB- if that -RRB- the pen no longer interacted with the globe , and yes , we tried replacing the batteries . Every Leap Frog product we have bought for our kids has mal-functioned and I think for the prices you pay , they should last a lot longer than they do .
 I am now returning my 2nd globe . The first one came apart -LRB- only held together with a small strip of tape -RRB- and once it is apart you can not get the inside peices to match correctly.So I got a second one . The voice is all messed up , it talks when it 's not being played with , and it says the wrong thing when you press different parts . -LRB- even with new batteries -RRB- . . I am going to try one more-b/c we had so much fun with it before the first one came apart -LRB- after the first time we played with it -RRB- !!!! Good luck
 I bought this for my daughter when we home schooled . We loved it but after a couple of months of use the pen stopped working . You point the pen at the country/state etc. and the computer tells you facts about that area . So its critical to have the pen working ! We looked the item up online and they said to mail the pen into them and we did so without ever hearing back from them . It has been months now . I read someone else 's review with a different problem and they mailed the item back and have n't heard from the company . That is VERY disappointing as this item is fairly pricey and once it does n't work its just a regular globe . Good luck !
 We bought this globe two years ago for my daughter and she loved it ! We too enjoyed learning about the countries , capitals and all the other wonderful information it provides . After GENTLY using this product for two years , I have had to replace the pen twice at $ 5 each including the hassle of getting one and then out of the blue , every country is being incorrectly identified . Sensors have shifted like other users have reported , HOWEVER , because the globe is more than 90 days old , the company now will offer only a replacement globe at half price -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- plus shipping and handling -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- AND I have to ship the old one back at my own expense . All of that translates this globe into close to $ 200 , a lot of time and trouble , a disappointed child , and in my opinion poor product quality and service . Buyer beware .
 This toy is poorly constructed . A flimsy tape , approximately 1/4 '' in width completely encircles and connects both halves of the globe . The tape was n't even properly inserted . In fact the first one we received was damaged and had to be returned . We spent the better part of Christmas eve repairing the replacement globe , and quite frankly we did a better job than the manufacturer . I would n't buy this toy again .
 since day 1 the toy did not work well , the countries are all mixed up in the computer , Ex
 The 4 new globes came defective and all needed replacement batteries . One globe worked for almost 30 days ... when we went to return it to Amazon we were charged a 20 % restocking fee . These globes are very good if they work ! Leap Frog has stopped making them and I wonder why?I would look at the Oregon Scientific model even for a child ... This globe is a waist of $ based on quality .
 Basically it did n't work . The stylus worked about 80 % of the time the first day , about 40 % the second day and it did not work at all the third day .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . My 7 year old daughter just received this globe for Christmas , and was very excited , said it was her favorite gift . Unfortunately , after playing with it for only a day , the tip of the stylus/pen is breaking off , and thus it no longer is interacting correctly with the globe . She was not rough with the pen , used it appropriately , and is now very disappointed that the globe is not working , and that we will be returning it for a refund . I had read many reviews before buying that said the stylus often broke early on , so shame on me for not listening . I expected more from a Leap Frog product , and will avoid buying their products in the future .
 Got it as a birthday gift for our daughter - great product to teach kids about `` the world around '' and she adores it.The product lacks precision and accuracy . At the beginning the problems started with identification of smaller state/country and later ended up in total chaos . Manufacturer suggested replacing the stylus -LRB- FYI - Leap Frog identifies this as a generic complaint and will replace 2 styluses free of cost -RRB- , but the problem continues to exist . Leap Frog once again suggesting the stylus replacement !? Just wondering if I could get a total replacement and the product remain worry free for a while !
 the globe , which was purchased due to reviews , arrived in-half I believe due to poor packaging . because of the price and this was a christmas present , we decided to return the product and purchased another globe of similar type locally .
 My child received a Leap Frog game for Christmas that was defective and trying to exchange it has been a nighmare . The company was completely dismissive and took no responsibility for their products . Their protocal is `` it is not our fault and there is nothing we can do about it . '' Will not buy from them again .
 We purchased this globe , and for the first couple of months it worked perfectly . But then , problems started creeping up ... we had to press the stylus really hard against the globe for it to work . A few days later , it died completely . Replacing batteries did n't help either.While this is an excellent educational product for kids , I would not recommend this globe to anyone due to it 's quality -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- and durability .
 Within the first 10 minutes the globe split into half . Realignment was a challenge - you can imagine how accurate the selection is when the equator is off by 1/32 '' . No problem though as the pen fell off the next day anyway . Do n't waste your money on this poorly manufactured product .
 My daughter just got this as a gift for her 5th b.day . As soon as we opened the box from amazon , the globe was broke in half . I exchanged it at Toys R Us and we just got it home and it 's not working properly . In the middle of the game it starts the game all over and within 5 minutes of using it , it no longer accepts touch with the stylus.I am not sure if we should bother another exchange or not . It took 4 exchanges of leapster before my child got one that worked longer than 3 months . Very disappointing .
 The cost of this toy is very cheap but you can tell when you get it ! It was the worst toy and the cheapest toy my child has gotten and I can tell why it was only the price it does n't work well at all !
 No suitable for kids under 10yrs because too many small parts which needs assembly . Too complicated , require time and patience . Each part need to be glued.Seller should inform the buyers the level of difficulty and return policy -LRB- By the way , not at all good because more than 40 % of the money you paid will be lost for return -RRB- . I strongly recommend , look for different seller with better return policy .
 This arrived in pieces , literally . Most of the magnets had fallen off the hearts by the time it got to my door . The magnets might have been super strong , but the glue holding them together obviously was n't . I returned them and did n't bother ordering more .
 Hourman is one of my favorite characters , but this version stinks . The anatomy is all distorted and awkward , and his facial expression looks like the Creeper from the film `` Jeepers Creepers '' . The more recent JSA version is 100 % better looking and more fun .
 I bought these May 10 , 2012 and they already have lost their magnetic ability . The magnets came loose and fell back into the letter and are too deep now to stick . I recommend trying another brand !
 I bought this because of the size . I wanted to make sure to get letters that would not cause a choking hazard on my young toddler . The size is great , which makes these letter easy to manipulate by little hands . But beware that some of the magnets can come loose , creating a huge hazard . I only had this happen on one letter . And it was loose on arrival . No other letters have had that problem since . But be careful to inspect every letter very carefully and do not leave your child unattended with these .
 While I am an advocate of the Leap Frog line of products , this one was advertised in such a way that I believed I was getting a `` whole product . '' Unbeknownst to me -LRB- 1st time Dad @ 50 -RRB- , this was an accessory to a product that requires the initial purchase of the e-book , etc. . While I have had nothing but praise for Leap Frog products and will probably seek out the components to use it , it was disappointing ... and a lesson learned re caveat emptor ; buyer beware .
 I have just finished playing this with my brother and my 2 children -LRB- 10 & 13 -RRB- and this game caused a lot of problems.The rule book is an 8 page booklet that is quick and simple to read - but does n't cover every situation - Can tickets be used in trades ? - Can a dragon be used in trades ? -LRB- Someone did actually do this in our game , to great advantage -RRB- - Do you have to take a turn ? We assumed you had to , then we had another problem - can you use a transport card to stay where you are ? - When can cards be used ? At the start of you turn ? end ? either ? how many cards can be used ? This rule is very hazy and can lead to exploitation-Can you use ship transport all the way along a blue line or only to the next port?My biggest problem was at the end of the game when I picked up my third Dragon - I realised that there were no other dragons ont he board and everyone else had 2 dragons each - so they could n't win.BUT if they had a ` steal dragon ' card then they could get one of mine , too bad there 's only 2 in the deck and one of them was at the bottom of the deck - that left one left on the table - but if i 'm near the end of the game then I 'm immune to it!I pity the group who plays with 6 players , there is a chance -LRB- a good chance -RRB- that nobody would be able to collect three dragons.This game needs minor changes to the rules , we made about 4 changes in order for the game a lot more fun - but a game that costs this much should n't need rule changes.PS The Hypnotize card is the most unethically exploitable card in the game ; simply ask what everyone else has for trades and then work out who has what you want -LRB- and does n't have a shield -RRB- .
 Not a great game , a lot of rules and a bit tedious . Played it once and have n't played it again in a month , will probably collect dust then go to a garage sale .
 After reading the other reviews of this product , I felt confident enough to go ahead and buy it as a gift for an 8 year old boy . He is learning multiplication tables now , so I figured this was a great present.Unfortunately , once the batteries were in , it kept malfunctioning and when the dials were twisted to 2 numbers , it would read out two totally different numbers and give their result instead of the 2 numbers the dials showed . We tried over and over to get it to work , but it is a DUD!I live overseas so returning it is not an option I am willing to pay the extra freight/duty for . I bought another Leap Frog product at the same time that I have not given as a present yet , I really hope it works .
 My 8 year old found it rather boring , even after I showed her the faster games . She only used it three times , and it sits in the closet . She loves all the other LeapFrog , but found this drab . I would get one of the others with more than just multiplication .
 This learning tool does not let my son change to another fact family
 I bought this toy for my son to learn his multiplication and when i received it , it did not work.So i replaced the batteries , but once i popped them in , it begain malfunctioning and i couldnt shut it off unless i popped the batteries out . I returned it for an exchange and when i received the second one . . it was the same thing with that one . Both times i received DUDs ... toy sounds great , if it worked properly and didnt malfunction .
 I am very disappointed with this so-called educational toy.It is not educational at all because it contains too few words.My 10 years old daughter can easily reach to the highest levelof all the games in 2 to 3 days . I tried the word wizard.Just after few runs , I reached to the highest level as well.Then it starts to repeat it self from the same set of words.The Total number of words I saw in the word wizard is no more than 30 . It is definitely a hoax.Yes , it is durable , but it is almost useless .
 Never ever buy this toy . I am a kid that got this for christmas , I played this for two hours and got to the hardest level and was a breeze . This is the worst toy ever !
 I thought wow ! This must make an awesome present . I 'm going to impress someone big time . I was thinking about an adult who 's into hobbies . But , it actually looks like a $ 6 item . The box is about 7x5 inches . The weight is very light . The contents are cheap . I 'm sure anyone would think this is a Target or Walmart item . Perhaps Revell 's brand name is worth the extra $ 256 ? I am embarrassed . I 'll just let my kids have them instead . Bummer . I thought I 'd found a killer sale .
 I do not own this . I do have several carnivorous seedlings that I 've grown from seeds from a reputable source -LRB- Int . Carnivorous Plant Society or Sarracenia Northwest -RRB- . Heed these warnings on here and avoid this . The entire concept is wrong.Why does amazon as me `` how do you rate this toy overall '' ? A TOY ?!? These are NOT toys . They are challenging plants to raise from seeds . Avoid it .
 My wife and I bought this for the kids . My wife very carefully put it together and followed the instructions meticulously -LRB- she is an M.D. - I think she can follow instructions -RRB- - and nothing happened . Nada . Zip.Funny thing is it 's been about one year now -LRB- I think we got it for last Xmas -RRB- - we still have it sitting on the counter . I think the act of throwing it away would be like admitting defeat - so we just keep it there . It 's got some mold and fungus growing on the inside now , but no carnivorous plants . We even called the company - they were unable to help us .
 Bought this as a birthday present for my 10 year old son . This was the only item he asked for . That was June ! Still no activity . This is a waste of money ! I am so dissapointed in this product . I ca n't believe nothing happened . On top of that , this was his birthday present !
 We got this for my son for Christmas - what a waste . I gave it 2 stars for educational value because it taught him to be careful what he wishes for . He had wanted this for months , and was thrilled when he opened it . We put it all together and then waited ... and waited ... and waited ... for three months while the thing took up room in the refrigerator . We marked the calendar and did everything the directions said when they said to do it . NONE of the plants sprouted . The only carnivorous thing about this was the company producing it and the only thing they wanted to eat was money .
 this terranium takes soooo long ... even for the seeds to germinate in the refrigerator it takes 6 weeks , then planting and waiting for sprouts takes forever . We planted our seeds about 6 mo ago and are finally seeing small sprouts of life . It may just be mold . I planted it w my 2.5 yo , now almost 3yo , son so we could watch seeds grow . It also only comes w 3 stickers and i cant imagine the plants will ever grow to the size shown in the picture . Wish my husband read the reviews before buying this . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 I have been collecting carnivorous plants for 5 years now so I have experience in care of these plants so I can tell you this , never EVER buy one of these . The price for one is way to much , I got the plant in this photo for ten more dollars , here is the link
 This is an awful product , the only thing that gress in this was an algee on the dirt . We waited almost a year before we threw it away . DO N'T waste your mony on this .
 I tried Dunecraft cacti kit with my kids , following instructions without result . Wrote the company and got another set of seeds . New attempt without result.My kids got the carnivorous kit as a present -LRB- no gift receipt unfortunately -RRB- . We went through the whole ordeal of keeping the kit in the refrigerator and then giving it sunlight and having it around for months without any show of life.The kits comes in boxes with pictures of seductive jungle like vegetation . Looks too good to be true ... guess what ... it is.The company responds to complaints with bombastically immature verbiage such as `` completely unfounded and incorrect '' ... `` insulted by false allegations '' ... meanwhile this product is marketed to children with images promising a little garden of Eden.Well , I guess it is a good lesson -LRB- though expensive -RRB- to teach kids about marketing and how to take life 's disappointments ...
 All I have to show after 3 months of following the directions to the T is a pot of dirt with a little pile of rocks ... cool
 This was a big disappointment . Nothing grew in this terrarium , not even a patch of mold or mildew .
 Do n't believe the pictures . I just threw ours out after 1 year . Yes it grew - two tiny thin plants about 2 inches high , and the thickness of a piece of thread . At this rate I would estimate it would take at least 10 -20 years for it to be able to eat a fly . Do n't waste your money or your kids hope . Next year I 'm going to get my son a real plant from a nursery .
 2 YEARS ! I got this in the summer of ' 09 , set it up right away and noticed sprouts a few months ago . On top of that the only thing that sprouted was a lonely venus flytrap . The only reason i kept it so long was because it was growing sphagnum moss which i harvested and used as a top dressing for my other carnivorous plants . So do n't give up , if you wait long enough it just might work ... or you could just buy plants from your local nursery or online . -LRB- i use california carnivores -RRB-
 Not one plant grew . If you put your own seeds in there , then it works great . Basically a very expensive plastic pot .
 Do n't buy this product . Save your money . We followed the directions and nothing sprouted at all .
 I got this kit in the hopes of having a great unique garden ; what I have is a little domed dish of dirt that smells funky . I spent the 8 weeks conditioning the soil in a cold garage , then put it out after the last frost -LRB- when I put all my ` normal ' plants out -RRB- . I checked regularly , and had my peroxide solution to spray to prevent mold , but nothing grew , not even mold . What a huge waste of months of waiting . I have bought full grown Venus fly traps on a few trips to Myrtle Beach South Carolina , and loved them . To anyone who is thinking of getting this , DO N'T BOTHER !!! Just find somewhere that sells growing plants , or ask your local florist if they can order a few for you .
 The seeds have to chill for 8 weeks and then they wo n't grow , even if you follow the instructions exactly . I called the company and left voicemails requesting replacement seeds -LRB- never got a real person -RRB- and they sent some , which also did n't grow . I give up . Waste of $ 25 , and kiddo very sad .
 I 've been a growing carnivorous plants for almost 4 years . And , honestly , I have better luck following stratification guidlines and growing the seeds on a windowsil from plants that I have.The seeds for carnivorous plants have a specific self life . And , you have no idea how fresh the seeds you recieve are . If they 're not stored correctly , they wo n't germinate.This product has the right idea regarding the required humidity levels and stratification required . But , if the seeds are old , they will not grow.Period.Best to buy established plants , harvest the seeds and attempt cultivation from that point following the specifics of cultivation for carnivores .
 If I could rate this piece of junk ZERO stars , I would . I purchased this for a school project that my son needed to do . Followed the directions EXACTLY , even going out and buying distilled water as was stated in the directions . NOT ONE THING GREW ! I wish I had read the reviews before wasting my time and money on this scam . My son was very dissapointed and we had to come up with a quick plan B for his project . Save yourself the aggrivation and look for another product .
 well after reading all these reviews i now realize i was one click away to wasting 20 $ . Thank goodness i read these reviews because if i hadnt had my 6 year old daughter would have been crying her eyes out because her `` carnivorous plant kit '' never sprouted a single seed thank you all for the honest reviews i guess ill have to get my daughter another gift .
 Growing CPs from seed is not easy ! And growing CPs in a terrarium is even harder -LRB- they need full sun , wet soil , and a special soil mix -RRB- . They grow native from Texas through the Carolinas and do not need the tropical environment of a terrarium where fungus will attack and kill . This terrarium set up is doomed to failure . CPs are actually very easy to grow outdoors with a little proper instruction . Obtain your plants or seeds -LRB- takes years to get a decent plant via seeds -RRB- from a reputable online nursery -LRB- I have bought several excellent plants from Sarracenia Northwest -RRB- and then search the web for proper growing instructions . Skip this item and the goofy terrarium domes at Walmart .
 We were really excited about this item , but have been very disappointed . We followed the directions EXACTLY , even putting the planted terrarium in the refrigerator for 8 weeks -LRB- which was frustrating AND a pain in the neck -RRB- -- and still we have nothing growing -- after weeks and weeks of waiting ! Rotten thing to do to a kid!The plastic dome is of decent quality , and we got living carnivorous plants from an online seller -- worked out much better . This is a TOTAL waste of time and money , unfortunately .
 We followed the directions EXACTLY and nothing is growing . They tell you to `` be patient '' . Well , we started this process 4 1/2 months ago and the only green thing in there is the tiny plastic lizard . The `` educational value '' of this is
 I bought one for myself in NY and one for my grandson in CA . Directions were followed exactly and NOTHING grew in either . After numerous emails , new packages of seeds were sent . And we both started over AGAIN.This meant another 2 months in the frig . And what happens ? Nothing grew again . Being slow to learn , I decided to get more seeds and try it yet again . Guess what ... nothing grew this time either.So after 5 attempts with new seeds by two different people on opposite sides of the US , still nothing . A complete waste of money !
 i got this as a surprise present from my mom . maybe i did n't long enough but still i waited for six weeks and nothing i think you would have gotten something by then . it would have been so cool if it had done anything.P.S.don ' t give this as a gift in cold weather
 I would give this kit zero stars if I could . The instructions say that it takes 6-8 weeks for the seeds to sprout . I kept them in moist peat and warm temperatures for over three months after the recommended period of refrigeration . Not a single seed sprouted . I finally had to throw out the whole kit when mold took over . Complete waste of time and money.But if you 're feeling lucky , you should know that most of the seeds in this kit are n't much bigger than pinheads , and they all come packaged together in the same tiny plastic bag . So if you want to have each type of plant growing in a different section of the plastic tray provided in the kit - like that shown on the box cover - you need to separate out each seed under a strong magnifying glass . And even then you wo n't be successful , as most of these seeds look just like ground pepper . I accidentally spilled a few on the floor , and after sweeping them all up I literally could n't tell them from the other debris in the dustpan.By the way , it takes a minimum of 6-8 years living in ideal growing conditions for any of the plants in this kit to reach the sizes shown on the box cover . These are NOT plants that can simply be put on a windowsill . They need an environment that is not easily provided in the average home - LOTS of very bright light -LRB- about 15 hours a day -RRB- and very wet acidic growth medium -LRB- such as sphagnum moss -RRB- . These plants need to have their feet kept wet but the rest of them kept dry . And even then , these are VERY slow-growing plants . If you use incandescent bulbs to provide the necessary level of light , the amount of heat they produce can easily raise the temperature to lethal levels . For this reason I recommend a combination of fluorescent bulbs and a moist/dry heating pad at the bottom . Be sure that whatever heating pad you use is n't the type that shuts off automatically after one hour of use.Some warnings ... These plants flourish only in a very limited range of environments and nourishment . The care you would normally give a houseplant will - in all likelihood - kill these plants : NEVER feed them animal protein -LRB- like hamburger -RRB- . The fats in meat are n't digestible and can kill them.NEVER use tap water to water them . The mineral build-up can kill them so use distilled water only.NEVER feed them insects that have been killed by insecticides , like RAID . Carnivorous plants should be fed soft-bodies insects like small slugs , ants , termites , etc. , rather than hard-shelled insects such as beetles . Well-stocked pet stores will carry dried mealworms , but even these will need to be cut into very small pieces . Just as a baby needs tiny mouthfuls of food , so too do Venus flytraps.NEVER fertilize them . These are very slow-growing plants and any attempt to force them to grow will kill them .
 My daughter eyed this in the store for weeks and I surprised her with it for her birthday . We followed all of the instructions and , like the other reviewers , nothing happened . The seeds do no germinate . Even one star is far too generous for this product .
 I agree with previous reviewers . I would give this product zero stars if that was possible . We bought this kit once and received another one for a gift . So , we have twice tried to make this work . Both times we followed the directions exactly and nothing ever grew . It was so disappointing for my son . This is an awful product ! Go to a garden center and buy live carnivorous plants . You will never get them to grow from this kit .
 This purchase was a waste of money . I followed the instructions carefully , but had nothing to show for it .
 This is the WORST gift I have ever bought . It was bought for my 9 year old ... We followed all instructions down to the last letter and notheing , I mean nothing grew . He cried for days . I do all My shopping here , and have always been pleased . But not with this one . You should be ashamed for even having this one on your shopping page for sale . And I did n't even want to rate it ...
 You 're better off just buying a live plant from Amazon , because this kit will not grow anything other than mold or moss . I even put one of the seed packets in the refrigerator like the directions said and planted them at a later date ... 3 months later and not even a hint of a carnivorous plant is in the terrarium whose soil is kept moist with store-bought distilled water and given ample sunlight.You can buy this for someone if you want to teach them the life lesson of disappointment , because that is the only thing they will have after months of taking care of this thing without any positive results.The live plant I bought on Amazon not only arrived in great condition , but is currently thriving outside next to the the terrarium that is now growing green moss .
 I bought 2 of these for my God Daughter and a friends daughter . . They both did the directions as said -LRB- which where stupid , due to having to place some of the seeds in the refigerator for 6 weeks to root . . A JOKE as well -RRB- Anyway . . nothing rooted , nothing grew in the dom or the zip lock bag provided in the kit to root while in the refigerator . . WASTED MONEY AND A BIG DISPOINTMENT FOR THE GIRLS ... Because of the time to wait for the growth of the product . . way too late to ask for a refund . . !!! My loss but it is your gain if you read this and take my advise . . DONT BUY . .
 My little 10yr old biologist basically lived ate and slept with the cool instructions . He read them over and over and over . The thought of growing his very own predatory plants was awesome . However , months later we have grown basically nothing.Even IF it works you are looking at up to 5 YEARS to grow these things . My kid will be in college by the time they are mature.Looked like a nice concept out of the box however , too many variables . Do n't waste your money .
 Got it for my son at about $ 25 . We followed the directions to a t . The seeds did not even sprout . I looked into contacting customer service , but then figured it was not worth it . Really , this product is a total waste of money , effort and is a big disappointment . Watch your local nursery for carnivorous plants ... we got a venus flytrap for 6 bucks that lasted a good year ... much more satisfying .
 The instructions are horribly written and the picture on the cover ? You need to work at this for up to three years to get a terrarium of that magnitude.If you decide to give it a shot , clear out a space in your fridge for it and be prepared to devote a good amount of time to it . Our friends actually do have things growing in theirs , so I believe it is possible . But you have to be very diligent with it .
 My daughter got this for her birthday . We followed the directions down to the letter - leaving it in the fridge for weeks , using only rainwater , etc. . After several months ONE plant began to grow - 6 months later and after lots of research - I 've determined that we 've spent 10 meticulous months growing some plain clover . I 'm disgusted .
 I received this item as a gift . I wish I had read the reviews prior to asking for it . DO NOT BUY THIS ! I am surprised this is still being sold considering it is a rip off . The manufacturer has the gall to include pictures in the brochure of what the plants are supposed to look like after 3 mths , 6 mths , etc. . What a joke ! First of all , the growing medium described in the instructions is not the same that 's included in the kit . After following the instructions to a tee , refrigerating the darn things for the specified time period and planting them as described , none of the seeds that required refrigeration germinated . After I was about to throw the entire thing into the trash bin -LRB- about 3 months post-planting -RRB- one tiny plant germinated from the packet that did not require refrigeration . It is still there , growing oh so very slowly -LRB- nothing like what 's described in the manual -RRB- . Please do not spend $ 25 in the hopes of MAYBE getting a single plant out of it . This company needs to be out of business for lying to its customers .
 I bought this and did exactly what the instructions said 3 1/2 months later -LRB- after it was supposed to be a seedling -RRB- and not one seed has even sprouted . DO NOT BUY THIS !!! Just a waste of money .
 We put the seeds in to grow in early January 2012 , set it up as instructed , even provided it a warm room with its own lighting and it was a NO GO ! NO seedlings , NO , Nothing ! We went to the company website to order some more seeds , in case it was something we did wrong , and they wanted to charge $ 7.99 for the packets and $ 8.99 for the shipping . So , the seeds would cost almost as much as buying a whole new set . Needless to say , a big disappointment . Save your money and go to your local hardware store and get yourself a pre-grown Venus fly trap . At least , you 'll have something to look at .
 This was a complete waste of money and a total disappointment . It takes years to get the plants to look like they do in the picture . Directions say that the venus flytraps will be ready in FIVE years ! Well , great ! That means my son will be 10 by the time it is interesting . Very misleading ! Should say all of that on the box before you buy !
 I bought this for my son last christmas . What a disappointment ! After waiting for the 8 weeks to pass with it in the fridge taking up valuable space , we saw the new plants hatching but after that ... nothing . They all died . I should have went to Home Depot and bought a Venus Fly Trap and that would have been much cheaper and worth it .
 followed the different suggestions / directions to get these to grow - would n't grow and it was a waste of time and money
 Put simply this does n't work . If you are looking for disappointment you 've come to the right place ! A waste of time and money .
 I followed the instructions to the letter , but still only ended up with mud -LRB- and some mold -- even the rubber snakes got moldy -RRB- . Adding to the confusion is the fact that the instructions on the sheet , and the instructions that accompany the soil are different -LRB- at least they were in my kit ... seems they are implementing a new `` soil disc '' -RRB- . I followed the instructions that came with the soil but it seemed too saturated . So ... how was I then supposed to get the water out ?! I left it as it was ... I 'm only guessing that that was the cause of the utter failure , but I 'll never know for sure.Everything was a bust . 6-week `` stratification '' in the refrigerator rendered me more mud . Even my 4-year-old who was so excited about this project tells me , `` Let 's throw it away . `` I 'd suggest buying a carnivorous plant that is already grown , or growing -LRB- you can find them on Amazon for less than $ 10 -RRB- . At the very least , the container should have some holes on the bottom , so the excess water can drain out . As it is , it 's just a flimsy plastic bowl . If I were going to do this again , which I 'm not , I would have poked some of my own holes in the bottom.I do n't know if this is a `` bad '' product . I may have erred somewhere along the line . However , after reading the quite extensive instructions , I knew that it was important to `` do it right '' with the right amount of water , the right kind of water -LRB- distilled -RRB- , the right amount of refrigeration , etc. , etc. . And still ... nothing.My hat 's off to anyone who can make this work . I wish I could offer a better review , as it seemed like such a good idea at the time ...
 This is a ripoff , the plants did n't grow , it was missing parts and is a waste of money . Some seeds sprouted but grew mold and died . Complete waste of money and a disappointment , DO NOT BUY !!!!
 First off , let me tell you something . This game is SO hard . My brother got it for his birthday , then gave it to me . Its more frustrating than watching Harrison Ford telling random people he wants his family back . And THATS pretty frustrating . First of all , its not very sturdy . It broke a month after I got it . Now it randomly turns on and plays that annoying level music that makes you want to scream and start punching a wall . Its just one crappy 5 second loop with awful sound quality that can make anyone cringe with distaste . The levels are n't great either . They 're filled with all these kinks that make the game impossible . Like , I was on level 2 , I was GON NA make it to three , but there was a low wall that caused the ball to roll over it , thus setting me back by at least a whole level . Stupid , right ? Level one was decently easy , no challenge , level two was decently hard , and level three was DOWNRIGHT IMPOSSIBLE !!!!! No one can do it !!! The combined frustration with the bad music and the impossible third level made me almost throw this evil mind-trap out the window . If you value your sanity , DO N'T BUY IT !!!!!
 I had the same problem as the other reviewer . This product seemed easy to use but just did n't work right . It flew up in the air but did not go very high and did n't make very many bubbles . It actually flew rather erratically and scared my daughter . After a while , it just kind of pooped out and did n't work .
 I had to drive to El Lay from Marin recently and gave little Derrick this `` travel toy '' . What a MESS ! The first time he lets one rip , its spins off the rear view mirrow , hooks around my left ear and spins into my cheek , lacerating it in the process . Did I mention I was doing 65 MPH up the Waldo Grade at the time ? !!! I slam on the brakes in the Benz and junior goes flying . We made it out OK but , and this is a very big BUT here people ...
 This game is a pain . If you are a collector it would be worth it , but otherwise - do n't bother . It is designed as a multiple player game , but the area is too small for people to `` buzz in '' to answer the questions as you are supposed to . You have to type in question codes and it times out after a few seconds . It is annoyingly complicated . The area behind Homer is cardboard and can easily bend or rip off . If the game were simpler to use and the console a little bigger , it would be alot more fun to play . Basically , it is n't designed well . The sayings are fun , but if you want a trivia game just get the trivia tin .
 This game is good for collectors but not for Simpsons fans looking to show off their knowledge . There are too many buttons and it 's just not that fun . I was n't impressed with the cardboard behind Homer , either .
 If you collect , then you will have this . If you are looking for a trivia game , this is not fun . All the button pushing makes it boring really fast . The questions are ok and I had to think on some of them . But the button pushing!My 2 year old likes the sounds it makes .
 as one can not tell from the description , know that this cartridge WILL NOT work with the leappad 2 . this is an older system cartridge .
 I did n't realize that 3 sides of this Junior Rubik 's cube were the same color . I was just looking for a regular 2 x 2 Rubik 's cube with 6 different colors . I did n't realize this until I opened the package . I wanted to return the product but when I considered the shipping costs and the restocking fee , it does n't pay to return it . The description of the product should have been clearer about 3 sides being the same color .
 This is a boring and ridiculous cube . For a 2x2 , it only has 2 colors ! There is a green side , and then all the others are pink . One side of the pink has a monkey face , and you 're supposed to either solve for green , or solve for green and pink -LRB- no regard for the face -RRB- , or solve for everything . But the idea just does n't work . If you want to get a 2x2 , definitely go for the rubik 's ice cube . It 's just like a regular rubik 's cube , although the colors set-up is a little off -LRB- blue is beneath white , etc -RRB- , but the ice cube is still way better than this . I just got this in the mail today , and I already sent it back for a refund . Do n't get this .
 This toy is SO cheap ! It broke within 2 minutes of my son using it on his birthday ! VERY disappointing and upset him , of course ! If I could rate this 0 stars , I would ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! If you want to waste your money , send it to me and I will use it without it going to WASTE !!
 Purchased this for my 6 year old , only to discover that half of the sides are identically marked . This makes actually soving the cube akin to doing it in the dark . It does not make it easier , it makes it significantly harder . Eventually we added stickers to each side to distinguish them . Once done , my son needed less than an hour to figure it out on his own . Now the baby chews on it without protest.It is very durable I can say .
 I was expecting a decent 2x2 rubiks cube when i ordered it . I ordered two because I had heard that they were cheap and break easily . I was also expecting it to have six colors but it turns out that it has two colors and one side with a monkey face on it . The first broke a few minutes after i had taken it out of the package . The second one stayed together but I had to take the stickers off of an old broken 3x3 and put it on the six sides of the 2x2 . Overall it is a terrible product .
 We thought this was a reasonable idea for a toy and would be fun for my son and saughter who seem to like games that involve racquets and such . While the splashing sound the game makes when the frog `` splashes '' to the ground , my kids could never play with it for more than 5 minutes because it was frustrating -LRB- and for adults too -RRB- . 1 -RRB- The frog which has a weight on the opposite end consistently gets caught in mid-air and then has to be pulled down by hand in the middle of play . This happens especially when our kids try to hit the frog reasonably softly because 2 -RRB- when they hit the frog with any amount of effort -LRB- and their kids so they try to hit is pretty hard , the base of the game twists and moves , disconnecting from the lily pad base pieces . So the game either goes two slow and the grog getts stuck , or it goes too fast and the base swings wildly or even moves . We thought this was a light and fun present for the kids , but it turned out to be one of a `` mistake '' present . For $ . . , you can get two real kid 's tennis racquets and balls with strings on them , this was a waste of money . Do n't manufacturers ever play the games they make ?
 I was very disappointed in this toy for my 4 1/2 year old . Do n't know why the manufacturer placed a 6 years and up on it ? After playing once or twice with the game , she got bored . All you basically do is hit the ball back over to the other side ... if you miss it can fall into your pond with a splash sound . I do n't think the makers of this game actually played with it before they mass produced it ! As far as perfecting a child 's eye/hand coordination with this game - forget about it ! Sorry , but save your money for real tennis lessons when your kids are a little older .
 Rubik 's Cubes are amazing toys . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ONE IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR HELPFUL HINTS INCLUDED - - there are none . Have purchased it twice - nope . Not there . Google for hints instead and buy a cheaper cube ! Amazon , redo the description on this one , the hints are JUST NOT THERE .
 I was playing with Rubik 's cube the last time it was hot in the 80 's , and I just recently bought a few of these . The first two I bought in a store was made by Winning Moves which work the way I remember the cube to be in the old days . Then I decided I want one in my office and order this one through Amazon because it offers free shipping for Prime Members.This cube was bad right out of the package , and within three days of moderate use , the clear color stickers started peeling off the white background stickers on many of the faces . This cube is also very loud , sometime squeaky , and often get stuck when used in medium or high speed . There is a HUGE difference between this and the Winning Moves one.I guarantee I have nothing to do with the Winning Moves company , and this is actually the first time I have disliked a product enough to write a review on Amazon . But there is no excuse for a bad version of a product that has been around for 30 years ! Do n't buy this version .
 Got it yesterday and already the stickers are wearing off . The durability of this thing is junk . I read an online tip that said , `` Coat the edges of the stickers with clear flat -LRB- non-shiny -RRB- nail polish to prevent peeling . '' I 'll try that now .
 I cube a lot ... have been a winner in a lot of local competitions , usually spending an hour or two every day on a cube , so I know my cubes.If you 're a serious cuber , do not buy this cube . The stickers peel off , the turning radius is weak and it 's very squeaky ... not good if you 're trying to cube in a library . The helpful hints are way too basic and are n't going to bring you up to the high level of competitive cubing.Save your money ... -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I got this in no time at all . My boy loves it and plays with it everyday . We have had it only for a month and the color stickers are already coming off . Other than that he loves it !
 There are many choices for purchasing Rubik 's Cube on Amazon . I purchased this particular version solely because it offered the Helpful Hints with the cube.Helpful Hints did NOT come with this cube.Amazon should make the provider of this version to either change the description or send the product as described .
 If you want to just sovle the cube and that 's it , it 's for you . If you want to increase you speed , get other cubes . You can buy other cube from Amazon for $ 5 more and top of the line like Dayan Zhanchi -LRB- wo n't pop -RRB- , or Alpha V. Most of your time with the Rubik is trying to get the `` almost perfect alignment '' so you can turn the layers ... wasting time and frustration . This cube wo n't pop and will be loosen after awhile . You can get this from Walmart or Target for $ 10 . See what the professional use . To me , this cube worths $ 3 and locks up like there 's no tomorrow .
 You 're probably on this page because you 're interested in a Rubiks cube so you typed in `` Rubiks cube '' in Amazon 's search . Well , stop ! Because I 'll let you in on a secret -- American cubes like Hasbro 's or Winning Moves are actually considered some of the worst Rubiks cubes among speedsolvers and Rubiks fans . They are stiff , hard to turn , lock up , do n't cut corners at all , and are heavy . Instead , I recommend you buy the professional speed cubing `` Magic Cubes '' from China -LRB- `` Magic '' is the literal translation in Chinese -RRB- . They are faster , smoother , cut corners , lightweight , and comparable if not cheaper in price ! The Chinese cubes feature an internal core with springs that you can adjust to change the smoothness and speed . Their internal structure is more unique and complicated than the American versions , making them faster and able to cut corners at 30 degrees at least . These are the cubes used by world record breakers in professional competitions . And they are cheap -LRB- roughly $ 4-12 with free shipping from China -RRB- I discovered these `` Magic cubes '' when I was on a trip to Asia last year , and I 've been collecting Magic Cubes ever since . But you do n't have to travel to Asia to buy them . Many Chinese websites , and eBay , sell them , and they are not scams!For starters , this one of my best cubes that I own . It is called the `` F-II '' by Sheng En : ShengEn FII Speed Cube WhiteI 'm actually surprised Amazon.com sells this cube -LRB- although it is actually from a vendor , who buys from China , haha ! -RRB- Also Google `` Alpha V '' and `` GuHong '' for more really good cubes . There are forums all over the internet about Rubiks cubes and speedsolving . Even beginners deserve good cubes , not these poorly made American cubes . Do n't get suckered in to the bad cubes like this one just because you searched for `` Rubiks cubes '' on Amazon . Just trying to help everyone out . Do n't buy the American toys , buy the Chinese toys . I 'd never thought I 'd say that . But in the case of Rubiks cubes , I 'm totally right . Trust me !
 Probably not seller 's fault and was immediately refunded but a day after the item was received , the stickers started peeling off the cube .
 I was excited to receive the cube and went to work on solving it right away . The instruction booklet it came with was very helpful , except for a few confusing steps , but I was finally able to solve the cube . The cube came with a nice little stand for putting it on display . I ran into trouble when after a few weeks the clear plastic covering the colored stickers started to peel . So I pulled the clear piece off , leaving only the colored sticker . This was a mistake because soon the color was completely gone . Now I am left with an almost unusable cube . There are replacement stickers available online , but this seems like a hassle . A painted cube would be perfect , but I am not sure if that is sold anywhere . Overall , I had a great time solving the cube , but was disappointed by the lack of durability .
 This cube is of horrible quality . The white is actually replaced with a nasty reflective silver color . The stickers are very bad . They all begin to peel and wear out on the first few hours of use . Do not purchase this cube , it is of absolutely horrible quality .
 I own several rubiks cube and since my old ones are wearing out I thought I should get a new one . To my disappoint , this one which I order was really really horrible . It was so light weight it felt so cheap . And the edges are so rough it 's so difficult to turn it . I wished that I had heeded other comments first before buying this because now I regret it . -RRB-
 I got it and it turned out to be a 25th Anniversary . Which means that the stickers peel of like none other . So , immeadiately after taking it out of the box , I noticed the stickers already coming off . Sent it back and got a Refund . But I bought a new one in a local store and played with it for 2 possibly 3 weeks and solved it . I now have a 4x4x4 . The normal 3x3x3 is a great toy . Always fun to do it for some reason and extremely educational in terms of problem solving.In the End , I have nothing wrong with the toy , I just hate the 25th Anniversary Cubes with the silver stickers . The White stickers are alright , but not that good .
 I did n't buy this ! I do n't even have a rubik 's cube for pete 's sake ! Give me a break here !! Where is all this coming from ... things I did n't buy ?
 This cube , is only for keep it . I try to use it , and one week later all stickers were damage .
 My friend was given this as a gift and we tried it out . The board is actually a scarf , and you 're supposed to place a bunch of little candles on it which is totally safe . Then you just pick cards and ask other players multiple choice questions . Some of the questions really bothered me , but especially one that was all , `` Your daughter is a lesbian , what do you do ? '' and none of the options were `` accept her for who she is . '' Overall I think this game is pretty sexist and stupid , but it was a fun waste of time .
 This `` game '' purports to empower women . Many of the scenarios on the cards , however , simply reassert social and sexual stereotypes
 This globe is a glamorous cardboard ball with a sticker on it . The `` relief '' bumps to signify mountain ranges is actually off register -LRB- does not line up -RRB- with the map adhered to it . Cheap , horribly built , of no discernable quality.I 'm returning it . I 've had globes before in my 40 years of life , this is junk .
 We purchased this globe as a gift . Even being aware of the dimensions , it still appeared smaller than we expected . The post that the globe stands on seems very cheap and wobbly . For the high cost , we expected a higher quality . It just seemed liked a $ 6.99 Walmart school globe on a cheap hollow stick for $ 70 . I 'll be waiting to hear if it stands up use , or if the globe cracks or while spinning it breaks , it appears that cheap .
 I just bought the LeapPad for my daughter . While many of the books have lots of varied activities on each page , this one was a real disappointment . The activity is exactly the same on each page -LRB- one for each letter of the alphabet -RRB- and consists of just finding the letters that surround the picture of an animal on each page . Any 2 or 3-year old could do it , and it gets very tiresome for all 26 letters . Skip this one !
 My son is 49 months - he has already started pre-k and knows his basic letters - so this book was really booring for him and each page only had 2 activities - find the letter ... -LRB- only 2 letters per page -RRB- which were not very challenging . This book is bettered geared for infants who are just learning the letters as in the nursery - I think he would have been more interested then . I bought the Leap goes Shopping - which is delightfully interesting and challenging for him , it is multi-task , multi senosry and includes identifying in games - letters , shapes , colours , lots of sounds and noises . etc. . We also got the Toy Story II which is a smashing hit with him - and it has challenges for him now until age 6 or so - per tuff stuff - but there are levels to choose.Therefore , I would recommend Leaps friends A-Z for infant beginners like 2 - 3 year olds but not for a 4 year old - too boring .
 My son received this book last year for christmas when he was four . He was bored with it right away . A year later he rarely places this book in his leap pad . Hoping that the next few books we purchase will be more intriguing to him .
 My daughters have several Leap Pad Starter Books , this one is their least favorite . The only time they will even look at it , is if I have placed it into the LeapPad Book and started a game ... the same , boring game for each letter of the alphabet . Go with the other books first . You are n't missing anything by not buying this book . Try Tad Goes Shopping or Birthday Surprise ; these books will hold your child 's attention a lot better .
 the handles were both broke when I received it . I did not think to check it beforehand , and had to repair it in order to give it as a Christmas gift . I only hope the repair holds .
 this isnt large enough to put anyhting more than a cantaloupe in ... the handles aae 8 '' off the floor ... what a huge mistake !
 I bought this item for my four year old niece , -LSB- as -RSB- it was suitable for 3-5 year olds . However , when the box arrived , the label said that it was for 18 month olds and up ! This item is more suitable for 2 year olds than 4 year olds ...
 This review is not fully about the actual products quality , but more that my son -LRB- 3 1/2 years old -RRB- has not been playing it with it as much as I had anticipated . We bought it for xmas along with some rakes , brooms , etc for pretend play and he just does not use the wheelbarrel at all . It is a bit hard for him to balance and so he is using it now just to play car races and building legos . He is a very active , coordinated boy so it is not that he doesnt know how to use it - I think it needs more stability , at least another wheel possibly or maybe as he gets older he may develop more of an interest .
 This wheelbarrow -LRB- made in China -RRB- came through with 2 piece sections for each handle -- not one piece as shown . Both of the wooden pieces that hold the axle were cracked badly and could not be used . I called and they said they do n't make one-piece handles anymore . They sent two new pieces to replace the cracked ones . But , they sent two right side ones and no left . Those were a completely different size than the original , so if we ever get one for each side , it will be useless because the axle is not long enough to accomodate the bigger wooden pieces . I emailed the customer rep I originally talked to and there has been no reponse -LRB- about 5 days ago -RRB- . My grandson 's birthday is long past and we still have no working wheel barrow . I was a devoted Radio Flyer customer until this . I will still get the classic wagon for each grandchild -LRB- unless I have probs with those too -RRB- and the tricycles have been ok -LRB- more plastic than there used to be on them , but workable -RRB- , but no more wheelbarrows from Radio Flyer .
 Two grandsons and one granddaughter LOVED this wheelbarrow , which was purchased to replace a 20 + year old radio flyer kid 's wheelbarrow that finally wore out - on the new one the gauge of the metal is thinner , the paint was n't applied as nicely and within 6 years it had deteriorated and begun to rust.These issues are NOT the fault of the seller - just keep in mind , like most things manufactured now , the quality and construction is sometimes not as good as what was made previously . If I were to buy this again I 'd make sure it was kept indoors and always stored clean and dry -LRB- try to get a 5 year old to do that all the time ! -RRB-
 This was a gift for my nephew , and since I could not attend his 4th birthday I sent him this . I was so sad , when I found out that it was missing 6 screws , and he was unable to put it together on the day of his birthday . : -LRB-
 Do not buy this cheap piece of junk ! The $ 5 S&H costs more than the product itself and for good reason ; it broke on me LITERALLY ten-seconds after opening the product packaging , after just toying with the product as per instructions . I did n't drop it , roughouse it , bump it , etc. . I was just USING IT in the manner prescribed , and pieces literally started falling off in my very hands . Save yourself the grief .
 I never rec 'd this item . Informed the seller and they gave me a prompt refund .
 I bought this toy for my 18 month old . He really enjoyed it - while it stayed together . It falls apart easily and the balls slow down and routinely come to a complete stop ! For this amount of money I would expect it to interlock better and for the balls to move freely -LRB- which is the entire point -RRB- .
 I bought this recently for my niece . It would be a great product , if it was n't the same pictures over and over again . Also , when it 's time to tear off a page , it rips , because the paper is so thin . In other words
 For the asking price , we really expected better quality overall . My child enjoyed coloring the pages , but the plastic and paper are so cheap that it was really hard to rip the sheets cleanly . It was also very difficult to feed the paper through and the roll of paper was hard to pull out . On top of that , the markers and crayons are definitely of substandard quality . Stick with a coloring book . It 'll be less frustrating for both you and your child .
 My daughter received this as a gift and it is n't worth buying . The paper ripped while trying to feed through and was hard to pull through because the roll does n't rotate easily . The paper was ripping in the roll location and therefore would n't go though the rest of the way . The crayons and markers are very cheap and of poor quality . If you just take the paper roll out and cut the pages out to be colored they curl up and must be taped down to color . So this requires a lot of adult help . A coloring book would have been much better .
 Do n't waste your time on this game . To start the game you must put all 4 pieces to each animal in their slots and turn the dial to make them disappear one at a time . The problem is when you turn the dial there is not enough room for the pieces to disappear and they get jammed or even fall into part of the game that you can not access . Stick with the original Operation . This is a bad attempt at trying to copy that game .
 My son loved this toy also . HOWEVER , this morning as he was playing he started coughing . I looked over to find the small hand piece missing off the farmer . When initially examining the toy upon purchase all the pieces appeared safe for a toddler as the package indicated . Obviously that is not the case as one hand piece had come off completely . I plan to contact the manufactor , however I strongly caution anyone who chooses to purchase this toy . As fun as it may seem it is obviously a choking hazard .
 This is one of those products where I have to wonder if everyone else has the same toy we have ... So , where to start ... First thing you will notice with this toy is the sounds , they are pretty terrible quality . But what is worse is the sound effects for the tractor ... which sounds like a rig . Tractors do n't beep when they back up , let alone when they are driving forward . Tractors do n't have air brakes either . The sounds from this tractor toy are taken from a rig and it makes no sense to my son who knows exactly what a tractor sounds like . You 'll notice the advertisement video cuts off right before the annoying and unrealistic beeping and air brakes kick in.After barely being used for a year , I got the toy out again for another go and found that the electronics were all messed up , the song wo n't play unless you push the sheep , press the horn , and then push down on the farmer seat ... Also 2 of the animals do n't work and the horn itself now does nothing other than work as part of the song sequence . Yes , I changed the batteries.The paint on the plastic will come off if your child chews on it , into their mouths . It will also chip off through normal play . Our farmer looks pretty poor for a toy barely used.This was a gift and I hate to say bad things about a gift , but this is the worst toy in our home .
 My daughter loves Strawberry Shortcake and overall I approve of her interest in it and have bought all the videos and many of the toys but as an African American , although I bought all of the other dolls , I particularly wanted her to have Orange Twist and Orange Blossom . To my dismay , I have had to search high and low to find Orange Twist and although I do n't want to pull the race card , what am I to think when everywhere I go Orange Twist is not there . It is very disappointing to say the least .
 Too expensive!The hair tangles immediately - it is fine , not like MLP hair . Within one day , it was one big mess !! You ca n't brush it out like MLP hair , either!The hair falls out ! One tug of the brush , and ... clump ! It 's out!Only the face has a smell , and it 's not good.The doll does n't fit.I threw the wasteful cardboard things immediately.The hair bands wo n't double ... and they do n't work as is !
 this thing is absolutely gross and hidious ! i 'm sorry for being mean , but it is . well you ca n't really even move its legs or its head to much caz its so limited in movement which kinda sucks and is no fun . the thing came with scuncii 's -LRB- scuncii 's where big in the 90 's and i still thought they were UGLY ! -RRB- and some other crap that was cheap and uuuugly . and then the thing smells absolutely FOUL , like ham gone bad or something -LRB- i kid you not ! -RRB- it smells SO bad , it made me nausious , for real . when i put the thing down , the horrid stench was still on my handz , i had to scrub it off so i wouldnt throw up !!!!! please do n't get this for a loved one , give them a my little pony instead : -RRB-
 This toy advertise that Strawberry short cake could sit on the horse but she wo n't stay on . It 's frustrating for my 4 year old when she tries and the doll just falls right off . So , as cute as the horse is , do n't believe the picture of the doll sitting on the horse .
 This a great company , and other car or truck toys are good but this one is hard to play with for my 21 mo old and even my 3 1/2 yr old . It is well made but not worth the money . The Tonka trucks are better .
 This car carrier is quite small 11 '' long 5 '' high-the photo looks like a much larger item . I paid $ 24.99 for the product-and at most I would pay is $ 10.00 . Because the item is surely not worth the money that I paid , I have to pay to ship it back so I have to absorb these cost . I lost $ 3.99 by ordering this , the company should be ashamed of the price they are asking .
 The horse is cute , but it does not have a smell -LRB- honey & spice -RRB- as the box said it would . The hair easily tangles , and when you try to comb it , it instantly falls out . We 've had it one week and it 's lost a lot of hair . A lot of the pieces are made of paper and do n't even stand up - throw those straight in the trash . The hair bands are n't elastic enough to really work - it 's hard even for an adult , so those do n't get used much , either . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 i ca n't comment on the strength of these magnets , as we returned them once we saw how tiny they were .
 My son does not play with his toys very roughly , but this toy breaks constantly . it looks cool , but is very disappointing
 What a disappointment . When fully put together and operating , this is a really fun toy that made both my boys , ages 3 and 4 , squeal in delight . But as mentioned before , the minute you pick it up to move it , the legs , all 5 of them , fall off . There is also a support ramp that holds the climbing ramp that falls off constantly . We put ours on a little table , but when the table gets bumped , the track falls apart . I would n't buy this again . I am very disappointed in this toy . I ca n't imagine it would have been very difficult to have made the legs where they would `` clip '' in for more support . This was a major oversight.In short , if you like constantly putting your child 's toys back together , you 'll like this . If not , stick with the rich and wonderful Thomas Wooden Railway ! Now THAT is a toy worth buying !
 Santa brought this last Christmas and the kids were thrilled . BUT , I agree with the last review ... this toy falls apart if breathe on it . My kids were constantly begging me to put it back together because it falls apart constantly . If the legs were made to `` snap '' in place , it would be one of the BEST toys made for Thomas fans . I can not believe this toy passed any kind of toy inspection because it 's a disaster as far as I 'm concerned . I sold it at a garage sale for $ 3 this summer and was relieved to get rid of it . It caused a lot of angst and tears in this house . Too bad , because it really is a terrific and inventive idea for little Thomas fans .
 My son loves this toy , as do all the kids around my house . My problem is that it is unstable and falls apart . He ca n't even play with it . We have had to crazy glue the pieces together many times now . It is now sitting on a shelf in our basement waiting on another repair and my son just wants to play with it .
 This toy is extremely ANNOYING . It keeps falling apart every second , no exaggeration here . It 's worth $ 10 no more . $ 30 for this is highway robbery . I am thinking that I have to glue this thing to keep from falling apart . My son has fun for a few seconds then he gets frustrated because it keeps falling down and then I have to put those silly , poorly made sticks back on . Give me a break . I 'm thinking of glueing it together , but then again I might return it for a quality toy , who needs to maintain a new toy ?
 I bought this for my then 4 1/2 - year-old son last summer after seeing it in action at a Thomas the Tank Engine fair . It looked like a lot of fun and my son loved it . But once I got it home , it was such a disappointment ! The legs do NOT stay on and are very hard to put back in their proper holes . This toy sits on the floor of my son 's bedroom perpetually tipped over and my son got very frustrated with it and never plays with it . Defiinitely now worth $ 40 ! I ca n't wait to get rid of it . It would be so much fun if it worked well .
 Like most 2 - 4 year old boys , our son is a huge Thomas fan , and he loves this toy . He plays with it multiple times a day , and it holds his attention for about as long as one would expect from a child his age . We 've had this toy for almost three months , and he still enjoys it . There are four cute little engines - one , of course , is Thomas , and they circle around the track and back up the hill . The hill is motorized , and the trains attach themselves to a small piece on the hill and are pulled up the hill.However , this is not Mommy and Daddy 's favorite toy.My biggest complaint with this toy is the design . Of course , it 's all plastic , but this toy depends on gravity so that the little trains will slide down the track . So , there are seven or eight little legs of various lengths that support the track and create the downhill slide . There are two major problems with these legs
 We bought this toy for our son 's birthday . It was n't worth the money ! The legs that held the track up kept falling off which really frustrated my son . It would n't have been so bad if it was every now and then , but it was all the time . It was noisy too , something I would have been happy to deal with if it was n't falling apart every second . I gave it two stars because when it did work -LRB- meaning do n't touch it let alone breathe on it -RRB- my son loved it . What good is a toy if you 're not able to play with it ? We ending up shelling out more money to buy another Thomas toy that he could play with . Save yourself -LRB- and your child -RRB- the frustration and buy something that 's meant to be played with .
 Although my son loved this toy , it would not stay intact . The legs constantly fell off which made both my 3 yr old and me very frustrated .
 My mom bought this for our thomas enthusiacs 3rd Birthday . Although this is a cute toy and he loves to play it ... the legs fall off too easily and the trains do not drive aroudn the track as well as they should . He still likes to play with it , but I have to store it on his dresser to keep the legs and tiny trains from getting lost .
 The toy is garbage . It arrived mildly damaged to begin with . The outer clear plastic is easily scraped and scratched . It does n't pop for very long each time . The button for it is front , near the bottom . It 's difficult for my ten month old to deal with . She attempts to push the button and knocks over the toy , which then starts making noise , but ca n't pop the balls inside properly laying on its side . It 's flimsy , it 's junk . I do n't recommend it .
 My son got this for his first birthday ... I ca n't recall him ever really playing with it ... the rings just get lost and so does the ball . I really do n't understand the point of the ball anyway . Not worth having !
 I bought this toy for my daughter thinking it would be a fun alternative to the `` classic '' stackers . The packaging is horrible when I recieved it it was almost out of battery . The balls barely pop , and it has a musical song which I love cause she loves , but its covered by this loud horrible sound that the stacker makes to pop the balls a 1/4 inch !!!! This is really , really cheap toy and I do not reccoment it !!
 First of all , it is much smaller than I thought that it would be , but that was n't my issue . It is not as well made as I hoped it would be . The tent is really flimsy and does n't stay open . It keeps collapsing which is frustrating . I actually purchased this to use for decorations at my son 's camping birthday party , and will be returning it because of the small size , but if I had bought it for its intended purpose I would be even more disappointed .
 this is the dumbest infant toy ever ! mine was recd broke ! now I have to send it back which is a pain . not worth more than $ 5
 would have been a nice toy but it lost the giggle noise it should make when rolled . for that reason I ca n't recommend this to anyone else . We bought this for christmas 11 ' and just a short time after it did not giggle . This was for a 6 month old so it was nothing he did to the toy , just defective and not even woth the price .
 I have order three from you . I have e-mailed you and did do any thing . So have a nice 1
 This game is NOT for die hard fans of FRIENDS . The game bored me in 5 minutes . You need to watch like three episodes to get most of the questions correct and a lot of it are common sense . I was not at all challenged and did not enjoy playing this game and want to sell it back after playing it for 30 minutes . Do n't buy it !
 My 12 month old daughter received this for her birthday . I was initally thrilled with the welcomed new classical tunes -LRB- all of which are very pleasant to listen to -RRB- . The toy has two modes , one that plays the whole song -LRB- s -RRB- and one that plays part of it and stops until the baby moves the toy again to get it going . THis mode also will make sounds if the toy is not jiggled within a minute or so . Sadly , I was disapointed in this toy because it does n't automatically shut off which I thought was very silly . Thus the toy will remind you that it 's still on FOREVER !! So it does n't make a nice crib toy becasue she ca n't turn it on or off by herself -LRB- you have to flip a hidden switch to get it on and off -RRB- and will play all night if you let it . Finally , my daughter was n't particularly interested in the toy anyway . Thus I had to give low stars on fun & education since she was n't drawn to it to play or learn , though the music IS very nice . As for durability , the thing is like new since she does n't touch it . Did n't do it for us .
 I bought this toy 2 years ago when it was around $ 50 . Within a few weeks , I realized that I would have been better off using the $ 50 for practical toys like blocks , or toys with buttons that make noise or toys that the child can actually play music on like a little piano . I should have used the money for more interactive toys . Things like classical music or language tape for 3 month olds get sold to parents because we secretly hope we have a budding Einstein or because it sounds kind of sophisticated and trendy to have a baby toy that plays classical music -- people who see us will recognize this was an expensive toy from Neurosmith -- we hope . I have two children now under the age of 4 and the toys they like best are one 's they can get rough with , or do things with , or have a variety of fun things to interact with . As much as I 'd love to believe that buying a baby a toy with classical music will inspire them to one day become a famous musican , it 's probably not going to happen . Also , listening to the same selection of classical music over and over again on this toy gets just as annoying as listening to Mary had a little lamb , over and over . It 's a cute toy , but my anticipation while waiting for it to arrive for Christmas , greatly outweighed the pleasure my child received from it .
 I was going to write a review chastising myself for having been stupid enough to have overpaid for their Sunshine Symphony . Since then , I see Amazon has dropped the list price to $ 35 , and has discounted it further , down to a sale price of $ 9.98 . I have noticed other Neurosmith products with similarly high product mark-ups , and wish I could be a shareholder of a company that is so adept at exploiting the pocketbooks of new parents . While trying to research some of their other overpriced toys , and those toys ' declining price histories , I found the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission has recalled a Neurosmith toy -LRB- the Pet Me Platypus -RRB- , and that the manufacturer is no longer in business.So , Amazon is giving you a 71 % discount -LRB- complete with free shipping ! -RRB- on a toy that is leftover from a manufacturer who no longer exists . Buyer beware .
 My son got this toy as a Christmas present without the batteries . When I finally got around to buying batteries for it , we turned it on and it did n't work -- just a few blips here and there . I could n't return it because -LRB- a -RRB- it was early February by the time I figured it out and -LRB- b -RRB- I did n't have a receipt . It 's just collecting dust at the moment
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . She actually got to listen to the music once . It just wo n't play music more than one time on a set of batteries . It will play and then all the lights get stuck on . I contacted Neurosmith -LRB- do n't even bother with the phone number ... use email -RRB- . I was told that they were going out of business , and they could n't help me . They said to contact the store I got it from . Well , they had closed too -LRB- Discovery Store -RRB- . So , I have a $ 40 teething toy that to be honest , she would rather play with anything else . This toy was a waste !
 I bought this for my son based on the glowing reviews hereit was a mistake . My son wouldnt play with this toy and ignored it for the most part unless I place the toy into his hands or gently place a flap in his mouth so he can bite on it . I wouldnt buy it if it was on sale for 1 dollar.The music quality is very good however because of the very few notes it gets quickly annoying . Imagine trying to hear one note from Mozart however great , over and over and over againThe unit would hangup numerous times , and I have to do a manual reset for it to start again . Save yourself some money and get something else .
 One of the main reasons I bought this set was because it included a sand/water wheel . However , the weight of a full shovel full of sand or water will not turn the wheel . And there is no crank to turn it . It has to be turned manually . No fun .
 CUTE TOY , BUT THE LITTLE BEADS ON THE GIRAFFES ACTUALLY PULL OFF THE TOY AND THE CHILD CAN CHOKE ON THEM . VERY DANGEROUSDO NOT BUY
 Our family uses Amazon for many years , and this is a first time when the actual item -LRB- not mailing box , it was perfect -RRB- came open and smashed.It looks like somebody used it before . Do they tried to fit this item to the very small mailing box that way ?? By the way , we bought a model airplane and this finishing set as a birthday present for our son - what is terrible experience ! I would not recommend buying any products from this company , specially if you do not have time for returns .
 I have purchased other Snap Circuit products for my Grandson and all have worked as advertised . This Motion Detector does not work as advertised , even in the instructions it says &#34; if it wo n't shut up replace the battery &#34; . The battery is not the problem , tried 2 brand new batteries and never could get the the thing to STOP alarming.Don ' t waste your money on this one for the motion detector , although the other little noise maker circuits are cute .
 We love snap circuits , and this was a nice addition to our set , with the exception that it did n't work . Not a single project worked so we are sending it back . I am not willing to try it again . I will move on to a different motion sensor item . I still however recommend the snap circuits , just not this set .
 The toy worked for about an hour and then the power source burned out and the motion detector was no longer usable . I was told by Amazon that a new power source would be sent to me by the company and that did not happen . So I would like my account credited for the cost of this item .
 It was expensive & got little playtime & love after the novelty of the tags wore off ! My daughter was just as happy to play w / the tag on her teddy bear ! I found that the cups are not easy for little ones to stack or nest either . While the taggies products are great in concept , if I had it to do over I would pick another one . This one just sits in the corner unloved . . waste of $ My daughter plays w / the $ 3.00 plastic nesting cups all of the time . . I 'd get those instead if I were you !
 Ca n't stand this toy . My son takes the center ball out and throws it . That is as much action as this toy has seen . It 's been in the toy box since we got it 6 months ago . It 's adorable but he just does n't care about it . The fabric the toy is made out of makes me cringe . I have eczema on my hands so I am sensitive to fabrics . This toy 's fabric is rough and clings to my skin like velcro . I ca n't touch it anymore . It 's very cheap stuff . The quality of construction is great it 's just the fabric that sucks . The little windows that line up and make animals are really cute . I 'm sure it would be educational if my son liked it but he 's totally in to cars and crashing things together instead of nesting cups and lining up animal faces .
 Wrong product sent -LRB- he was out of the one in the picture -RRB- . Instead he sent the one with the more up to date picture of the young man . It has much less powder than the one pictured and costs 2/3rds less . The stuff does not work at all . When i was a kid I ordered very cheap itching powder and it worked great -- not too strong , not too weak . This is very weak . It produces a very minor irritation , not an itch . It is claimed to be fiberglass but I 've read it is not . So the formulation in the sent one was probably cheaper , too . The package is so small -- but does n't work anyway . I suspect he pays less than a nickle per package of this very cheap stuff.Amazon should force him to change the picture to the correct itme he is selling . Of course , then he would have to reduce his prices by 2/3rds . First bad vendor on Amazon . Stay away for all products . Dishonest and greedy .
 So ti all started one night when my new mail-order bride arrived at my door . I was so happy and excited and I let her in right away . Well , as a newly married couple , we consummated that night.The next morning I awoke with this horrible itching and redness everywhere . I could not figure out what was going on . Finally I realized that I had been deceived and that the mail order bride must have been a Cambodian spy sent to retrieve information from me through chemical/biological torture . She must have been infected with a disease and that night she passed it on by using her art.I was livid I tell you . That night I had her sleep in the emptied-out pool in the back while I tried to figure out what to do . I could not call the cops because they would not believe me . I could not call the government because they are already looking for me for the information that I know about Roswell and Zero-Point energy and the Moon Landing and all that other stuff that is real . I could not get rid of her because , hey , after all , she is my wife.While making her vacuum and clean every inch of my house while I watched the NASCAR , she mumbled something that I could not understand , because hey , I do not speak her crazy language . Then she held up a small yellow package that had nothing but some white powder in it . I of course knew that it had to be anthrax -LRB- Or BC Headache powder -RRB- , but I decided to play her little game and check it out . It turned out that it was my package of itching powder that I had bought for use on a lonely night when I wanted to remember Hanoi . It had broken open and caused all of this.I give this product 1 star for defective packaging.Hey powder ! Stop ruining people 's lives !
 Really bad product . Perhaps the trick the engineer described in his review would have worked but never got the chance . Product would only dispense one or two bubbles after following instructions . Then , thinking perhaps the batteries were the problem , I replaced them and found that the bubble liquid was in the battery compartment . Cleaned that up and replaced batteries . No improvement . Fortunately , we got this as a gift so I only feel sorry that someone shelled out $ 25 for something this bad ...
 I had to chime in on this one , Funrise makes a great bubble solution and other machines , but the Gun just does not work . The first day it was great shot lots of bubbles , son loved it . I did not even mind taking the batteries our and clean all the solution out of every other crack on the gun . But the since then it just does not work . Really wish this was addressed with some sort of instruction insert . I guess we will move on to another machine .
 Do n't buy it . Really . My daughter loves bubbles , so we bought her this toy . It worked one time , and we have n't seen bubbles come out of it since . I 'm writing the manufacturer to see what they will do about it -LRB- probably nothing -RRB- . Save the money . We also have the bubble machine ... it works great , so far !
 This is fun in theory , only , the toy does n't WORK !!!! First of all , the part that makes the bubbles is a wand inside the machine with a windshield wiper type thing on it so it makes a bubble . The problem with it is that it sticks , AND you have to keep slashing it back and forth.ALSO , the liquid got into the battery compartment RUINING my rechargable batteries!It claims to work with any bubble solution , but it does n't . Do n't waste your money on this one . It 's a piece of junk .
 After visiting friends with a bubble gun I thought it was a great idea . This brand looked like they are the pros with that kind of thing and not being to expensive I bought it . The package says it creates `` linkz '' of bubbles . There were no such links from ours . The solution leaked into the battery compartment . It was just one little bubble popping the second it came out . I returned it . Definatly not worth the few bucks .
 My mom bought this toy for my son ... it was great fun for all of us until about 30 minutes passed . It 's almost as if the bubbles got into the battery pack or something because no matter what we did we could n't get it to keep working . Yes , we did change the batteries -- still nothing . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 When i first bought this for my 3 yr old daughter we both loved it . BUT when the first bottle emptied out and i refilled it , it did n't seem to work the bubbles were dragging out of the spout and when we released the gun the bubbles popped without leaving the gun.I figured it could only take Gazillioni bottles , so i went to buy another bottle and cleaned the gun and replaced with a new bottle BUT the bubbles still dragged and that was the end of it.I recommend to everyone not to buy this item . Just stick to the cheap ` blow it yourself ' Gazillion Bubbles .
 I bought this for my daughter who loves bubbles . Not only was it messy but the bubble solution kept running into the battery compartment . Also , as the other reviewer stated , it would often produce just one bubble . I am now looking into purchasing the Bubble Machine and hoping for better luck .
 The color on the pick up sticks is so light you can not even tell what color each one is or if there is a difference in the colors of the sticks . I bought them to use in counseling sessions and I am so disappointed . I expected them to be clearly marked in different colors . I would have chosen another brand , had I known .
 This was my favorite game as a child . I was so excited to find it on Amazon until it arrived and I was shocked by the poor quality . I do n't think it would even be possible to play at all because of the way the sticks are so sloppily made . I will look for another brand .
 If I could get the toy delivered then I could give review of the item . Order on 12/25/2005 as of 12/31/2005 item still is n't here .
 as soon as my son got on it broke he broke his arm
 Thanks to all who wrote in . There were too many `` accidents '' to be ignored . The wide wheel base and the handle with a locking problem . It is always my luck to buy something and all the things mentioned that could go wrong - DO.Thank you again for the reviews . I will keep looking .
 It looks fun in the picture , but there is a major design flaw with this toy - the wheels stick out so far that when the rider tries to go they end up slamming their ankle into the tire . Within 2 minutes of using this toy my son ripped open his ankle . This toy should be recalled . Do not buy it . I would send mine back , but we had already thrown out the packaging .
 I am very disappointed . It said they were high quality , but they are a cheap plastic . They look like animals you can find at the dollar store . It also said thy were realistic , but the dog and goat were the same size as the adult cow and horse . I would not spend this much money on this quality of item . You are better off spending a little extra money and getting a really nice set at Lakeshore .
 I bought this thinking that it was the greatest thing since sliced cheese . My son always loves playing with tags , and he just threw this and never looked at it again . I tried getting him to play with it and pay attention to the tags he got what it was and did n't like it at all . The mouse inside is nearly impossible for a baby to come out and when you do pull on it , it does n't go back inside unless you put it back in and I think that 's just poor design . I would n't recommend this to anyone and I am really sad that I paid for it as my sons gift .
 This Taggies toy is not much fun for baby at all ! It 's too difficult for even a year old baby too pull out the pink vibrating piece and when you pull it out for baby the cord is so short it literally moves for 3 seconds max ! Lastly it does not hold it 's shape and flattens out over time even with barely any play time on it . For the price there are MUCH better toys out there !
 My baby is 9mos old when i got this toy and she does not like it at all ! , maybe it 's her age . I just wasted my money for nothing . It 's a good toy though but for younger age babies .
 I was going to order this mat , but the price changed from 129.00 to 169.00 within the 5 minutes it took me to get my credit card - I do n't think this is good business practice !
 Nice toy and good addition to the collection but do n't expect the lights and siren to work due to the batteries not being protected
 This ambulance is tiny ! When it was advertised as battery operated , and came in a 10 '' box , I thought this was an ambulance my toddler can push around on the floor and have it make noises . Instead it 's perfect for putting in his mouth and choking !
 I was going to order this mat , but the price changed from 129.00 to 169.00 within the 5 minutes it took me to get my credit card - I do n't think this is good business practice !
 She 's too hard to operate and CONSTANTLY program ... she never stays programmed and a child can not play with her alone , which was my reasoning for purchasing the doll to occupy time a little without `` I need help '' ... But Allay , cause more stress , what a MESS !
 This Doll is tooooooooooooo hard for the child to operate . The purpose is for the little girl 's enjoyment . I spend more time trying to figure out how to program it than my daughter does playing with it . It is a good idea , but it is not worth the money .
 I first saw this doll and thought ... `` Wow , my three-year-old girl will simply adore this as a new friend to play with . '' Now I have read the critisms and have found some to be true . The doll is a bit complicated for a young child to operate , but I thought it was still too cool of a toy . Now , this doll is supposed to have accesory packs available for her , however I could not find any . I wrote an e-mail to the company asking for help , to which they were NO help in locating these . Upon exhausting hours and hours of internet searches , I finally found that most of the adventure packs which are sold for the doll are being discontinued !!! I would have helped the child operate the doll , but if there is no expansion for this doll , why pay -LRB- ... -RRB- for something that will be old within the fist week . Furthermore , the fact that a majority of the packs are being discontinued only opts me to return the doll for a different toy item . If the packs are disconinued , then reasoning stands that the doll may not be too far behind . Save your money kiddies , Ally is on the outs !
 make sure you check the batteries in this doll they over heat and may cause a fire or the batteries to explode . The acid then can harm a child and cause serious injury . We tried to return the doll to K B toys and they were sold out . So we are stuck with a defective toy .
 Many years ago my mother bought this doll for me when I was a preteen . I found that after a while the doll gets boring . She repeats the same things over and over again . A regular doll is much more fun . I would suggest that parents buy thier daughters an american girl doll rather than this doll . The one star reviews are right about the doll 's hair being very messy .
 Upon taking it home my daughter would play for hours with her and then creepy things started happening . With in months the doll started saying things that were not part of the function recording . Things like `` where are you Erica '' `` why wont you play with me '' ... strange creepy things WITHOUT BATTERIES ! . My daughter then started telling me Alley was walking in the room with her sitting on the bed . I was n't sure what to make of it . I took the doll to my dads because I had paid 39.00 for her and I wanted to make sure that it was n't me and my child 's minds going bad . My dad said he was sleeping when he heard the doll talking down stairs in a loud voice asking him to play . `` I want to play '' `` Hi my name is Alley '' . My dad knew there were no batteries in there I had told him what had happened to me . He turned the doll over to see there was no batteries . He took the doll outside and placed her in a wagon in the back yard . A few days later he told me he could hear Alley talking in the backyard and he got a shovel and cut her to pieces and put it in the trash can . This is a true story beware .
 oh , gee , I hope I can spend the day punching in the same information over and over againthis toy is a nightmareyour child will almost surely be unable to operate it , unless she is too old to be interested in trying -LRB- like you will be -RRB- I hate this toy and wish I had never bought itmy child is eight , and became fixated on this silly doll from an advertisement . I have helped her `` program '' it innumerable times , but every time you turn it off , it forgets what you told it , and demands that you re-input the data before it will do anything elseand batteries had better be totally brand new or it will malfunctionall in all , there is so much to hate about this `` toy '' that it is hard to conveythe short answer is -- save yourself , by no means buy this miserable toy
 SANTA BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT , AND I WISH I COULD RETURN IT.IT IS SO HARD FOR ME OR MY DAUGHTER TO WORK.SHE HAS PLAYED WITH IT MAYBE 10 MINUTES SINCE SHE GOT IT.THE ACCESSORIES ARE TOO HARD TO ATTATCH TO THE ALMOST `` CLOSED '' HAND.IT TAKES YOU FOREVER TO GET THEM IN AND IT IS VERY FRUSTRATING.MY DAUGHTER IS 8 AND CAN NOT GET THEM IN!I THINK THIS DOLL WAS TOO OVERLLY PRICED AND ADVERTISED.I THINK A LIL GIRL WOULD ENJOY A PLAIN BABY MUCH MORE THAN THIS HEAVY , BATTERY OPERATED DOLL THAT IS TOO COMPLICATED .
 We bought Ally as a Christmas present for our daughter . Please , do yourself a favor , and DO N'T WASTE THE MONEY . She repeats the same inane things until you 're ready to throw her out in the cold ! Her hair is a mess and when you try to brush it , she sheds something awful . There are too many pieces to keep up with and it is hard to program her as she does n't seem to recognize when you are pushing the buttons . A lot of the time she does n't recognize when you 're putting her teacup , barettes , etc in either . And even when her clothes are on she keeps asking for them . I wish we had saved our money considering my daughter plays with her regular `` do nothing '' baby doll more than this one !
 This is such a sad product . With all the stereotypes around who needs a reminder of things that make people ridicule afro-americans . I got this doll as a present and did n't know what to do with it . I did n't want it , but could n't bring myself to give it to child . This is not a pleasant looking doll at all .
 How dare they make an african american doll look so ugly , big wide overexagereted lips , ugly looking braids , and horrible clothing.Who ever made this doll is probobly some racist on their way to hell.How about making some positive black doll figures like Bessie Coleman , Coretta Scott King , Michelle Obama , Dianna Ross , Harriet Tubman , Sojourner Truth , Madam CJ Walker , or many other positive black , female figures.Amazon should be ashamined of them selves for selling this doll.All i can say is how dare they , shame on them , and please -LRB- if you have some sense -RRB- do not buy this doll .
 This dolls image speaks volumes to the progress Americans have not made . DO N'T BUY THIS DOLL
 I bought this for my 3 year old son for Christmas . Great way to ruin a Christmas . I was unable to connect the pieces , as it required much more strength than the average mom has . Each day , we had to wait till Dad came home from work to put it together , so then it needed to remain in one piece wherever it was , or listen to 3yo cry in frustration . We could assemble it without Dad , but not push the connectors down far enough to allow a marble to pass through . ALSO , it only works with the marbles that come with it , which are few . If you use a regular marble , it gets stuck in the hole . Once it gets stuck in the hole , you have to take it APART , which requires superhuman strength , remove the marble , and attempt to put it back together.The reason I bought this is because my son loves marbles , and has a ton of them . So am supposed to get rid of all of his marbles to keep him from using them on this toy ? I felt like the marble police.I ca n't tell you how much crying this toy caused . I finally bagged it up and gave it away . I feel badly for whomever ended up with it .
 The stitching came out of this toy in at least 3 places in the first 2 days that my daughter had this toy ! She is extremely gentle with it so it is not due to mis use . The wand cover also came undone in the first night she touched it ! My daughter had a different bear from this line for 5 years and it never fell apart ! I would not recommend this for anyone who was not simply going to put it on a shelf !!
 My kids enjoyed playing with this toy for the first few days after it came . Since then it is not getting much attention . I am expecting this to be used on and off by kids . It will be especially used when their friends come visiting.Though nothing has been broken , but judging from feel , the construction could have been sturdier .
 Though this item states an age range of 18 months to 6 years -LRB- how big is the average 6 year old , I do n't know -RRB- , my 3 year old was too big to use it , he tipped and could n't make it spin . If you have a child who is particularly tall or big for his age -LRB- my son weight 52lbs & is 45 inches tall at 3 -RRB- , then you might want to consider seeing an item in person before purchasing . This was a good lesson for me .
 I just put this together for my 3-yr-old , who was very excited to be getting his own . He plays with one of the original type Sit N Spins at preschool and loves it . However , this `` new and improved '' version is a piece of junk . The support that connects the top to the base unit is made of cheap plastic and has way too much give in it to effectively get a good spin going . My son can really make the old one spin quickly , but with this one it 's useless . He complained that it 's too slow and gave up on it within about two minutes . It will be definitely be returned .
 Our 15 month old daughter loves her sit and spin , LOVES IT ! . We did n't put batteries in it because we read the complaints about the music . She used it every day . The problem is that whenever we go to move it , the top hand wheel pops off , so you have to pick it up by the entire base . Lesson learned , easy fix , just use more care . Until last night , when she was gleefully smiling and spinning , the hand wheel popped off , and she banged her head on the floor . My baby 's not much of a crier , but boy did she cry after that ! I may try the liquid nails that another person recommended , because she loves this toy sooo much . Just be aware of the hazard !
 What a flimsy piece of junk . The plastic is not made strong like the 1970 's models we remember . My son is 29 lbs and the musical handle piece still bends to almost breaking when he tries to pull himself around . It really does n't even work , except for the annoying music . You can spin it as long as no one is sitting on it , so it is a pointless waste of money and space . My son gave up on it and wo n't even try to play with it anymore . If you decide to try to find an old used one , avoid the ones people claim are vintage made in 1973 . Only the base of it says 1973 ; the musical top part is from the late 90 's and is too flimsy to be functional . If you see the musical top handle , it is the modern piece of crap with the non-sturdy plastic . The old ones were hard plastic and had no music . This is more force-fed Chinese junk for the American consumer . Avoid .
 It is true my daughter LOVES this toy . And it is even more true that it drives me crazy ! There is no on-off switch and the music goes on and on ... my daughter enjoys walking past it and just hitting the top and making the music play . It is loud and very bothersome . I think it was my sister 's way of getting me back for all the irritating gifts I have given her kids .
 This sit and spin has no off switch and is very sensive to motion . It plays music and lights up at very in appropirate times with little stimulation . It also takes up a concerable amount of space in our small home .
 My son received this toy the other day on his 2nd birthday . I think I was more excited than he was about receiving it . I had always wanted to get him one , but never got around to it . All I can say is I 'm glad I did n't waste my own money on this . What really gets me is that it says from 18 months to 5 years old . Yeah ... RIIIIIIIIIGHT . There 's no 18 month old that can understand the concept of how to turn this thing . It took me awhile to figure out why the wheel was n't turning . Come to find out , it 's like the teacup rides at Disney World . The wheel does n't turn , everything else turns around it . Well I wish they had said that on the box rather than `` Turn the wheel to start the spinning action '' . What a load of crap . Also , like I said , my son just turned 2 . He 's a big 2 , but he 's no bigger than a 4 or 5 year old . So there 's no way that a 4 or 5 year old can get on this comfortably . I have to agree , the music IS annoying especially cause I had to disassemble it to get the music to stop . It really upsets me that I have to take this back to the store because I was so excited for my son when he opened his gift . This is definitely a toy that I would avoid buying if your kid is less than 2 & a half years old or over 4 years old . Oh wow , I guess then it would really only be good for 3 YEAR OLDS !!! WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP !!! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ... PLEASE . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; P.S. I only gave it one star because it would n't let me give it negative stars .
 I fondly remember the sit 'n spin from my own childhood . I got it for my son last year for Christmas . He 's 2 1/2 now and enjoys it more than he did last year . However , the music is loud and quite annoying . It also triggers quite easily when other toys in the toybox shift around . I think it will work in silent mode without the batteries , which I may try soon . I hate to be a killjoy , but I just ca n't listen to those those cheesey tunes anymore .
 The original Sit and Spin worked just fine , why did they have to add music to it ? NOt only that but it is bad music and there is no off switch for the music feature . THe sit and spin part works great but turn off the noise !!
 We recently purchased a sit n spin for our 2 year old son . The plastic base is flimsy and seems unable to support his weight . Unless situated just perfect my son is unable to spin . The base rubs against the floor . My son is the height and weight of a 3 year old but when he uses my old sit n spin at my parents house , he spins much faster . I agree with others that there should be an off/on switch and toy is not that durable .
 This toy has probably been around for years , and the concept is fantastic . I bought this for my son because whenever he went over to other childrens ' houses he loved playing with it . They had older models , without the music . This latest edition , despite the new `` tunes '' and the very affordable price turned out to be a real letdown . The construction is so cheap and flimsy that it tips over ! My son is quite small for his age -LRB- 3 years -RRB- and so I know that weight/size had nothing to do with it . The problem is that the base -LRB- where the children sit -RRB- is too light and so when they spin around the opposite end kicks up , throwing them off the toy . I had never seen that on the older models my child played on . Those have heavier bases and this anchors the kids down better . As for the music , it looked like it could become really annoying so we just never installed batteries.If you are looking to buy this toy now , I suggest you wait and urge others to , so that maybe Playskool will understand that adding `` music and lights '' is n't going to make the toy more popular when they compromise on quality . Maybe then they will focus on keeping it a quality durable toy instead .
 The classic sit 'n spin was so wonderful ! PLEASE TRY THIS IN THE STORE BEFORE YOU BUY ! Do n't be fooled , as we were , into thinking the ` music ' was not too loud . We tried the music in the store -LRB- TRUs -RRB- before buying , but discovered , when in use at home , that a toy store environment must be very loud . In addition to the VERY loud , obnoxious music -LRB- even our 3-yr . old daughter still covers her ears , and that 's with clear packing tape over the speaker -RRB- , it is very , very easy for children to fall when they step on this toy -LRB- and that 's the 1st way they usually try to get on it -RRB- . As a consequence , VERY CLOSE SUPERVISION is needed for playdates and children under the age of 5 . Children also tend to lean backward while trying to use arms to spin , and this often results in the SNSpin toppling over . Our child 's lighweight -LRB- 3 yrs. , 30 lbs . -RRB- , but heavier friends have experienced the same high-risk issue . BUY IT WITHOUT THE MUSIC , if you can find it .
 Well , I bought mine for somewhere in the twenty dollar range , so i dont know what they mean by asking almost 90 bucks ... anyway , this spinning toy is no good AT ALL . Buy it if you do n't believe me , buy one ... but dont pay 80 bucks , they go for alot cheaper right in the store . I 'm quite disappointed , and months have gone by and I have n't seen my kids manage to make one complete revolution on this junky toy .
 I really wish they had regular sit and spins without any musical abilities . The music that plays on this toy is worse than nails on a chalkboard , I immediately took the batteries out . My daughter likes it , and there is no sound -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- .
 This new version of the sit and spin was a huge dissapointment . The original was much more sturdy . This new version is made of cheap flimsy plastic ...
 I did n't think it was possible , but the manufacturer made the Sit N Spin worse when they added lights and sound . It USED to be a great toy ! First , the music is the most obnoxious rockabilly-ish stuff I 've ever heard . Second , its way too loud for the children 's ears , in my opinion . Third , there is no `` off '' button for the lights/music -LRB- every parent 's nightmare -RRB- . We bought this for our daughter for Christmas , and I took the batteries out after the first day . What a relief !!
 Sit 'n spin is too small for my son of 26 months . The sound quality is awful and I decided to not even test the durability ... . it will be returned tonight .
 This toy actually has gotten a `` thumbs down '' by the Oppenheim Toys Portfolio -LRB- that just cracks me up -RRB- . The music is a little too loud ; it just does n't have that awesome spin action that I remember as a kid . Seems pretty tough . We got it for free - if you are in the market for one , I would pursue other alternatives .
 My son received this toy from his aunt for his 2nd birthday after I put it on his wish list . After my husband assembled it , we tried it , and were very disappointed . First of all , there is no way that a 2-year-old could figure out how to spin on this thing ! Secondly , the music was way too loud , especially when a child 's ears are so close to it . Thirdly , it was so flimsy ! When we tried to spin it , it kept tipping over , and we were afraid we were going to break the thing ! We ended up taking it back to the store . I wish I would have known how cheap this toy was before his aunt bought it and paid to have it shipped to our house ! Too bad Playskool could n't have just left the old product as is ! Who needs all of those lights and music on every toy anyway ?!!
 my daughter played the music about four times and then it broke . it just wont play anymore . and it doesnt spin very well , she has to spin by pushing her hand on the floor to move . she 's only 21 months and not too heavy forher age or the toy . it 's just horribly built . at least it was cheap . that should have tipped me off .
 I was very interested in buying this toy but after reading some to the other reviews I have decided against it . I already have plenty of toys that make noise , I do not need another one . I agree with many other reviews that the old Sin 'n Spin should come back . Why fix it if it is n't broken ? Please take into consideration this request because I would love for my child to have one . Thank you .
 I remember enjoying these as a kid and our family had one for years . When some gave us this one I thought it was pretty neat but WOAH is that music LOUD , there is no volumn control and while I 'm not a prude and want only quiet toys , contrary , I want toys that will stimulate young minds so I do n't mind noise but this thing IS LOUD ! So I put some tape over the 2 speakers -LRB- LOOKS like there are 4 but music only comes from 2 -RRB- I put tape over the speakers and wah-la just the right volume now.But I read why people rated this negatively . And I am glad , I thought it was just my imagination -- but it 's TRUE , this must be smaller than the original version I grew up with . At 18 months I tried to help my daughter spin on it yet for her to sit on it her chest would rub the steering wheel.By 2 she could spin it herself but would risk a tumble with each turn as she tried to balance herself on the small base and still manuever the steering wheel.A big turnoff is portability . To pick this up and move it you have to hold the bottom end otherwise it falls off the handle , perhaps it was meant to screw in and ours is missing a screw?Anyway , if someone wants to buy one cheap then I know where you can get one haha .
 Santa gave this toy to my daughter for Christmas . She is now 18 months old and she still does n't sit on it and spin . She tries to stand on it , and ends up losing her balance and tumbling off . Her favorite thing is to press the top to play music or to put a stuffed animal on it and spin the animal around . I hope she will `` rediscover '' this toy when she gets a little older because she seems bored and uninterested with it at her current age . I also find it a little unsettling/dangerous when she tries to stand on the spinning part .
 If your child has any size or weight at all , then do n't purchase this toy ! My son is rather big for his age of two and he could flip it while trying to turn it ... -LSB- flimsy -RSB- and not worth the money
 What a piece of junk ! I bought it with the idea that my children would be able to enjoy the same toy I had as a child . This toy would not spin , and is built to fall apart ! Do n't buy this product unless you are ready for disappointment
 Today 's Sit-N-Spins are nearly half the size they were when I was a kid -- and it 's not just because I got bigger that it looks smaller . My son got one for his second birthday , and he is too big for it ! He is not overweight , he is within normal height range for his age group . The base is not wide enough -- there is not enough room between the handle base and the edge of the seat for him to sit without rubbing against the handle , or falling off the edge of the seat . His feet dangle off the opposite end -- when he crosses his feet to sit , it works for a few turns ; still , he comes in contact with the handle base and it stops while he is still trying to spin.I 'm very disappointed with this , I thought it was a great toy , but they 've ruined it by making it impossibly small . Now all he does is push the button for the music , or give his stuffed animals a ride on it . His birthday was only two weeks ago !
 Neither of my toddlers like this toy other than to stand on top of it and jump off . I must admit it has held up well under this abuse . Although it has several catchy tunes and blinking lights , they care nothing about spinning around on it .
 This Sit n Spin definitely does not go as fast as the one we had as kids . Perhaps child safety issues have made the company slow down the rotation , but it 's just not as fun . And the music , with neither volume control nor an on/off switch , is deafening and irritating , even to my four year-old son . Not worth it . Find an old one at a thrift store -LRB- without music -RRB- and save your money !
 I purchased this toy for Christmas for my 18 month old son , and while putting it together was easy , the toy just did n't work . The toy would not spin ! My son could not turn himself and I had difficulty doing it for him . I wanted to take it back , but I 'd thrown my receipt away . Save your money on this toy it just is n't worth it .
 I recently bought this for my 2 year old daughter and she is too big for it ! As a kid , I remember how great this toy was . Trust me , this is n't the same toy . The toy is smaller than it used to be and it is incredibly flimsy . This new model has you put a couple of screws in place to attach the post to the base -LRB- the original was a single piece -RRB- . My daughter only uses it for music now . Buy something else that will be of more use to your kid .
 This sit-and-spin is very light , and therefore unstable . My son is less than 30 lbs , and it tips easily with him on it , and he does n't play with it for that reason . The products without the music pad are heavier , safer , and cheaper . My son LOVES those . We are expecting another baby , but this toy is in the garage sale pile .
 My kids loved this , but they stood on it and older children used it and my 2 year old pulled the steering wheel out and it never went back . It became wobbly and always fell out . I had to throw it away . They just do n't make things like the used to .
 This toy is very dangerous , not to mention annoying . It does n't have a power switch and if you even breath on it it will go into a rock n roll medley that will wake up your entire household . My son almost sprained his ankle on it .
 I agree with many of the other reviewers . First the quality of this toy is sub-par . The plastic structure is very flimsy . The middle part that you twist to spin around bends a great deal and is not sturdy enough to get a good twist . This leads to it being very hard to spin . Overall , I was very dissappointed since my son has never really used it and I remember loving this toy as a youngter .
 The speakers are right near the ears , there is no volume control and the music is loud enough to deamage hearing . Save you money and your child 's hearing and by the non-musical version .
 Well , the price is right for what we were looking for
 The keyboard requires a computer . This was not clear from the description and did not meet my needs for a simple keyboard for a young child . The ratings do not reflect the use of the item , but they were required inorder to make a comment .
 my son got one of these for x-mas from his aunt and after xmas I went back to where she bought it and there was no batteries avalable any person I spoke to stated it was a seasonal item yet there was still 6 of these tony things and 3 other remotes that take this flex packso I ventured to all the other local toy stores and same problem no flex pack so now I have a 70.00 dollar toy that my son can not play withhis aunt missed placed the receipt so if I take it back they will give me the sale price of 29.99 so his aunt might as well have just walked into target and given the cashier 30.00 dollarsand left
 I got this skateboarder for Christmas . I was so excited . My Dad put it together and we were about to go . As soon as we hit the power the front wheels broke off . My Dad was really mad saying that he hates this cheap plastic junk . But I was very upset . It was not supposed to break before I even got to play with it . My mom was ordering a new one just in case it was a defect but I wo n't get my hopes up as much this time .
 This toy really stinks if you are not familiar with it . Not sure if it is Amazon 's fault or the toy maker fault . It requires a specialized battery sold seperately and there is no mention of it on Amazaon 's web site . My son got this for Christmas and was all excited until he found out he could n't play with it until we found the specialized battery .
 I purchased the Tyco Tony Hawk RC in early November for my son for Christmas . NOT INCLUDED was the recharagable battery pack , something that needed to be purchased separately . NO WHERE in the description of the item was this noted , so on Christmas morning , we found a gift which we could not use . I had plenty of time to purchase this if I had known - but did not . I count on Amazon.com to let me know what the package requirements are . This should have been an automatic linked purchase that needs to be refused rather than discovered well after the purchase .
 My son wanted this for Christmas and at the time there was only one review , which was favorable , so I ordered it . I am really disappointed in it and my son is too . It keeps falling over , and sure , it gets up on its own , but how fun is that when it continuously falls ? It is hard to even keep it going in a straight line without tipping . All in all , a disappointment . The only fun is watching our dog bark at it . Too spendy for this toy . I would NOT recommend it . My son , who is nine , in his words says that it is `` frustrating '' and `` disappointing '' . Save your money and buy something worth while !!!!!
 If I go out and buy a new car I hope it comes with a battery.If I get a hamburger is there not meat included in the deal.I thought i was getting a great deal -LRB- didnt read the fine -RRB- . but now I have to hunt down a flexpack.I ` m heading out to get a snowcone now , i hpe it comes with some flavoring and not just ice.and by the way not every hobby shop has this battery pack
 Why would anyone sell a toy that you ca n't use unless you buy a seperate battery pack ? What good is the toy without the -LRB- just as expensive -RRB- battery pack ? This is marketing at its worst ! If you ca n't use it without the battery pack , why would n't they include it ?!
 Before purchasing Tony Hawk Skateboard ... , be aware that it requires a ... battery pak to operate it . OF COURSE the battery pak is not included with the purchase . This is obviously a marketing strategy to make it appear that you 're not paying -LSB- more money -RSB- for a TOY . The other frustrating thing about this is that I -LRB- my son -RRB- have had his Tony Hawk since late November and I have not been unable to find a battery pak to buy . -LSB- The store -RSB- , where I made the purchase NEVER has the battery in stock . Your only alternative is to buy it online ... and pay ... additional -LSB- money -RSB- for shipping
 They really made this one look a lot better on the TV commercial . I was expecting skateboard style stunts but this thing runs more like a slow car . I did like how it stands up automatically if it falls but sadly , that is the only cool feature of this toy . I returnde it and got R/C Battlebots instead .
 You failed to indicate that this toy required an additional battery pack that was not included . I did not realize this and my son was not able to play with this on Christmas . I also am not able to find this battery , so I purchased a $ ... toy that can not be used . I am very disappointed .
 What a disappointment for my 2 grandsons when on Christmas Eve they were allowed to open just one present each.They chose to open the gifts from their grandfather and me , They could not work the toys as there needed to be a POWER PACK ? of some sort to make it work . This was DEFINATELY not clear to me when I ordered the items . The boys tried to make usnot feel bad but it was embarrassing and a real let down . Now we are running all over trying to find these PACKS and they ca n't be found !!!!! And buying these additional parts makes it more expensive then we planned ... that is IF we can find them . What do we do with these worthless pieces of junk NOW ???
 When they say batteries not included , what they really mean is your child will be super disappointed when they open this RC toy up and ca n't use it since it requires a special rechargeable battery -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- . Why they would sell this item without the battery is beyond comprehension . Two thumbs down Tyco !!
 My son had a similar toy by Spinmaster called Vectron Phazor . After lots of use we decided to buy another one for his brother . This toy looks identical to the one we had , expect for the remote . So I bought it , thinking it would be just the same . It broke almost immediately . Something with the remote or hardware on the toy . I do not recommend this toy . I would recommend the other brand -LRB- Spinmaster
 The company we got this from was awesome ! We had gotten one of these and it was defected . We were shipped another one with no charge for the replacement ... again , it did n't work . My 10 year old though is a great kid and said it did n't bother him that it did n't work . -LRB- He had paid for it with his own money . -RRB- He told his younger brother not to bother with the same toy . The company though was really great ... too bad the toy did n't work well .
 The remote was completely different . The flying saucer was extremely small . The charger didnt fit in the charger slot . I did not get what I purchased . I am angry and would like what I purchased . Please send it to me . My cousin has this product
 If you have Windows Vista do not buy this as the company who makes them does not know computers are sold with Windows Vista now and do not offer any drivers for Vista . I guess they make money on the next one that does use Windows Vista . Stay Away if you have windows vista
 Our 3 year old does not like this book very much . Colors and shapes are too small . And there is too much other information around those items to make it clear that that is what they are supposed to be learning . It says it is supposed to teach numbers , but it only goes up to 5 . If I had to do it over again I would have purchased another Leappad book instead of this one .
 My daughter has 6 leappad books - this is the only one she does n't like . I am not sure why , but it just is n't as good as the rest !
 After 1 week , the wheels came off and the bolts and screws went flying . Very lucky my son did not eat them ! Terrible design !
 My 3 year old spent a total of 7 minutes playing with this book before she asked to put a different book into her Leap Pad . When I encourage her to use Pooh again , she absolutely refuses . She loves her Pooh characters and loves her Leap Pad . But this book ? It 's never been touched again . It seems to simple , and 3 year olds need a challenge .
 Of all the First LeapPad books to buy , make this the last one on your list . My daughter has NO interest in this one whatsoever ! &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; -LRB- I have two friends who have said the same thing . -RRB-
 I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WHEN I RECIEVED THE ITEM IN THE MAIL . IT WAS NOT ADVERTISED ANYWHERE ON THE PAGE THAT YOU HAD TO OWN A LEAPFROG SYSTEM IN ORDER TO USE IT . I JUST THOUGHT IT WAS A BOOK AND TAPE , AND I BOUGHT TWO .
 I was really upset when I received this item . I had ordered 2 becasue I thought it was a terrific deal , but nowhere did it mention that you needed the leappad player in order to use it . I hate returning things = -LRB-
 I think the LEAP system is fantastic and wholeheartedly applaud the designer and company . I think many , many families will find the My First Leap System very useful and helpful . It 's also so nice to find a product that does not have unbearably loud volume settings !! We and our daughter also are fans of Winnie the Pooh . SO disapointing , then , that THIS book/cartridge are so poorly done . Many 2-year olds will find this boring and it is designed for 3-4 year olds . THIS set teaches very little and is not interesting -LRB- boring -RRB- . They could have done so much with a POOH theme !! Do n't waste your time with this one .
 just my opinion ; but i have a hard time finding books to go with my 3yr old daughter 's first leap pad . she loves maurice sendak 's where the wild things are and she loves many of the other books that go with the leap pad that is for 6mo-24mo age range . i think they should have done a bit more research on which stories were associated with which leap pad system . as for the pooh bear game ; i agree ; way too easy here ; this would have been perfect for the leap pad made for younger children , and made a more challenging one for this level . great idea ; just not well put together .
 More cheap plastic c *** for the landfill . Was given to my son for Christmas . Not creative ... for those times when your 5 year old ca n't bend over to pick up that piece of whatever . I mean , it does what it 's advertised to do , but is basically just another gimmicky way for some company to make a buck at the expense of the environment . I wish people would start to think about the long term effects of these kinds of essentially useless toys on the earth . Did n't anyone see Wall-E ?
 Do not buy this product if you have any sense , or only if you have an odds calculator . The point of the game is to have the bank make offers that correlate to the $ $ $ left in the remaining briefcases . In the card version of the game , the bank offers are random cards that are drawn . Thus , the game makes absolutely no sense whatsoever . It is a cheap rip-off for people that are fans of the gameshow . We had 4 remaining briefcases with a total of 151.01 available , but the offers were $ 325 and $ 400k because the bank cards are drawn from a pile , instead of having the true odds calculated.A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY .
 The whole object of deal or no deal is that the bank 's offer is a calculated factor between the lowest and highest numbers on the board . My husband prides himself on determining the bank 's offer before they call because HE calculates in his head ... something me or the kids do n't do.Anyway , this game does n't use that , you pick out a random card from a deck for the `` offer '' . Thus the whole point of the game is void.Completely dumb.Also , it takes a long time to have to spread out all of the cards and then insert the dollar cards underneath them.I think an electronic version of the game is needed so it will automatically display the correct odds so the game can be played correctly , and this will also avoid the time it takes to set up each and every game with all the cards .
 I purchased this game for my grandson as he had played it with me on an old game set -LRB- about 15 years old -RRB- , I could n't believe the cheapness and lack of quality of the new game board , all playing pieces and the poorly printed money -LRB- only printed on one side and almost all the $ 10 bills came cut in half -RRB- . Also its strange that the old version money denominations went up to $ 5,000 and the new one only $ 1,000 , I guess we 've experienced deflation in recent years ? The game itself is great -LRB- counting , adding , subtraction and strategy for kids -RRB- , so if you can find a quality constructed version of the game and get what you pay for .
 It flies straight to the ground with the airplane on . If you want it to actually go up up and away you have to take the removeable air plane off and just fly the propeller . It was a total rip off until we found out the propeller flies very well . Now it 's just a disappointment .
 I paid $ 117 for car the size of a matchbox car . Could have gotten a better product locally for a better price
 First of all I love the rubix cube , I love its puzzle and yes I can solve it . My problem with the keychain is it broke , its not durable . It just popped when I was playing with the pieces and they flew everywhere and I was in a public space , I thought it may have been my fault so I gathered the pieces . Then on a different occasion it exploded everywhere and thats where I left it lol . Its a nice fun product but play with it too much and it wont last .
 I recently learned to solve the Rubik 's cube and wanted a practice model that I could take with me on the go . I did n't expect a fine , speed cube , but I expected more than this.It 's incredibly difficult to rotate . I 'm not sure any amount of oil will help . And it 's not machined properly so the pieces do n't fit well . You have to have it perfectly aligned to get any rotation on it , otherwise you WILL break it . Also , you WILL break it , anyway.Due to the effort involved in doing any series of moves , you 're likely to make a mistake , and the difficulty of using this thing is absolutely punishing in how hard it is to reset .
 The cube on this keychain fell apart the minute my son tried to move it . After it was put back together , it fell apart again right away . It 's now sitting on his dresser in pieces . Worthless . Very disappointing .
 I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas to replace one she had and lost . Upon opening the box I received the back cardboard the item should have been attached to but not the toy itself and got NO answers when I tried to get them to actually send me the toy . Be careful when ordering this as you may not actually get the product but a iece of cardboard with a picture of the item only .
 It turned to pieces in 1 minutes after I opened the box , I tried to fix it , but I did n't want to break my finger , do n't buy .
 Even if you can solve a Rubik 's cube I would n't buy this . The pieces fall apart and gets stuck when you twist . If you twist too hard it breaks . If you tug on the chain it breaks . Do n't buy it , it 's not worth it . The shipping and handling was more than the actual thing .
 It 's just an ornamental . It is hard to move . I thought it was made by rubik 's , but the lubrication and adjustability are very bad . What is more , one of the center cube became loose after several moves . However , it is very beautiful and small . It is not for fast solving , but just long trip tease .
 I remember my father had a rubik keychain 30 years ago that was 10 times better than this one.This version is not durable , the center pieces come off with a little push . Gets stuck very easily . It works , but it 's not nearly as good as the old version .
 We bought this R/C car for my 25 years old b-friend . He had fun with it , but after second week hetared to have problems with the engine . He relaced the engine for almost $ 230 , them he replaced crank case $ 100 and payed for service at lest $ 50 every week . Total expence of this toy was over $ 1000 . We bought it for over $ 600 .
 This would have been a fun little trick , but it was very cheaply made and more often than not does not work . In addition , it was not put together correctly and it took a while to figure out how to set it up , as you had to go inside and thread a tiny line through a cylinder.I got this because I thought it would be like a nice wooden version I saw once , but it was not . It was made of very cheap plastic.However , I ca n't blame the company too much , because it was also very inexpensive .
 most cranium games are worth the money , but not this one . the board is paper weight , the little shells are durable but hard to get to work in the piece that 's supposed to make noise . my toddler was not at all interested in it , and frankly I do n't blame him . Look for a better option with another cranium product . This one is not worth it .
 My 4 year old wanted this and played with it when she first brought it home , has n't played it since . It 's too easy for her . My 3 yr old did n't have the attention span to play since the audio was kind of slow . Often times I could n't get the shell to ` talk ' in my ear .
 I bought this game trying to find a fun learning game for my 3 and 5 year old.Both played this game for 5 minutes and have n't touched it since . The seashell sits on a plastic thing ... it took both my 3 year old and 5 year old several attempts to sit it on there right to play the sound back . If you accidentally bumped the seashell off the plastic holder , it 's starting a new turn.Also , the little shells that are to plug into the seashell ... the kids kept lifting up the seashell to plug and unplug them , thus causing the seashell to start over.I 'm actually really surprised this game made it onto shelves ... stay far far away from it . It 's just not a fun game at all , and I would n't call it a learning game either .
 As a long time fan of Cranium , this is a major disappointment . As the other reviewers have written , it is boring , frustrating , and does n't work all the time . It was a complete waste of money . Skip this game altogether .
 My 3 year old loves Cariboo , so I was excited to get the Sounds of the Seashore . What a diappointment ! It comes with a paper board that can get easily get torn , which it has . And it 's very boring ! Sometimes it 's hard to tell the difference in the sounds ... could that be crab claws clicking together ? Hard to tell ... stick to Cariboo for toddlers/preschoolers and leave Sounds of the Seashore at the beach !
 I bought this game for my 3 and 4 year olds . They love Cariboo and Hulabaloo , so I figured a Cranium game could n't miss . Well , I was certainly wrong ! The game is boring once you 've played it a few times . Once you can tell that the sound is , for example , a dolphin , you really do n't need to stick the key in the shell to tell you that . But if you do n't , the game does n't work . And , of course , if you jostle the shell wrong , it messes up the whole game . Luckily I got this on a really good sale because it 's now occupying space in the back of our game closet . Cramium should have known better !
 Cranium Sounds of the SeashoreNot sure why this product made it past Cranium Marketing . My kids were so confused with the instructions ! Plus , the plastic seashell does not properly fit on its plastic base and it failed to work when turned on . We could not tell the difference between a sea sound and the on sound . The instructions did not provide much guidance to that , and most importantly , how to play the game.To play a good memory game with preschoolers , I recommend using an old-fashioned deck of cards or buying the old-school Original Memory Game by Hasbro : Original Memory
 For a Cranium product I was pretty disappointed with this . The `` beginner '' level could easily be played by a toddler -LRB- 18 months -RRB- and the advanced level is not much more challenging . I echo the frustration others had with the shell restarting a new sound every time it was lifted or jostled . The conch shell was telling us hooray ! we were finished , when we still had about 6 shells on the board . At least dealing with that issue added a challenge to this otherwise completely boring game . If you think hearing a boat sound and then flipping over pictures until you find one of a boat sounds fun , then this is the game for you , otherwise I recommend parents of preschoolers get Cranium Cariboo instead .
 I agree with many of the other reviewers ; this game is bad . The game is hard to play , and not very fun even when you 're playing it right .
 The product made it look and sound like there was Copper that you could put from the mine onto the freight car . The top of the freight car flips over from and `` empty '' position , to a `` full '' position . Nothing goes up the side of the conveyor belt of the mine , and nothing dumps into the train . This toy is utterly boring and a waste of money !
 when I opened the paking it look like someone punch the front of product . the blue cylender was in 6 pieces , the whiteframing had 90 % broke off and the top where light blinks was broke in half . I glued it all but it looks pretty crappy . Seeing the glue lines and the stairs that go around dont match up but I made do . I have spent almost $ 1,000.00 to amazon and this is first time but it looks like it was returnded before cause white stairs have glue globs and the blue lid looks like someone tried to glue it with elmers glue . I am very disappointed this time . This order was over $ 300.00
 This Ann Coulter doll lacks the real Ann Coulter 's manly Adams Apple.The sound bites are suspicious , too . Never one to shy away from promoting stereotypes , the real Ann Coulter is n't afraid to call a `` raghead '' a `` raghead . '' This doll , on the other hand ...
 Why would anyone buy this product ? You can tell by the picture that it 's badly made . Any right-thinking conservative should find it a travesty of their beloved blonde blowhard . And what liberal would bother?Just to enumerate
 I just gave this to my 7-year-old daughter for hanukkah . She was very excited as she loves to make up stories and draw . She immediately began playing with the toy and ended up in tears . The pens do n't work well on the pages -- the ink does n't stick and the stickers do n't adhere well so when you try to turn the page to work on another one , the stickers all fall off . We never even made it to the recording . It 's going back to the store tomorrow .
 This fell apart pretty quickly . I guess it 's not surprising considering it is a cheap plastic toy , just be fore-warned that it will not last .
 Two of the tubes leaked immediately . It is not worth the money , and I am sorry that I spent mine .
 Someone meant well buying these and my son truly loves them . Learning how to fill them and understanding the science behind them is truly great . The sound they make seriously gives me a headache whether he is using them appropriately or not . I highly advise if you buy these you plan on them for outdoor use . Also it is easy to accidently suck up water using them by mistake -LRB- or intentionally -RRB- so if you are going to use them I highly suggest truly non-toxic soap or plain wateer in a clean tub .
 This is great as a set of 5 independent whistles but that is all . Forget about filling them up with the correct amount of water to play anything recognizable . The tubes also too easily fall out of the holder for them .
 We 've had these since my daughter was 2 -LRB- she 's 4 now -RRB- . They are really loud and echo throughout the bathroom which is not much fun for the adult . After she tired of the whistle they just became water receptacles to fill up and dump . She never really cared about making a song or different water levels making different tones . I would n't buy this as a gift .
 Not sure what I was thinking when I got these but my 3 year old loves to blow them like the horrible hell whistles that they are as I bathe her in our small , vaulted ceiling bathroom and the result is ear piercing . If you have a echo chamber for a bathroom , think twice .
 I bought this for my 1 and 3 year old . The only use they got out of it was walking around the house blowing in it . They never used it as it should be used , disinterested .
 My wife and I received this as a gift for our daughter . When trying to setup the synchronization with the cow , it took me about 20 minutes to realize that the only way this was going to occur was if my television was absolutely blasting AND the cow was two feet in front of it.We have a Bose Cinemate hooked up to our plasma . Do you have any idea how loud it is when cranked ?! That 's how high the volume needed to be to set this garbage up.Unfortunately , if you 're not someone that enjoys sitting 30 inches away from a plasma television with the volume turned all the way up , this toy is n't for you . Once I WAS able to sync the device , as soon as I moved more than 4 feet away , the link was broken.Avoid this piece of -LRB- poop -RRB- at all costs .
 This is probably going to stand out as a stark contrast to the raves . I bought this product nearly 9 months ago for my then 1.5 yr old son.The mfr make claims that this product interacts with the provided dvd and cd . This toy is merely a TIMED RECORDING OF PROGRAMMED RESPONSES . Do n't believe me ? after setting up your unit , put your tv on mute , or pause the dvd , belore long , you 'll realize that the toy is not doing anything dynamic or spontaneous -LRB- and after it 's engaged , does n't need the dvd to generate responses -RRB- . Another way to prove this is to rewind or forward the dvd , the product will not respond appropriately.I will admit the dvd is a little interesting to babies/toddlers , but not worth $ 50 , or even half of that.What renders this product somewhat useless is that IF your dvd/cd is damaged or if there 's background noise -LRB- a playgroup or have guests over -RRB- , the toy will not engage and then it sits as a plush toy that only makes 2 noises when it 's belly button is pressed . I can buy toys with more capabilities on the clearance aisle.The bottom line : This product 's worth is only in novelty and would make a better -LRB- but less-useful -RRB- gift as oppposed to an investment for developmental purposes.For the $ 50 spent , one would be better off investing in a couple Blues Clues DVDs or the Fisher Price Laugh & Learn Puppy -LRB- or both -RRB- . Ask someone you know that 's had it for more than a couple months if they are still satisfied with their purchase . I 've been through a lot of toys with my busy little guy and this one gives me a little remorse .
 Supposed to be a great toy . Very interesting video . but the next day the toy stopped working :-LRB- my baby was really upset and disappointed .
 I was so excited to get this new product for my 3 1/2 month old after reading so much about it . After we put in the batteries and played the DVD , I saw the `` magic '' happen . Of course , it was cute with the interaction between the stuffed animal and the DVD while it was playing , but here 's the bad part . All the animals have a bellybutton where it transmits/receives the audio for it to interact with the DVD , but it is this very annoying , even blinding LED blue light . How can we even stare at the animal without getting blinded by the light ? Not to mention , a baby 's sensitive eye . The animal only says a few phrases that correspond to parts of the DVD , which I understand is all that is necessary for a 3-12 month old . The voice of the animal is rather frightful motherese tone , which was not soothing for babies . Do n't get me wrong , my baby was staring at her new `` friend '' , but she did wail at the beginning . Overall , I thought the product was not bad , but the reason I gave it such a low score was because of the bright LED light that makes it impossible to stare at the toy and the DVD content . After finishing the entire DVD the first time , I boxed the product back up and returned it the next day . For a product that is geared for babies starting at 3 + months , it needs more music . I think I 'll be sticking to the Baby Einstein series because they actually get it right the first time . Do n't waste your money on this product unless you want your baby to be blinded by the adorable little lamb .
 Do n't waste your money on this one !! The Alex brand is usually so reliable and fun and this kit looked like it would follow that pattern . The kit comes with strips of pre-cut `` fabric '' and a template to follow . But it 's not easy at all , thanks to the way in which the strips are packaged -- they are wrapped in one gigantic circle . After you cut the tape to release the strips from the package , they do not lie flat , they just keep curling back up again and again . This makes it virtually impossible to weave . The strips slide all over the place , so that you lose track of where you are and your weave becomes uneven . My daughter and I were completely frustrated after numerous attempts -LRB- using 4 hands to hold everything down and in place -RRB- and finally we gave up and threw the whole thing in the trash . My 7 y.o. daughter was n't even sad or upset , just totally disappointed and mad that it would n't work right . We are not even bothering to open the one that my 9 y.o. received.It 's totally not worth the effort .
 There are about 20 steps missing between step 4 and step 5 . It took me 20 minutes between those two steps . -LRB- My daughter did a mosaic frame while I struggled , that she enjoyed -RRB- Nowhere does it clue you in on how make the pattern work , I gave up on the pattern . And after the I got figured out that you should start from the middle and work your way out . My daughter was frustarted by th 5th piece ; its a very tight weave.I doubt we will ever finish this project .
 Be aware that this NOT an actual soccer ball ; just a playground ball with soccer-ball colored markings . This kind of ball , without the coloring , is available for far less at most major discount stores .
 This is not a soccer ball , but in fact a small , under-inflated rubber ball with a soccer ball design printed on it . It might be a good choice for a small child , but lower priced options of the same quality are available . If you need an actual soccer ball , this is not for you .
 This is all my son wanted for Christmas ... . the first time he tried to change the mouth/voice changer , the post broke off inside the first mouthpiece . This is the number one toy of the season and it breaks the first time it 's played with ... . What a disappointment .
 My son wanted this toy very badly and was very excited to get it . It broke the first time he played with it and he has not used it since . the piece that broke was the little plastic piece that holds the mouth piece to the mask . This toy was made very cheaply .
 I ordered this toy for my two grandsons , ages 7 and 8 , for Christmas . They were so excited when they opened them , but what a huge disappointment ! Neither of them worked . The first one we tried was garbled when we went to play back the recordings . The next one did not even record my grandson 's responses . We put brand new batteries in both of them , but they still did not work . We have enjoyed other Cranium products , especially their games , but this toy is a dud !
 My daughter got this thing for Christmas and it 's a nightmare for me . The streaks do n't wash out . I tried washing them out and now she has a tangled nightmare . Do n't use the streaks or wash the dolls hair ! If you buy or get this thing , throw away the hair paint immediately or the doll will be an ugly diappointment .
 i bought this for my 5 yr old for Christmas and i am so disapointed in it . she could n't wait to get this but when she tried to play with it the hair was just awfull it only came with a comb and the comb would n't even start to go through the hair so we got a brush and i helped her brush and i couldn ' do anything with the hair either.it was a mess . so then she tried to play with the rings that came with the head . the rings were to big and the hands lean down and the rings just fall off . the earings were the same way they have these rings in her ears and you cant get the clip on earrings to stay on they fall off every time you put them on . it comes with lots of fake nails to put on but they don ' work either . the only thing that worked was the lip gloss that came with the head . this toy should not even be sold it is so bad . if i was toyrus i would be ashamed to sell this toy.if i had not threw my box away after she opened it this morning i would take it back to toysrus and get my money back.this was one of my childs main presents this morning and it was no fun at all to get a toy that is this bad and nothing works on it like they say it does . i would not buy this toy for any child .
 Warning ... Do not Buy this !! My 8 year old daughter has wanted a toy like this for years ... she finally gets one for Christmas ... takes it out of the box , and the arm falls off ! The glue-like substance at the break is even wet . Toys-R-Us can not even keep these things together at their factories apparently ! Then the jewelry , piece after piece just falls apart . Pathetic . Cheap Plastic , stones falling out of `` jewelry '' and the tops of the rings fall off the ring 's loop!Save your money , and your child 's feelings ... I did save the box , and it is going back!Shame on you Toys-r-Us !
 We ordered the Crowd Pleazer , Body 2.0 , believing it was a full model car , as was pictured , with a body style number of 2.0 . All we received was a cheap , clear plastic body shell , worth absolutely nothing to us . There was no detailed text description of the product . We are demanding a full refund including express shipping charges . Amazon should require this merchant to more clearly describe the product so that buyers are not mislead into thinking its a complete model car and not just the clear plastic body shell .
 This is a simple toy , glasses with a couple things you can pop on to make it funny . The lenses are not clear so it 's a little hard to see through . I guess if you had the other giggle gear products to go along with this it might be fun but this is NOT a stand alone toy . On top of that the included batteries were dead so I had to drop 5 more bucks into those and then all it does is blink a little .
 We were really excited about this when we bought it for our children . The first one we had , we could not get the blue light on . We tried every possible way to get the batteries in - no matter what the combination - the blue light would not light up or blink . So , we took it back to return it and picked up another one . This one 's light would blink . We were hopefull . Unfortunately , after over a dozen attemps including multiple TVs and even the audio CD - the unit would not configure - the light kept on blinking . So , we 're taking this back and not going to try another . A cool idea and it would be the greatest if it actually worked . I can only assume that the quality tanked because of trying to meet holiday production .
 MagIQ TimeI purchased the MAGIQ DVD for 3-12 months . I got it home , and the stuffed animal would NOT SYNC with our TV . We tried ALL of the televisions in the house . We even resorted to trying it on our two computers . I called , and they were not able to help me with any tech . advice . They said it just happens sometimes . I even turned off my surround sound , which is an important fact that is written no where in the booklet . So , if u have surround sound -LRB- most us of in 2009 do -RRB- , this PRODUCT WILL NOT WORK WITH YOUR DVD AND TV . CAN NOT HAVE SURROUND SOUND ! The product is amazing , I think , if it would work . ALl the reviews are amazing . I just hate to see someone pay this much , and it not work . Since they are DISCONTINUED , Tiny Love -LRB- the brand -RRB- are not able to send you a replacement . They wanted to send me some thing that I could n't even use until my son was 12 months . He is now , 5 . lol I did speak to a wonderful , nice lady named Peggy at Tiny Love . She was willing to let me pick what I wanted . If the product works , I can see how well it would work . I so wish that Aaron could have got to try it our . The interactive is amazing technology . It just needs to work correctly !
 Got this for my 6 year old for Christmas . Lots of fun , favorite gift ... for about 3 days then it just stopped working . So angry because natch I did n't have the box or receipt ... threw the box out the day before because it seemed to be a hit . She kept the pieces for some reason but I just get mad when I look at them knowing how I threw away my money . Grrrr !
 This is a very poorly made MP3 bought two units one for each of my children one worked and the other did n't even turn on . The headphones were of poorer quality than the unit . Spend a few more dollars to get a better unit . As they say you get what you pay for !!!
 Do n't buy from this company ! It lists this item in stock , but it is most deinetly NOT . I canceled my order after a month of waiting . The low price is not worth it when you are waiting on your child 's first birthday present .
 This is not the image of the mbx r2 it is the comp ultra and the mbx r2 came and has no engine nor servo control -- c'est la vie .
 My two year old twins are really into tops right now , so I thought they would love this . After pumping the top to full capacity and letting it stand on it 's own , the train will spin VERY slowly around the track only 1 and 1/2 turns before it stops and the sound effects keep going while nothing moves . If you want to watch the entire top spin , you must hold it up off the ground by the top of the pumper . My kids are very frustrated that it does not work like a traditional top . If the train would spin faster and longer , they might be able to play with it . Maybe the one I got is broken ? It came with no instructions , which a top should not need , and all of the writing on the box is in German . Since my kids who love tops want nothing to do with it , I can only give it one star .
 I bought this toy for my 3.5 yo twins for over $ 20 , which for a top is very very expensive . But the majority of the reviews were positive , and the kids are really into trains , so I bought it . It arrived promptly , and the kids immediately started playing . About 10 minutes into the game the sound stopped working . The train does go around the field , but very slowly , and stops about 5 seconds into the trip . To push the handle down takes all of their strength , so I do n't think a younger child would be able to push it down . It does not come close to my expectations for the price . Would NOT recommend .
 It looked like the base was a suction cup ... my son used to have one and was abler to play with it on his play table -- this does n't even spin well ... a real dissapointment as I actually sought this item out after much searching and was so excited for my grandson to enjoy it as his Dad did !
 This toy top is not at all what I expected . Not very stimulating to look at . The top must be pressed down very hard to get the train noise to play and then the train moves around the track rather slow and even stops before the train sund is over and the top is still spinning . If the train isnt in motion you cant even tell the top is spinning as it remains silent and there isnt any color effect to notice that its spinning . The only time you are aware it spinning is when the train moves , and that is for a very short time . The worse thing about it is that it takes alot to get the train sound effect to play . The average child would not know that they must realy press it down super hard and fast to get it to play . It isnt a very stimulating toy and I my son lost interest in it after to times ... just wasnt very exciting like his last spinning top he had .
 The cone base broke in just 3 months use . The base is a very thin plastic , needs to be upgraded . Do not purchase if you want a toy that lasts .
 I would not pay twenty-some dollars for this again . It 's just not that impressive a toy . A little kid ca n't even play with it by him/herself . It does n't seem to be made very well , either .
 This item was much smaller than I expected and offered very little in the way of writing help for teaching fifth graders .
 I am quite disappointed with this product because it does n't do what I expected . I brought this for my seven year old son because he loves to learn about different places . I thought the globe would help him learn by pointing to a place and telling him about it . Instead , it just plays a game asking questions . Yes , he can learn by this type of interaction , but that is not what I wanted from this product . I thought I had search the internet enough and had found what I wanted for him , I did n't . In my opionion , it would be a great institutional learning aide for a classroom environment . Perhaps for an older child this would be a more useful learning product .
 This globe is absolutely horrible to try to assemble . You must own or buy an almost microscopic Phillips-head screwdriver just to install batteries . Even then , the teeny-tiny screw gets stripped , no matter how gently you engage it . Once the batteries are installed , it takes at least 2 people to attach the globe to the base , unless you want to break the ultra-thin , plastic arc holding the globe . What a waste of $ 75 - . Definitely do n't buy this , unless you 're willing to take a 50-50 chance of having to return it .
 Who ever thought this was an age-appropriate doll for GIRLS ??? Leather , zippers , and thigh high boots ? Please ???!!! I can not believe that anyone would allow their daughters to play with this doll . It looks like a better name for the toy is `` S&M Bratz '' - all it 's missing is a whip .
 They Talk About My Scene Dolls BeingSlutty Look At This totally Slutty HorribleLooking Outfit I like Swappin Styles NoleeI think She Is Great And Way Prettier Than This DollMy Scene Is Way Better
 Despite the odd `` hmm ... '' at a too-short skirt or slightly untasteful top every so often , I am rather fond of Bratz -LRB- no Bratz-MyScene bashing , please ! -RRB- and have always found their fashions not only stylish and cute but also set a good example to girls
 I thought this product would be great for the floating trips I take during the summer . Although it does work to hold a case of beer , there is little room left for ice and what ice their is gets melted due to the transparent nature of the cooler . Actually , I would n't even call it a cooler . It is more like a little green house .
 The one I received is the same concept and function , but is a solid white with some blue lettering on it , not this cute looking clear plastic with blue and pink lettering , so that was disappointing , and I 'm not going to go to the trouble to send back an item like this , so beware , they may not send you exactly the product you think you are ordering !
 I received this item , and inflated it . I then put it in my friend 's boat . I never put any ice or beverages in it . The boat burned in the middle of the night . I found no trace of the cooler afterward . At this point , I had a revelation . THIS ITEM IS NOT FIREPROOF !!!!
 Myscene is good clean fun.Bratz are ; EVIL,UGLY,HOME-LESS , FROWNING , GOTH -LRB- SOME ARE -RRB- , SKINNY NINNIES , BIG HEADS ! -LRB- My myscene got put up to a bratz doll and the bratz head was bigger !!! Myscene have longer bodies !!! Back to my list ... ; wire-haired , snotty , bad examples , naughty , VERY evil , mean , wine drinking twelve year olds !!! -LRB- Look at the limo 's accesories and you will see a fancy cup filled with red wine !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Despite the odd `` hmm ... '' at a too-short skirt or slightly untasteful top every so often , I am rather fond of Bratz -LRB- no Bratz-MyScene bashing , please ! -RRB- and have always found their fashions not only stylish and cute but also set a good example to girls
 Who ever thought this was an age-appropriate doll for GIRLS ??? Leather , zippers , and thigh high boots ? Please ???!!! I can not believe that anyone would allow their daughters to play with this doll . It looks like a better name for the toy is `` S&M Bratz '' - all it 's missing is a whip .
 whose stupid idea was this ?! Her lipstick is too bright and although is hair is a little too reddish , her hair is probably her best feature . Otherwise , her clothes are ugly and they 're too tight . You might say she looks sexy but her clothes make her the opposite - HORNY !!!!!! UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUggly
 Yeah , you can like this doll but well ... she looks like a hooker , no wait she basically is ms.hooker doll of the year .
 This toy sucks it is very sexual and it make kids believe dressing like hookers is cool but it 's not it . O for this Doll ! BOO ! BOO this doll
 I bought this product hoping to make molds for polymer clay . I tried to make molds out of numerous pieces of old jewelry . It failed to capture any details . It might work for something with a basic shape with less details . I am going to try using a resin mold instead to see if that works out .
 I have great respect for sculpey products in general , but this socalled Moldmaker is a complete disappointment since you open it . Indeed , ... it is really sticky and the use of some powder helps very little , because the `` stickiness '' remains and it is imposible to get a good setting for your mold . Even worst , when you want to separate the Master from the mold , if it comes off without a part of your new mold would be a miracle ! . Another thing , they say that the mold will remain flexible after cooking at the right time and temperature , something wich I did - and this is not true at all , ... in my case , after the third use I did of the mold made with this product it was alrady brittle and useless . Believing that this product would be great-good I bought almost a dozen of them and I am done , because I am not to going to be able to do any good molds with it . Do not waste your money please .
 O.K. I never really said that I hate Bratz . I Like everything ! So , All you have to do is stop writing bad things about my scene dolls . We didnt write bad things about Bratz dolls until you Bratz lovers started dissing my scenes!So , to be a better and more mature person , Dont write bad stuff about things that other people like . If you dont like something , KEEP IT TO YOURSELF ! Dont write it on the internet!I Didnt Write bad stuff about Bratz , I just told you to stop dissing my scenes . And when you write back , dont go on about `` Freedom of speech '' and that you can state your opinion . Learn to accept what other people like , I accept that yall like Brtaz . O.K. ?! I just wrote all that stuff to you so that you wouldnt write bad stuff . Learn to like My Scene dolls ! Im just trying to make the world better one person at a time ! Learned your lesson yet ?!
 Well , Leweez10 , what you just wrote was very extremely weird . You are telling us that just because we dont like this doll , that it doesnt mean that other people like you , Leweez10 , dont like it so we should not ruin it for you . Well , according to the My Scene area of this site , you have been totally dissing the My Scene dolls . You 've written tons of horrible stuff about them . So , what I wrote about your Bratz dolls was just a comeback for what you did . So its your fault . So what I am trying to say is Stop dissing My Scene dolls . Thats all I have to say .
 YOU BRATZ FANS ARE SOOOOOOOOOOO DUHMB !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY SCENE IS THE BEZT . AND BRATZ ARE SUCKY SUCKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY SCENE WILL ROREVER BE BETTER THAN BARTZ !!!!!!!!!! PS DID I MENTION BRATZ SUCJ AND MY SCENE RICJS?OH YAH , YOU BRATZ FANS ARE STUPID FREAKS !
 How can you even waste your money on this piece of worthless filth . I mean , how can you even LOOK at it . It has a fat soccer ball head I wish that I could kick off and put in a place that it will never be found . But NOT in my house . I would have Leweez10 nightmares .
 Despite the odd `` hmm ... '' at a too-short skirt or slightly untasteful top every so often , I am rather fond of Bratz -LRB- no Bratz-MyScene bashing , please ! -RRB- and have always found their fashions not only stylish and cute but also set a good example to girls
 Its me ! How old are you ? write back ! Im 13 , and my little sis who is writing this too is 10 . You can call us Lilo and Stich ! You just wrote not to say mean things about people you dont know , Then you told us to Shut up ! Follow your own advice ! We Are just gon na tell you to stop dissing my scenes . We are just tryning to get you to stop it ! And when you write back , dont talk about Freeedom of speech or '' I can say what i wan na say . '' O.K ?! If you have something bad to say about my Scene dolls , KEEP IT TO YOUSELF ! we are just trying to make the internet a better place , one person at a time . Learn to accept My Scene dolls . I mean , We accept Bratz ! LEARNED YOUR LESSON YET ?!
 Who ever thought this was an age-appropriate doll for GIRLS ??? Leather , zippers , and thigh high boots ? Please ???!!! I can not believe that anyone would allow their daughters to play with this doll . It looks like a better name for the toy is `` S&M Bratz '' - all it 's missing is a whip .
 This product looks great in the photo on the site but when received it is smaller than anticipated and is not made well and does not look good . The decals are crooked and barely affixed . Terrible product . I did not know it was so small and it belonged to something else for it to be lighted . Very very confusing .
 This is a poorly designed and very poorly constructed product . Looks good in pic only .
 I 'm sure that the item in the original stock photo is a wonderful product.That 's what I thought I would be getting as , afterall , that 's what I ordered.However imagine my surprise when I opened the box and saw that although the item resembled the one shown , it was missing the key features that initially drew me to purchase it after I spent so much time researching and comparing similar products for a friend 's baby gift.First of all , the item I received did n't even have a clip , but a rubber ring that is so difficult to pry apart that I think most people would n't want to take it off again once attached to something.Secondly , the nice adjustable length of cord attaching the main frog component to the clip in the photo is now an inch-long piece of fixed fabric , not adjustable.Next , two of the plush hanging parts have remained unchanged but the third -LRB- the soft turtle -LRB- ? -RRB- facing away in the stock photo -RRB- has become hard red plastic stamped `` CHINA '' on the back.I absolutely will not buy anything for a baby that contains plastic unless it specifically states BPA - , phthalate - and PVC-free as it will undoubtedly go into their mouth at some point.Also , this plastic piece just hangs there . No rattle , no squeak , no nothing.The mirror other reviewers so raved about was left out completely without so much as a word of explanation.I called customer service -LRB- three times , twice was disconnected -RRB- and after 20 minutes managed to explain this to someone who offered to refund or replace it . He said there was no guarantee I 'd receive the right item if I requested a replacement but I opted to do that in hopes this was just a fluke . He placed a new order for me , overnighted the package and upon opening the package saw that this one was the same as the last.I 'm not sure whether Amazon just has spotty quality control and did n't compare the items that were shipped to them to the manufacturers photo or if they knew and just expect people to settle for a similar yet inferior product at the same price as the feature-packed one but it will definitely make me more wary of buying from them in the future ... and I 'll be returning this one too .
 The toy was new in the box , but there was an opening made so you could try the toy in the front . The toy was dirty so I 'm assuming whatever was on it got on it through that opening . It look very dated . And the picture on the front was coming off .
 These dragons look pretty cool -LRB- not as cool as one of McFarlanes STATUES , eh , but still ... -RRB- . They each come with 2 helmets . Each helmet activates one of the two LEDs hidden in it 's chest so they light up with one of two colors depending on which helmet they use . The reason these dragons get only 2 stars is that they are not very poseable at all and I am all about poseability . The bottom jaws moves up and down a bit . The head pivots on one axis where it connects to the body . The hind legs have two axes of movement where they meet the body -LRB- like the shoulders of a 3.75 '' G.I.Joe -RRB- . The front legs are the same with an added one axis of movement reverse -LRB- bends forward -RRB- knee . The wings are on ball joints where they attach to the body , but the shape of the wings and the body prevent you from being able to move them much at all . The tail is completely static . For a construction kit toy , these things should have A LOT more joints .
 These dragons look pretty cool -LRB- not as cool as one of McFarlanes STATUES , eh , but still ... -RRB- . They each come with 2 helmets . Each helmet activates one of the two LEDs hidden in it 's chest so they light up with one of two colors depending on which helmet they use . The reason these dragons get only 2 stars is that they are not very poseable at all and I am all about poseability . The bottom jaws moves up and down a bit . The head pivots on one axis where it connects to the body . The hind legs have two axes of movement where they meet the body -LRB- like the shoulders of a 3.75 '' G.I.Joe -RRB- . The front legs are the same with an added one axis of movement reverse -LRB- bends forward -RRB- knee . The wings are on ball joints where they attach to the body , but the shape of the wings and the body prevent you from being able to move them much at all . The tail is completely static . For a construction kit toy , these things should have A LOT more joints .
 Many fake food suppliers say that their bagels are 5 inches diameter . Are yours really 5 inches in diameter and 1.5 '' thick?Bud@ownrev.com
 I 've only played it once with 4 people , so maybe we did n't understand fully . Nonetheless it feels somewhat similar to Power Grid , without being half as fun . We found it rather annoying that the board was n't translated , which made it much harder to learn the already complex game . I think the real problem with the game is that it 's all about scoring points -LRB- as a consequence of building factories at the right time and in a few other ways -RRB- , the only interaction you have with other players is through the auctioning system which I did n't really like at all .
 I thought it will be a good beach volleyball , but I was wrong.After about 1 month it was all ruined.And we played just a couple times a week . I do n't think it 's the best beach volleyball for the money.I would never buy it again . I am very disappointed .
 The handle falls off easily so its not good for a young toddler learning to walk.The seat is VERY wide so unless your -LSB- small kid -RSB- has legs as long as a -LSB- grown up kid -RSB- its not going to be comfortable . The wideness does help with the balance of it for a child that would be pushing it but the handle popping off kind of defeats that purpose .
 My son received this as a gift for his first birthday from his grandparents . He was delighted for all the obvious reasons - it 's a fun , rideable gigantic Thomas that plays all the fun songs . He ignored all other gifts for this one.However , I agree with everyone else 's review ... the black handle is absolutely ineffective . My husband even tried glueing it to make it work ... it now lies on the floor in a corner of our dining room . The red handle is also very poor quality ... turns in it 's hole and comes out entirely . My son likes this , but I know it 's not supposed to work that way . Lastly , the fun buttons that played the cute music have stopped working one by one . I have n't totally minded this , but it 's been disappointing.If you 're looking for a push toy , go elsewhere ! I had no idea this toy was so expensive , and sincerely hope my mother in law paid less for such a poor quality item .
 Like others have said , the black handle/back comes off too easily and it winds up sitting in a corner somewhere . My 2 year-old who has never broken a toy or ripped a page in a book managed to break the button that plays the song - in just one month after receiving this toy . If a gentle child can easily break this toy , then I 'd hate to see how long it -LRB- does n't -RRB- last with a rough and tumble toddler .
 My son got this toy on his first birthday . He loved it . The second day he had it , one of the buttons broke . The next day , another button broke . I was very sad because my son loved this toy so much . I had to bring it back and get a different type of ride on . Which still works five months later . Do n't buy it . It looks cute but it does n't hold up to toddler play .
 The train is very cute , but the design and quality is sub-standard . The Red Handle bar became loose after two days of gentle use by my 1 yr old son , and the black handle bar on the back keeps coming out when my son push the train , which causes him to fall . I would not recommend it until it is improved .
 My son loves his `` choo choo '' especially the theme song that plays when the button is pushed . Unfortunately our first Thomas ' buttons seemed to have `` collapsed '' and they were n't able to play the sounds any longer . Fine , I brought it back and bought another one because this toy is so darn cute . Well , it has been one week and the same problem has occurred . The buttons that play the sounds have `` collapsed '' again ! I can assure you my son has not abused the toy in any way and this defect is manufacturer fault . For such an expensive toy , I am very disappointed . Should I try and get a third one ? I highly doubt I want to go through this trouble again . The other reveiws stating the back handle is too loose is also a concern and seems to be a standard across every Thomas Scootin ' Sounds .
 I purchased these as a giveaway for my son 's `` dirt-day '' party . the buckets were great but the shovels are so flat that it is more difficult to dig with compared to other plastic shovels .
 Do n't even think about ordering this . Cheap plastic , now where near how much it cost . Too much trouble to return so I 'll just deal with it . Came cracked , not well packed . . usless . I would n't pay over .50 cents for this . It 's cheaply made . Do n't like it . You ca n't choose your color , and if you think you 're getting a set of 4 , think again . You 'll only get one cheap plastic pail . . then you 'll be made at yourself for getting it , then you do n't want to deal with the hassel of returning . Save yourself and do n't buy it .
 The card shoe I received was clearly marked 8 decks . It is the same size as the one I already have which was marked 6 decks . It does not work very well at all . In order to get 8 decks in you have to force them in and the shoe does not operate properly at all .
 I am extremely dissatisfied with this product . Upon opening the box , I noticed that the model was damaged in three places -LRB- dents in the driver 's side door and the rear quarter panel at the roof and the lower molding below the driver 's door is bent -RRB- . There is no way that both the manufacturer and shipper could have missed the flaws which leads me to believe that this was a second but not advertised as such . I did not return the item because it 's too much of a hassel . I just wo n't purchase anything through Amazon again .
 This toy is too hard for little ones to figure out , even with adult supervision . The dolls do not stand in their special stage shoes , they tip easily and knock over their instruments . The stage in small and even little hands have a hard time playing in such a small space . My daughter is 6 and was disappointed .
 Bought 2 . One did not work properly . Did not read clearly to see it does not transform . Also , 5 year old was not interested in `` fancy speaker box '' , but 8 year old was . There are many other models that will make your kids happier .
 Length :
 My 3 year old daughter received this as a gift and I ca n't believe the poor construction of this playset . Pieces of cardboard are glued to the back of the castle for added support since the plastic on this thing is so cheap . Since it 's not very sturdy , it does n't stand up on its own very well . It fell over onto the carpet and the screws popped out . So 1 week after getting it out of the box , it 's broken.Don ' t purchase this item ... it 's not worth your time and money .
 The pieces were very tiny and the sticker flags kept popping off the plastic . My daughter 's favorite part was the pink and white horse with the carriage , which she promptly took over and put with her dollhouse . After asking Santa for a Cinderella Castle she was a bit disappointed . This playset would probably be fine for a child who was just going to set it up and not play with it .
 My girls love the idea of playing with this castle , but they find the figures do n't fit any of the furniture pieces and the prince wo n't stay standing . Mostly , they set up a scene and abandon the playset on the floor after 10 minutes , so the pieces get lost . Or they stick the prince in ` prison ' - a tower only accessible by the window , and run over to ask me to fish him out - no easy task!Spend your money on something else . We got more mileage out of the Disney Princess figurine set.Disney Princess Figurine Set
 I purchased this slide cover for our sunshine wooden playset for my kids . After contacting the seller regarding setup -LRB- which they pretty rude because I couldnt understand the instructions -RRB- I decided that I have someone come in to install it as I didnt want to damage the slide or playset . Two different companys advised me that the slide cover would damage the slide . You have to screw in nails and over time I would have to replace the slide . The velcro tape that was provide was made of very bad quality . I wouldnt recommend it . I looks great and a looks like a great idea . But I dont want to damage slide . The need come up with a better way of installing the cover without making holes into the slide .
 These stupid gloves ripped the second time i put them on my hands . I would only recommend then to someone who feels like wasting 30 bucks .
 Not enough detail in description . Small and plastic . It really would break easy if used for any type of heavy movement .
 The grandparents bought this durable but expensive trike when our son was 2 . Sure it rides and pushes smoothly , is sturdy and can tolerate the elements , BUT there 's something drastically wrong with the sizing - especially the distance from the seat to the pedals . He has found it very hard to ride -LRB- or even be pushed in -RRB- until recently and he 's nearly 4 . A small child must be able to sit snugly back in the seat and easily reach and push the pedals or he will lose interest -- and confidence -- fast . A friend bought the same trike and concurred there was just something wrong about how her daughter fits on it , though she has no trouble riding the more compact tricycles at school with no assistance . Maybe the manufacturer 's mistake is in recommending it for toddlers .
 My children love Star Wars and each wanted different Star Wars toys for Christmas . This toy was inexpensive but very cheap looking . Princess Leia 's face is ugly and does n't look at all like the real character 's face . I would suggest buying a different toy .
 This ball seemed pretty good at first . It has a classic design that resembles higher-priced balls . But compared to several other moderately priced soccer balls , like the Adidas F50 , Teamgeist II and even cheaper balls from Brine and Wilson , this is a poor ball . First , the cover is very sticky , which makes it difficult to dribble . It 's discouraging for younger players who are just learning footwork , because the ball sticks instead of sliding or rolling . Kids end up tripping on it more than they would a different ball . Second , the stitching came loose in one section after only a couple of months of light use . Maybe it was just this ball , but if it 's an indication of the overall quality of this model 's construction , buyers should n't expect to get more than a season out of it -- at best . I would n't buy this ball again . However , I have another model Diadora -LRB- Cobra -RRB- and it 's excellent .
 My child had fun playing with doll head 's hair , but overall size was much smaller than expected . For the price , every thing could have been proportionately larger .
 Thumper ca n't stand up , he is too floppy , and he has a very scary face . It is really hard to snuggle with him .
 The adhesive on these cling pieces was so weak they did not even stick to the wall for a scant twenty four hours . A complete dissapointment .
 Was not happy with this . Very brittle paper , hard to use . Ended up throwing it away.Would not suggest anyone purchase
 This was a Christmas present my two girls -LRB- 8 and 5 -RRB- received . It was basically a one time use toy . The paint clogged up the turning mechanism and stopped working ... while it was spinning . It was a complete waste of money and just added trash to the landfill .
 I loved spin art as a kid and bought this for my 6 year old for Christmas . He loved it ... for about 30 minutes which is how long it worked for . I even thought , maybe it really eats batteries , and put a new battery in after it stopped working . Nope , it was n't the battery . I read all the great reviews about this product before purchasing it and could not be more disappointed . And because I shop so early for Christmas and bought this in September , I ca n't even return it . DO NOT WASTE YOUR $ $ $ $ on this it is junk !
 Santa deliverd this gift and my Daughter was so excited ! She bugged me all day to set it up . I finally gave in , and it would n't spin . I thought my battery was bad , so I put in another . Still did not work . I took it apart , and was able to conclude the motor was bad . Bummer ... Cheap crap ...
 Originally I have given the seller a five star because the product came on time and it looks fine on the outside and since it was taped , I did n't want to open it as it was a christmas gift for my daughter . However , to my annoyance , when my daughter open the box and try to turn the spinner on , it did not spin at all . That is not even what I am mad at . Things happens . However , I was REALLY mad when I realize the paints and glitter that were included in there were open and used . This is not new as described at all . I gave it a three stars for fun because it looks like it is if it had worked properly .
 We were very sad that during the first time to use this toy , the power switch fell off . We were able to make 3 pictures and then into the trash it went . We are now looking for one from another brand if someone else makes one .
 The plastic `` shield '' is so flimsy I almost threw it away thinking it was part of the wrapping . After making two pictures the product no longer spun because of the paint build up . There is no way to take the item apart to clean . The white paper they send you to use with it . Does not work , it just folds up . A waste of money .
 Quite simply , the purchase of this item for my grandchildren was a total waste of money . It worked one time ... that was it !! Very , very infrequently will I write a negative review . Save your money . You have been warned .
 Ordered this toy for Christmas from an amazon seller -LRB- yoyo.com -RRB- and it came on time as expected . On Christmas morning we opened it , put a battery in it and nothing . It did n't spin . The seller sent a new one no questions asked and it again arrived quickly and the return was hassle free . The new one worked for about 20 minutes in total before it just stopped spinning . I was there supervising my kids and it was n't due to any mishandling . During that time my kids loved it but certainly not worth the money paid . I called the seller and they were great and refunded my money . I know that there can be an occasional defective product but two in a row ? Save your money !!
 I bought this toy for my daughter for her second birthday and she ca n't play with it on her own . The holes are so tight that the parts wo n't fit in and she gets really really frustrated . We have had it for about 4 months now and it is just beginning to get worn in so that she can play on her own . I would not buy another potato head product again !
 His pants do n't fall down.Kind of gives a whole new meaning to the phrase `` 12 inch action figure . `` Also he does n't say `` I feel your pain '' , `` Bridge to the 21st century '' or `` I did not have ... ''
 But does it say `` I did not have sex with that woman ... '' ?
 This is a VERY MINI Soccer ball I go tthis for my nine year old daughter thinking it was a little bit smaller than a soccer ball just to find out that this ball is just a little bit bigger than my hand !! So I do not recomend this for kids !
 This toy fell apart within a week of playing with it . First a leg and then the lower half of the body .
 There 's only 50 puzzles on the CD , so that is disappointing considering the price you pay . Although you can break it down into 5000 + pieces , I would have liked more variety . I had one CD a while ago that had 1000 puzzles on it , although I think you were limited to max 1000 pieces ... . but at least you had a big variety and lots of themes to choose from . I 'll sometime dig through my boxes to see if I can find those CDs and hope they will work with Windows 8 .
 This figure comes from the line of historical figures , such as ` Moses ' or ` Motzart ' , which have weak durability . This one especially ; the only articulation is in the arms , which , I might add , become unhinged after being moved a few times . The golden crook barely fits in the hand and the headdress easily falls off . I advise that no one spends the price listed for this lame figure .
 this is the worst booster seat I 've seen in my life . It broke twice and it 's hard to clean .
 My daughters received this for Christmas and have finished off the roll of paper . Now I can not find the refills ... they are 14 inches . It is a neat easel with lots of pockets for storage of crayons , markers and paints . Folds up really nice too . There is another downfall though , the board is 2 pieces , and they do not meet evenly when put together , so this creates an uneven drawing surface .
 The assembly was difficult because the metal was bent and warped . Once assembled , it did not sit level . The canvas pieces were n't large enough to be attached as directed , the velcro kept popping open due to the strain . The hard surface that the child will draw/paint on is actually 2 pieces that lock together , making every piece of artwork have a nice bump/groove/line where a marker might pass over it . Lastly , you have to break down almost all the assembly to get this thing folded up.A waste of money , time , and raw materials ! I returned mine . Even $ -LSB- ... -RSB- is too much to pay for this headache and it 's marketed for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- + . Skip this one !
 I got this easel at 75 % off . It is quite easy to put together and it looks as good as the picture , except ... the drawing board actually comes in two seperate pieces . This makes drawing / painting in the middle quite impossible .
 Aside from the 14 '' easle roll , -LRB- who does that ? -RRB- . the easle board is two peices that i had to wedge cardboard in between to get them to stay together so there is no bump in the middle of everything my son draws . The markers are weak in color its like some one wet down an old marker and is trying to get some use out of it . the easle falls over everytime you look at it . DONT try to let your kids use this outside . Lastly the tray is too small as is the side pockets to even hold a 24 pk of crayons . My question to the owner of rose art , would you buy this for your child ? I didnt think so and i should have bought the mellisa and doug easle
 A folding easel is a great idea , but this easel is NOT easy to fold and the likelihood it will ever fit back in the bag is very small . The worst part is the dry erase board is in 2 pieces and so my kids get frustrated when drawing because of a crack in the middle which is frustrating for dry erase creativity as well as drawing on the paper roll . It is also lacking a chalkboard which kids love . We received this as a gift and will be donating it to a local thrift store . Look for one that is easier to fold and does n't have a crack in the middle of the drawing surface .
 Our grandkids love this easel but paper is hard to find . My husband solved the problem by running the 18 '' paper through his bandsaw to make it fit the easel -LRB- which comes with 14 '' paper but can use up to 17 ''
 We received this as a gift for our son . After struggling with the worthless directions -LRB- all pictures that show no detail and are very poor quality -RRB- we immediately knew it was total junk . The dry erase board comes in 2 pieces , so there will be a line down every picture drawn . The backing is also extremely flimsy , as is the whole thing . My 2 1/2 year old son knocked it over within 5 minutes . I wish I had read the reviews before we took it out of the box . We had it boxed back up immediately and are taking it back today . Really , EVERY Rose Art product is just not good quality . Their markers , crayons , etc are no good . We also found out that you can not find replacement paper on this product .
 I bought this one more than a year ago . It is ok . But the manufacture is not following the standard - normally , the paper lenght will be 18 inch but they are 17 inch . If you buy this one , you will never be able to find paper supply . My son really loves drawing , I have tried to find paper rolls in multiple places - I could not find it anywhere even the manufacture 's web site . . totally stuck.Junk !
 I bought this drum for my daughter for Christmas . She goes to a music class & they have drums there that as very similar . This drum is well made & solid . My daughter loves it & plays with it every day . Much better quality than the toy drums that you get in the toy stores .
 We have purchased four different trains , and many accesories over the last several years . Every train in the geotrax line that we have purchased has stopped working . I have sent trains back at least four times . The last one was given to him at Christmas and it stopped working before the end of Jan. . My son loves this toy , and he has n't thrown them or beaten up on them or done anything to cause this . The trains usually stop working after being stored -LRB- without batteries -RRB- from 1 week to 2 months.My son is really frustrated , because every time he tries to play , something doesnt work . At this point only 1 train works , and the last train , which I sent in to be fixed because they didnt have any to replace - they never sent back . Its been 8 months .
 The engine and the remote did not work . Fisher Price customer service told me I had to use Alkaline batteries instead of rechargeables so I tried them and still nothing.I could hear a broken piece falling around inside the remote.In the meantime I bought another engine and remote at Toysrusso my 2 1/2 year old could play with his new train set and it also did not work . The engine light would come on but as you screwed the door in it would go out and the button did n't work . Fisher-price is replacing the original engine and remote . They did n't have the other engine I bought in stock so they gave me a voucher but it was n't equal to what I paid . This was one of my son 's `` special '' presents for Christmas . What a let down and what junk they are selling !
 I have purchased 4 GeoTrax sets , all of which contained either a remote train , plane , or car . To date , not a single one has lasted more than a week . The first one I aquired had a remote plane , it stopped working the same day it was set up -LRB- Christmas -RRB- . I purchased the next to sets together , they both contained remote trains . The first of the two trains did not work right out of the box . The second one however , lasted an exciting 5 minutes , never to run again . Finally , I recently purchased the Pixar Cars set which included a remote car . This one was the top performer , it lasted six days . Due to the location of my current residence , Baroil , Wy . It is not feasible to drive back to the nearest Toys-R-Us for an exchange -LRB- 460 miles round trip -RRB- . Customer Service for both Fisher Price and Toys-R-Us have been helpful . I have been reimbursed every penny spent on these products . I have even been sent an additional train , compliments of Fisher Price , for all the problems I have had with this product line . The complimentary train stopped working within an hour of being opened . These trains were never mishandled or abused , they are simply a junk product . I now have four sets for sale on E-Bay , minus all remote vehicles . I do n't understand why I hav n't seen more complaints about this online . Am I really just that unlucky ? I sincerely doubt it .
 5 weeks and 11 telephone calls have passed and yet my son still does not have an RCX box -LRB- yellow brick -RRB- that works , rendering the system useless . It took 5 telephone calls , numerous transfers to various personnel and hours of wasted time just for the technical support people to concur that the yellow brick was indeed defective . Although there have been many promises to return phone calls , check into the situation and/or send a replacement part , it has not happened -LRB- only 1 of the 6 promises to return a phone call occurred -RRB- . The customer support does not have the ability to directly send a replacement part , they apparently have to go through another company , which they have no control over . Buy this at your own risk , hoping that the parts all work .
 Dear readers , please do n't buy this drum , it is totally a scam for selling a baby drum with the size of a small cat 's head , which does n't even sound like a drum . My cat also does n't like this . I bought this last week for my 1 year old daughter , as part of her 1 year birth day presents . I 'm totally disappointed , not only because of the small size , but also how it sounds and the price I paid . I looked at the drum , it says `` made in U.S.A. '' and I was thinking to myself , this company is a shame to America , and this is the reason why China made products are good , because they are priced less and worth every penny we pay.My baby ca n't even hold this thing , it is that tiny . Also , the handle is made of cheap materials , cheap qualities . I thought of returning it but my daughter already chewed off the one end of the handler . What is scam ! shame !! Never buy this tiny piece of crap , spend your money on something bigger and good quality.RegardsRavi
 My 1-year old first thing was to bite a piece of the mallet , then never really showed that much interest in the toy . The drum seems ok , but does n't sound that good when placed on a carpet for example .
 I found this product after searching for ` baby drum ' on Amazon . Upon arrival the drum looked well made and our little 5.5 month old immediately like it . Like all teething babies , he wanted to put his mouth on it . The drum did not look like a toy so I called the company Remo to ask about product safety.The customer service representative was very nice but gave me bad news . She said that she would never let her children put this drum near their mouths . In the manufacturing process many chemicals are used . She said the drum is made from recycled paper or something like that . Bummer ! My question is why does the company advertise the product for 0-2yrs without a disclaimer that it 's not safe for mouthing?Again , nice looking product but not for infants .
 We ordered three of these jump ropes and they ALL broke after two days . They can not be fixed so we threw them away!THEY ARE JUNK !!!!!!!!!
 Amazon.com is calling this a `` catalog error . '' The product does not run as described . Save your money .
 This software could have been wonderful . My version came with about sixteen different decks to install , and the graphics were nice . However , this software is extremely buggy . EXTREMELY buggy . Whenever I 'd try to use any of the menu options , I 'd get an error message and the software would crash . A big waste of time , money , and effort . If you can get your hands on a copy of `` Expert Tarot , '' which is a third of the price , you 'll be a lot better off .
 ... the website is so much better , I thought they would be identical but they 're not even close . I was thoroughly disappointed with the generic translations and quality of the software , screen can not be minimized . But I was even more upset when I found out this software is included in the ultimate home Horoscope & Tarot software . After my tarot magic experience I 'm pretty anti-software as far as tarot readings go , but if you must have it , you may as well get it with a bunch of other stuff for free . I actually got my Horoscope & Tarot software at -LSB- a local store for a good price -RSB- , so I saved money and got more .
 This is NOT a good lego ! Do n't buy it ! It breaks all the time and the price is way to high for such a bad lego . It falls apart when you build it AND when you play with it . But the pieces are pretty cool ...
 This is a horrible lego . Do not get it unless you are willing to take hundreds of hours to put it together . The durability is very bad . If you are looking for legos to play with , do not get this one . It falls apart very easily . It is the worst lego I have ever put together and I have had legos all my life .
 We recieved one for our son 's 3rd birthday this June . He LOVED it , but we had to take it back because the sound did n't play . All it kept doing was making the switching of pictures noise . Our replacement did the same thing . We 've come to find out that a few of our other friends had the same problem . Until the problem gets fixed , I would n't recommend buying one ... it seems to be a BIG waste of time .
 I dont know what is going on with this new viewmaster . Could not get it work even one time . Took it back and bought the one without voice , and it also broke less than a week . Will try and classic model since I now have the reels , and nothing to put them in .
 I should have read the other reviews before purchasing this item . Everyone is right . The sound cartridges do not work . Just a clicking sound . HUGe waste of money and a very disappointed child .
 We purchased this last year for our son 's 4th birthday . It took my husband -LRB- an architect -RRB- nearly an hour to assemble . Within 10-minutes our kiddo had reduced it to a pile of rubble and was begging his dad to build it again . Today it sits in pieces and in a box in his closet . It 's a shame because we own -LRB- and love -RRB- nearly all the Imaginext dinosaurs . I suppose every line has a dud and this is definitely Fisher Price 's .
 The dinosaur mountain consistently came apart and was very fustrating for my son because everytime he would play with it it would come apart.After 2 weeks it went in the garbage.very disappointed
 I feel sorry for the next person who buys this for their three year old . This toy is awful . First of all , it takes forever to figure out how to put it together -LRB- the instructions are not easy to understand -RRB- and once you try to start to put on the finishing pieces the entire thing will fall apart . Meanwhile your three year old keeps asking `` are you done yet ? '' . I was so frustrated with this stupid toy . After I thought I had it put together my three year old would start playing and it would all fall apart again . I had to laugh in anger because I felt like I was getting punked . Eventually the toy `` got lost '' . Dont waste your money .
 Buying this toy is just like buying pain ... There are 50 or so moving parts and its tough to do the assembly and manage it after the assembly is done . Its just waste of money and not worth for its price .
 My son got this for Christmas and we put it together the day he got it . It NEVER stayed together . We kept putting it back together but it always ended up being in pieces . I sold it at a yard sale for $ 8 . Do n't buy it . Instead get the Imaginext jungle ! It 's in one piece and it folds up for storage . It has a handle on top so kids can take it with them to play any where . It even has lights and sounds !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I paid about -LSB- ... -RSB- for it 2 years ago and we 've never been able to get the thing together again without directions and even then was very difficult to put together . My kids want to play with it , but become frustrated trying to set it up . I would not recommend this product , though I would recommend all of the Imaginext dinosaur accessories , they are quite fun with the noises and motions .
 I purchased this as a gift from Walmart for 18.00 . I thought it would be great for my nephew -LRB- age 4 -RRB- . However , we opened it up and it was nightmare . Hundreds of tiny pieces that need to be assembled . The directions are pathetic - little pictures to distinguish the pieces and they all look pretty similar . And when it was all set up -LRB- FINALLY -RRB- , it falls apart instantly as the boys play with it . Then we have to look at the directions to find out how to put it back together . Could n't be more aggravating . I had purchased the Bat Cave first and it was so well put together in the box , I figured this would be the same . Beware . If you purchase this for your kids - make sure you put it back together first -LRB- leave yourself a good hour or 3 ! -RRB- and do n't lose the directions !!!
 My four-year-old son got this for a Christmas gift . After two of us spent over an hour putting it together I was hesitant to let him play with it for fear we 'd have to put it all back together again . . I was right ... This thing constantly falls apart and is VERY disappointing . If it is hard for grown up assemble it is a disaster for kids . I think I may have to take another reviewers idea and super glue it together ... I would caution anyone who wants to buy it ... It is not worth the $ 49 + you 'll spend for the frustration . Not to mention the time you have to put it together ...
 I finally chucked this toy and all it 's parts into the trash this past spring . We kept it for a year and a half and it was just a pain in the `` you know where '' to put together . I tried super glue , but that did n't last very long surprisingly . I definately would suggest you save your $ $ for another toy .
 The product description mentions adult assembly required , as do all of the other imaginext products we have purchased in the past . What it does n't say is the shock one feels when opening the box to be confronted with a multitude of nondescript pieces . The instructions are images of line drawings left to be deciphered by the user since none of the pieces are labeled or in any type of order . After attempting to decipher , assemble and then realizing that assembly would not stay together in this poorly designed toy I reboxed the pieces and called it a night.This item is not even close to being the quality of the dragon castle , batman , space shuttle and accessory pieces in the other imaginext line .
 I had wondered why I found this so cheap ... only 19.99 last Christmas . I can only imagine it was so inexpensive , because it is impoosible to put together !! We tried to assemble it a few times , but it never worked out -LRB- I 'm convinced we are missing a few pieces ! -RRB- The instuctions are basically just pictures and nothing is coded , so it 's hard to figure out . This year , I 'm getting my son the Imaginext Batman Batcave , which was a hugh hit with my nephew last year ... and comes fully assembled ! Unless you have tons of time on your hands and lots of patience , I do n't suggest buying the t-rex .
 Please do not under any circumstance buy this toy for someone else 's child because you will make them hate you and your child . A lot of people here mentioned that it fell apart , but putting it together is `` imaginenext '' to impossible . Curse this toy !
 I got this for my 2 1/2 year old for Christmas . It 's a cool looking toy and he enjoys it , but it is n't very sturdy . He plays like any other kid and it just falls apart on him . He gets frustrated with it very quickly but really likes it at the same time . It is a neat toy and I 'm glad I only paid $ 13 on black friday other wise I 'd be extremely disappointed . So ... my over all opinion is that is really is n't worth the hassle .
 I bought this toy for my child for X-mas thinking it looks awesome in the box ! That was until I opened it and there are a million pieces and one paper with a picture of how it should look after you put it together . Terrible ! It falls apart if you look at it hard enough . The `` buttons '' you push to make gates open up do not open , you have to mash them to get them to work or pry them open with your hands and then it pulls apart anyways . If you super glue it into place it 's fine but for the money I spent on it - not worth it . We have lots of other Imaginext toys that are great , So I do beleive it was just poor construction on this toy . Comes with alot of cool pieces to play with .
 My son loves t-rex mountain , but it comes apart all the time ! Very frustrating ! We 've not had this problem with other Imaginext products . I would definitely not recommend this toy .
 When we took this toy out of the packaging on Christmas morning I immediately regretted buying it . It seemed like more than 30 pieces fell out of the box . My husband took 1-2 hours assembling all these pieces so it would look like the cool dinosaur mountain on the box . Once assembled , playing with the mountain will cause it to fall apart again since it is held together with shallow pegs . I wanted to shove it all in the box and return it , but my husband claims that my son plays with it sometimes . I am the only one that seems to be sitting on the floor with it , as I constantly try to piece it back together . It is a cool concept since all boys love dinosaurs and mountains , but it is not very well thought out in the design . Who needs more toy pieces every where ?!
 My 3 yr old son was given this by his Aunt and Uncle as a Xmas present . They have been taken out of my will.This is by far THE WORST toy I have ever assembled !!! Where do I start?The instructions are HORRIBLE . No list of contents , and only vague installation diagrams -LRB- the shading of the parts are even incorrect -RRB- . The 8 screws needed were missing -LRB- # 4 x 3/8 '' -RRB- , which required a trip to the hardware store.Pieces do n't fit well togetherAt least the thing makes loud , irritating sounds -LRB- like burping -RRB- . I 'm too frustrated to keep going ... all I can say is ... PARENTS , STAY AWAY FROM THIS !!!
 This was a Christmas gift for my 4-year-old son . Unfortunately , his dad and I were attempting to assemble it in the middle of the night on Christmas Eve . Turns out the box contained NO instructions , so we could only go by the pictures on the outside of the box . Of course , the photos on the box did not actually depict every single piece contained in the box . After 1.5 hours of work , getting only half assembled , and of that only half that would actually stay together , we put it all back in the box . Yes , on Christmas Eve . In the middle of the night . When no stores were open to allow us to pick up a replacement gift . If two 30-something adults can not assemble this product , how is a 4-year-old going to ? I am very disappointed in the lack of quality offered by Fisher-Price 's Imaginext line .
 Do n't buy this toy unless it is for a 15 year old who can rebuild it himself everytime it breaks . It 's great to look at , but do n't make any sudden movements ! My son received this as a Christmas gift . I was crushed to discover it in a million pieces that needed to be assembled . I knew it would not survive my 3 year old . He begged me to put it together , so I finally did . Two hours later . It fell apart at the very end when I tried to put all the plants and accessories on . Fell apart again when I moved it to his bedroom . He now probably knows every curse word and then some . I know that I sound crazy , but I need to vent . How else can you get revenge on a toy , but give it a bad review ?
 This toy looks like it could be alot of fun ... if it would stay together . I like the super glue idea . I play with the kids and even it breaks apart from a 30 year old mom playing with and I think my motor control is just fine . I ca n't even pick it up to put it back on the shelf without the bottom `` pond '' falling apart . Just do n't waste your money on this .
 My 3 year old son got this for Christmas . The instructions are not clear and hard to understand . You ca n't tell from the pictures which piece goes where . It took me 2 hours to get it all together then as soon as he touched it it completely fell apart . He was crushed and I was frustrated . This toy is more of a look but do n't touch toy . The `` accessories '' are too big for the set as well . The cave man does n't even fit in the dinosaur skull . Plus , the screws that you use to attach the skull were not the right size and would not go in all the way . The skull also makes it top heavy so that does n't help it stay together very well . I would not recommend buying this for any child .
 Once you put it together it constantly falls apart and ends up one big mess all over the floor etc. . I wish it was something that you could put together once and it stays together.I did notice that Imaginext 's new Castle looks like it is constructed a little better and a little more permanent .
 My daughter is a dinosaur fanatic and was so excited to get t-rex mountain on her birthday . It took me over an hour to put it together and with the cool sound effect I thought it would be so much fun . I am not kidding when I say that it literally falls apart whenever you touch it . I could not find any way to keep it together . Very disappointing to spend that money on something that is sitting in pieces all over the floor . I hate to write anything negative about a toy , but , I really felt that I should warn any parent who is about to spend their hard earned money on this item . I would put the money towards some of the cool dinosaurs they have out and even some animated ones . DO NOT waste your money !
 Fell apart Christmas day . My husband struggled with it several times but it always falls apart after a few minutes of play . My son was so disappointed . He lit up when he saw it under the x-mas tree . A day later it was a pile of junk .
 We bought this for our 3 year old for Christmas 2005 . While we were putting together the MANY pieces it kept falling apart . We have even tried super glueing the structure together and nothing works . Do NOT buy this toy .
 This took over an hour to put together and the toy falls apart constantly . This was a huge disappointment for my 4 year old son !!! I 'm going to try to super glue it together . NO FUN !!!!!!!
 My 3 year old son got this last Christmas . He REALLY loved it and played with it all the time . But , it came apart very easily and every time he played with it . Because it came apart so often , a few pieces were lost . I ended up getting rid of it and he was very , very upset . It got extremely annoying having to put it back together everyday . If it was made a little sturdier it would have been a wonderful toy and would have gotten 5 stars .
 My 4 yo received the dinos for Christmas and loves those . However , dino mountain falls apart all the time . It has finally been put up in our garage because it falls apart so much and makes such a mess . I really wanted to like this play set and so did my son , but it is such a headache and very disappointing that it falls apart so easily !
 I purchased this item for my 4 , almost 5 year old , for Christmas and have seen him play with it , maybe twice since then . My 2 year old loves to tear it down which in turn means that I have to reassemble it since there is no way a 4 or even 5 year could do so . I have to makesure I am constantly reading the directions in order to get it back together . There are multiple `` set ups '' , but the instruction book only provides detailed instructions for the set-up pictured on the box and on amazon . I would recommend this toy for older children , maybe between the ages of 10 and 12 due to the level of assembly . The added accessories do not really stay on ... and typically pop off once you think you have them assembled . As an earlier review stated ... it is very cool to look at , but unless you are going to put it in a safe place after assembly ... not so user friendly ... for the `` user '' that is intended , -LRB- i.e. small children -RRB- .
 This toy falls apart ALL the time , my son loves it , but my husband hates putting it together several times a week , I recommend super glueing it together if your child must have it otherwise it is just one big headache .
 Got this for our 3 and 5 year olds who love all their Imaginext stuff . We usually LOVE Imaginext stuff . This thing is just a big pain in the butt to put together . The directions are terrible and once it is together it falls aparts constantly . Maybe this would be okay for an older child who would enjoy changing around the configuration , but for little kids ... they just want it to stay together . I plan on super-gluing it .
 I chose the title I did because I did n't think that piece of monkey excrement would clear filters . I have seen many imaginext sets and have liked all of them until we opened the box on this one . Its in 10,000 pieces , literally . The screws are too small and strip out . There are entirely too many pieces that can fall apart . The set is supposed to be `` interchangeable '' but there are too many components that work in tandem for this to really be the case . I am really disappointed in this set . My advice , is to either buy some super glue or just give your kid a cardboard box and some crayons . Not only would it be more fun than this contraption , it would cause less frustration on mom and dad ...
 Unfortunately this toy looks good but it is n't durable at all ! My son really wants to play with it but it CONSTANTLY falls apart . I would n't recommend this toy at all .
 I found these reviews searching for instructions on how to put this toy back together . I did n't find instructions so I ended up putting the toy in a plastic bag in the bottom of the closet . My son is 3 and the toy stayed together for about a week - I lost the instructions so now the toy is considered a total loss . What a piece of junk ! This is my first experience w / Imaginext toys and I will NEVER purchase one again .
 My four year old was sold on this at the minute he saw it . It was the top of his santa list . He played with it daily ; but the plants would fall off and it was very hard for him to put together afterr it fell apart . It is now in a million pieces and he has not touched it since . He still likes it ; but the problem withthis is that once you take it apart , it is not easy for the four year or five year old to put together . Fair but not great .
 I read the reviews before purchasing the dino mountain , but my son saw the commercials on tv , and he really wanted it . I did n't want to disappoint him , so I bought it anyway , and it has been a headache for my husband and me . My son loves it , but he gets upset when it falls apart , which is every time we have to move it , or if he just tries to turn it around . My husband glued it , but that lasted only a short time . I understand what other people said that it 's supposed to come apart so kids can use their imagination to change it around , but it should n't come apart when they do n't want it to . It could have been made much better . My son also has the castle , and that stays together perfectly , and even folds , all pieces fit inside , and it has a handle to carry it . Why could n't they do the same thing with the dino mountain ? There are too many little pieces , and it 's hard to figure out where they go . It 's just an overall frustrating toy . The dinosaurs are fabulous . Some move and make sounds , and my son absolutely loves them . Too bad they did n't put the same creativity into the mountain . Also , they should 've known that 4 is way too young to reconstruct this thing , when parents are having trouble doing it .
 The title pretty much says it . My son likes it and finally tonight I 'm going to hot glue gun it together . I had to get online to figure out how to put it back together . Oh well , he likes it . I did tell him that if it falls apart again after I glue it then I will probably throw it away .
 This `` toy '' must have 500 seperate parts , all of which have to be put together in a very specific sequence -LRB- the set up guide is inaccurate , just to make it a little more difficult -RRB- . And when you do finally get it all put together , the first time you so much as touch it , it falls apart into all it 's component elements . Very cool-looking , but you need to keep it behind glass . Frustrating for the parent to assemble , frustrating for the kid to play with .
 My son just got this for Christmas and it is sitting in pieces all over the floor . It takes forever to put together . Once you have it together the moment your child touches it it falls apart . You ca n't breathe on this thing without it falling apart . I get the idea that it comes apart and can be rearranged to make different mountains but my kid has no interest in doing that . He just wanted a dinosaur playset that he could actually play with . Tomorrow I will invest in krazyglue and make sure it never falls apart again . I would NOT recommend this toy to anyone .
 While this toy looks like alot of fun it is a nightmare to put together , the directions are not good . It continualy falls apart . We spend more time trying to put it together then actually playing with it . We have many imaginext toys , which my boys love , but this was by far the worst . Very disappointed !!!!! This is a poorly constructed toy and will only frustrate you and your child , buyer beware !!!!
 The directions were very unclear for this toy . It kept falling apart while I was putting it together . It is a cheap piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- ! I would n't reccomend it to any parent .
 Clearly from the picture above this is NOT the original 1995 Bandai toys when they first came out ! 1 . Notice that the gloves are a velvet material . There was no such thing .2 . The ` Sailor Venus ' tape with the red lettering was never on the original box . Also the `` tape '' is centered right below the skirt where the legs connect .4 . Why is sailor venus wearing RED boots ? 5 . The box says `` Deluxe Adventure Doll '' these are the 11 '' dolls.I own the original Sailor venus and clearly it looks absolutely nothing like this version shown above . This is not the original 6 inch dolls .
 Although it will suit it 's purpose I had to hot glue the top back onto the bank upon arrival . It 's flimsy and poorly made .
 The first reviewer was correct , this toy is dangerous . First of all , it makes a hideous , loud cracking noise every time you push the buttons to `` pop-up '' the teddies . My baby was frightened by the LOUD abrupt snapping/cracking noises . Secondly , fingers and skin will get pinched by the red hats . I would not recommend this to any child , at any age .
 Although it will suit it 's purpose I had to hot glue the top back onto the bank upon arrival . It 's flimsy and poorly made .
 For Christmas , I decided to buy puppets for office coworkers . I spent several hours researching Amazon 's puppet selection , so hopefully this saves you some time . Initially I ordered about a dozen different style puppets , mostly by Manhattan Toys , whose colorful , more cartoonish designs reminded me of the Muppets . Manhattan Toys brand are also about $ 5-10 cheaper on average than the Folkmanis brand.I sent ALL the Manhattan Toys brand puppets back -- the first time I 've ever sent anything back that I ordered thru Amazon . The main reason was poor ergonomics . All the Manhattan Toys brand puppets were ergonmically flawed in some way -- too tight , too rigid in the mouth , and just plain uncomfortable to use.This particular puppet , Boylie , was probably the hardest one to send back . It 's mouth moved a bit better than most other Manhattan puppets , and the eyes and hair are crazy awesome to look at . But the mouth was still difficult to close all the way , and the neck is so thickly padded that it 's tight around the arm and really hard to feed your hand into . Like I said , it looked great and the stitching and materials seemed good quality , but if you want to actually manipulate the puppet convincingly and comfortably , do not buy Manhattan Toys brand.I bit the bullet , spent the extra few bucks on the more realistically-designed Folkmanis brand , and all my coworkers were absolutely delighted . Everyone still has them displayed somewhere , and every few days someone will stick their puppet over their neighbor 's cubicle and say something stupid with it for a moment of levity , which is exactly what I 'd hoped for.The best design of the Folkmanis brand that I purchased are : Unicorn Stage PuppetHippo Stage PuppetThe Unicorn and Hippo are by far the most comfortable to hold and manipulate , and they look great.The wolf , pig -LRB- better than its picture -RRB- , dog and cat are also very cute and comfortable . Their little mouths are n't as easy to manipulate , but you can simultaneously move their arms , which is super cute : Big Bad Wolf Stage PuppetPig Stage PuppetSheepdog Stage PuppetCat Stage PuppetThe only Folkmanis puppet I sent back was the Shark : Shark Stage PuppetIt 's just too big , rigid like cardboard and the mouth is hard to manipulate .
 This toy is so not fun that my baby boy didnt like it . He said that it was the worst toy ever . It is no fun because it just sits there and does nothing . It doesnt even talk or move . It is just bean baggy but nothin else . This toy is not durable at all . When my dog tried to play with it , it tore right then when he just touched it . I want a toy that can play with my son ... therefore this toy is a no good bad thing for kids because they will make them bored .
 This game does its best to capture the spirit of The Amazing Race , including variations on Detours and Roadblocks , and incorporating Yields and Fast Forwards , but overall it falls flat.The vast majority of gameplay consists of answering questions on cards and then moving forward a number of spaces for answering correctly . This is fine when questions are geography - or culture-related , and for die-hard Race fans , even the trivia questions pertaining to racers from the show are acceptable . However , in the case of Detours , players blindly pick one of two options , and one option allows players to move forward further than the others.The game is entertaining for people who follow the show faithfully , but for players more interested in the board game itself , the blind luck involved in Detours and the inclusion of show-specific trivia questions is a turn-off .
 While the product I received was exactly a dinner plate , cup , and bowl-all products appeared dusty , packaging was torn and broken , and there was scotch tape all over the bowl and cup . This product was something I could have paid $ 1 for in the 99 cent store , but apparently I paid an additional $ 15 simply for the `` Disney '' name . NEVER AGAIN will I buy anything from an `` Amazon Seller '' .
 My son , who takes good care of his toys , was playing with this toy and after only 2 days the legs on the bottom broke off . He loves Code Lyoko , but the toys are of very poor quality .
 We got these toys in January . The dinosaurs do n't interest my kids because they want real looking ones . The temples are fun - but my kids ca n't figure out how to set up the temples correctly to knock them down . My children are 2 and 4 .
 This toy had fantastic potential . Combining dinosaurs and construction/demolition , it sounds like a little boy 's dream . Unfortunately , little details of the toy 's construction really put a damper on the fun.First , as other reviewers have noted , the pieces have to be precisely aligned in order to stay together properly . This means that an adult or older sibling must be involved in playing with this toy . While it 's fun for a 3 year old to knock it down again and again every 2 minutes , it 's * not * fun for the adult who is required to sit there and rebuild the `` temple '' again and again . Independent play is impossible because of this one issue of aligning the little grooves , even for a 3 year old with exceptionally good fine motor skills.Another issue is that the caveman who sits on the dinosaur 's back does not snap into place . So if your child wants the caveman to ride on the dinosaur 's back as he does in the pictures on the box , you 're pretty much out of luck.All in all , this is a toy that looks like it should be lots of fun , but all in all is just a lot of frustration for kids who would like to do it themselves .
 I bought this for my 2 1/2 yr old son and I regret spending the $ 20 on it . There are grooves on the columns that makes it too difficult for a young child to build it themselves . Then the only thing they do with it is press a button and watch it fall down . Do n't waste your money . The only positve thing is that it is very durable .
 Our son received this as a present from relatives . The instructions were easy to follow and was put together in short order . For a couple of weeks he had a load of fun with this toy but then the front wheel came off and would not stay on . I contacted Little Tikes directly for a replacement and was told to send them the receipt . I advised them that it was a gift but they would not budge -LRB- even though it was two weeks after Christmas -RRB- . I advised them that it was a one year warranty and the manufacturers stamp and code on the toy was for April of 2009 and that at worse case they should replace it because it was n't over a year since it came out of the factory . They would n't budge . Little Tikes cusotmer service is beyond slow in response time . Our first email to them was on the 1/13 and we did n't even get a first response until 1/21 . Eight days to answer an email is unacceptable in my opinion even if there is a weekend in the middle . Thankfully , our relative saves all their receipts and we have submitted it . Hopefully , this will work but seems like very poor customer service over a tiny piece of plastic and the fact that we will avoid Little Tikes now at all costs .
 Our boys liked the toy . Unfortunately , the underside of the control handle started fracturing a few days into playtime , and the rod connecting it to the truck cab snapped clean in two after a few more days of play.Next time we 'll get Fisher-Price .
 I was looking to buy a checkers game as a gift , and decided to spend the extra money to get a nicer-looking , self-contained set-up that the pre-teen could long enjoy . I received the item in a timely manner , but was very disappointed with it . The base is attractive and seemed well-made . What upset me , were the playing pieces ! The magnetized chess figures are really the only pieces that were useable.First off - the description was worded to sound like it was a 12 '' board . Really ... 12 '' is the diameter of the round base . The checkerboard is considerably smaller , and would make for rather awkward play . When I got out the `` checkers '' , I was amazed to see that they literally are the size of a penny , and are made of smooth wood . When stacked , one disk easily slid off another . What fun would it be to play checkers ... when players could never zip their `` Kings '' around , without them falling apart and messing up the game ?! When I decided to check-out the chinese checker game on the flip side , I had to literally force open the one drawer in which the pieces were stored . I was n't sure I could get it open ! When I tried to place the pegs into the holes on the playing board , I found that well over 1/3 of the pegs were cut TOO LARGE to fit into the holes ! No way , can anyone play that game!I guess that was the `` last straw '' for my decision to return the item - even though I 've never returned anything I 'd ever ordered over the Internet . I will say ... I was pleased to find that after some back-tracking , I was able to get to a point where Amazon gave me direction for how to print up the sheets that went inside and on top of the box . I dropped off the prepared box at a nearby UPS drop-off site , and was pleased that I did n't get stuck paying the return postage . I later was notified that I would receive a refund to my credit card.After looking , for awhile , at the checker games at the ToysRUs store - I settled on one called `` King Me '' . It has a nice-size , sturdy playing board -LRB- that folded up into the box -RRB- , and full-size , plastic , ridged , playing pieces that can be easily stacked . The cool thing about these checkers is that with one twist of the wrist ... little prongs pop up all around the perimeter , to create a crown effect on the top checker . The gal loved this set !
 My 9-yr-old got this for her birthday a few months ago & we just did some of the activities yesterday . Yes , they 're fun , but as others have said , no one 's going to learn a lot of science from it . That 's fine with me -- I was just looking for an enjoyable activity.They do include many , but not all , of the ingredients you need . I can see why they do n't supply yogurt , for instance . But my bigger issue is the amounts -- there 's not enough of some ingredients to do more than one or two projects . It 's nice to get rose petals or essential oils -- things you 're less likely to have on hand -- but if they 're also going to supply baking soda , for instance , why not supply enough to do more than one activity ? The first recipe we looked at called for more baking soda than the kit supplied.Or that could have been a typo . Another recipe had different amounts of essential oil in the ingredients list & directions , so it was n't the only one . And the suggestion to add other -LRB- optional -RRB- herbs , with no guidance on what might be suitable , was n't very helpful.I 'd be a lot more disappointed if I 'd paid for this kit with my own money . We did have fun , but I think we could have done better with just a book or Internet guide with -LRB- well-written -RRB- directions . We 'd have had to do more planning & shopping -LRB- as opposed to just grabbing this off our shelf -RRB- , but I think we would have come out ahead .
 My daughter got this for Christmas ... What a joke ! The box looks so fun but the materials are lack thereof . The kits contains some ingredients but most of the stuff you must get yourself . Basically a cool box with an instruction guide . We opened it thinking we were going to make soap or bath foam . . no not without tons of other ingredients ... my daughter was disappointed !!! We purchased other kits , basically the same ... do n't waste your money when you can go online and get the same recipes .
 My daughter has definitely had fun using this product , but it 's not particularly educational , and it does n't really deliver what it promises . We made the bath bombs , which was fun for her and probably the most scientific thing in the kit . We also made the bar of oatmeal soap . First of all , they provided a miniscule piece of melt & pour soap and the instructions said add 1/2 cup of ground oatmeal . If we had followed the directions it would not have held together -LRB- we added probably 1/4 cup -RRB- . -LRB- For the record , I have made soap many times , and although I do n't use melt & pour I know the prices on these things ... they could have provided a much bigger piece in the kit for very little money . I hate when toy companies go cheap ! -RRB- When the soap -LRB- looked more like a breakfast bar -RRB- was finished my daughter 's first comment was , `` why does n't it look like the bar of soap on the box , Mommy ? '' Ummmm ... because THAT bar was NOT made with THIS kit ! I absolutely HATE when companies do that to children ! But the worst part of the soap `` experiment '' was that it smelled just like dirty undies . How do I know what dirty undies smell like , you ask ? Well , I have 3 kids , and I have made the mistake of going , `` gee ... are these clean ? '' Yep ... dirty undies . Needless to say , we were disappointed -- I more so than my daughter .
 Unless this is majorly on sale , this is not worth the money . For a scrub , they give you oatmeal but you need yogurt and lemon juice . For the face mask , you need to combine yogurt and honey . I would have rather gotten a kit with more functional ingredients at a craft store or bought a book with recipes instead .
 I read the other reviews and bought it anyhow . There really is no science to this at all . There 's also no real fizz to the fizz balls you make for the bath . Directions are poor -- to the bath salts you can add any herbs of your choice , but they give no guidance on which herbs might blend well with the lavender or peppermint oils . Then , there 's getting the herbs out of the tub and out of your hair ... There are not enough ingredients even to make one of each item discussed in the directions . Rather disappointing , actually .
 As a a chemist , a woman , and an educator of young women interested in science , I overall find this product to be awful . The other reviews clearly lay out the problems with the kit itself -- poor instructions , lousy and cheap materials , safety issues , etc.But the bigger problem is the overall philosophy behind it and the whole related line of products this company is making . While I think it 's great for companies to come up with ways to make science seem appealing and -LSB- I guess -RSB- `` doable '' to women and girls , which competes with the message that it is not for them that they likely sensed elsewhere , this is not the right way to do it . All of the products for `` science for girls '' on the market are basically like this one , and it strongly communicates that the only way girls will/should find science appealing is if it is used to make pretty girly things -- and I say this as someone who has always personally loved girly things ! As other reviewers have pointed out , there is not anything actually scientific about this kit , so it wo n't teach what science is really about . And it 's both unappealing to the girls who are not terribly into stereotypical interests and subconsciously reinforcing the idea that this is what * should * interest them . Rather than encouraging kids to branch out and try and explore and learn about new , exciting things , it 's effectively limiting them.Perhaps makers of scientific kits should consider going back to picturing kids of mixed genders playing with the kits together , and focus on teaching them how to , say , conduct experiments -- whether those experiments are about developing cool-smelling stuff -LRB- do n't boys use soap ? -RRB- or making electromagnets .
 Outside of the sodium bicarbonate and citric acid bath fizzes , this can hardly be called science . A total waste of money , and a Christmas disappointment to my science-loving daughter . This is really just an expensive make your own spa-in-a-box .
 Just a flat out terrible experience . The product is not at all as pictured , and not at all as described in the product description . The contents are not as `` colorful '' , `` fun '' or `` safe '' as indicated . I returned it .
 I purchased T-pin , which we use to tack up notices and pictures on cubicle walls - Your are the only company that handles the size -LRB- 1 '' -RRB- that I needed . All office supply stores have dropped this product and only carry larger T pins , which rip holes in the fabric covering the cubicle walls
 I bought this for my five year old knowing that it would require adult supervision so was not surprised that it did require a lot of help from an adult . The doll itself is very cute and some of the features work very well . The provided instructions are very clear and everything works very well up until the stage where it is necessary to put on the tail . Putting on the hair is fun and easy . Adding the flower and jewelry also works well . The tail is a disaster . After cutting out the strips of scales -LRB- definitely adult must do -RRB- , the provided way of attaching the layered , colored strips is with inadequate two-sided sticky tape which neither sticks to the materials of the doll 's legs nor to the colored strips . If you continued in this way , the child would be unable to play with the doll as the strips would fall off with one twirl in the air . In order to salvage the doll , I sewed the strips individually to the legs -LRB- after confirming with my child that the tail would no longer come off to see the legs ! -RRB- from the tip of the tail up to the waist . She looks beautiful but this is not what the craft project was and would have been impossible for a child to do unless a relatively skilled sewer . Great idea but terrible system for the tail . I would not recommend this to others unless they are prepared to be creative themselves .
 My daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- received this for Christmas . Normally , she is very good with art kits and I know when I need to step in and offer some adult supervision . This thing is a piece of garbage . The first couple steps are great and easy fun . Then you get to cutting the fabric for the tail . Even the adult -LRB- me -RRB- could n't do it properly . The fabric rips and tears as you try and cut it in a neat scallop edge . I 'm frustrated , my daughter is frustrated and we have n't even gotten to the point where the poster above got frustrated . I 've never gone on Amazon to give a review but this thing is such a piece of trash I ca n't have another parent go through it.l
 I would have liked to know what is included in this product before I purchased it - it was disappointing that the whole thing was just a set of instructions that I could have looked up on Google for free . The whole ` ice cream science kit ' consisted of a couple of miniature plastic bottles of low grade syrup , some plastic Ziploc bags and a plastic measuring scoop . There is no kit really ... just a set of instructions .
 I got this for my daughter 's 7th ice cream themed birthday party . Opened it a couple days before to see if I needed to buy anything extra and there were no instructions . It included packets of cocoa powder , sprinkles , syrups , a flimsy measuring cup and plastic ziplock bags . You can go online to teacher sites and find instructions for making ice cream in ziploc bags with your own ingredients/supplies . Without the instructions intended for these particular packets , its useless to me . The Scientific Explorer website has been down for weeks so I ca n't even contact them for instructions . : -LRB-
 This CD Player looks promising but does n't work at all . The CDs must be loaded with the unit on its side , then played with the unit standing up ... WHEN it works at all . The door usually does n't stay closed . The only fun part of this unit is the `` sing-along '' microphone ... but you really ca n't sing along if there is no music ! If you are only looking for a toy microphone , your child will probably like this . Especially if they are too young to realize a CD should work in the CD player .
 I bought this cd player as a gift for my sons birthday and it played fine for about an hour . However he accidentally knocked it off the bed and it broke instantly ! My son was devastated . This was the first time he had his own cd player and the thought of singing along was wonderful . So please dont disappoint your children as I did . Do not purchase this item .
 The Sing-A-Long CD player looks like a good bargain , but it does not play CD 's . When it arrived in the mail , we found that it would not play CD 's regardless of how we loaded the CD or positioned the player ... which of course makes the Sing-A-Long player useless except for the microphone . We shipped it back the next day . Why do they continue to sell a product that does n't work ?? DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I MADE . Avoid it like the plague , folks , and look for another product .
 Bought this for my nephew for christmas . It does not work . Just makes a clicking sound . WILL NOT PLAY THE CD . This is the 3rd review and none of them work right . DO NOT order this item .
 I bought this CD player for my kids for Christmas . On the 20th I decided to put batteries in it before I wrapped it up . Luckily I decided to test it out . It turns on , but will not spin the CD at all . I tried more than one CD , the unit does not work . I am very disappointed !!!
 Mental Floss is an extremly simple trivia game . Roll a die , move your pawn , answer a question . Questions come in 4 flavors . You have Left and Right Brain questions , which as far as I can tell are not different in any way . Third is ` Spot the Liar ' which is a 50/50 shot at a right answer . These questions are written so badly the true answer is always extremely obvious . `` How did this Historic person die ? A -RRB- Poisoned by a lover or B -RRB- Bats trained by a wicked witch drained him of all his blood '' Hum I wonder which of those could be made up . Lastly you have `` Enlightening Round '' cards . With these you must answer 3 questions just to get one point . Then you can risk that point to try to earn an extra turn . So this gives you a chance to work 3 times as hard , and get no extra bonus . FUN ! You also start the game with 2 `` Mental Block '' cards that let you retry a question , or make someone lose a turn . Pro Tip kids , save these for the 50/50 Spot the Liar questions . Rulebook does n't say you ca n't ! The components for the game are fairly low rent . The cards feel very thin and slick . The tokens are cardboard and only one sided . Board is fine , even if a little uninteresting.If you want a fun trivia game that people will actually enjoy stick with Wits and Wagers.The only good thing about Mental Floss is that it comes with an issue of the fairly enjoyable magazine .
 I love the Mental Floss magazine and blogs . I am a huge , huge fan . I was super excited to get this game . So , believe me when I say that this game is just not that good . It 's not challenging , and two adults can complete it in under 15 minutes . I know this because every time I 've played it , it 's taken only that long -- and I certainly do n't mean that my friends and I were just so smart that we got through it quickly , I mean that it 's just a very , very quick game . A game this quick is just not that fun to play . Some of the questions are moderate to difficult , but the vast majority have really obvious , simple answers that do n't challenge the players . Easy , dull questions combined with a laughably short playing time mean that this game will not be taken off my shelf very often , if ever again . I considered giving it two stars , but I 'm just so disappointed that Mental Floss would market this game that I had to knock it down a star .
 My husband and I only played this game a couple of times . The questions and point system are too easy and we zipped through the game too quickly compared to other trivia games -LRB- e.g. , Trivial Pursuit , Wit 's End -RRB- . A bit disappointing given everyone 's review .
 The game 's questions were a bit harder than the ` normal ' adult may answer . It has rules and different types of questions that are n't fun , only distracting from the forward movement of the game . I would not recommend this game and unfortunately got rid of it already .
 We were enjoying the game . Although the game play is extremely short -LRB- we were finishing games in 15 minutes -RRB- , it had a good level of difficulty comparable with Trivial Pursuit.We were , however , surprised when we found two different questions that had the WRONG answers !!! The first said that the daughter in the Addam 's Family TV show was Tuesday -LRB- when we all know it is Wednesday - confirmed by several sources on the internet -RRB- and the second said that the winter games in 1980 was in Moscow -LRB- the summer games in 1980 were in Moscow , the winter games were in Lake Placid - again confirmed by several sources online -RRB- . It kind of throws into question the validity of the whole game.Don ' t you think someone would have fact checked ?
 This is like a nice Fischer Price toy for babies but is usually targeted and marketed towards Autistic children . Although all Autistic children differ and are unique , I have three of them and they basically could n't care less for this toy . I found it over advertised , overpriced , and quite boring myself . Turn it one way and the cheap little plastic beads fall to the bottom , tilt it the other way , same thing . I suppose if you are 1-2 years old you may enjoy this but it may be too big for that age group as they more than likely would clunk themselves in the head with it so I do n't really know what it 's purpose would be . Perhaps some child out there somewhere may find it entertaining but advertised as an audio type toy for Autistic children is just making money off from parents with disabled children . Shame on you companies that are doing this ! This should simply be advertised as a toddler toy , period ! And $ 7.99 - $ 9.99 , not $ 20 !
 I was going to get a water powered rocket for my son who 's really into rockets right now , but not really old enough for the `` real thing . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- I bought the item , expecting it to be great.Boy was I misled.I would have scored the item a `` 1 '' but it gets a `` 2 '' for being clever.The concept is great . It 's a simple , air powered `` rocket '' and so easy to set up and use , anyone can have fun with it . And it is fun . For about 10 minutes.But the device is so poorly made ! After only a few stomps on the air bladder , the launcher fell apart . I have to keep putting it back together . I 'm going to need duct tape very shortly with this plastic junk.And it also was designed to prevent any off angle firing , more than a few degrees in each direction -LRB- otherwise a hole is exposed in the launch tube allowing the air pressure to bleed off -RRB- . So after shooting a rocket straight up into the air a few times , the natural tendency is to try to send the rocket somewhere , perhaps aiming at a target like a canon . But you ca n't unless you tip up the entire plastic housing . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We bought the Dueling Blast Pad , which is similar but made for 2 kids to play with at once.From the first time it was played with it never worked properly . The plastic launch elbows would n't always stay extended and one of them would NEVER stay upright so that a hole was exposed , allowing the air to escape , which meant that the rocket was never launched . It was a really expensive toy for one kid , when we already have the $ 7 basic stomp rocket from Toys are Us and it has been old faithful . It was a great idea , since kids always want to see whose rocket goes higher , but it never workedIt has hung around in our house for a year , simply because we could n't admit that we wasted so much money on it , but today it is finally going in the garbage.That said , we love his dart board .
 only one rocket works . One rocket has a stamped hole in the foam top so goes no where . the other defected rocket goes up 15 feet and do n't know why . And number three is awesome it shoots up about 125 feet .
 I purchased this item for my mother because her old one broke . She loves to play this game and plays all the time . However when her old one broke she asked me to find a replacement in which I did . This came up with the most positive reviews but in particularly that it was easy on the eyes . Since my mother is getting older , she requested that I find one that was easy to see , play and operate . What we actually received was a smaller screen than expected , but the numbers in the boxes had numbers in the line itself . Thus creating a very cluttered look and somewhat unreadable screen for someone with older eyes -LRB- even I have trouble making out the numbers -RRB- . This item does do its job and comes with a couple of bells and whistles , I would not recommend it for people with old eyes or have trouble seeing small numbers . Now I am back on the hunt for another handheld !
 To see what 's inside the cells , you have to be in * very * bright light and hold the game so that there 's also no glare . The numbers are very hard to differentiate . After only using it for attempting to play games , the letters are already fading off the function keys -LRB- not the number or arrow keys -RRB- . Save your money and do n't buy this product .
 I can live with the bishops and the pawns looking very similar . It would be nice if the board was a little bigger . But the biggest problem with the set is the fact that the paint on the black squares comes off too easily . For a $ 20ish dollar set , the board should be of a higher quality .
 good basic design , but ... . Nice to put the lid back on it aside . The pieces never shake loose or move . Great idea for playing a coworker one move a day . However the Bishops look way to similar to the pawns . So at a glance there can be huge mistakes in the game that ruin it for both . You look forward to a good game . Your friend stops by and plays there move , and leaves the queen threatened by the bishop , all because of a visual miscue . Eneded up having to paint the tips of the Bishups with white-out .
 The pawns look like bishops , the magnets come off the pieces , and all the magnets all on the black squares stuck to the paint , ripping it off . Total junk .
 I do n't often review a product , but I was so totally disappointed in this 4.5 star product that I felt a need to voice my thoughts . First of all the chess set only came with 7 black pawns . Thus the game was not even playable . Second the peices are plastic crap . It is hard to tell peices apart . Third the lid does not fit tightly on the gamebox -LRB- it would fall off if turned upside down -RRB- What is the point of the lid if it would not stay on when placed in a backpack , etc. . If this product was priced at $ 9.99 I would not complain much . I returned this junk for a refund .
 Okay , the paragraph below is my original 3 star review . After using the set a few more months , I 'm downgrading it to 1 star . The dark squares on this board are just too bad . I left some pieces sit on dark squares for a couple weeks . When I went to use it again and tried to move the pieces , the magnets were so stuck to the black squares that they pulled up the paint . This board is flat out defective.First , for me , the size and overall usefulness of this set are fine . Being able to put the lid on and leave the pieces firmly in their positions is nice . So in regards to overall usefulness/functionality , I have n't found anything out there that 's better and would give it 5 stars on that alone . Unfortunately , in terms of overall quality for the price -LRB- I paid about $ 20 here on Amazon -RRB- , I 'd give it 1 star . After using it for about a week , the board looked like it was 10 years old . The dark squares were dotted with scratches down to the metal -LRB- I did n't notice how bad it was at first because the room I had been using it in did not have a lamp directly over the chair I was sitting in -RRB- . I looked at the bottom of the pieces and realized what the problem was . A piece of plastic protrudes out the bottom of each piece where the magnets pop on . Basically , each of those pieces had a sharp point that stuck slightly past the magnet -LRB- whic is why the pieces did not sit perfectly straight -RRB- . Those sharp points were scratching the paint every time they moved -LRB- even if you pick the pieces up and put them down without dragging them , they still scratch the center of the square . I ended up taking the magnets off of all the pieces , filing down the sharp points , and then putting the magnets back on . That seems to have slowed down the scratching process . Also , there was a small sliver of magnet that had fallen off of a base and onto the board . I tried to gently remove it , but even being careful , left a permanent mark on the dark square it was on . It needs some kind of clear coat to protect the paint . Bottom line is that quality is lacking .
 Drueke is one of * the * names in the chess world . Though I had not purchased any of their products before , I was aware of this , and that weighed heavily in my choosing to purchase this set . It also calmed me and helped me justify paying kind of a lot for it relative to other portable sets on the market.What a mistake.I am willing charitably to assume that Drueke 's reputation is well deserved and some mid-level employee neglectfully rubber-stamped production on this design without thinking about it . Because that is the only plausible explanation for how Drueke could manufacture such a worthless piece of trash . Where to begin listing problems ? 1 . The box . Though the box is solidly built , there is also no mechanism for keeping the top on . That means that if you carry it around in a bag for a while you are likely to find that the box has come apart . What a foolish design oversight ! 2 . The pieces . They are trash . They are reasonably nice looking , and the plastic part is solidly built . But the magnets are little donut-shaped rings that go over a peg on the bottom of the piece . This means that unless I am careful the piece comes out of the magnet about half the time I try to pick it up . This renders the set borderline non-functional .3 . The magnets . The one thing that could almost be a good thing about this set is , in fact , also a bad thing . The magnets are very strong . This means that the pieces take effort to lift up , and as such it 's difficult to be delicate when lifting a piece out of a crowd of other pieces . If one is not careful one is liable to disturb the positions of the other pieces . This makes the set practically useless if one is trying to play , on , say , an airplane or train where it is difficult to be extremely delicate . This is supposed to be a * travel * set .4 . The board . The board is one of the worst parts of this set . It is terrible . First , and this is more minor , there are no numberings/letterings for rank/file . Drueke is reputed as a maker of serious chess equipment , and that is something that serious players like to have on their boards . Second , the quality of the paint is * horrible * . Early after purchasing this set I left the pieces on the board in a certain position and did not move them or use the set for two weeks . It does not seem like it is asking much of a travel chess set to allow for this . When I opened the box -LRB- which , miraculously , had not come open of its own accord -RRB- most of the pieces had not moved at all , and the rest had only shifted ever so slightly . That was nice . What was not nice was the fact that the pieces were essentially glued to the cheap paint on the black squares . It took not inconsiderable effort to pry the pieces off , and when they came off so did chips and chunks of paint from the black squares . After only a month of ownership my board already looks like a complete mess ! That is totally unacceptable.In short , this board was a complete and total waste of money . I will be throwing it away because it is incapable of providing me with a usable means of playing chess . People downplaying the durability issues are not thinking ! Pieces breaking and the board getting scratched up are the most basic and fundamental problems a set like this could have !
 This item was defective and has been replaced with no questions asked.I am very pleased with Amazon 's handling of the problem with DRUEKE MAGNETIC CHESS . >
 I like chess game very well and planned to teach my Kids . Unfortunately . . i had a different experience with this Magnetic set . . Magnets are coming out in just few days time . . and i coud not do what i planned .
 I also heard this was a great set but ... 1 -RRB- There is not enough room for the pieces to the side as they come off the board .2 -RRB- I prefer a green/white color combination3 -RRB- the bishops and pawns look too much alikeI would find something else .
 My daughter receive this as a gift off the Amazon wish list . It was missing a bishop and had one extra pawn . When I called customer service , they would not send us the missing bishop because the set was purchased by someone else as a gift for us and not by us directly . Who wants to bug a gift giver to find paper work and have them call a company to get a missing chess piece ? My advice , choose different brand so that if there is a problem , you are not left with hassle or a incomplete set like we are .
 The first set I received was damaged because of it 's packaging . The black paint was worn off because there was no padding and it was just taped to the other items box in the order.The second arrived in good condition . I did not use it for some time as I was deciding to clear coat the board so the paint does not get removed on first use . Well when I moved the pieces many were glued to the black paint and removed the paint from the dark squares . Dam , I should have clear coated it at once!Also , the top does not seat unless you lay the pieces on there side . Otherwise you could put pressure on their tops and may break the pieces.Don ' t buy this set . Go to Wholesalechess and buy a 10 inch wooden travel set.Since I had the problem with the first two sets I contacted the company.Expecting nothing I was pleastly surprise by their intrest in my problem.Maybe I just got two bad sets ? I will get back with an update on the third try .
 There are two major quality problems I have with this set :1 . The magnets are n't properly attached to the plastic pieces so they tend to fall off when you move the pieces by lifting them off . I removed each magnet and reattached with hot glue .2 . The magnets ' rough metal surface scratches the board when you slide the pieces . I stuck little self-adhesive felt pieces to the bottom of each piece to remedy this problem.One minor quibble - the pieces are n't initially easy to tell apart but you get used to that.The magnets are pretty strong - kids can play chess in the car , even bump against it with their knees etc. without the pieces moving.Probably would n't buy this again - too much hassle for such a simple item .
 Pathetically cheap construction . The magnets are simply slipped onto a plastic extrusion on the bottom of the piece so they simply slide off this post and stay on the board when you move the piece . The pieces are indistinguishable from one another . This is like something you 'd win at a carny game .
 Bought this for my kid for Christmas based on all the good reviews . Got to wonder if they got a different version of the game than we did.Its nice you can close the lid and later resume your game.What is n't nice is that the paint sticks to the magnets better than to the board surface . The Bishops and pawns are almost identical , and the pieces are ultra cheap -LRB- the top edges of the rook break way too easily -RRB- Saw a different set at SupernationalsIV for last week for $ 3 that has all the features of this set , and NONE of the drawbacks . The $ 3 set was smaller , fits in a shirt pocket , could be closed and game resumed later etc. ... Also , it does n't label the ranks and files , so recording your game is more difficult.Not worth the price .
 I like the fact that the lid fits while the pieces are in place but the board is pretty cheesy and the black squares started scratching off immediately .
 As another reviewer wrote , the paint will pull off when you leave the pieces on the board when you store it . It is made so you can leave the pieces on the board when you close the cover so you think they would have accounted for this and make a better board . I am surprised with all the good reviews . I will be looking for a new set to replace this one .
 The magnets become stuck easily and rip off the black paint . The set had a lot of promise , but already I 'm looking for a new one .
 In this day and age , we are flooded with cheaply made imports that are no longer so cheap.It is a nice practical design and it fits my needs for now , so this is why i am keeping it . This is why I gave it 3 stars . It is practical product , which I intend to use and toss it when it wears out with a slight grunt that at $ 20 I ca n't expect much these days.Catherine Michael `` catherinemichael '' wrote an excellent account that captures it all perfectly.I would just add that way the board is printed is a tiny bit crooked.I read reviews of this set lasting 20 years . That was before the cheap imports from Asia . I doubt this will last more than a few years of mild usage without some intervention like
 I purchased this item based on the wonderful , glowing reviews that this item had received . It is of the most ridiculous quality that you could imagine . The cheap plastic pieces are too small to be usable , bishops can not be differentiated from pawns , queens look like rooks , all the pieces have plastic tags hanging on them , the magnets on the bottom are broken on half the pieces , the bottoms have plastic tags that will not let the pieces sit properly . The pieces are too big for the tiny squares of the board . The quality that is spoken of so much in the other reviews is absolutely not to be found in any part of this item . Within ten minutes of opening this junk , I had printed out my Return Authorization and Mailing Label and can not wait to get this junk away from me . I hate it so much . Buy anything but this junk .
 I supposed the idea of this `` roadbed '' type of track is that you -LRB- or even your child -RRB- can set it up on the floor without securing everything to a table . It did n't work out that way for me!The track itself is not secured to the roadbed , and it tends to pop out , especially where the floor is not perfectly level . The roadbed pieces themselves did not always mate true -- there was a slight twist that caused the train to jump the track . And I found it difficult to join the pieces on a flat floor without bending and twisting -- and even more difficult to separate them.The track itself is `` code 83 '' designed for `` scale '' railroads and is a bit flimsy for frequent assembly/disassembly . In the process of trying to take sections apart I managed to break the rail out of some of the miniscule plastic `` spikes '' that secure the rail to the ties -- requiring purchase of replacement track . One of the rails on the short curve at the end of the turnout broke completely off!The hookup wires that come with the set are soldered across rail joiners and must be bent down and still do n't line up with the grooves provided to thread them through -- and the cut-out wire holes in the roadbed did n't snap out clean , leaving unsightly tears . And if you put the roadbed directly on the floor , there 's no way to run wires under the track without pinching them.Overall , I was disappointed . It does look great -- which may important if you 're building a permanent layout -LRB- but then why not do your own roadbed ? -RRB- , but I would n't recommend it for children or a temporary setup .
 We received this bed with no manual , no screws to put the bed together with and of course the lid to the mini toy box ! Amazon makes it impossible to get any information from since I have no paperwork on this bed . I 'm hoping to call the manufacturer to see if they 'll help me . This is so irritating especially when you have your little guy staring at a bed that he cant play with . This was suppose to be an exciting thing and have him sleep in a big boy bed but since the bed has been sitting for a few days i 'm sure by the time our replacements get here , it wont be so exciting anymore.The box was badly damaged with holes and such that I almost think this was a return ...
 I have to wonder if I got a knock off -LRB- I doubt it -RRB- . The pieces appear to be built at different facilities , judging by how none of them really seam to fit together . Incredibly chintzy for 280 dollars . In fact , one piece -LRB- I measured -RRB- was incorrectly cut and simply would not physically fit into the notch it was supposed to go into . For this price , and how little it must have cost to build -LRB- this is not high quality plastic we 're dealing with -RRB- , one would expect more in terms of it actually fitting together .
 Pay very close attention to the details ! This bed is massive . My son has a very tiny room I got the bed , put it in his room , and the tip of the toy box is touching the wall . Not recommended for a small room!The screws , they gave me 2 mis lengthened ones along with the right amount of the others . One was too small -LRB- and had a funky screw head -RRB- and the other was in the middle of this big and small ones.Friendly tip = They tell you on the package that the provide no support for the child 's mattress to go on . BUT read the package more ! Use the cribs old spring support ; it will for right into it . No need for plywood.I will say the package arrived quick though , and it is a fun bed great for a big fan !!!!!! My only complaints were the sheer size of it and -LRB- maybe its just me -RRB- but the 2 screws . Other than that great product !
 Wow ! What a cheap toy ! When taking it out of the box , the lightsabers fall apart , the arms fall off the figures , and the figures break in half . Very dissapointing . If you buy it , be very careful taking it out of the box .
 This is a cute house but small . Really too small for the critters . It is even too small to put too much matching furniture in . I bought a few room sets to put in the house and they do n't fit because of the size of the house . My daughter plays with the critters but not the house . Too pricey too for what is consists of . There are better products out there that cost less . I also purchased the matching table to set the house on . The table is used a lot .
 This home is great ! Calico critters are precious !! However if you are focused on details for your little one it can be aggravating ! This home comes with furniture BUT in order to complete rooms you will end up duplicating the items as the counterparts to the pieces included are only sold as sets with the `` free '' items in them . Christmas is too close to send this back but if I were to do this again I would find the home -LRB- empty and maybe the mansion -RRB- and buy the sets to fill it as desired !!! The structures material is like that of the playmobil homes .
 We could n't wait for this purchase and it was a big disappointment . I do n't think this lasted for more than a day . It did n't work well and broke immediately . I would not recommend this product .
 Cheaply made . Not good when multiple kids are playing with it . Does not stay together well .
 I suppose I expected a little more form this toy/instrument , but in the end it 's just an annoying noise maker . My children 's interest did n't last long .
 This slide looked like so much fun , but it 's dangerous and not durable at all . The bubble machine broke off less than two minutes after we turned it on . This turned out to be a good thing because , as we saw when the kids started sliding , it sits right in the center of the volcano - directly where the kids ' heads hit when they reach the end of the slide . It 's a large HARD plastic machine and would have REALLY hurt the kids if we had n't had to remove it . The slide was fun without it , though . By the end of an hour , the volcano was completely obliterated -LRB- which was fine because it 's not necessary for the water to work -RRB- . It lasted for several hours , but then the seams started ripping . We duct-taped them , but the minute the tubes filled up completely they would burst again . If this product was priced at about $ 10 it would be worth it . It 's way too cheaply made to pay $ 40 . If you do buy it , though , DO NOT put in the bubble machine or you 'll be visiting the emergency room .
 My 15 month old got this for his first birthday . Yeah it is cute but looks can be , and this case , ARE deceiving . The nose is hard to push even for me so of course my baby can not operate it . It bounces and laughs for a few mere seconds . It is really loud which is OK except it plays the same thing every other time for a few seconds . It is very durable . I have tossed it around and it stayed in one piece . Definitely not worth buying . I would not even donate this . That is my two cents .
 I 'm sure this toy is great for some , but it is so loud and obnoxious and really creepy ! My 6 month old was not entertained rather she seemed more frightened which made it an easy toy to give away !
 I really like the concept of this toy but it is too hard for even an adult to turn on , let alone a child . Furthermore , once it is on , it only stays on for a couple of seconds and then you are struggling to turn it on for the child again .
 Cons
 I have twin girls who are 6 months old . Both of them got tired of this toy in 2 minutes . The nose is actually a little too hard for them to push as well . For us it was a waste of money .
 As others reviewers have mentioned , pushing this toy 's `` nose '' button is next to impossible for a child of an age to be entertained by it . Added to its very short play cycle , this can drive a parent to drink - especially if she would rather not listen to the loud , crazy music that close up . My 2 year old got it for his 1st birthday . He 's always found it entertaining - and his 5 month old sister also seems to get a kick out of it - but I often keep it hidden to avoid being endlessly prevailed upon to start it up for him .
 1
 When this item finally arrived , it was not only not as advertised , but it was broken.The picture above clearly shows the blue and white clone wars deco , the one I received had only the dull red and white standard paint job . when I opened it up I was disappointed yet again to find that not only is the toy composed largely of crummy rubberized PVC , but it was also broken . The left arm was seized up ad would n't fully transform.Now I 'm not going to bash a toy just because the seller goofed and I happened to get a defective one on top of that , but that said I 'm still giving the toy a low review . Why?While the vehicle mode is fairly accurate and well rendered , the robot mode is disappointing and a bit spindly looking . The legs are meant to telescope out , but the low grade material likes to stick to itself -LRB- explaining why i was n't able to get the arm to work -RRB- so it took me four tries before I actually got both legs out without simply popping them off at the easily dislocated thigh pivot.The arms are scrawny and the joints that were n't frozen up were kind of loose , making it so the engines looked crooked in vehicle mode . As I said , the material sticks so the left shoulder was frozen up and I could not free it.The instructions call for removing the tail guns , but they 're two of the only bits that * do n't * pop off all the time . They were very hard to remove , especially the bottom one.All in all , I 'd recommend skipping this oddball crossover franchise entirely . If the construction of this toy is any example of the rest of the line , I 'd say you 're better off buying your star wars figures and your transformers in separate boxes ; - -RRB-
 This guitar is a very attractive red color but there are a few noticeable blemishes in the spray paint . We did not receive a full set of strings . We received three strings and none of them are the correct size to replace the one that broke upon our initial tuning . The guitar strap is practically useless without a strap button to attach it to the neck ... ours only has one button located on the bottom of the body of the guitar.We were n't expecting a guitar for a rock star but we were expecting to receive at least what was described to us on Amazon .
 I was excited to see that the guitar arrived today ... I ordered it last Wednesday for my 13 year old son . However , upon opening the container I found a few dents here and there and also a crack along the neck joint . There is paint on the frets and the nut is slightly raised from the fret board . The sticker around the sound hole is slightly off and the bridge is plastic . I thought I was getting this for pretty much a steal but the price reflects what I received . On a lighter note , my son was excited to see it and says that I am extremely picky . He is satisfied but I am going to a music store tonight to see what they have to say in regards of the quality of this instrument . I may be returning this purchase if I find a better instrument there .
 I brought 12 of these , this set and the strawberry one , they are extremely light in weight . when I opened them up the little confetti bits were everywhere , had a cheap fake feel to it . A waste of money , I also brought fake onions from this seller and again light in weight and very fake looking , these cupcakes also when in actual view look fake . I did buy donuts from Glitzy glam half the price of the donuts from these and they have w beautiful weighted feel to them the toppings are on stay on well . I 'm convinced GLITZY GLAM stuff is real just with some kind of hard coating on there products , my dog dog even tried eating the donuts . I wish i had gone with Glitzy Glam cupcakes . I will add that the fake food i purchased was for my 2year olds toy market place he loves having the real looking stuff to ` sell ' when he plays .
 We own about 10 Gamewright card games , and this is our least favorite . It 's just a slapping game , no strategy . Boring and slow ! We played it once and it has sat in the closet ever since . Rat a Tat Cat and Sleeping Queens are much better .
 Son de carton !!! y no tienen sonido como una corneta ... que yo sepa los blowout suenan al soplarlos !!! ... bueno ... estos no ... lo pensaria dos veces para comprarlo de nuevo ...
 Imagine my dismay when I received my `` Hugg-a-Planet '' and saw the `` Made in China '' tag ! A Vermont-based company making a product called `` Hugg a Planet '' and it 's made by workers with no rights and shipped halfway around the world in an ocean container . Just does n't seem right.The toy is educational and quality seems okay , so if you 're looking for a toy that pretends to love the Earth without actually loving the Earth , then this one 's for you .
 Listen up all you Amazon self-appointed Review Police ... I know I am not reviewing the product itself , but potential buyers of this product need to know that this DuBro Set does not include the T-Handle Tap Wrench shown in the photo . You just get a small bag with 5 drill bits and 5 tap bits . I ca n't attest for the quality of bits because it is going back to Amazon for a Refund . It is very expensive if you have to buy a decent Tap Wrench along with this $ 22 set . I know their are better choices for $ 45 + . I ca n't blame Amazon -LRB- although they are at fault with a poor description and product photo -RRB- and DuBro did nothing wrong either . Just be warned and save yourself the hassle of Returns !
 this toy just blows , no sound ! NO SOUND ! I could n't believe it when we tried , its just a hollow tube . Going to get 10 that work for a dollar from dollar tree instead , what a let down .
 Beware , this is not a model that is already built . I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend because from the photo and description it seemed like it was an already built model of his car . I 've bought him 2 other similar models online that look like his other cars and they were already built.I 'm not model expert but from this description I thought this was like the other cars I had bought before but I was in for a big shock when I got a tiny box of plastic parts that I was supposed to assemble ! Luckily the seller allowed me to return the item and I 'm not the 1st person that thought it was already built and they were very nice and understanding.But warning if you do n't want a car you have to build yourself then do n't buy this car !
 It 's cute , but the rotating barrel on this shape sorter does n't really add anything to the toy . The blocks fall out of the elephant 's trunk instantly -LRB- no need to rotate at all -RRB- , and I threw it away after my 10-month old got her finger painfully stuck in it and had a small bruise . Toys that bite are n't fun ! It was also much more difficult to keep track of the blocks because it 's almost impossible to store all the blocks in the elephant at once ; they fall out of the trunk too easily . We have enjoyed Fisher-Price Brilliant Basics Baby 's First Blocks far more than this toy .
 Not to entertaining put the blocks in the same shape and color and then you 're supposed to press the ears down and they 're supposed to slide out the trunk but you dont even push the ears down and they come out my daughter has more fun with the blocks alone then the whole toy itself
 This sorter has shapes that are a precise fit making it more difficult to line up with their respective holes . The shapes have to be put in from the top of the drum because the internal parts are in the way when you try to put shapes through holes at the sides . When you push down on the trunk the shapes are supposed to empty out but they sometimes get stuck . A fun concept but frustrating for my 11 month old .
 This is not a fun toy for my 1 yr old grandson who is just getting into shapes has not played with this since the first day . He has other shape sorters that he does play with . I think if the shapes launcher worked , he might like it better .
 We purchased this item for our 7 year old daughter and 9 year old son for Christmas . Within the first few weeks the batteries were dead . They liked it at first but have not even asked to change the batteries since . We bought 8 different disks to go with it . It really does not hold their interest they get tired of watching all the same shows .
 This toy is terrible ! I bought one and a few hours after it did n't work ! Plus the picture is n't even that good like they advertise ! This toy , I mean piece of trash dose n't even deserve one star !
 We had the Playskol Video Now and the regular Video Now Color from last Christmas . After the Playskol one was put through the ringer by my 3 year old , we needed to replace it . We ended up purchasing the new Video Now . It was actually cheaper at Wal-Mart than the Playskol one . Anyway , the screen is better , the sound is better and the picture is better . The flip screen is pretty neat too . HOWEVER , it seems like it is made cheaply and that was very clear when after having it for less than 1 week it died !!! We tried new batteries and even the adapter , and it just does nothing ! It 's going back to the store tomorrow !! I 'd beware of this product , which is really a shame , because my kids loved using it at bedtime to fall asleep !!
 Well ... I bought this item today and before I bought it I looked at the reveiw on this item and saw it had a 1 star rating and the kid said it was bad and it did n't work ... I thought he had just a defective one or that he was careless and broke it ... but he was right !!!!!! The Video Now xp is junk ! Mine is n't working either ! I just took it out of the package turned it on and like the other kid said I got sound but no picture ! So dou n't buy it !!! This thing is going back to the store first thing in the morning !!!!
 I bought this for my 4.5 year old daughter for Christmas . I thought this would be a great easily portable fun disc player for her . Already I am very disappointed . Several times when my daughter has gone to watch a disc the screen stays black and you can hear it but see nothing . It is so frustrating for her and myself . Also , within a few days a big orange blotch appeared in the middle of the screen and will not go away . My daughter says it does n't bother her and she still enjoys it when it is functioning properly . However , I am very disappointed with it and wish that I would have never purchased the item . I would advise that you not waste your money and just spend the money on a portable DVD player instead .
 The item did not work and since you ca n't find it anywhere in stores I have to now go without
 I bought this item for Christmas '06 and I am already having problems with it ! The picture quality is very poor ! Also , I 've had difficulty finding many of the PVD 's which it uses . I would not recommend this product !
 This is the biggest piece of poop I have ever seen ! You would go broke buying $ 13 discs that you would only watch once or twice . Do n't rip yourself off when at some places the shows are more expensive than the actual system !!!!
 THIS STUPID LOOKING THING SUCKS ! IT FREEZES AND SCREEN TURNS BLACK OOH DID I MENTION HOW STUPID IT LOOKS BUY A NINTENDO DS THIS IS JUST A CHEEP PEICE OF TRASH THAT DOSENT WORK . OOH DID I MENTION HOW STUPID IT LOOKS : -RRB-
 so whatis the deal with the xp the only diffrince is it folds Wow !!! Besides the screan is fussy and it hurts yore eyes !!!! so dont get it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -LRB- oh yea i wanted to put 0 STARS !!!!! -RRB-
 There 's absolutely no reason for kids to get this.If kids bought all the craploads of VideoNow color discs , theres no need to buy a more expensive model that only lets you hold it in a different way -LRB- oooooo , wow ! -RRB- and a has a -LRB- finally -RRB- BIGGER SCREEN !! But since I 'm a Nintendo fanboy , whenever Nintendo does this , like releasing the GBA SP or DS Lite , I swallow it like candles and buy it immediately . I even bought a Micro for God 's sake!Its like ripping a big hole in your parents ' wallet for a bigger carrot , but you already have 1,000 other carrots so its kinda pointless ... Lets stick with portable DVD players ...
 please dont get this if dont listen any other review listen to mine please dont get this , this is so lame i have it , it dont work its real fat and stupied looking hey kids please your wasting you time and money DONT GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! .
 My kids wanted this for Christmas so I got them one . It played good , but buying the movies that you could only watch in this machine was a money waster . You can get a dvd player that you can watch any movie on and you would be better off .
 I bought this toy for my 6-year-old daughter , thinking she would enjoy brushing and styling its hair . My daughter has very thick , curly hair , so I am used to brushing through twisted and tangled hair each morning . However , directly out of the box I was unable to comb through Ariel 's hair . It feels sticky , the comb gets stuck and tangled and the hair ends up pulling out . If I ca n't do it when it 's new , how could my daughter possibly do it . Also , wetting the hair and setting the rollers seems like a drag . Maybe a much older child could handle it , but by then they are n't really into Ariel anymore . I wish I could figure out how to throw this toy away without upsetting my daughter , but I just do n't know what else to do with it . It 's useless !
 I bought this for my 7 month old son because of all the glowing reviews , but he really is n't interested in it much at all . He 'll occasionally flip and spin some of the parts , but he 'd rather play with his other toys . Would n't buy this again .
 This is supposed to be an `` activity '' triangle , but it really only has one activity on it . That is spinning . You spin the mirror and some shapes . The only other thing you can do is rattle it , but it is too cumbersome for a baby to pick it up for that . I did n't like this toy at all and my child thought it was boring as well .
 Just as a previous reviewer warned , I ordered the expensive 19.99 version shown here , the one with the mirror , and they sent the cheap 10.52 version -- no mirror . Customer service said the product from Round Table Toys , fulfilled by Amazon , would be removed from the site , but it 's still there . Check what you receive . If there 's no mirror , you got hoodwinked . I 'm returning the one they sent , and ordered another of the nicer one from a different seller on Amazon . I 'll report on my grandson 's reaction , IF it arrives in time for Christmas .
 I ordered the toy that was $ 24.95 , and was charged that amount . I received the triangle that is similar but is $ 15.11 , it does not have the mirror but it was packaged in the box that the $ 24.95 one comes in . I was then told they did not have the $ 24.95 in stock so they would have to send a return label , which they did , and refund me , which they better . I read another review on here where they received the cheaper version but I do not think they realized they ordered the expensive one and received the cheaper one . So check your package contents and be sure you received what you paid for . I felt like it was bait and switch .
 It looks great and I thought it would be a big hit , but it really depends on the child . My one year old never showed any interest in this toy . Not with prodding or guidance or anything . I know some kids love it , but be aware that others wo n't . AT ALL . I say have them play with it in a store first and see if they 're interested . It 's kind of pricey to be given away unused .
 My daughter is 6 1/2 months old and pretty easily entertained . I read all the glowing reviews , and thought this would be a hit . So far , this has n't been the case . The toy itself is bright , cheerful , and very very durable . I also like the fact that it does n't need batteries . However , apart from a few things to spin , and a few shapes to fiddle with , there really is n't anything to sustain her interest . At first I was pleased to find a toy that was n't at all noisy , but , given the lack of visual stimulation , I do n't even think that that 's a bonus . Also , the picture on Amazon of the toy shows a mirror at one end - the one I received had a boring spinner with a dog and a bone on one side , and a kind of `` cage '' design on the other . I think it 's supposed to be an optical illusion when it 's spun , but it does n't work at all . Hopefully she 'll find it more interesting as she gets older .
 I bought this for my daughter for christmas and now , 2 months later , it just clogs up the corner of her room . The hair does not curl like it says . Ive even tried it and cant get it to curl either so i wouldnt really recommend this product
 My wife and I purchased the VIDEONOW XP Interactive Video System for my son this Christmas however when we did Walmart was out of the headphones . Well I was on Amazon one day and decided to look here . I ordered them and was seriously disappointed when they arrived . My 5 year old son attempted to put them on and all they did was fall to his shoulders . No matter how we tried that is all they would do . My 12 year old daughter decided to try them with her mp3 player with the same result ! I am able to wear them however even with my 30 year old head -LRB- size 8 1/4 -RRB- it is still loose . These are not adjustable which of course makes things all the worse . I would just go ahead and pick up some other company 's aftermarket headphones for your child . If Tiger reads the reviews of their products at all then they need to ensure that they rethink the engineering of this device !
 I have been looking at this puzzle for my kids for awhile . This is not a puzzle at all . The word puzzle would lead you to believe that there would be a challenge in putting this together . My two year old was done with this puzzle in minutes and was uninterested in it within 20 minutes . I would not recommend
 I purchased this toy for my little girl . The hair is very hard to comb or do anything with . My daughter can not really play with it due to the dufficulty of even brushing the hair . The hair clips are too small to use on the dolls hair . They do not hold enough hair to even style . I would not purchase this again .
 I purchased this for my 6 yr old daughter for christmas and now , 2 months later , it just sits in the corner . The hair does not curl like it says so not even close to being worth the money
 This princess toddler &#34; table &#34; is absolutely useless and serves no purpose . It 's flimsy and is just for looks to coordinate with the bed . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this table last week for my three year old to use as a nightstand . After my husband out it together it was adorable and looking like it was very well made ... two days later the front board if the drawer fell off while my daughter was trying to pull it out ! So . . We tried to fix it and thought we made it indestructible before we started to find pieces of chipped wood from the drawer . I guess my daughter pulling out the drawer cracked it !! Let me tell you she 's not a rough kid so I 'm not sure how this even happened ! All I know is that it is a piece of you know what ! I did n't even bother returning it ! I learned my lesson ! DO NOT BUY CHEAP FURNITURE!The table is so tiny !! Even too small for a convertible crib bed !!!!!!!!!!!! So beware of this ! Any it 's very light so expect it to be moved around by your children!Hope this helped ! I do n't understand these five star reviews ! I think they must have received these for free to review them ! Otherwise they would tell the truth !
 This LOTR figure does not create any fun action . If anything , its just another bad guy for the main characters to slaughter . To make this figure more Easterling ... it should have included a Katana or a Naginata .
 what an absolute waste of money ! the folks at revell were evidently too cheap to cast a new molding for their truck model . instead , they include the regular three axle chassis and two extra pieces of frame . they expect the model builder to cut the chassis and reassemble with the extra piece inserted . it never worked right and the model is an absolute piece of junk . do n't waste your money . revell should be ashamed of themselves .
 Aside from standard issues in doll clothing production -LRB- unraveling gold strings and all that -RRB- , what really rendered my view of the doll in the negative was the style of articulation , especially in the hip area . Instead of something sturdy like a ball and socket , the top of the leg houses a pin that 's supposed to marry to the torso . Well lem me tell you , one good tumble and you can kiss that system good-bye . Now I 've got a doll with beautiful hair , poor constructed clothing , and odd proportions who only has one functional leg.If you 're the type of collector who handles the box with care , then by all means pick this girl up . But if you like to pose your dolls for display , then avoid this one at all cost .
 Good stickers . Use it as part of a party bag . I think it is a good product .
 My 3 and 5 year old daughters say this game is boring . They will play for about 15 minutes and beg to play a different game .
 I loved it as a kid and thought would be great for my kids . WELL ... it is so confusing , not at all easy to follow . I got such a headache from it , do n't buy if you just want an easy to follow , fun game . Too confuisng for kids & adults . Stick with checkers -LRB- - :
 This is literally a dumbed-down version of the standard Clue game . Basically , one needs to determine which animal has taken which toy to the dog house -LRB- which stands next to the board . -RRB- Players take turns to toss the die , which determines how many steps to take . The characters in the game are the younger versions of the same characters in the regular Clue game
 I 'm more or less fine that they changed a murder with an object in a room to who ate the cake at what time with what beverage . Buying this for kids and all that . Its not as intuitive or intrinsicly interesting , at least to me , but hopefully it is to kids . However , they also changed the mechanics of the game from adult Clue , and not in a good way . The `` room '' variable for example , drops out . Its not relevant . Its who ait the cake at what time with what drink . It just feels silly to set up the room pieces and move from room to room if the room is irrelevant.The idea is probably to change the mechanics to make the game simpler . Well , the problem with that is it was pretty simple in the first place . And the change sort of makes it more complex in a way . You need to remember the rooms where you already checked tokens . Now the sheet does list the rooms , you could use that to check off the rooms where you checked tokens . But since the rooms are not otherwise relevant , its not intuitive to track the rooms where you checked tokens.The game is also incredibly cheaply constructed . For example , the `` die '' does not have numbers on it , you have to put number stickers on it . And the board is n't flimsy -- flimsy would be an improvement.Anyway , not recommended .
 My 6 year old daughter liked to play regular clue with me so I got this one because you can play it with 2 people instead of 3 like the original clue . It is very hard to ge the hang of the set up . We play a lot of games but for some reason my daughter could not remember the correct way to check things off on her score sheet . I do n't think this is easier for kids than the original and I would not recommend it . The concept is good but it is too complicated .
 In an effort to simplify this , the game has ended up being so stupidly convoluted . The directions are hard to follow . I have to re-read them each time we play and the directions are so odd that it gets in the way of having fun . I ca n't see how they thought this version was an easier way to play.Monopoly Jr is a good , quick , easy version of the real thing . This one totally fails.And my box came with no tally sheets .
 I read other people 's reviews of this game and I find it hard to beleive that a 5-year-old -LRB- much less anyone younger -RRB- can really play this game . They are probably playing their own `` version '' of it . It is way more complicated than regular Clue and actually put me in a bad mood trying to play it . Only a 5-year-old in MENSA could actually figure out how to use strategy in this game .
 How to review something you never got ????? No help from customer service and will not order again from them . Out the money and the toy . Bad business .
 OK when my dad bought this game for me I was excitied . Then my friend came over and TRIED to play it but how do you know if they ate the cake or not ?! All they give you is , Miss Scarlett , Mr.Plum etc , some pieces of paper with different drinks and all that , futiture -LRB- I dont know why they gave me this -RRB- and a game board . So how are we supposed to find out ? I have played adult clue . But they give you cards and a file . If someone know how to play Clue Jr please tell me !!!!!!!!!
 Well , i had recently purchased this game on April 9 . it is expected april 13 - 14 . I read the reveiws and now i do n't want this game . I plan on returning it and buying Clue . I had no idea it was for kids ages 4-8 . none of my sisters are that age . I thought Clue would be hard thats why i purchased this game for my 9 year old sister and my self -LRB- 12 -RRB- . now if i just read the instructions for clue i might find it easy . So if your s parent you should buy this only if your children are 5 & 6 otherwise they 'll find it boring ! So i guess I 'll just have to return it !
 This is one of the worst kid 's games I 've seen . Why , oh why , would you hide important information on the bottom of game pieces , and then make those pieces COMPLETELY TIPPY , and design the board so that the pieces are accidentally TIPPED OVER all the time ? What a waste of time and money !
 I loved Clue growing up , so when my mother asked me for gift ideas for my 8-year-old son , I suggested Clue Jr.Among other board games geared to his age , he received Clue Jr. as a Christmas present and was THRILLED . -LRB- He likes mysteries just like his Mom ! -RRB- Unfortunately , our glee was short-lived . My brother 's girlfriend , her 12-year-old son , my son , and I sat down to play this game . My brother 's girlfriend read the instructions , and we tried to figure out what to do with the color coded stickers -- and how to even BEGIN play . Now , let me just say that both of us are board game aficionados who played zillions of games of Clue in our day . I have a genius IQ and she 's a pediatric nurse . In short , we ai n't stupid.Yet , even mid-game , we had a hard time figuring out how to move the game pieces , how to discover clues to mark off the checklist , and so on . You see , each player does NOT have a specific game piece as in regular Clue . Instead , you peel off small stickers to place under the white bases -LRB- the green `` crumb '' label indicating the culprit and five time labels -RRB- and yellow drink labels to the five yellow bases.Then , you roll a color-coded die to determine if you should look under a yellow furniture pawn , under a white character pawn , or move ANY CHARACTER forward up to the number rolled on the dice . If a character lands on a yellow space , look at the bottom of the furniture piece that 's in the room -LRB- for example , the plant on the patio -RRB- . Then , secretly look under the furniture pawn that 's next to that room.Even now , as I 'm re-reading the instructions , I 'm having a hard time understanding what to do ! -LRB- So it does n't make for easy reviewing , let alone playing ! -RRB- Not only that , there 's not a lot of room on the game board for putting furniture pieces BESIDE a room ... let alone IN it!We were so frustrated and bored that all four of us agreed to quit -- and play Pictionary Jr. , instead.If you 're feeling nostalgic and are tempted to buy Clue Jr. for a child , RESIST THE URGE . You 'll be wasting your money and time in my opinion . -LRB- We 're returning the game this weekend , in fact . -RRB- The pieces are chintzy , the game play is confusing , and it does n't even come with pencils !
 OK , given that CLUE is one of the all-time great board games , it 's not surprising that they 'd try to branch out with a kid-friendly version , but that 's no excuse for this waste of time . OK , I get that 5 YO kids perhaps should n't be exposed to murders and weapons , so making the crime `` eating the cake '' instead of murder , and replacing a weapon with a drink and the room with a time are perhaps understandable . But in this game , the potential movements of the pieces are severely limited by essentially one-way paths -LRB- easily blocked -RRB- and eventually there is not even any point in moving ; instead of a conventional die , you have one with only 4 numbers , plus a yellow and a white square , which let you look under pieces for clues -LRB- or to rule out suspects -RRB- . Eventually all you want is to roll a yellow or a white , since rolling a number gets you nowhere . After a few tries at this game with my 6 YO sons , we decided just to try them on the real CLUE , and while it was a little rocky the first time , I suspect they 'll get it soon enough . CLUE is a great game . My advice is to wait until your child is old enough to play the real version , and skip this one .
 The original verion of this game is far easier to follow for the youngsters than the `` JR. '' edition . If the kids do n't get freaked out by the game concept of solving a murder -LRB- any parent allowing their 5 year olds to experience the age appropriate games delivered by Playstation 2 can get over this concept -RRB- , the original CLUE works far times better . The confusion of the setup and play of CLUE JR will remind uninitiated parents of how user friendly the standard edition is . In turn , they will find the ease of playing and explaining said version is to the wee ones . A fine idea , to get a younger crowd to enjoy an old favorite board game , but poor execution make it a pointless venture when the original game was already perfect for the whole family .
 rubber duck squeak is just air being forced out through a hole at the bottom , nothing at all like a quacking duck or anything . duck also does n't stay afloat upright well
 Does n't add much height . Would have opt for something taller . Son loved the firetruck idea . But he still ca n't reach the since and he is a talk 2.5 yr old . Storage compartment looks likenot could be an amputation risk so I will have to glue it shut .
 I dunno , you might like it if you 're into the whole consumerism thing . I HIGHLY recommend you take your $ 30 or $ 40 to your LOCAL thrift store and score a beautiful wooden step stool . This thing is lame but too expensive to exchange
 Oh how my 2 and 4-year-olds loved this toy . And I thought it was just fabulous out of the box but the motor is so noisy , it is quite shocking . This same motor burned out within 2 weeks of buying this . My kids still played with it for the rest of the summer , using a bucket to pour the water up top after the motor broke . They loved it THAT much.If the motor was better , this toy would be such a winner . Step2 , if you read this PLEASE fix the motor . We 'll buy this again in a heartbeat if you do .
 After just 1 hour the on button stuck in the off position -LRB- probably from a little bit of sand from the sand table near it that the kids were also playing with -RRB- and there was pretty much no way to `` unstick '' it . What a pain after putting the whole thing together and getting the kids excited for their new toy !
 This product has huge FUN potential , but fails miserably . The pump does n't work and the upper river needs extra support . We put it together and had three 2 year olds enjoying the product without water . With a few modifications , Step 2 could make this a winner . As for now , it sucks .
 Even my five-year old playing outdoors complained about the incredibly noisy pump . And then the battery compartment melted ! A great idea but lousy execution . Do n't buy this toy -- wait for something better to come along .
 Just adding my two cents . This toy was awesome until it broke quickly . We went through 3 pumps from the company , and now it is on the curb for trash pickup . It really was a fun toy when it was working , but there is something obviously wrong with the pumps and does NOT make sense to buy this toy in its current design . I just tried the last pump a few days ago from the company - so at this writing of this review , this product still does not work .
 I purchased this for my son 's second birthday because he loves the water & playing outside . The pump burned out in the first week . I called Step 2 and they were gracious enough to send a replacement pump . That lasted only 2 days . The thing is poorly made and a huge waste of money . It ended up in the trash within a month . It might actually be fun if it worked for more than a few minutes at a time .
 At most the pump gets out a trickle of water . In no way does it make the wheel spin as defined in the specs . We 'd send it back if I could find the time to disassemble it or find a big enough box .
 This is a small night stand or a toy table to be exact . It looks cute in the picture but I was disappointed with the product when I got it . It 's very cheaply made . Not very sturdy . Not worth the money !
 We had this for about a year when all of the chairs started to fall apart . I 've had to tighten the hardware on the table several times .
 Horrible customer service !! Take forever to get your item if at all . Agents there pass your aruond and never give you a correct answer as well lie to get rid of you .
 I purchased this table because of the cost compared to other tables of this style and also because I own another kidkraft product -LRB- easel -RRB- that we love ! We have not had any problems with it and both my daughters -LRB- 3.5 & 18mo -RRB- climb through it . Unfortunately we have received two table sets that are damaged . I have n't been able to put it together , the first one had a completely damaged box so I expected it to be damaged . The 2nd one arrived in an undamaged box so I had high hopes . Unfortunately both are damaged on the table top siding . The first table top was pulled away from the siding , the 2nd one had a crack through the siding where a screw would go . I think the packaging is flimsy compared to the product weight so it just does n't have the support it needs . But , of course , I also now question the quality of the table . We have n't decided whether to just move on or get one more replacement . If I get another replacement I 'll update this review . To be honest with you , I do n't know if anything else was damaged because I did n't pull anything else out after I saw the damage - I was afraid I would n't be able to get it all back in and seal the box for return .
 crap it i bought one for my little girls it did not even last a year it fell a part the chairs broke so fast and the screw under table keep falling out .
 The letters and sounds do n't match . For example , pressing ` A ' makes the ` L' sound .
 This toy does n't allow children to explore at their pace and it does n't seem to work properly . My daughter recieved this for a Christmas gift and initially I thought it was a great toy until the two of us started playing with it . She quickly got the idea that with one of the games you could call the people in `` phone book '' at the bottom , if you spell the word next to the person correctly they say something . She loves to `` call '' mom , but the toy chooses at random what you should spell . If it randomly selects something else you can not get it to change until you spell the word it asks . When she gets frustrated and CORRECTLY dials M-O-M the machine replies `` You 've dialed O-M-M '' and laughs ?!?! Just a moment ago my wife was talking with my daughter about words and typed in R-O-A-R and it replied `` You 've called Z-O-R '' and laughs . With mistakes like these it would not surprise me if there is a recall . I normally like toys from this company , but this one is just not educational , ironically because it seems to try too hard . My daughter is interested in the fun looking toy but never plays for more then a minute due to the toys constant orders . This toy does not give her room to play it just tells her what to press . That is not learning !
 The little teddy bear 's skin is peeling off and I am not the only one with this problem . International Play Thing 's customer service told me there are no replacment bears and that 's that . For an expensive set like that not acceptable . Plenty of drama from our daughter .
 IIRC , this kit first appeared in 1961 . It appears to be a modification of Revells HMS Bounty kit , which makes it quite inaccurate . For example , the Beagle did not have a blunt merchantman-like hull shape like the Bounty.Posters on ship modeling internet forums lambaste this kit as one of Revell 's most inaccurate models . People say it is like taking a model of a Ford Pickup , changing the markings , color , and box art , and calling it a Chevy El Camino .
 If one enjoys assembling quality kits , I would NOT recommend this one . This kit was the most disappointing Revell model I have ever attempted .
 Very small and very few noodles , very little resin ; also the mushrooms are ` paper ' ... Do n't waste your money , seller apparently is not concerned with dissatisfaction !
 horrible , they ripped the first time i tried them in practice and they come undone easily.do not buy
 After purchasing what I thought was a new Leapster Game System for my grandaughter , I found out it was really used . Also , the system does not work . Now , all I get is the runaround from Amazon . I will no longer do business with Amazon .
 I am so disappointed in this item . I 'm a big fan of The Kushies Zolo toys but this one is garbage . It looks and feels cheap . Also , the squishy water toy arrived deflated and there was n't any liquid inside so I had to ship it back which is a pain in the butt ! Considering the cost of this toy I expected so much more .
 In the many years that my wife and I have been using this wonderful shopping site , we have never felt compelled to write a negative review - until we purchased this gorilla . When I buy a stuffed animal for my daughter , my only expectations are that it is soft and that the fur stay in tact . It is not soft , and the fur continues to fall out . I admit , it is my own fault for buying a stuffed animal online without checking it out in person , but I have had so many pleasant shopping experiences through Amazon that I thought it would be OK . Maybe mine is defective , I do n't know . The raggedy gorilla sitting next to me is very poorly made .
 I have to say that the product is functional , but the material used for the brackets is so weak that it bends as you try to fasten it to the table . The net is fine .
 I read all the reviews and thought this would be a great game for my daughters and me . We all like Scrabble and have a strong math aptitude . Well , this game disappointed us in several ways
 It took about 4 turns and 20 minutes before we gave up on this game . It 's just not that fun , and we 're all people who are comfortable with math . Perhaps it is useful as an educational tool , but it is not a fun game . It felt very contrived and at the end was unsatisfying .
 I purchased this game for our grandchildren , ages 9 and 10 . When I opened the box , I was disappointed at the quality of the tiles -LRB- pressed board -RRB- and the tile holders -LRB- a flimsy plastic -RRB- . I had expected something like Scrabble , with nice tiles and wood tile holders . Nonetheless , we read the starting directions and started a game . We both found it to be difficult , especially if you happen to pick several tiles with fractions of different denominators . I am sorry I purchased this item , and would advise others to think twice before ordering it.Equate
 But we are neither . We tried playing this with our 10 and 9 year old and they could n't even get through one game . So although I 'm sure it 's great for some families , ours did n't get much use , and hence , not much educational value , out of it .
 We played the game with gifted kids and adults age 9-40-plus and were surprised to find the kids were able to hold their own . But , like scrabble , the turns take forever ! And , the scrabble concept does n't really work well with the operators -LRB- = . + , - -RRB- ; too soon you run out of space on the sides as equations are much longer than words . You ca n't put two equations as close as two words and so there is much less opportunity for creativity in placing your pieces -LRB- e.g. you can not make two equations in two directions ; sometimes there are only one or two locations where it is possible to add an equation -RRB- . We were getting scores of 10-30 points per turn , then one person added the following to an existing equation `` 0 X 34567 5/6 + . '' By hitting a triple equation score and got more than 270 points on one hand thereby effectively ending the game that had been relatively even . It seemed unfair even to him ! Great idea flawed by long waits and poor design ; unlikely to play it twice . C
 We purchased this to go with a new Bachmann trainset for Christmas . Unfortunately , the graduated rise is n't graduated enough . When mated with the Bachmann EZ track , it seems to climb too steeply too quickly . Some of the shortest pieces do n't actually touch the table , they are lifted up by the next larger sizes . It seems clear that is a sign of too much lift too soon.Worse , the steam engine that came with our train set -LRB- which looks very much like the one on the box -RRB- can not make the climb with more than one of the cars attached and that car has to be one of the lightest . Anything else and it just spins its wheels.Worse still , those trains with enough power to climb the track can not keep their cars coupled consistently . The angle is so steep that the couplers in the leading cars lift up above the couplers in the trailing cars so you have random decoupling when going uphill.Another problem is the solid base . It would really be nice to be able to run this straight over other track , straddling the track below , but the base is solid so it can only be used as a bridge across other track . That means you need to make sure your track design does n't have an upper level connection too close to a lower level track . That 's minor compared to the other issues but worth mentioning.If I had n't thrown away the box , I 'd return it .
 when I try to put this together it is completely anoyingit will not go together !!!!!! if it was up to me I thinkyou should n't buy it.completly frustrating .
 As the others have stated , this product can not do what is pictured on the box and no cheap engine could climb that grade .
 We received this as a gift and it worked fine for a few weeks , but after a few times using it , it started to work intermittently . There was no way to make it work with consistently except to shake it and drop it . Perhaps , something came loose in the inner workings , but I think the product should have been designed for the rattles and shakes of a young child .
 I think this would have been an enjoyable learning toy for my granddaughter had it worked properly . Elmo only said the alphabet to the letter h. I do n't know if that was all he learned so far or if it was a defective toy ! I sure am glad I played with it before giving it as a gift ! Really may have put her in state seeing that her name starts with an I ! I hope everyone plays with the toys before giving them as gifts ! That is what life is about ... playing !
 First and foremost let me say that this is not a telescope for a newcomer to the hobby . That being said , it is not a terrible telescope outright . It simply over promises and under delivers.The Baytronix 150 is a Chinese made reflector -LRB- i.e. it magnifies using mirrors instead of lenses -RRB- that has been very popular on ebay and other internet sites for some time . I purchased one not for the scope itself , but because I needed a tripod for my Meade Schmidt-Newtonian . The tripod was more than satisfactory for my needs and fit my budget . Think of the tripod as a knock off of a vixen type model . some other reviews describe this tripod as an eq-2 equivalent , but it is much more robust than that.So being that I was buying a tripod and getting a telescope out of the deal , I took the plunge . After all , I already owned a short tube refractor from Baytronix that I use as a camping scope , and though that too had its shortcomings , it was not a bad scope in its own right.When it arrived , my first impression of the 150 is that it was ethetically extremely unattractive . It looks like a little garbage can or a corn-cob pipe . Armed with this at star parties , you will be happy that the hobby is a night time activity . Baytronix claims that the focal length is 1400mm . Actually , it 's a 600mm barrel , with a 100mm extension tube , accompanied by a 2x corrector -LRB- read barlow -RRB- that attempts to give the scope the equivalent focal length of 1400 . Like many low end telescopes , Baytronix hopes that high numbers will convince buyers to buy , but the engineering malfeasance leads to a lot of trade offs.Before moving forward , I should point out that not all telescopes are created equal . The telescope that gives you crisp clear images of the planets my not give you a similar view of nebulas or galaxies . With such a short tube , a telescope like the 150 is designed to look at faint deep space objects , not planets . With the mirror bending light at such a sharp angle , bright , close objects , like planets , tend to show a bright ring around them as the light is unable to meet perfectly at one location . This is less of an issue with dimmer objects . Once again , piece of advice , if you are new to the hobby and want to see planets , look into getting a good refractor -LRB- one that uses lenses , not mirrors -RRB- . So this is Baytronix 's problem . The scope 's design lends itself for use as a large field , low power scope , but is being forced into the role of a high powered scope thanks to the 2x corrector . Removing the corrector lens is not an option -LRB- I did so by the way , but had to remove the entire focuser to do so -RRB- . Even if removing the corrector was not a chore , the image never comes into focus without it.The other major problem with this scope includes the fact that you can not easily remove the primary mirror for cleaning -LRB- as in you will never want to try , ever -RRB- and that the scope is very difficult to colliminate due to the lack of thumb screws . And yes , the finder is no great gift , but you can focus it by turning the eyepiece , so do n't give up on it outright.So is this telescope a bust ? Not entirely . I did a side by side comparison between this scope and a better built 4.5 inch , true low power reflector to do a comparison -LRB- putting it against my meade 6 inch would be too cruel -RRB- . I wanted to compare brightness between the two , see if the corrector lens reduced light flow to the eye and just what could and could n't be seen . To achieve balance , I used a 40mm eyepiece on the Baytronix , giving me a magnification of 35x -LRB- vs the smaller scope with a 15mm eyepiece at 33x -RRB- . After laser colliminating the two , I first focused both scopes on to Jupiter . As expected , both scopes showed signs of coma . Some cloud belts could be distinguished , but the coma glare hid most of the detail . However , the Baytronix was noticeably brighter than the 4.5 scope , proving that the corrector lens did not totally incapacitate the scopes abilities . I moved on to the globular star cluser in Hercules . Even though the light pollution that night was more than moderate -LRB- aparent seeing was about 4.5-5 -RRB- , I was still able to find the cluster in both scopes . As before , the Baytronix image was brighter and showed more detail than the smaller scope . Hard to say for sure if individual stars within the cluster would have been viewable had the sky been darker.To wrap up this review let me mention a few other positives . There was , of course , the tripod , but beyond that the scope has a very cool moon filter cover that I wish more telescope manufactures would consider . Also , the eyepieces , while generic , are a good deal better than some of the plastic I see accompanied with other scopes . Finally , there is also an adapter for those out there desperate to make use of your old .965 eyepieces.But all that aside , this scope never lives up to its promise . Unless you receive it as a gift or for a song , it is n't really worth investing your time and money , especially when there are some really great bargains out there available from other brand name companies .
 This toys hand fell off within two minutes of light play . We glued it on and it broke then the other hand did the same thing . And finally , the leg popped off at the knee . We returned it . The cape is fun and flexible . The color is good .
 I bought this as a stocking stuffier . This broke very fast and its not meant for people with big hands .
 Very disappointed . Not like flying monkey I had bought before . Oink is n't . You do n't get what you pay for.XXXXXXXXXX .
 Its finger wholes were too small and tore upon first careful use . . will not buy another
 Even though it was in a plastic package , it was already quite dirty . Also , the sound did n't work , so no oinking . Obviously disappointed .
 My grandchildren thought this was a funny toy until they tried it out and the `` hands '' of the pig broke off on the very first try . Very shoddy . Do not buy this .
 I bought this as a prize for a party we were having for 9 year olds and the kids did n't play with it for very long at all before it started ripping apart .
 The pig was cute but there was not oink . Used it at a party and it flew around but disappointing that there was no sound .
 I ordered this as a mother 's day present for my mother . Upon the first time we ` played ' with it , one of the paws came off , and we could n't get it fixed . I was very upset , that it broke that soon .
 This toy is very cute , it is a fun concept however the toy broke with in five minutes with normal play . I would not recommend this toy .
 My husband played with this toy one time while we were wrapping for Christmas and ruined it by pulling the slingshot too hard . He claims he was not that rough on it . They are not easy to use , and snap easily .
 A gimmick toy . The hands of the pig was put on backwards so our pig ca n't fly . Unless you love pigs that make noises ... there 's got to be something else to buy besides this .
 I was looking for things inexpensive for stocking stuffers and this was one of the items . I actually got two for two stockings . One held up for a couple of tries but the other broke on the first attempt .
 The pig would not make noise and the plastic strip was removed before trying it . Very disappointing when it was opened by my Grandchildren
 Flimsy and poorly made . The rubber tubing in the arm ripped off the second time my son tryied to use it
 This item is much bigger than I had expected , which makes it harder to fly . I bought it for my son who ca n't make it go at all , even I have a hard time with it . He , however , loves it just the same without flight .
 The pig itself is cute but does not make sound like it should and is already tearing at the seam where it is stretched for slinging it as is it 's intended use .
 We could n't get the hang of shooting this pig . It was difficult to hold the sling shot part and pull it back .
 the little pockets on the front feet that you put your fingers in are so tiny and shallow that they are unusable and you cant shoot it if you cant get you fingers into it .
 The very first time I tried to use this , it ripped . One of the pigs feet came off and the fabric ripped on the other . I was n't expecting it to last forever , but kind of thought I might get to use it at least once . Its funny , but a piece of junk none the less .
 Bought this for the kids and after shooting it 3 times the hand ripped off . Doesnt hold up .
 Slingshot Flying Pig With Oink Sound broke right off the bat with out any force was dissappointed . . needs to approve , pigs sound was cute thou . would not sling very well thanks
 First and foremost let me say that this is not a telescope for a newcomer to the hobby . That being said , it is not a terrible telescope outright . It simply over promises and under delivers.The Baytronix 150 is a Chinese made reflector -LRB- i.e. it magnifies using mirrors instead of lenses -RRB- that has been very popular on ebay and other internet sites for some time . I purchased one not for the scope itself , but because I needed a tripod for my Meade Schmidt-Newtonian . The tripod was more than satisfactory for my needs and fit my budget . Think of the tripod as a knock off of a vixen type model . some other reviews describe this tripod as an eq-2 equivalent , but it is much more robust than that.So being that I was buying a tripod and getting a telescope out of the deal , I took the plunge . After all , I already owned a short tube refractor from Baytronix that I use as a camping scope , and though that too had its shortcomings , it was not a bad scope in its own right.When it arrived , my first impression of the 150 is that it was ethetically extremely unattractive . It looks like a little garbage can or a corn-cob pipe . Armed with this at star parties , you will be happy that the hobby is a night time activity . Baytronix claims that the focal length is 1400mm . Actually , it 's a 600mm barrel , with a 100mm extension tube , accompanied by a 2x corrector -LRB- read barlow -RRB- that attempts to give the scope the equivalent focal length of 1400 . Like many low end telescopes , Baytronix hopes that high numbers will convince buyers to buy , but the engineering malfeasance leads to a lot of trade offs.Before moving forward , I should point out that not all telescopes are created equal . The telescope that gives you crisp clear images of the planets my not give you a similar view of nebulas or galaxies . With such a short tube , a telescope like the 150 is designed to look at faint deep space objects , not planets . With the mirror bending light at such a sharp angle , bright , close objects , like planets , tend to show a bright ring around them as the light is unable to meet perfectly at one location . This is less of an issue with dimmer objects . Once again , piece of advice , if you are new to the hobby and want to see planets , look into getting a good refractor -LRB- one that uses lenses , not mirrors -RRB- . So this is Baytronix 's problem . The scope 's design lends itself for use as a large field , low power scope , but is being forced into the role of a high powered scope thanks to the 2x corrector . Removing the corrector lens is not an option -LRB- I did so by the way , but had to remove the entire focuser to do so -RRB- . Even if removing the corrector was not a chore , the image never comes into focus without it.The other major problem with this scope includes the fact that you can not easily remove the primary mirror for cleaning -LRB- as in you will never want to try , ever -RRB- and that the scope is very difficult to colliminate due to the lack of thumb screws . And yes , the finder is no great gift , but you can focus it by turning the eyepiece , so do n't give up on it outright.So is this telescope a bust ? Not entirely . I did a side by side comparison between this scope and a better built 4.5 inch , true low power reflector to do a comparison -LRB- putting it against my meade 6 inch would be too cruel -RRB- . I wanted to compare brightness between the two , see if the corrector lens reduced light flow to the eye and just what could and could n't be seen . To achieve balance , I used a 40mm eyepiece on the Baytronix , giving me a magnification of 35x -LRB- vs the smaller scope with a 15mm eyepiece at 33x -RRB- . After laser colliminating the two , I first focused both scopes on to Jupiter . As expected , both scopes showed signs of coma . Some cloud belts could be distinguished , but the coma glare hid most of the detail . However , the Baytronix was noticeably brighter than the 4.5 scope , proving that the corrector lens did not totally incapacitate the scopes abilities . I moved on to the globular star cluser in Hercules . Even though the light pollution that night was more than moderate -LRB- aparent seeing was about 4.5-5 -RRB- , I was still able to find the cluster in both scopes . As before , the Baytronix image was brighter and showed more detail than the smaller scope . Hard to say for sure if individual stars within the cluster would have been viewable had the sky been darker.To wrap up this review let me mention a few other positives . There was , of course , the tripod , but beyond that the scope has a very cool moon filter cover that I wish more telescope manufactures would consider . Also , the eyepieces , while generic , are a good deal better than some of the plastic I see accompanied with other scopes . Finally , there is also an adapter for those out there desperate to make use of your old .965 eyepieces.But all that aside , this scope never lives up to its promise . Unless you receive it as a gift or for a song , it is n't really worth investing your time and money , especially when there are some really great bargains out there available from other brand name companies .
 Pros
 Very cool for about the 30 seconds when it worked . Changed the batteries to no avail . Motor turns but will not move the string . P.O.S.
 The product is inherently defective it breaks shortly after its first use . Just save your money and avoid this purchase .
 We bought this toy at Disney , after seeing being demonstrated at a lot of stores . It did n't work when we opened it . Thought it was the batteries . Changed the batteries after arriving home . It will only stay on for about 5 seconds before shutting off . The string is not tangled when it shuts off . My son is very disappointed . We ca n't return it , since we bought it on the last day of our stay . I emailed the company , but wonder how receptive they will be to replace it .
 Really not impressed with this toy . So you hold this thing that 's spinning some colorful string . If you try to aim it UP , it gets tangled and shuts off . If you touch something with the string it gets tangled and shuts off . If you wave it around , it gets tangled and shuts off . Luckily the tangles are usually easy to get out , but still , this is quite annoying.Really ca n't recommend it at this time .
 My son must have played with this thing for overall about 10 min before it crapped out . I put new batteries in it and still nothing . For some reason it has a socket where a charger would plug into it but it did n't come with any charger . I got it at Disney and really wish I would have just let him play with the display and saved my $ 20 .
 Did n't much care for it , the ribbon one is better . The black light is cool . The string jammed in the housing and had to take it apart . Kids lost interest in it quick .
 We bought 2 of these when we were on vacation - one for each son.It looks great , especially in the dark with the black lights on . However , you do n't get to see it for long . The string kept knotting up - not a problem as it just took seconds to fix.However , the battery went dead . We put fresh batteries in and still nada . Both pieces were dead and we 're no longer in the area where we bought the toy so we 're out of luck . One was played with for maybe an hour and the other about 1/2 an hour , if that much.I just knew Amazon.com would have some but I 'm not throwing any more money away , although my husband wants to get new ones so the boys wo n't be disappointed . Buy yourself something that will work for more than an hour .
 We bought this toy from a local toy store and it broke within 10 minutes . We start the toy , the string immediately knots up , and the toy stops . We fix the knot , start the toy again , the string immediately knots up , and the toy stops working again . I 'm throwing it out now . Very disappointing to my son to receive a toy that absolutely does n't work .
 This was neat for a few minutes ' of play on Day One . It stopped working on Day Two . New batteries did n't help - the motor was dead . I called the toy co. 's customer service , got sent to voice mail , and have n't heard anything back in a week .
 See the title of this review . String - gets in a knot , then balled up , then you have to take it apart . Imagine this over and over again , until it is unserviceable . Even if this was not the case , the lights are offset , so they do not shine directly on the string enough to keep the effect constant . Would NOT buy again .
 received one as a christmas gift . put 4 fresh AA batteries in it and it kind of , sort of , worked . it never was able to shoot the string into the air . the motor just was n't strong enough . suspected the batteries so we switched out the 4 batteries with another set of brand new batteries -LRB- from a different battery manufacturer -RRB- and got the same results . after about 30 minutes of use over a couple of days it finally stopped working . taking the string out the motor runs but with the string in it does n't run.will try to contact the company or take the unit back to the store .
 My son really liked this toy but it stopped working . He used it for a few days and put it away for a while . When he went to use it again a couple of months later , it did not work . We changed the batteries , still nothing . I contacted the company to ask about warranty and it has been 7 weeks and they have not even acknowledged my email .
 the paint just was not as good as i hoped it would be . if you get this paint marker set you will need Enamel .
 I was aware from the description that this device would only hold eyepieces up to a certain barrel length . Unfortunately because of the design any eyepiece used is raised another couple inches from the telescope eyepiece holder compared to using it without the adapter . on my telescope this means i do not have enough infocus ability to get the moon or planets into focus . it will obviously work for some telescopes but not all . You would be better off getting a different style adapter that attaches to the top of the eyepiece to allow for the sensor to be closer to the eyepiece and still able to use the eyepiece lower barrel to attach to the telescope .
 The monkeys came out of a package - just thrown into a brown envelope . The monkeys came nearly 2 weeks later than the other 5 products I ordered and shipping was really expensive . I e-mailed to return the monkeys and received no reply from the company at all . Poor service ...
 sorry , i 'm not hard to please . this spinner do n't spin unless it is really windy . also after only a month of mild weather , it is also rusting . not happy overall . it was not really cheap either .
 This product looks very cheap and it is not worth the money they demand . The green tear drop looks bad as well and when it rotates , it wobbles instead of maintaining the center position . Not worth the time and money spent on this .
 The Generator was DOA . It hummed but I got no output . I plugged my Commander into it and NOTHING happened!I then plugged my Commander into a 2 amp 12 volt regulated power supply and the Commander worked perfectly . So I sent the Generator back for refund.I later found a 3 amp power supply at a local electronics parts supplier and have more power than the Atlas Commander and have an off-on switch , which the Atlas Generator lacks .
 My son was given this as a gift . I got it put together OK , it was a little difficult , but I got it together . However we quicky noticed the wheel does not turn , the pedals get stuck and even I ca n't get it to turn right . If I ca n't turn it how is my 2 year old suposed to learn to pedal ? It now sits in the yard dry rotting in the sun , the kids do n't play with it .
 I bought this for my 2 year old son . He loves to try and ride his big brothers bike , so I wanted to get him one more his size to get him used to the pedaling thing . The pedals stick and make this a very hard bike to ride , so he just scoots around on it . If the pedals worked properly it would be great . I actually bought two of these , one for my friends 2 year old daughter so they could play together and her bike has the same problem .
 I 'm sure it would be a wonderful little rider IF YOU COULD GET IT PUT TOGETHER ! It is absolutly the hardest toy to get the little metal caps on the top without busting your fingers to death with the hammer ! It 's cute and all-but do n't go through the hassle ! It 's not worth $ 10 !
 We got this doll for my neice . It is beautiful and looks exactly the same as it does in the picture . Buy it you wont waste your money .
 This house is complete with everything except the DOLLS !!! The box does not indicate this . Now I am spending hours and more $ $ $ $ to find the happy family dolls to go with this . Do not buy unless you have the Happy Family dolls first !
 I purchased this dollhouse for my 3-year-old daughter . I was very disappointed with the quality of not only the house , but the furniture as well . For the quality , it is very overpriced . The dining room table and chairs are so flimsy and can not stand normal play as they keep collapsing and the actual house itself will tumble over if your child so much as bumps it . The shower curtain rod keeps falling off of the side and the bassinet 's parts keep coming off . Even with all the sounds , I still do n't think it is worth the money and I am taking this back and purchasing the upright barbie dollhouse as the house and furniture are made of wood ; I 'm hoping it will be a lot more sturdy .
 I did n't get a invoice with this and one or more of the pens were damaged . Can I still return this Item with invoice or packing slip .
 This is the worst collectors idea ever !!! Who came up with dis ????!!!! A Barbie in a cat costume on a shoe shaped chair ... alright then ... ????????
 My kids -LRB- 1 1/2 and 4 -RRB- love magna doodles , and the oldest one 's a huge Little Einsteins fan , so this was a big hit for christmas . The stensils are a bit lame , but the kids do n't mind.The one big drawback with this toy , however , is the volume . I have NEVER heard a toy so loud , and it ruins much of the expirience . Desperately needs a volume control - even after I 've taped over the speaker . Also , the feature that makes the music pause and continue every time you lift the `` pen '' is extremely annoying - listening to Vivaldi in two-seond-intervals on/off can kill anybody 's taste for classical music . A shame , really , 'cause the idea was good ...
 i remember these being soft and cushy . This was hard AS A ROCK and i returned it asap . For that amount of money , it needs to be softer .
 If they had said anything about comfort or `` softness '' I would have to challenge them.This is like trying to lay on concrete ... maybe they get softer over time . I will never know . I have already given both of them away , after using them one time.There are many others on the market that are actually comfortable.Good luck , maybe if you need a very firm mattress , you will like it .
 IT IS A PIECE OF JUNK ! AFTER A COUPLE OF DAYS USE AS A EXTRA GUEST BED IT SAGS IN THE MIDDLE , WOULD NEVER BUY ANOTHER ONE
 This chair bed is the hardest of hard beds we 've ever seen . No one could possibly get any sleep on this .
 THIS ITEM HAS BEEN ORDERED FOR TWO WEEKS AND I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED IT . I GUESS IF YOU GET FREE SHIPPING , THAT MEANS YOU HAVE TO WAIT FOREVER .
 Bought this for my 10 y.o. son 's room . While it 's definitely an improvement from sleeping on the floor for sleepovers , I ca n't recommend it . After several months of usage , the foam cushion loses it 's shape . Should have gone with a lower end futon , because I doubt this will hold up much longer . Okay for little kids -LRB- under 12 -RRB- as temporary sleeping arrangement , but not good for much else .
 Not only did this take an adult to put together , but one touch and pieces break . I broke a few pieces just getting them into place . I had to hot-glue it to hold it together , another reason I 'm not sure this should be for kids . You can not play with it once it 's together . If you want to put it together and display it on a shelf , then this would be perfect .
 I was not terribly impressed with this puzzle . The instructions are difficult to decipher and pieces do not hold together well . Do not buy this for a child as it can not be played with . Once you put it together if you want to put it on a shelf and never breath on it then fine . Once it is put together it looks pretty nice , but I do not recommend that you purchase .
 This marker is too thick for most pieces . It 's as thick as highlighter and most gunpla pieces are so small that this thing can hardly be used . This is definitely not for panel lines . If you have large pieces that you want to color , this is a pretty good one .
 I bought this toy yesterday at Target . I brought it home and put the batterries in and it did not work . My three-year-old was SO dissappointed . He did not care it did not turn on . He still wanted to yank it out of my hands and play with it . A few minutes later he was yelling at the top of his lungs saying it was burning him . The thing was so hot ! I unscrewed it to find the brand new batterries melting . They were brand new ! I called Mattel and they just asked ME to mail it in and wait 8 to 10 weeks for a replacement . They put it all on ME . I was livid ! I am so tired of toys made in China .
 Ridiculous to make the characters have specific feet for their seats - and they are all different , so you MUST put them just where they go - they are not interchangeable . Too much trouble for a frustrated toddler . I tossed it after a few weeks into the donation bin when he was n't looking . Silly , silly , silly .
 This toy is super loud with no volume control . of course you can turn it off but any toddler will know how to turn it back on.I also do n't like how every character has to be in the correct seat to talk with nothing to really help my toddler figure out where they go except the feet do n't fit right .
 I never would have purchased this toy , but I received it as a gift . It has way too many problems and few redeeming features . I highly recommend saving your money for something more worthwhile.Pros
 I 'm not rating this toy , because it 's a great toy , for kids who love Little Einsteins . I 'm rating the fact that it 's $ 400 . Ridiculous . Who would buy this for that price ?
 seller pics and descriptions showed product in complete box , with notes in the photos about how all 4 action figures are included . product came with just the rocket shell ... no lid , no monitor , no figures , no box . total bait-and-switch . returned right away and received refund . We went to buy this because or son played with his cousin 's our entire trip home for Christmas . After this experience , my brother was nice enough to ship his rocket to our son because his kids just do n't play with it anymore . our son loves the toy itself . I wish it had a lower volume switch ... the noises it makes are too loud for regular playtime . it like it 's shouting at you .
 We received this toy as a hand-me-down from a friend , and the paint on the characters has melted onto our leather couches when left there for a period of time . Ca n't be safe for children ... . Had no idea it costs $ 400 !!! We threw it away .
 I 'm sitting here with my mouth hanging open ... how dare a toy company price gauge like this ??? Or is it Amazon ? Over 300 dollars for a plastic toy are you kidding me ??? My little girl wants this and I so badly want her to walk out Christmas morning to all of the things she asked for under the tree ... and it 's not that I could n't afford it with my Christmas savings ... I just can not bring myself to do it . . spend this sort of money !!!?? It 's ludicrous !! Am I not the only one freaking out about this ???
 Have been amused by the reviews of the cost of this toy . From it being $ 33 in 2008 to $ 300 to $ 400 and today it is offered at $ 700 . Who would ever pay that much for something ? Do n't be an idiot .
 you may think this doll is nice and pretty but she is not . the plastic shirt is so cheesy . you can see through it . my little sister held it and the wings fell off . the little one is even more cheesier becauese my sister was holding it and it split in half . my little sister said she wanted to scratch my head off . the value of this doll is 3 fourths of a cent .
 I was thinking about buying this for my daughter , but when I tried it out at the store , the little characters sang `` do re me '' etc. but completely out of tune ! Would it have been so hard to program it in tune ? Why not do it right so kids could actually learn something ? Another example of someone 's good idea done badly .
 The solfege buttons at the top of the toy were n't even close to being in tune to a major scale . Hopefully , they will consult a musician and revise this product . This problem alone makes this is an irritating noisemaker .
 This toy offers badly synthesized versions of instruments playing in the wrong octave . The levers do not change pitch , they change the volume of the instruments in the mix . The characters sing out of tune . My three year old spent 10 minutes with this toy , and we have n't seen it since .
 My 5 year old is Megazord crazy ! He collects them and watches the videos on youtube to learn how to assemble them etc. . He knows his stuff here . When he opened this one he automatically knew there was something wrong . Other Megazords are high quality and the joints are tight and stay together , each piece that comes apart has its own functionality and moving parts . This Megazord is very stiff , the seperate pieces only have moving arms basically , and when it is formed as the larger Zord it has the same basic movements . The legs of the seperate pieces are cast together , you ca n't move them . To sum it up it feels like 3 MCDONALDS TOYS put together into one big one . It constantly falls apart and wo n't stay together . It only serves as a constant source of frustration to my son and a constant reminder that I over paid for it at around $ 40.00 . I 'd return it if I was n't required to pay for the shipping back and have the shipping to me deducted as well . Sorry , this one falls short in a big way .
 Poor review so far because I placed the order on 5/5 and it has not been shipped yet . Disappointed as this is a gift for little girl ...
 It looks nothing like pictured ! It 's eyelashes came out and it 's stripes came off . It looks like a shedding dog .
 I would NEVER recommend this . My 5 year old daughter got this for Christmas after begging for it for months . The playset is complete junk . As soon as you touch it everything falls apart . My daughter ca n't even play with it . The stairs fall apart , the top floor sits on the pillars and each time you touch the set the pillars come out and the top floor falls down . The upstairs railing comes off constantly . The white head and footboard fall off each time you put a doll on the bed because nothing on this whole set it attached securely . Everthing just kind of fits together . If you consider purchasing this item , PLEASE purchase lots of crazy glue also or your child will spend a lot of time in tears because the set wo n't stay together .
 I was a barbie fan but now im a barbie and My Scene fan can someone tell me if this playset is fun and good to play with thank you .
 My daughter had this for christmas , after nearly an hour removing all the ties , threads , tabs and tape , adding all the stickers and several attempts to get all the columns and stairs attached at the same time my little girl finally got to play with it ! It has since fallen down a least 3 times as the columns do n't lock in place and it wobbles when you put any of the dolls on the top level . Overall I was very dissapointed by the quality of this toy and will be writing to Mattell to complain .
 this is a piece of rubbish ! it kept falling down . also it copied the bratz pad -LRB- made by a celebrity house designer -RRB- . it is really not durable and is not very fun .
 i think the loft is very over priced for a chunk of plastic
 I wish Bratz would come out with a house cause what kinda house is that?This is so not worth 30 bucks!I rather buy a brat doll with that money!So I think the all the stuff my scene in this house is cheap!Not to be mean , kinda.Brats r better bottom line !
 To that kid who wrote `` I wish Bratz would come out with a house cause what kinda house is that?This is so not worth 30 bucks!I rather buy a brat doll with that money!So I think the all the stuff my scene in this house is cheap!Not to be mean , kinda.Brats r better bottom line ! `` I SO TOTALLY AGREE WITH YOU !!! That is all I have to say .
 This was the first Littlest Petshop toy I bought for my daughter . And I have to say I was extremely disappointed . Its like a bunch of old men sat in a board room and designed it w/o ever trying it out ! So many things did n't work as they should have or made no sense . For example , it comes with a little purple stool . But it is rounded and very skinny and none of the animals can sit on it without falling off . The scale is tipped at such an angle that the animals fall out of the basket part . The lizzard 's spots , which are supposed to appear when you hold him on your hand , never did that . They only showed up in the bath tub . And the little drawer to hold the tiny parts does n't stay in , so it gets lost the first day . The only part of this set that was redeeming was the cat who would lick the milk bottle if you put him on the magnetized bed . My little girl had fun with this toy , but only because all new toys are fun . The actual quality and play-ability of this toy is very poor . Like I said , it 's like they got the right idea when they thought it up , but no one actually sat down with the finished product to make sure that it worked ! Cheap Chinese-made junk , in my opinion . Less than a year later , only the little animals are played with .
 I got it cause it i was in my price range and it came VERY fast in Two days.Put it up for her in like two min . But Not that crazy for it now that I got it . Ever time I try to get her to stand with it . it is not much of a support of helping her stand , she goes to the let or right .
 Yesterday the item was delivered to me . It has scratches on its surface . When you inspect the toy you can see its product date is 2006 . So although it is brand new it looks like it is used . So I do n`t like it at all .
 I purchased this in part because I was looking for items made in America . The search criteria was `` made in America toys '' , and this walker was displayed in that section.Fisher-Price Bright Beginnings Activity WalkerHowever , it just arrived and there is a statement on the box , in large , bold type `` MADE IN MEXICO OF COMPONENTS FROM CHINA '' . This is not something I want to give my great-granddaughter , and I feel I have been lied to and conned . In addition , if the child attempts to manipulate the moving parts this must be done from in front - & if the walker has not been folded down by an adult it will likely roll out of the toddler 's grasp & lad the child on his/her face . Not as represented , and not safe .
 This baby walker is cute , but handle falls when baby stands up to use it . Not very interactive either . Baby is able to move it easily though .
 Ok ! so we all love fisher price and I was excited to get a walker for my son - I bought it for him when he was 10 months old and we have had it for one month now . It looks great in the picture BUT its EXTREMELY light weight ... DO NOT BUY THIS !!! its not meant to work as a walker ... when the kid tries to stand up the toys falls over , the kid falls over , and he or she gets hurt . again - its very light weight and cheap ... you are better off getting something heavy and durable ... my son tries to stand up with this toy to practice and he falls over ... the toy cant hold the childs weight ... and my son is not over weight or fat ... just a normal 11 month old baby !
 This toy is NOT sturdy at all . If my child puts any weight on it while pulling up it flips . He has been pulling up and cruising around , even standing unaided a bit for a while . When he uses this it either tips and smacks into him ... or starts rolling ahead of him to fast . If I was n't always right there when we have it out he would probably fall on his face . The activities are n't that fabulous either . When he was a young baby I had it flat so he could play with it . He liked flipping the little flaps back and forth for a few minutes a few different occasions and that was about it . Overall , a waste of money . If I was going to buy an unsturdy activity walker again I would get the vtech one , at least the activities are entertaining .
 This toy is dangerous for babies ! My grandson was pushing it and the handle fell off . He would have fallen had I not been following along with him ! Fisher-Price used to mean quality ! I would NOT recommend this at all ! Shame on you Fisher-Price !
 I would highly advise against this walker , it is so flimsy and poorly constructed , I tossed the ones given to me away right after both of my twins fell over trying to use them . I know the price sounds great , but believe me pay the extra money for your peace of mind . After all , this is for babies , you would think they would use durable , quality plastic .
 I think we bought this too late , our daughter has had no interest in playing with this , would like to return it but do not have original packaging ...
 This is a horrible product ! it is to light weight which causes it to flip over far to easily . within the first ten minets of my daughter playing with it she flipped over rather hard . We made sure every thing on it was ok and locked in place and then she fell over a second time . We even tried weighing it down but again she fell . I 'm glad we have carpet if I had let her use it over a hard wood floor her head could have cracked open !!! please spend the extra money to get a safer walker . Do n't let your baby get hurt . If money is the issue go on -LSB- ... -RSB- or something .
 I bought this walker for my 11 month old son . He walks holding onto furniture all the time . But , he showed no interest in the walker . When he pushes it , the wheels move too fast and he falls . The toys on the front did n't hold his attention either . He played with it once and then did n't touch it again for a month . I ended up returning it and purchasing a different one . He plays with the front of the new one all the time , although the wheels still have the same problem .
 My nephew likes it but it gets boring quickly ... the activities it has are not really to exciting so he gets bored quickly .
 This toy is so light that my daughter often flipped it over while she was learning how to walk . A better design would have been for Fisher Price to bring the back wheels out more for stability and make it a bit heavier - probably $ 1 worth in more materials . Really , Fisher Price ? One lawsuit probably would wipe out any gains from being cheap . I would not buy this toy again and consider it the most dangerous toy we have bought so far .
 Its cheaply made and very light weight product . Its so easy for my baby to tilt this to sides and fall . I am returning this .
 I was excited when my son received this as a gift for Christmas . He is 9 months old and cruising furniture . He loves this walker , however , I am not impressed . It is so light weight that when he just pushes it a little , he can flip it over . I always supervise my son when he is `` walking '' , however , this toy does not seem safe at all . When it is in the locked position , he can also flip it over .
 This is way too unstable for a prewalker . Every time he 'd try to stand up , it would tip over .
 this doll is just a stuffed doll arms and legs are not movable . Its also made in china of course but for some reason the comapny names throws you off as well as a google search for dolls made in america .
 Gave this away as well as a few other toys I bought from Amazon . At the Amazon site , I searched for toys made in America . Bought four toys that came up in this search ... All four were MADE IN CHINA !
 I ordered this doll for my niece , and although the doll itself seems ok , it came packaged in a clear plastic bag with no information at all about the doll . It looks very cheesy ! I 'm so glad I had this sent to my house , rather than directly to my niece . Now , I 'll just have to find a way to repackage the doll so it 'll be gift worthy . I 'll probably just send it back and find something locally .
 That is unless CHINA is now in America.I specifically bought this because Amazon has it listed under its Made in America category and I am trying to purchase gifts made here . I do n't know whose error it is , Amazon or false advertising by North American Bear Company.The doll itself is exactly as pictured and is very nice . It will make a good 1st birthday present for my niece . But now I know that I ca n't trust Amazon with regard to where items are manufactured . I intend to file a complaint with Amazon as well . If you are also trying to shop for American goods be forewarned that this doll is not one of them.Since it has n't been used yet , I ca n't rate it for durability but if it had been made here I would have rated it 5 stars .
 I purchased this North American Bear Company Rosy Cheeks Baby Blonde Boy specifically because it came up under a `` Made in America '' search , but lo and behold , upon delivery , I discover it is MADE IN CHINA ! ARGH !! I am very disappointed in Amazon . The doll is being returned . Truthful origin of manufacture on your website items would be a service to the purchasers who are trying to buy MADE IN AMERICA/MADE IN THE USA products .
 Bought this product because it was listed as Made in USA . It 's NOT . It 's made in China . Do not order this product if you are trying to support made in USA .
 My son got this as a gift for his birthday . The parents that bought it did n't realize the action figures were not included . I have been to most of the area Bix Box retail places and no one sells them . VERY USELESS toy without the figurines . I am taking one more day to look for them , and if no luck , it will be boxed up and returned.This is probably one of the worst marketing schemes I have seen where toys are concerned . How crappy to sell a dueling playset with no people to duel with . Very very stupid in my opinion .
 My son received this toy as a gift from his grandmother for Christmas . She did not realize the action figures were not included . It is just a big plastic boat that requires batteries to do nothing . Looks cool on the box because you think you are receiving a cool pirate toy - not a hunk of cheap plastic . Speaking of cheap plastic , the plastic chipped in two places when we were putting it together . Really poorly made . Stay away from this one - ours is heading into the trash .
 In very , very tiny print on the box , it says `` Figures not included '' . Huh ? Wha ? I bought this item at the store , and never saw it until I opened the box and discovered the problem ... and then I could n't find any figures ! Complete ripoff , unless you already have the figures.Too bad , looks like it could be a fun toy !
 My daughter loved Anna Banana right from the start . She played with it immediately ... however by the time we got to the register she had managed to scratch up her face pretty badly from the velcro that holds the banana peels up . I did complain to the company ... I hope this problem has been resolved . I just removed the velcro .
 I was not happy when my son gave this as a gift to a boy at a party . It broke the first use . I also bought one for my husband . It lasted a little longer then broke after about a week or two . Not satisfied .
 My item was supposedly shipped on Dec. 5th with a delivery estimate of Dec. 10 to Dec. 15 . When it did n't arrive I emailed the seller and have never received a reply . Today is December 20th !! I would never order from them again . I think I will never see the item or my money . I ordered this company 's item through Amazon because I thought it would be safe and fast . Not so much ! ''
 Note that the prices for all of these `` slingshot toys '' are low , but the shipping and handling COST MORE THAN THE ACTUAL TOY . I did n't realize this until it was too late . Rest assured that I would not have paid -LSB- ... -RSB- for a flying frog had I been thinking ; I thought everything I was buying was coming from Amazon and I 'd have a single shipping charge . It was a cute little inexpensive stocking stuffer at -LSB- ... -RSB- , but positively not worth more than that . My fault for not being careful , but CAVEAT EMPTOR .
 This is a great buy for those who like to waste their money on junk from communist China . I would n't even let my dog play with it . The thing sheds all over the place . The frog , not the dog , sheds . Good thing about the price , though , is that you can throw this frog in the trash as soon as you get it without feeling too bad about getting ripped off . Same goes for the Slingshot Flying Monkey .
 While I realize this is a inexpensive toy and the concept is fun , the item is not what I had in mind . Right out of the bag the left rubber band stretched out longer than the right one and stayed that way . The &#34; noise maker &#34; in the body is hard and kind of heavy making this toy not the best for indoor play . Also , out of the first ten or so flings it only croaked maybe once . This is the reason I bought it , I wanted to hear it croak ! I know it sounds stupid but I bought these to hand out at a Christmas party because I thought it would be fun but have decided that these would be dangerous and would hurt someone or something . Two stars instead of one because it might make a nice outdoor pet toy but do n't expect it to last long .
 These toys are fun for about 5 minutes , then the rubber slingshots break . Buying this product is as satisfying and throwing money down a sewer .
 disappointed in this toy it is OK for the price but not much fun . It does not compare to the flyiing Monkey whcih makes a screaming jungle sound vice the croaking sound of a frog . Little used .
 This is a great concept , however the slingshot part of the frog is not very durable . Unfortunatly within a few shots with the frog the feet detached and it is now just a ribbiting flying frog .
 we have the flying monkey ~ FUN AND FUNNY ! ~ and thought the frog would be good too . after just a few minutes of play , the front legs ripped off and the toy came snapping back into the face of my 5 year old . it left a welt and he cried for a while and came very close to his eye . it sounds like this foot ripping off is a common problem ~ i cant believe this company has not discontinued this thing !!
 I bought this toy for my granddaughter , and the first time I used it one of the frog 's front feet came off . I would not recommend this toy to anyone . If I could rate it -5 for durability I would .
 I ordered different animals from Amazon to give to my nieces and nephews at Christmas . The only one to disappoint was the frog ; one `` foot '' fell off after two flings , and my nephew was heartbroken.I gave the educational rating 3 stars ; I do n't consider it an extremely educational toy , but it does require a bit of understanding -LRB- learning to drape the toy over your hand instead of under , and how a slingshot works -RRB-
 I bought this for my 5 year old and we finally threw it about 6 months after we found pieces all over the house and it just was n't played with . When my son did play with it , it would just fall apart . He would get so frustrated that he could n't fix it himself and we got tired of putting it back together . The pieces are supposed to snap together but if bumped , the structure would just fall down . He only played with it for about a half hour and was bored with it - and he is normally very imaginative . For as much space as this takes up and how poorly made it was , I would not recommend it .
 Wished I did not purchase since it comes so easily apart . Not really what I had in mind when I bought .
 In the description , it says that this water tower is 0 scale . I purchased it . Assembly was easy and I started my layout . As I purchased more 0 Scale buildings and started laying down my track , I set the water tower by the track and ran the locomotive by it . One thing is for sure ... this is NOT 0 Scale !!! LOL ! Way too small . I would say that it is HO scale . It is not Amazon 's fault ... it is Bachmann 's fault for selling a product that is not correct scale . Luckily for me , a friend is working on an HO layout and it looks good on it . I recently purchased a Lionel water tower and that is the REAL DEAL !!!!
 this is a great product but it 's packaged wrong it 's ho not o gauge.the box even says o-gauge but like i said it 's HO . still a great product -- just use glue !
 I do not have anything good to say about this item . It looks nothing like what is pictured . The roof and the girders/pillars are molded in brown , while the body of the water tower is molded in gray . Even worse , the whole assembly is very flimsy and will not stay together . Even after applying airplane glue in various places , it still comes apart at the slightest touch . At over $ 14.00 in price , you should get far more for your money . I will not buy anything else from this line of accessories .
 product did n't last long at all . i went back to the maker -LRB- learning journey -RRB- as well as the distributor -LRB- csn stores/toysandgamesonline . com -RRB- and both declined to do anything as it was no longer in production . thank god the intended receiver of this gift is now on to the real thing , but his younger brothers wo n't be able use this product , which is always a consideration , nor will i be able to make any claim -LRB- paypal -RRB- on the good money i 've wasted . bad business leads to no business .
 I bought my son a set of these Pokemon beans to go with his race tracks , and I found out that the Pokemon beans are lighter than the beans that come with the race track and wo n't go down . Not sure what else to do with them if they wo n't work on the tracks ... And one of the beans has already torn around the middle and is threatening to come apart , and I 've had it one day .
 Cute idea as far as puzzles go . My 3 year old is enjoying it . But there is no way to keep the separate magnetic tow truck that comes with it together with the puzzle when not in use , so it keeps getting misplaced . I suppose if child loses the truck part it 's still functional as a traditional puzzle , but I wish they would have thought of a clip to hold the truck/rod or something like that . I might try to fashion something out of velcro .
 We bought one of these about a year ago at a hospital gift shop for my 4 year old , after he had a medical procedure . We got it home and the magnet was so weak , it could n't pick up the cars . My husband bought a set of magnetic chip clips at Target and dissected the magnet out of them and replaced it . Ridiculous . I wish the person in China who decided to save 2 cents per unit had been at my house to explain why the toy we bought him after a traumatic doctor 's office visit did n't work . After modifying it , my son loved it .
 We have several Melissa and Doug puzzles , and this one is definitely our least favorite . If you 're looking for a puzzle where all the pieces fit in all the places , I recommend the fish puzzle with different colors over this one .
 The pool that I bought does not have a drain plug this is very frustrating since this is why I chose this pool .
 This is our second inflatable kiddie pool . Our first -LRB- different product -RRB- lasted 3 years and rather than patch it , we bought this item to replace it -- BIG MISTAKE . The new pool is easier to inflate than our last one , because all of the rings inflate though a single valve , and it 's attractive and a good size , but that 's where my praise stops . The single-valve advantage also has a down-side
 The pool looks nice and is decent size but upon inflating for the first time , I discovered one leak and am aware of a second leak that I can not yet locate . Since I ca n't find the second leak , I fill it , it deflates , and my daughter can not use the pool . Very frustrating . I 've tried contacting customer service from Target , but I get referred to Amazon , and no help has come .
 I bought this pool in April . Set it up the end of May and the first day it was warm enough to use , it got a huge hole in the bottom and deflated . We never did use the pool . What a shame . I hope I can return it .
 I bought this pool because I read in the reviews and the product discription that it has a drainplug , the first one that I ordered did ` nt have a drainplug . Amazon told me to order it again , but the second one did n't have a drainplug too . Now I will send this one back ... again . And I really wa n't to know wich pool all the people ordered who wrote in the review that the pool has a drainplug !!!!!!
 It seems to be a lotto . Some have drain plug , some do not . But the description states there is one . Very frustrating . Amazon customer service was amazing and refunded me in full .
 I had to stop and write a review - as adorable as this set is , it 's SOOOOO not well put together . It ended up in the trash because this whole set was n't durable enough to play with . Everytime you move it it falls apart .
 ... okay , I know it 's a rigid airship and not a blimp , but this model is soooo unbelievably small that I could n't resist . The product dimensions given are for the box , not the model , the model itself is literally thumb-size , so it ca n't even be displayed . Disappointing . Does n't anyone make a reasonably sized model that is n't $ 500 ?
 The product was delivered on time and in good condition , but was so small that it would be of little use or fun .
 I received this item with box all riped up . It has poor packaging so the item is not 100 % protected . The corners all damaged . I bought this item for Christmas so I can not return it because it will be too late to get a new item back in time . I wish they would have put better packaging since the delivery people do n't care about how to handle items . Otherwisw the table is ok .
 We are on our second table ! -LRB- the first table is pending return . -RRB- On both tables the holes drilled did not match the holes in the table top to keep the table together . The first table has a bent up corner . The second one is getting some new holes drilled in it to keep it together as I type -LRB- second table also has some dings -RRB- . Not impressed ! To top that off they are half price now . Do you have a guess why that might be ?
 I read all the negative reviews on this table and decided to go ahead and order hoping I would get lucky and not have all the problems the other customers had . DO N'T DO IT ! The table arrived poorly packaged and beat up just as the others here have described . One corner of the table top was bashed in , another piece of wood was split , the green paint from the table top rubbed off onto the white table leg , and edge of the other table leg was dented in revealing the plywood underneath the paint . This is a very CHEAP table - cheaply constructed of plywood . It is functional , but just not very attractive since it arrives already damaged . Just beware before you buy that you will more than likely be getting a banged up train table .
 Received item in terrible packing , slight damage , missing all screws . Hard to put together a table with no screws ! Amazon customer service was nice enough , but still no screws . Sending back is going to cost as much as the table . In addition , manufacturer contact information is nonexistant . I guess you get what you pay for .
 We purchased this table on Dec 18 when it was a lightening deal . Amazon provided excellent service as usual , and the item arrived on Dec 19 with our Prime shipping . The packaging was by far not the first grade -LRB- thin cardboard box only -RRB- , but we were lucky enough not getting any damage like some other reviewers mentioned.However , once the table was assembled , we noticed a significant design / production flaw with this table
 Okay this table is perfect for my daughters Little People , but the packaging that it came in was horrible . When I received this item on my door step , there was a hole at the bottom of the package and it was missing 9 screws . So I had to go to Home Depot and find some similar just so that I could put it together . After all that hassle was said and done , this table is good ... my daughter LOVES it .
 After reading the reviews on this table we thought we would gamble . We were very disappointed . The packaging arrived torn and open in several places . Only a few screws came with the table , not that this made much difference as there were table parts missing too . The parts that did arrive were chipped practically in every corner and the paint rubbed off . Amazon were efficient in having the item picked up for return and refund .
 The packaging for this product is unacceptable . The first table I received was completely beat up/busted on every corner . I sent it back only to recieve a second one in the same condition ... poorly packaged and damaged beyond use . I did n't even have to take it out the box ... the damage was visible through the broken packaging everywhere . The price with free shipping is the catch , but it is a game to see what you 'll get . I guess this is why they are $ 49.99 . You 're lucky if you get one you can use . I was not lucky .
 I read all the negative reviews of the packaging , but decided to risk ordering it anyway.The reviews are spot on . The packaging for this item is awful - it 's probably the most poorly packaged item I 've ever received.The cardboard is too thin to hold materials of this weight . A few thin sheets of styrofoam are n't enough to keep the contents of the box from shifting it around . Two corners of the box were torn wide open , and most of the hardware -LRB- which was not even in the small provided ziplock bag -RRB- had been lost in transit.The wood pieces themselves were intact , but I now have no way of putting the table together without the missing pieces , and my son 's birthday is in 4 days.I called Amazon 's customer service , and their solution is to ship me out another table . I 'd prefer that they just ship out a bag of assembly hardware , but they 're not able to do that . So now I wait for another table and have to deal with sending this one back.The table itself appears to be of nice , sturdy quality , so my beef is mostly with the packaging - which deserves zero stars .
 because I had to return it . The packaging was flimsy - the box arrived really chewed up , and the table and legs were n't packed well at all . The top had two huge gouges in it , and the legs were beat up . It was also missing five screws , and the ones that did make it through transit had just been tossed into the box . Had it been packed better -LRB- and arrived without damage -RRB- I would have kept it .
 I ordered the table despite the awful reviews I read . I thought I would be the lucky customer that actually got a great table ! I was wrong . The table came in a package that had holes all over it and an entire side of the table was smashed in . We refused it from UPS and sent it back . Luckily , after I contacted amazon , I recieved a full refund in about 2 weeks . Do not order this item . It is just a HUGE hassle !
 This product arrived with none of the hardware needed to assemble . The table itself looked as if was used or returned for being substandard . All in all , not a good experience . I will not purchase anything from this seller again
 ok i am glad someone got theres right for christmas , cause i cant afford a thomas train table and was getting the best i could , and of course the table was shipped right at christmas so i didnt have time to return it or my son would have had no christmas . for the company that ships this to charge me 43.77 for shipping then screw it up worse than anything i have ever seen . that needs to be fixed , and of course it was well send it back well that close to christmas no way my son was going to get a present christmas morning . i had to go to find hardware to put it together with and then go and fix the holes to match the hardware cause no one where i live had exactly what i needed . i contacted amazon and there only help was well ship it back , well with 43.77 the first time it shouldnt have gotten screwed up . i am going to write the company and let them know i already wrote to amazon and they werent much help . i always buy things on amazon so i was extremely disappointed in this .
 I bought this cart and register for my -LSB- ... -RSB- year old daughter for Christmas . She just loves it ! She likes to set up the `` groceries '' around the house and then take her shopping cart or basket around to pick out her groceries . She likes to talk on the cash register 's microphone and loves that the scanner really beeps . The register is kind of small and the billed money has to be folded to fit in the drawer , but otherwise we were very pleased . She can play for hours !
 It is sturdy for children but the paint is chipping off already and they have just had it since Christmas so I am not happy at all about that . It already looks like it is at least 2 years old !!!!!
 Not to impressed with this company . 3rd item I have bought and the table top had to be reglued and screwed . Also the table top had major horizontal cracks . I do n't believe they check their quality of their products .
 This was a disaster before I even opened the box hardware was falling out of the box , did open the box on Christmas Eve to put together for my son and it looks like he has had it for 10 years the table has a piece completly broken off , one corner is bent completly over , the paint on all the pieces are is worn and missing hardware , very dissapionted in this product and company will never order any thing from Beck again I should have looked at it before Christmas Eve but was trying to keep it out of sight now it looks like I am going to be scrambling around on Christmas Eve trying to find a replacement if there was a way to rate this with no stars I would have
 I purchased this table and chair set expecting a nice wooden table that was durable and would last a few years and normal wear and tear from a child . Upon recieving the package today -LRB- 10/20/10 -RRB- I opened it and started putting it together , the table surface was scratched , the paint and wood was chipped in multiple places , it looks like the table was glued together , the table legs did not match up to the pre-drilled holes causing the wood to crack when the screws were tightened . I would be embarassed to give this table to my godchild for his birthday which was the original plan . Needless to say I 'm very unsatisfied and will be returning this product !
 This was the worst product I have ever received from amazon . This product had pieces missing and could not be put together . The size was not represented correctly . Overall I was very disappointed .
 When I saw this I decided to buy in a second . It is made up of cheap quality wood . Its paint was coming off at the moment when it comes but due to appearence my 1 and 2 yrs old daughters loves it . I would not recommend this to buy .
 I bought this for my husband who , like me , is a crossword nut . I figured it would be more fun for him than printing out the daily crossword off the computer . Unfortunately , it 's difficult and time consuming to figure out how to use it and so , sadly , it sits in a drawer unused .
 Where do I begin ? I had high hopes for this . My 3year old was excited for it . When it arrived , I was even heartened by the `` made in the USA '' sign . But it is CHEAP ! The plastic pieces were all bent in the box , which was only partially fixable during assembly . The parts come stuck together with plastic that needs to be broken off . It 's impossible to break off the plastic nubs cleanly - they 're sharp ! I had to cut them off with a box cutter . The item is only 1 shade of pink and not 2 like the photos show . It 's flimsy and not as nice looking as the photos appear when assembled . My 3 year old thinks it 's ok . I give it two stars instead of one because my 18 month old likes it a lot .
 I gave this 2 stars because it took 3 hours to assemble . I was dissapointed to see the plastic is very thin and cheap . Not as sturdy as the picture makes it look ... so much so , that there was a plastic piece that was already broken when we opened the box ! There are also very sharp `` knobs '' on the edges of each piece that actually cut my finger . All the pieces are stuck together with these `` knobs '' so you have to dissasemble each and every piece before you put it together , which leaves the sharp knobs still attached . My daughter loves it , however and this was her favorite gift this year for Christmas . Overall , I would NOT recommened this product . Get something more sturdy .
 The box has a trillion pieces in it . All of the pieces -LRB- plastic -RRB- are bent so screwing them into each other is nearly impossible . It was bought to give as a gift , we did n't give it to her because we could n't get it together -LRB- And we 've assembled a ton of toys/furniture in our time -RRB- . The doors that you see with the little heart handles are just sitting in there and moving the thing will cause them to fall off .
 I normally do n't have any problems putting things together . I actually find it a complete joy to put a toy together for my children . let me tell you , if i had any kind of punishment for the bad things I 've done in life - I 've paid for them dearly by having to put this nursery together . Why in the world would you have over 50 pieces of plastic held together by 10,000 screws ??? Not only are these screws in the most obscure places but it takes about 40lbs of torque to get them in . I 've scraped my knuckles less putting in a new AC compressor on my vehicle - took less time too . I 'm not a whiner and I hate to complain but HOLY COW - let me put it to you this way , if i ever find the guy or girl that designed this thing , I 'm going to punch them straight in the throat .
 Let me preface this by saying I am an engineer who has finished my own basement , installed bathrooms , wired anything . . This monster had 60 separate plastic pieces to put together - first time I saw a toy like this with a recommendation '' power screwdriver suggested '' -- the little play hand shower sprayer alone was 6 separate pieces ... Some of the plastic was slightly deformed which made lining up the holes a real thrill-so one of the doors does n't close properly . . and one hole did not survive - epoxy cement was needed to repair that one.I am sure my grand-daughter will like it - after an hour and a half of assembly , she had better ! < G > . . OOPSS - spoke too soon about the epoxy repair - this is made out of one of those plastics that epoxy does not adhere too - if superglue does n't work I 'll drill a hole and secure it with a machine screw and nut ...
 This was SOOO difficult to assemble , took forever . So many pieces of plastic and so confusing . It also looks pretty cheap . However , my girls love playing with it , so I am going to give this one to a friend , and instead just purchased the better looking , better quality white wood baby doll high chair and crib on amazon .
 Took me over 1.5 hours to build this toy . There are so many pieces and almost all of them needed to be screwed into place . The material is very flimsy and not durable ... overall very cheap . Each of the small pieces comes together on a grid like system ... all of the pieces are attached by more plastic that you need to either cut or twist to get off . Which in turn leaves tiny pieces of plastic sticking out on the sides of the small parts . These are very sharp and need to be filed down so your little one does n't scratch them self . My daughter does enjoy playing with this toy ... but I would not recommend it . I would have rather spent a little bit more money on a better made product .
 Took 2 hours to assemble . Pieces are molded to each other and have to be pulled apart -LRB- creating sharp edges -RRB- and then assembled . Very short for my 5 year old who loves dolls . Cute monitor . She likes the cupboards and the pretend sink . The cradle is very small and only fits small dolls . A disappointment .
 This toy came in so many pieces . It took my husband at least an hour to put it together . It was hard to screw some of the parts as they are plastic and bendable . My kids have not played with it much . I paid about $ 47.00 for this and saw it at Big Lots later for $ 20 !
 I love the idea of this toy , but I have been extremely frustrated trying to assemble it -LRB- I 'm on day two and at least hour four -RRB- . Its not that the directions are n't good , but there are a million parts and they are all stuck together with plastic pieces that leave very sharp nobs on the toy when you separate them . I am afraid my girls are going to cut themselves on the plastic pieces while playing with this toy . Its also very difficult to get the pieces to line up properly so doors are askew even before the kids start to play with it . : -LRB-
 So we had this toy for about 2 years , and with in a week of having it , the drawer and one leg broke . My child was not hard on it , barely used it . It was waaaaaaaaaaaay cheap which is why I got it on clearance for five dollars at another store . NOT worth the money in my opinion . It looks cute , a good size for lil kiddos , lots of items , but really cheap quality . Good luck with this product .
 Bought the crib for my daughter for Christmas for $ 20 . I honestly would not have paid $ 5 if I would have been able to see it -LRB- not inside the box -RRB- . Please dont waste your $ like I did ...
 Although my girls love this toy , I think it 's cheaply made and has already broke in several places . The concept and idea would be great if it was n't made out of cheap plastic . I 'd even pay more to have it better quality .
 First off it comes in a hundred plastic pieces that you have to cut apart . Some of the pieces are kinda sharp and can cut while assembling . Its made very cheap compared to other baby cribs out there for around the same price . The directions are n't horrible but had to use the colored picture on the box to figure some parts out . The doors are n't the easiest or very quiet to open so if you have a spouse or siblings napping it might wake them up . It takes up a lot of space but is very short . My 3 year old loved it for about a week and now has no intrest in it . Im just going to give it to our local budget center and buy a wooden crib like the Badger or Mellisa and Doug versions .
 Look for something better quality ... this is the cheapest thing ever ! Yes the pieces are all attached and it 's a pain to tear them off ... it 's also time consuming and flimsy , things do n't fit together and it very difficult to get all the screws in properly . I am so frustrated and very disappointed , i should 've spent the extra cash on a wooden set ... this one is not worth it .
 Although the toy is very nice , I had the bad luck that poorly packed , I bought two , one for my daughter and one for my niece , the box of toys not packed well , so that the toy will hit and damage .
 I got half way through assembling and the bits started to snap , this is a cheap toy that breaks easily I am contacting the supplier to complain - TOTAL JUNK
 Well , I bought this one on sale because I love the blue Cookie Monster that 's kind of similar to this one . But it 's not as much fun as the Cookie monster . My son pretty much ignores it . I would recommend getting the Cookie monster instead .
 We have the Tickle Me Elmo and our 21 month old loves it , so my husband ordered Tickle Me Ernie thinking it 'd make a great addition . Ack ! Ernie scared the crap out of our son ! Unlike Elmo , he does n't have a cute little laugh and shake . Tickle Me Ernie is , for lack of a better word , possessed . He spins on the floor and shakes like he 's having a seizure , then jumps back up , freaking the hell out of you . Perhaps this is just me . It looks like lots of other reviewers here love this thing . But my idea of fun -LRB- and my son 's , apparently -RRB- , is not epilepsy Ernie .
 My 2 year old daughter was very excited to play with her new guitar , but as she reached for it while the guitar arm was wiggling , the plastic hinges on the guitar gave her a very bad pinch and black and blue mark ! This is not a safe toy .
 Once we got the toy home , it never worked as well as it did in the package in the store . It falls down very easily and we have stable , hardwood floors . The batteries die more quickly than you could imagine . I ca n't wait to take this to a resale shop . Hopefully , it can find a home where it is n't just taking up precious space .
 I was going to buy this for my boy who lives for two things
 My little boy loves it however it does not stand on it 's own to well . Unless it is on an extremely flat surface ! He loves eo dance with it but once it fall over he is not to interested .
 Loud , noisy , no volume control , buttons respond as they are pressed , meaning you can interrupt any noise/song with another with just a push . The noise that comes from the thing is grating , moronic , and incessant . On the plus side , I got to show the kids some old footage of The Who and just happened to have the guitar on hand for emulation purposes .
 There are plenty of ` Shut the Box ' games available for half the price or less but I was looking for better quality and was willing to spend more . Shipping was superb and the game was beautifully wrapped in special paper and I thought what a lovely gift this was going to be . Unfortunately the craftsmanship of the game itself was severely disappointing and will be keeping the game because it would be too embarrassing to give to someone else . The quality of the catalog that came enclosed far exceeded that of the game .
 I got this for my friends child who `` needed '' it for Christmas and after jumping hoops , paying next day delivery , waiting for a `` delay in your order '' and finally shipping it to England -LRB- where they were out of them for toddlers -RRB- , it did arrive in time for Christmas . Do n't know anything about the `` joy '' , `` durability '' , of `` hours of entertainment '' BUT , it says it 's recommended for age 3 and up . I did doubt this as the size is 7-8 , but , hey , I did n't think I was the expert . My friends child could never be described as average build even for a 3 yr old . He 's a big boy and this will not fit him for at least another 2 years according to my friend . But the mask says size 3 and that 's perfect . They might need to get their sizing revisited . And , the belt buckle was not in the package . So , it huge and they ca n't even buckle it !! I 'm giving it one star because he 'll probably not be able to use it at all .
 My daughter received this doll for her 4th birthday party . Everytime we visited the toy store we had to pry the doll out of her hands so you can imagine how happy she was to receive this doll . The doll is cute and I do love the functions however the head on this doll is made out of this squishy/rubbery material . After playing with the doll 3 OR 4 times the doll appeared very dirty and you CAN NOT clean this material . To top it off my daughter was fascinated by the squishy/rubbery head and was constantly pulling at facial features , she pulled on the nose and it came right off !! There is no way to fix this . Please Please do not waste money on this doll . Stick with the baby born , we 've enjoyed that doll for over two years . It alot more durable !
 Like many of the other reviewers my daughter just HAD to have this doll -LRB- even though we already have Baby Annabelle -RRB- . Within 3 or 4 times of playing with her , yes she became dirty , but more surprisingly her eye lids began to crack and actually flake off in chunks ! A doll of this expense should be more cost effective than 10 bucks per play session ! I eventually simply put her away out of fear of an accident waiting to happen . Did Zapf Creations do ANY marketing or trials with REAL kids ? I bet not ...
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . The face is a lint magnet . The dog walks by and the doll needs a bath . It is not interactive . It just goes through a babble , crying , staring cycle . The doll never sleeps -LRB- closes eyes -RRB- as its supposed to . The only thing positive is daughter potty trained to get this doll . Fortunatley , I can take it back for a better doll and daughter will still be potty trained . Keep your money and stay away from this doll .
 To my opinion chou chou is a great doll . But this one looks like it came out of space im 12 and still play with dolls but this one I think is not good . On the computer its cute but when it gets home its how should i put this ... U.G.L.Y. . We ordered it from the computer at my grandmas and we returned it the next day . I would choose a diferent doll from chou chou.The thigs the made it ugly1 -RRB- it look like it had surgery on the top of its haed if you take the hat off .2 -RRB- its face is not cute it looks like it had a fight3 -RRB- lint gets stuck on its face so easy you can clean your house with its face.theres alot more resons just look for your selfjust not worth your money unless its at the dollar storeThe good thing its educational it will prepare a kid for takeing care of a baby . But other dolls will to the same with better looks.Hope the reveiw was clear and helpful ; - -RRB-
 I bought this doll for as a xmas gift for my daughter , it 's performnce compared to baby annabelle and rock a bye chou chou was negative -1 , we tried several ways to get her to kick her legs -LRB- no luck -RRB- , you can barely hear her cries , so she was returned the next day . We decided to just keep the other two , since they perform sooooo much better . I think the doll is overpriced .
 It would have been helpful if this was indicated in the item description by the seller . The company who makes these has advised on their websites that these toys have been discontinued and naming the stars is no longer an option . It 's the whole reason I got this stuffed animal and we are very disappointed .
 I can not believe that you are taking such advantage of parents - this toy is about $ 10 in most stores . I suppose if someone is dumb enough to spend this much - they deserve it , however ...
 i purchased this toy for my 4 year old daughter and as she was playing with it the dolls arms and legs were falling off .
 This was on the top of my 4 year olds Christmas list . As soon as she opened it , Icy 's hair fell off ! Then a two legs of two dolls . Luckily we had gotten some of the bigger dolls so she had other Winx stuff to play with .
 I bought this for my 4 1/2 year old daughter . She plays with it and seems to enjoy the castle but the arms & legs on the dolls continuously fall off ! It is cheaply made .
 My daughter truly loves this toy . Unfortunately , the fairy dolls themselves kept falling apart all the time . I attempted to play with my daughter with them , and the limbs fell off in my hands too . If your into constant repairing and needing to run to your daughter 's aid to fix this toy , then its right up your alley ! If not , then I would n't bother .
 My 4 year old girl loves the TV show . But all the Winx toys by Mattel leave both of us fustrated . The dolls hands are in such odd positions to make it nearly impossible to get them through the sleeves of their outfits without putting a lot of stress on the seams and material . The outfits are not well made and began falling apart after 3 months of normal play -LRB- this goes for the extra outfits you can buy as well -RRB- . The mini dolls are constantly needing to be glued back together with super glue . The Alfea College playset keeps comming apart as well . We have already had to replace dolls and clothing -LRB- were are about to get a third ! Musa doll -RRB- . It is frustrating to play with these toys because they keep breaking and are hard to dress -LRB- even for a 30 yr . old -RRB- . I would give a 0 star review for durability and but that 's not an option.I 'm about to purchase some of the italian made Winx dolls to see if they are more durable . We are extra careful with the Mattel Winx toys ! I do n't let my child play with them by herself because they frustrate her and break so easily!mudyfoot , mom in Dallas , Tx
 We got our 6yr old daughter the Alfea College playset . She is not even able to play with the dolls for 15 minutes straight without an arm falling off . We have also had a problem with one of the dolls hair falling off.This set may work well for someone who wants to put it on display , but it is definitely not a good toy for children to play with .
 Great idea and the castle is great - but the dolls are horrible . Arms and hair fall off every two minutes . Wish they would replace them with working dolls . Not worth the money since my daughter will only use winx dolls with the castle and they keep falling apart .
 I bought the playset in early Sept. 2005 . My 2 girls love to play with it , but I am snapping the arms back into place constantly . I am very disappointed with the quality . It is also a choking hazard for youngsters !
 I do n't recommend anyone getting this product !! Within 5 minutes of having it , two of the dolls arms came off !! I thought this was terribly made and a waste of money
 Ok , so I bought the Video Now for my 3 1/2 year old and she treated it like gold , literally . She was so careful with it and it was easy to use , but the quality was terrible . After using it for 1 month , I had to keep changing the batteries after a 10 minute car ride to school . Brand new batteries would n't last more than 10 minutes , no joke . I contacted the manufacturer and they offered to send me a new one if I send back the old one . While Hasbro was wonderful about replacing the Video Now player , the replacement was not as wonderful . The replacement player would work fine for about 1 minute ; after that , the picture starts to jump and you hear tons of static . I paid full price for this last christmas and it is a joke . I ended up buying an inexpensive portable DVD player and it 's worth every penny . No wonder the price has dropped on the Video now players and I see many stores placing it in the clearance bins ! NOT WORTH THE MONEY !!!!
 I have 3 year old and 2 year old boys . I bought them each a Video Now Jr. . PVD -LRB- paying $ 69.99 rather than $ 49.99 for the older child version of the PVD player because the ` Jr. ' was touted as more durable -RRB- . My boys are VERY active , rarely sit still for a few minutes . They have been getting up at 5:30 a.m. for the past few months and I thought they may actually watch the PVD in their rooms and let me stay in bed a short time longer -LRB- I have a 5 week old so I am up several times at night -RRB- . For 4 days and nights , my boys actually played with this toy - even if just for 15 minutes here and there . My husband and I were thrilled that they actually played with one of their Xmas toys . HOWEVER , on the fourth day , one of my sons said his was broken - and it was . Although there was sound , there was no picture . Fifteen minutes later , the same thing happened to my other son 's PVD.Needless to say , this blows !!!! It is upsetting to the kids , and to me - -LSB- ... -RSB- For those review readers who are ready to attempt purchasing this anyway , I will say that unlike reviews previously written , ours did not skip , nor did the batteries die quickly - -LRB- instead the picture just faded away - so it is more of a Personal Listening Machine !! -RRB-
 If I could give this toy a ZERO MINUS on durability , I would . I have a 2 year old daughter for whom I bought this toy . My daughter watched it all of 20 min before she sat it on the living room table and permanent lines began to come across the screen . We took the batteries out and put them back in ... same thing . Are they kidding me when they say this toy is durable for preschoolers !!! Blow your breath on the damn thing and it will skip ... -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- . The sound quality sucks , and really the picture is n't the best either -LRB- but both are suitable for a toddler -RRB- . Apparently these toys are defective seeing how the problem appears to be across the board . No wonder this thing is no longer being sold in stores . Buy one you 'll see for yourself .
 What a pile of junk , just sitting on a table it will skip . This is the worse thing I have ever bought for our son . The sound is very poor as well , it is very distorded . I will be returning this thing back to the store in the morning .
 We purchased this toy for our 3-year old daughter for Christmas and am very disappointed with it 's performance . She loved it and played with it for awhile until it started to skip and get stuck . The screen gets all fuzzy and it makes a scratching noise . Then the video stops . All this toy is doing is frustrating her and myself . After spending about $ 75.00 for the toy itself and about $ 60.00 on videos , which were extremely difficult to find , I find myself at a great loss . Even if I return the video player , I am still out the cost of the videos . Most of the videos had to be purchased on E-bay because they were so difficult to find in the stores . I am very disappointed because my daughter really seems to love this toy when it is working properly . Another downfall is that this toy eats up batteries . The three batteries only last about 5 hours . I think the manufacturer should have tested this product a little bit better before putting it out on the shelves for Christmas . It is certainly not durable enough to withstand a 3-year old 's daily activity . They should definately recall it and try to improve it . Great idea but horrible -LRB- and costly -RRB- product outcome .
 I brought this toy thinking a portable DVD for kids , Great ! Now I can enjoy my t.v without being interruppted by the Wiggles . But to my suprise the toy was very durable but what child will sit still to watch it . It skips like crazy . All that this toy needs to be perfect is a charger and ANTI-SKIP . Who forgot ANTI-SKIP ? Was they trying to be funny ? It is a kids toy from ages 3 and up . Who 's has a child from the ages 3 and up that sits still ?
 We bought this for our almost 3 year old son for Christmas . He absolutely loves it , when it works that is ! About 10-15 minutes into watching it , the sound goes scratchy and the picture scrambles and eventually stops . When I called Hasbro , they suggested totally removing the batteries and reinstalling them . I tried that , and it did n't work . According to other parent reviews , lots of people are having the same problem . We are going to exchange ours for a new one to see if maybe there is just a bad batch of them out there . If the new one still does n't work , we will have one disappointed little boy .
 Just wanted to warn everyone that the purple and yellow Video Now Jr. like the one my daughter got for Christmas of '04 may not be replaced by the company if it is defective . Our 's worked barely a month when it quit detecting the disk . I mistakingly thought it just needed better batteries and shelfed it for a while . When I called the company about the problem , I was told it was no longer under warrenty . Better keep your reciept guys , because Wal-Mart is more likely to stand behind this product than Playschool .
 My daughter was very excited to receive this - VERY excited - it was going to be for use in the car - long commutes - it SOMETIMES works OK , other times it skips , says no disk etc. . I even gave her a pillow to put on her lap to stop the bumps , also the resolution on the screen is VERY POOR . for a 70 dollar item , the resolution should be better , the picture quality should be better and this should not skip as often as it does . Instead of this item , I suggest a portable DVD player
 I bought this toy based on the reviews and I am not to happy with this toy at all . My daughter loves it but I think that Video Now Jr makers should have a little more consideration on the parents when making this toys , since we are the ones that are going to pay for it . VIDEO NOW JR. . DO NOT HAVE AN OUTLET FOR AN AC ADAPTER LIKE THE REGULAR VIDEO NOWs DO !!!! PARENTS PLEASE BE ADVISED YOU REALLY NEED TO STOCK UP ON BATTERIES IF YOU ARE GOING TO BUY THIS ITEM . The batteries drain VERY !!!!! Fast . My daughters Video Now Jr. will be on ebay in a day or two if I can not find the reciept to take it back to the store .
 We bought two of these for our toddlers -LRB- 2 1/2 and 4 years old -RRB- . I was very disappointed at the picture quality and how quickly it uses the batteries . Both of them required new batteries after only a couple of hours of viewing . I would not recommend this for toddlers . Older children may have more patience with the picture skipping , etc. . Good Luck !
 We bought two video now Colors , and a video Now Jr. for our kids , thinking it would be fun for the car . However with standard alkaline batteries not one of them lasts for more than 5 minutes . I spent money on the more expensive -LRB- M3 -RRB- batteries , and they seem to last longer . However at $ 9 a pack that seems a bit pricey , even the rechargables do n't hold up well in the player .
 This product is acceptable for preschoolers and younger childeren and can withstand whatever they throw at it . If your child is 4 or older , and listens reasonibly well to directions , I would reconsider this purchase and consider getting a portable DVD player . The limited variety of discs available for this player and their increased cost make this item not as attractive an option as a portable DVD player . Also , if your children are fans of Disney Channel , none of their favorite shows are available in this playing format . My daughter enjoyed watching shows she typically does n't see , but , with the exception of Clifford , the shows were not entertaining after seeing them 5 times . Most of the shows are ideal for 30 minute drives , so keeping a few on hand -LRB- in the case is ideal -RRB- is preferrable .
 I 'll admit my kid is younger than the suggested age for these ... he just turned 2 ... but I 'm sure I 'm not the only parent thinking this looks like a good way to keep toddlers entertained . ; - -RRB- MAYBE you 'd have better luck with an older child . Bear that in mind.I bought a bunch of Color Wonder markers , paints , paper , and coloring books back in August when we were flying from CA to MI . I thought it would keep my kid occupied on the plane . It did n't ... but that 's another story.We got all this stuff out again recently thinking he might be more into it . He seems to like the markers now , more or less . But not the paint.The problem with the color wonder stuff in general is , it takes time for the color to appear on the page . It 's a very weird sensation ... you are coloring with a marker and nothing is happening . The color starts to appear in about a second , but it takes a few seconds for the colors to * fully * develop . The paints seem to take longer to develop than the markers.The other problem with the paints is they are really soft . Kind of like a tub of lip gloss ... very tempting for little fingers to dig around in . It seems my kid gets more fun out of digging in the paint than he does painting with these.I am thinking an older child * might * be inclined to paint rather than dig . But then I am thinking an older child could be trusted better with normal paints so why would you get these in that case anyway?The time delay plus squish factor made these a big disappointment for us . Your milage may very and it 's not like you 're going to need to take out a second mortgage to try these out . They 're cheap enough . If they 're a hit , great . If they flop , not a huge deal.I suggest the markers over the paints , though.And I suggest the plain paper over the coloring books , FWIW . The coloring books are kind of weird in that only the area inside the lines defining the picture can be colored . At least with the books we have . Say you have a picture of a seal . You can only color inside the seal . You ca n't draw a fish or a ball or your name or anything outside the seal , because only the paper inside the drawing is coated with whatever it is that makes the Color Wonder colors show up . The coloring books are n't terrible ... it 's just kind of weird/frustrating that you CA N'T color outside the lines . Sometimes you want to add a little extra .
 I bought this for my daughter who is three . She loves to finger paint , and I thought that this would minimize the mess . Wrong !!! It was just as bad , if not worse , since the colors do n't show up -- cleaning is no easy task . As other readers said , it 's like painting with Vaseline . We had to SCRUB my daughter to get this stuff off , and wash and rewash her hair -LRB- she scratched with icky , greasy fingers -RRB- . The kitchen table was a greasy mess , and the paint box was a greasy mess . The colors on paper were pretty , but after leaving them to dry out for a day , which they did n't , the counter was a greasy mess too.I 'm very disappointed , as I do like Crayola 's products , but this should be taken OFF of the market .
 What a mess ! These paints are basically like vasoline . Greasy and very messy . Then , to make matters worse , my daughter made me some beautiful pictures to hang on the fridge , and after a day or two , everything bled together and the picture was pretty much gone . Not to mention it looked disgusting . The color wonder markers are okay , but the soft sticks are a joke too .
 Although Crayola is a wonderful brand , I was not impressed with their Color Wonder fingerpaints . The time between when my children put it on the paper and the time it actually appears is too long for them , and they get frustrated . It is very hard to keep their attention long enough to make an entire picture . Also , it is not `` mess free . '' The paints are very greasy and you end up cleaning it off of everything they touch -LRB- other than paper -RRB- anyways . I did not like how mushy the paint was ... I am still finding globs of it everywhere !
 We had moderate success with the Color Wonder markers , and made the next logical leap to the paints . DO N'T DO IT ! First of all , your child will start out by digging their fingers all the way into the paint - it 's just human nature - so the paints are used up very fast . They 'll empty the little troughs within a half an hour.Secondly , these paints are almost messier than colored paints . These are n't the hard-until-you-wet-them kinds of paints you 're used to . These are soft paints all the way through , with the consistancy of ChapStick , and just as greasy.After rubbing the paints all over the paper , the paper is left with a heavy , greasy , transparent feel - days later , the paper 's still not dry . Weeks and months later , the paper is still too disgusting to pick up . Yuck!I agree with prior reviews which site a child 's lack of creativity , etc. , but I think it 's okay to just be messy sometimes . Having said that , this is just TOO messy and yucky to deal with . Go get some water color pencils or better yet , stick with grade-school acrylics .
 This stuff is greasy and hard to wipe off tables and fingers . It 's good for older kids who can keep their fingers on the paper but not good for little ones who smush their fingers into the wax and get it all under their finger nails on the table , chairs and walls .
 A warning for all parents
 Using the Color Wonder Finger Paints is basically like dipping your hand in Vaseline . It 's greasy , hard to wash off , and stains . I would never buy this again nor for anyone else . I strongly urge against purchasing this product . Crayola , shame on you !
 Overall my kids enjoy playing with set . However , for the amount of money spent , I would expect higher quality . The track comes in pieces that connect together , but they never stay connected and if they are not completely together smoothly , the horses have a hard time moving over the cracks . Also , the little jockey 's that ride the horses while cute , easily fall to one side of the horse which in turn makes the horse either not run as fast or fall over on that side . Also , one of the four horses that come with the set must have bad wiring or something because it only worked one time . I think it would be a great toy if it worked properly the majority of the time , but we spend more time fixing the track and helping the horses over `` troubled spots '' and making sure all the gates open at the start of the race then we do just sitting back and enjoying the kids play with it . I really thought this would be a neat set for the kids , -LRB- which it would be if it was not made so poorly -RRB- perhaps I just was unlucky and got the one `` dud '' , but if I knew about these problems prior to purchase , I would have made a different choice . I hope I am the only one with these problems because the set is fun to play with when everything is as it should be ... . but unfortunately those times are few and far between .
 I bought these figures , thinking they were Christmas ornaments . I was a bit surprised that they had clip on key ring attachments . No problem , simply remove the key rings and put ornament hangers on them.These `` ornaments '' would be great bits of nostalgia , except they forgot to include Linus . They include a piano , but no Linus . Imagine , a Charlie Brown Christmas with nobody to play the carols.All in all , they rate a 2 for the silly key rings and no Linus . If marketed as ornaments and had a Linus , they would get 5 stars !
 I bought these for my 6 year old daughter for Christmas . Since there were n't any other reviews , I was n't sure how good these would be . If you are buying these for `` pretend play '' , then they are okay . However , if you are buying these as actual walkie talkies -LRB- like I intended -RRB- , then they do not work properly . You have to be within about 25 feet of one another to hear the morse code work . If you are any distance further than 25 feet , then you can not hear anything at all . As for actually hearing any speaking , forget it ! If you breathe into the speaker , you can hear that , but actual speaking does not work at all . I 'm very disappointed with this product and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 We received the toy and went out to get the 9-volt batteries immediately because my 6 year old wasvery anxious to play with them . Nothing we did would make the walkie talkies work . Needless to say , we wasted good money on a toy that never worked .
 I purchased the `` Barbie '' version of these walkie talkies , and they simply do n't work . Having tried two different sets of the the Little Tikes Chit Chat Phone -LRB- another dud -RRB- , I purchased these walkie talkies hoping for better results . They were a total waste of money . We never could get them to transmit , and they went straight back to the store .
 I would n't waste your money . These have no reception , the volume is non-existent , if you can hear anything over the static . spend just a few dollars more and get real ones from the outdoor store . My daughters were so upset that they could n't even use them . Do n't buy these is my only advice !
 Walkie Talkie a complete waste of money . I waited a long time for delivery and was very disapointed . Not worth the money !
 My daughter received this toy recently for her birthday . She went into her bedroom , and her dad was in the kitchen - a matter of 25 feet . We turned the volume all the way up on both handsets , and we could n't hear anything . My daughter was so disappointed b/c she had wanted this toy for a while . My advice - do n't buy this set .
 Walkie Talkie a complete waste of money . I waited a long time for delivery and was very disapointed . Not worth the money !
 my kids got this for christmas and they do not work at all.they can pretend to talk to each other but that is about it.if `` zero stars '' was an option i would choose that
 In spite of owning the `` Cornholio Doll '' that is epic and reminiscent of one of my favorite cartoons of all-time , I am very upset and disappointed with the quality of the box it came in . I was expecting a mint condition quality doll as advertised , but when I received the doll , the bottom part of the box that reads `` HEAD KNOCKER '' is torn in a way that some inconsiderate person must have grabbed it from that part and ripped it.So before you purchase anything , especially something you want to collect as memorabilia , you have to ask if there are any flaws to the box or its content . I would have asked for a refund or an exchange , but I did n't want to go through the process of USPS or any of that garbage.Don ' t be scared to ask , otherwise you might end-up like me upset with the quality of you item .
 I was shopping for a costume prop and thought I was getting a great deal , all the other light sabers on the page had .45 replica in the write up and , this one was miss identified , by not having it , and now I have no light saber for my cosplay outfit .
 This comes in a small cardboard box . You have playing cards and a dice . -LRB- singular for dice is ? -RRB- There are two levels , easy and hard.My son is six and an excellent reader so we were able to play this together . This is n't really for learning about birds . If you 're a homeschool Mom per se , and you want a fun thing to add to a unit study or science class , this could work . Some of the birds are n't local to our area so that was interesting . My 6 year old answered some questions correctly which was actually very encouraging to him.The dice is to pick which of the 3 questions you 'll ask the person , if they get it right , they keep the card , wrong , and you put the card at the bottom of the pile.It would take several game plays to get through all the questions.The cards are a heavy cardboard which is nice.If given the choice I would buy this again .
 I was so excited getting this for my 2 girls that are 5 & 7 . They love crafts . Anything to do with drawing , coloring , etc. . But , the dry erase portion of this item does n't come clean well at all . The first time they drew on it with the Dry Erase markers , it hardly wiped off . They lost interest in it pretty quickly after that . I paid only $ 28.00 for it on sale . . and am still a bit disappointed with my purchase .
 This item arrived at our home in extremely bad condition . The easel board was cracked , one peg was busted and the rest of the parts were missing . With only 2 weeks before Christmas we had to return it for our money back and go out to get our grandson another gift . This was the first time I was displeased with items I bought on line .
 I agree with the first users review - this stuff is horrible ! My kids would dig their fingers into the goo and then it would get stuck under their nails and make the biggest slimy mess ! The other color wonder products are awesome , but this one is a really bummer !
 We bought this set for my 2 1/2 yr old daughter last summer to take with us on a trip . We were staying in a vacation rental and wanted to make sure she did n't accidentally color something other than paper . They worked well for that purpose , but because of her age she tended to take more paint on her finger than the manufacturer I 'm sure intended . I believe you are supposed to simply rub the paint on your finger and apply that on your paper . 2 1/2 yr olds unfortunately are not quite capable of that much control over their fingers . Actually , since the paint feels a bit like butter , she could n't help but want to investigate this cool texture and glob it on the paper . The result was a very greasy mess . Once on your fridge , the artwork gets even greasier as it `` ages '' -LRB- the grease spreads out and the colors fade a bit -RRB- . I ended up throwing the whole thing away -- way too much work and too messy for me . I believe this might work much better for an older child -LRB- say older than 3 1/2 or 4 -RRB-
 Using the Color Wonder Finger Paints is basically like dipping your hand in Vaseline . It 's greasy , hard to wash off , and stains . I would never buy this again nor for anyone else . I strongly urge against purchasing this product . Crayola , shame on you !
 I should have read the description more carefully . I thought these were a smaller version of the foam dice set . These only go to 1000 whereas the foam dice go to 1 million . They are much better for teaching place value . Also , the picture on this set gives you the impression it 's a game . It 's not , just dice . The cost to returned them is more than what I paid , so all I can do is warn a potential buyer and be wary of Amazon 's descriptions . I 'm surprised Amazon did n't offer me some kind of discount on a future purchase . I think that would have be a nice gesture on their part .
 I really wanted a toy steering wheel that was an infant toy . Most seem to be steering wheels that play music and light up and have a lot of buttons . I was looking for a steering wheel that would encourage my kids to pretend to be driving , especially in the car.This toy hits the marks on that count , but it is poorly made . I returned the first one that I purchased because the roadway did not move as it is supposed to . The second one I received moves intermittently . If we jiggle it or move the shifter back and forth , it will start moving again.I kept the toy because both my kids -LRB- 1 and 2 1/2 -RRB- seem to enjoy it regardless . We let them play with it in the car on our long drive back from visiting relatives for the holidays , and it kept them both occupied for some time.I did not find it too loud or annoying , as other reviewers did , though both kids seemed to want to move the shifter into reverse position and leave it there , which means that it beeps like a truck backing up .
 I was really excited about this steering wheel toy but was less than impressed when it arrived . It was already coming apart at the windshield . It makes a horribly loud noise when you turn the key that is supposed to be the sound of an engine . There is no off switch so if you accidentally hit it while cleaning or something , it makes noise . It has a screen that rotates a picture of a street with curves and a little toy car that moves with the steering wheel . It is a cute idea but the car does n't line up with the curves in the road so it teaches bad driving . My son is too young to bang anything against this toy and I know no one has dropped it but it does n't work the way it originally did . When you turn the key , the stoplight should go from red to yellow to green but ours is stuck on red and makes a screeching sound that bears no resemblance to an engine at all . The cell phone is not attached to the dashboard in any way and the sound on it is much quieter in comparison to the dashboard 's noises . I did learn that if you accidentally hit something and want to stop the noise , push the blinker either way and it overrides whatever you pushed . I would not recommend this until they make some improvements to the quality and add features like sound control .
 I ordered this to be sent to my granddaughter . It arrived , and her parents kept the box unopened until I arrived in Indiana . When I read the box , I learned that I need AA batteries PLUS 3 of another kind of flat batteries . The flat batteries were nowhere to be found and the consumer is cautioned NOT to use the demonstration batteries . So , basically , no gift . I flew home that same day , thinking I 'd order the batteries and have them sent out . Is there anywhere on the site where batteries are mentioned ? I do n't see them . So now what ? Had I known it took so many -LRB- probably expensive -RRB- batteries -- batteries that are not included -- I doubt that I would have ordered it .
 My 1 yr old grandson really liked it , but it broke after normal use after a few weeks . Like another customer here , it does n't `` drive '' anymore and started making odd sounds . SInce it 's after 30 days Amazon wo n't do anything and Small World Toys says they dont send any replacements . I would not purchase any Small World Toys in the future . I have not seen such bad customer service before .
 This product is a fun idea with lots of stuff to do but so obnoxiously loud that we are returning it .
 This product was listed as having lullabyes , but all is does is bark . I feel I was mislead !
 Like all Little Tikes trucks this is well-made -- but we have had the same problem as other parents with the dumping end flipping up and hitting our child in the face -LRB- and then the truck slipping out from under him -RRB- whenever he put weight on it ! He received it for his first birthday and after a few injuries we put it away for over a year ... we keep bringing it back out to try again , but at 2 1/2 , this still happens occasionally . You ca n't go wrong with most Little Tikes trucks -- but watch this one , especially with younger toddlers !
 After giving this truck to my son I was amazed to see him play with it for about 2 seconds and the bed flipped up and * nearly * hit him square in the face , then as the truck scooted up from underneath him , he fell and hit the ground . He picked the truck up and did the same exact thing several times before giving up on pushing the truck around and sat down next to it and played with it.The pivot point for the bed is in the wrong place . It is too close to the center making it unstable and unpredictable when weight is applied to it . Downward pressure on the bed causes it to flip open , * suddenly * , * violently * , and * unexpectedly * . I did n't understand previous reviews about the bed flipping open , so here is my attempt to explain this somewhat unusual phenomenon that can easily and likely result in injury :1 . Toddler stands behind truck and leans down and with both hands pushes down on either side of the bed and starts to push forward .2 . Downward weight on truck bed causes it to * suddenly * , * violently * , and * unexpectedly * flip open / backward . No matter how close to your child you are , you will not be able to react in time to prevent this !!! 3 . The front portion of the bed is raised several inches higher than the sides of the bed and as it flips it comes into contact with toddler very quickly .4 . As the bed `` dumps '' the truck moves quickly forward and scoots out from under the toddler , causing them to fall and hit their face on the ground -LRB- adding insult to injury ! -RRB- . Do not buy this truck ! It is an unsafe design . Anyone know how to complain to the consumer safety commission ?
 When my son plays with his dump truck , the back comes up & hits him in the face , because there is no way to latch it while kids are pushing it around .
 This truck was recommended by Oppenheim Portfolio but I do n't agree with them . I purchased it for a 1 1/5 year old . He likes it but it does n't work well - the back keeps popping back and is not much fun to play with .
 I bought this truck for my son when he was 18 months old and every time he pushed it around it would flip up and hit him in the face . It has cut open his nose and gave him a fat lip . I ended up throwing the thing away . I would not recomend any one with a child under three to buy this .
 Everytime my little boy plays with this truck the dump part flips up and hits him in the face or it slides away from him on a smooth surface and he falls ... it 's fine outside or in the sand only.He really loves it - but ends up in tears everytime he plays with it - we have had to tape the dump part to the truck part and what fun is that ? ...
 I bought these for my 2 year old as she loves to draw but still has trouble staying on the paper and not getting ink all over herself . The size of these seemed much better for her than the regular sized crayons and markers that belong to her brother . I also loved the fact that they were washable because I know washable markers were a necessity when her brother was her age . I have come to find out that these markers are not washable , they fade a bit after washing but you can still see the ink . Unfortunatley I only found this out after my daughter drew on the kitchen table , her clothes , herself , and her brother . I washed with soap and water and lots of rubbing on their skin but the ink was still pretty noticeable . I was bummed that the ink did not come off as easily as the Crayola washable markers I had bought for her brother when he was 2 . From now on I will stick with Crayola brand as they seem to be the best at washing off easily . The ink did eventually wear off their skin by the next day , but it is dissapointing to buy something and then find out it is not what is advertised .
 I was disappointed with this product mainly because it was n't the new line of the world collection . I have not read it anywhere in the description prior to the purchase .
 Ordered for our Grandson to play with on a &#34; Road Rug &#34; . They look cute and add a lot to the &#34; look &#34; but are not at all functional because they will not stand up for any length of time when you are playing on the rug .
 I received this today and had ordered for a gift for my grandson . Do not order it as you will not get the signs that are pictured in the description . When I opened the box they were not like the signs on the box -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . In small print it says they made not look like those pictured on the box . Amazon wo n't give me a refund and if I get a replacement I 'll probably get more `` foreign '' signs that he wo n't even recognize . Do n't bother ordering these .
 There is a new girl in the Bratz group name Kianna . Go to the Bratz website or mgae 's website and see for yourself . She is the Afriacan American one in the wild Wild West Collection . I do n't like this doll . I think this doll is ugly .
 This doll is a copy from Bratz Kianna . They took her name , and I do n't like her , she is ugly .
 The bratz Kiana doll is Native American ! She is sooooo lovely ; way more lovely than this doll ! This is a copy of the Bratz ' one !!!
 That person 's right . The name Kianna is from a Bratz doll . There 's a Fianna AND a Kianna . This doll 's great but maybe they should change her name ...
 I was trying to save money over the newest version , but boy did I pay for it . The rows do n't run parallel to each other -LRB- they 're sort of hexagon shaped -RRB- , and the numbers are tiny and the same color as the plastic making them nearly impossible to see . I gave up and got rid of it . This will completely frustrate you and your child ... games are supposed to be fun .
 I bought this puzzle for my wife since I 'm a map freak and she likes puzzles . The first thing we noticed is that the metallic finish on this puzzle caused problems . When putting the puzzle together , we literally had to bob our heads back and forth to see the pieces.The fit of the pieces leaves much more to be desired . For as much as this puzzle is , we expected better quality , but the pieces where absolutely loose inside their proper spots . Countless other pieces would fit in the wrong spot due to fit.The puzzle itself was n't stamped correctly as pieces had the metal pealed back from the edges to reveal the white background that was used under the metallic pieces . On top of this , the puzzle pieces scrapped against each other , marking them . From a distance , it looks neat - close up , its all marked up.The back also peeled very quickly when we put glue on it for hanging in a frame . The first , light coat , of glue caused the pieces to start peeling , the blue to transfer to the glue , etc. . We needed to put the glue on the back because it was foggy when we tried it on a corner in front after drying . The first coat went on with a few dabs then lightly moving the applicator back and forth . After that coat dried , we where able to apply the glue more heavily . Make sure to have an extra person hold the edges while you glue your first coat otherwise , they may move.In terms of challenge , its pretty high . The metallic , blurred , finish causes colors to blend pretty easily . This means that a piece may look like it fits , it may fit , but that does n't mean that it 's the right spot.My wife would n't recommend this for someone just starting . She 's had years of experience in puzzles and even she got visibly upset a few times . She also had to put together the puzzle 2 times because when we went to flip it the normal way , even though we where careful , it fell apart . Just from seeing it , this project will not work with the roll up puzzle kits.Note
 It seems under-stuffed for a teddy bear . Also , it shows dirt easily
 wron zise not what I wa n't .125 OD ??? I do n't understand very well I was looking for a 1/2 &#34; diametre rod 40 &#34; long is good sorry I hope you can help me
 Game became boring after only five min . The price was high and value low so I can not recommend it !
 I remember playing the original version and that was fun . This version still has some pretty good questions , but they are more for a broader audience . I played with just adults and we got bored . The directions are not very clear . I 'm going to either give it to my sister or just hold onto it for the family get togethers .
 I do n't know if my family is just weird or what , but we did n't even finish playing the first -LRB- and only -RRB- game . They took it to be a strategy game , so they were guessing what the other person would say to fake them out rather than guess what the other person would feel in his heart . But the scenarios were weird and contrived so it was n't like learning something new about each other . Those types of scenarios would never come up . I really wanted to love it . I hyped it up before we started , but ended up with a big let down .
 We did not like this game , we have tried to play once , there were too many varibles . The questions were funny , but the writting things down , then acting things out , my young children lost intrest quick .
 Boring as sin , they should have come up with more challenges , what a dissapointment ! Ca n't believe the reviews this thing got , what a waste of money !
 These questions are lame . How about some edgier questions :1 . `` Would you rather be a hurricane or a tornado ? `` 2 . `` Would you rather be head butted or slapped ? `` 3 . `` Would you rather be mildly electrocuted or attend an Uncle Kracker concert ? ''
 This game was very boring . I tried playing it with my family and with some friends , all adults over 25 , and nobody found it intriguing . I do n't understand what is so great about deciding if you would rather stand in an elevator filled with fat men with bad breath or an elevator filled with wet dogs . The questions were neither interesting nor funny . Everyone agreed it they would rather play a different game .
 My friends and I love game nights . We got this WOULD YOU RATHER ... ? to play last night . We got through 4 turns and we all hated it . We spent more time learning the rules than playing it . We wound up playing TRUTH BE TOLD for a few hours and having a great night . Do n't waste your money on this one . Sorry .
 My family used to play a variation of this game by making up our own questions , and it was tons of fun . We always thought it could be a great product if only you could figure out a way to put it in a box and sell it . We could never come up with anything compelling enough to turn it into a board game , however , and neither could Zobmondo.The questions are uninspired , far too contrived , and are only an incidental part of the gameplay . To win at Would You Rather , you have to do `` challenges , '' most of which involve letting other players draw on your face with makeup . Seriously.Would you rather spend your money on a parlor game you can come up with on your own , or use it to buy something else ? No brainer .
 Personally , I 'd rather be pickled in alum ! The `` would you rather '' questions are OK , but the rules to the challenge questions change each time , take a ridiculous time to understand , and many are just plain not fun . With a world of games out there , pick another one . Though my 11-year old son loves it , so go figure !
 The item is satisfactory but late arriving . I ordered it July 20th , the email saying it was shipped and arrival date between July 26th and 29th , party was the 30th . It arrived August 11th , way to late for the party . They had some flimsy excuse as to why it took longer and would not refund shipping and wouldnt pay for shipping to send it back for a refund . Not going to pay postage two ways just to get a refund on an item that cost what the postage was . First bad experience with a Marketplace seller , will never buy from Hope Rebirth again !!!!!!!!!
 The hair on these dolls is of poor quality . It tangles easily and then most little girls do n't like to play with the doll at all .
 These blocks are poorly made - they crumble and fall apart . You can actually stick your fingernail through the blocks ! Next time I 'll buy the real thing : -LRB-
 I also feel that this toy is over priced . I bought this for my 6 yr . old daughter for Christmas and was totally disappointed in the quality of the materials used to make this . I was lucky and got it at a VERY good sale price , but even so I feel I paid way too much money . She did play with it for a couple of days but now she hardly even looks at it . My 2-1/2 yr . daughter is also bored with it . They do like it but it just does n't have the thrill to it that we thought it would .
 The drawers and chest are difficult to open and close because the pieces get stuck in the open spaces behind chest and in front of the secret drawer . The stands , used to hold the dolls and snap into the dance floor that spins . have two small plastic pieces that snap into the dance floor . The small clips are very easy for a 3-5 year old to break ; my 23 year old broke one .
 This toy is a very over-priced piece of junk . It is made of flimsy plastic and appears to be unstable both when open and closed . We had to glue the doll stands back together on day 2 and I am just counting the seconds until we have to do more repairs . My daughter -LRB- 3 and a half -RRB- played with it for a few days after Christmas but has not touched it since . When I ask her why she does n't want to play with it she says that she does n't like that the dresser drawer gets stuck everytime she closes it and she always scrapes her hands on the door frame . We also have the carriage that goes with the castle - another piece of junk . We have glued pieces on it repeatedly and they still fall of . The dolls are hard to fit inside the carriage too . Both the castle and carriage have small parts and are a potential hazard to younger siblings . I am very disappointed in this product - though now I understand why I did n't see any of these on display .
 This castle is very overpriced and very flimsy . I am glad this was a Christmas present and I am not out the money for this thing . We are giving her a three story large dollhouse for Christmas this year so that we can throw this piece of junk away !!!!
 I did not buy this miniatures and a Braxar 's War booster pack to play Dreamblade but to play D&D . Well , this collection do not have many fun miniatures . Most are just ... strange . If you want to buy dreamblade to play d & d , buy just the basic sets .
 My 3 yr old got this for Christmas last year . It 's very pretty , but pieces fall off constantly . The horse reigns keep falling off the carriage , so you ca n't pull it with the horse . The doors also fall off the carriage easily . The feather for the top of the horse 's head , and the wheel caps also fall off . My daughter mostly uses the horse to have Barbie ride on . Would not recommend .
 My daughter loves anything Cinderella . So when Santa brought the entire Cinderella set -LRB- castle , dolls and carriage -RRB- she was over the moon , until one week after Christmas . My 3-year old gently tapped the foot-step located on either side of the carriage that makes the lights go on , only to have it snap right off the toy ! Super-glue was ineffective to fix the damage . She was so upset to have her toy break so soon after Christmas . Horse does n't stay up , halter and reins constantly fall off . Very disappointing quality considering the price tag !
 The horse does not stand up by itself let alone trying to pull a carriage -LRB- even as make believe -RRB- . It may have been better to make all four legs straight to support itself . I am very disappointed in the quality .
 I bought this for my daughters 6th birthday . The lips on the doll did n't work and there really is n't much to do with it . She was bored almost immediately . I was hoping for much more out of this toy . In my opinion you should n't waste your money .
 When I ordered this item I received a different item , one that was not useful to me . I was told by this company that they were sorry and they do not have this item . Why is this product still available on your site ? Very irritating .
 Recieved the wrong item that I can not use . The company told me that this was an error that the picture on the website misrepresents the product and that they donot have the product in the picture that I ordered . This item needs to be removed or at least change the picture so people know what they are getting . I was given apologizes and promised a refund . So if you want magnetic alphabet TILES like those shown in the picture DO NOT order them from this site because they dont have them .
 My 4 year old daughter is a huge princess fan , and loves Cinderella . So when we got the full size carriage , we got the Twinkle Lights Cinderella Doll too . But she 's not very popular with my daughter , because you ca n't change her clothes . Since her dress is wired to light up and twinkle when you press a button , it has to stay on her . So if your child is like mine and loves to change her dolls ' outfits , this doll wo n't be played with too much .
 This doll was very dissapointing for my niece and for me as well . At first I really liked the music but it got so annoying after a while unlike the Princess and the Pauper dolls . Then my niece was very sad that she could n't brush her hair , she Loves brushing her dolls ' hair . My niece only played with it for about 3 days , and I found it in her toybox with some of her fingers missing . If you buy this doll , buy it for an older collector not a child .
 We got this doll for my 3 yr old daughter , who loves Cinderella , but this doll , she ca n't really play with . The music is nice but can not play with her hair and the only article of clothing that comes off are her tiny shoes . We have the doll sitting up on a shelf , how fun is that for a child ??
 This doll is no good!You ca n't do nothing with her!I gave her to my little sister and not even she plays with it!BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !
 When my daughter , almost 2 at the time , unwrapped this Christmas morning , she said `` I do n't like it ! '' She was horrified by the thing . It is truly that alarming to little people . The adults find it charming . My husband found that it made a perfect lumbar pillow when watching television . Enough so that I 'm replacing the original one that the dogs chewed up with a new one to use as a lumbar pillow . Our daughter , almost 4 now , still has no interest in playing with the thing and thinks of it as Daddy 's pillow .
 My grandson asked for this toy , but thought it looked lime green . It was an awful pea green , smaller than it appeared on the ad .
 I am packaging this stool up after one trial use by my daughter.First of all , the seat was defective - it is supposed to be glued down but it came off of its four tiny pegs when I tried to pick it up . That would be an easy fix and something I would n't even complain about if the item as a whole was worth keeping.The back of the chair that `` flips '' down to make the step is my main complaint - it is n't level with the bottom of the chair ! Meaning , it hovers over the ground and when my 2 year old stepped on it to climb up on the potty she nearly took a header backwards when the entire stool tipped.Furthermore it slides all over the floor , having no traction pads on the bottom . An easy fix , I suppose , but just added to my ire.What a waste of time and money . I 'm returning it for the white plastic Bjorn stool - sturdy , non-slip , and a quality company .
 A nice little stool for kids , however , after only one day of use , I had to reinforce all the glued and stapled joints with screws !
 My son loves to build , however he did not like this.The same boring pieces , it is just like buildin with some sticks foroutside.I would stay away from this product .
 This costume is cute , but its a little cheap looking . The fabric looks a lot thinner than in the picture . The boots and mittens are wonderful .
 There is very little contrast on screen , making words and letters hard to see . Also , most of the games move too fast for my pre-schooler , and hold absolutely no interest for my second grader . I would n't purchase again , even at Amazon 's amazing price - sure glad I did n't pay $ 28 for this at Walmart !
 I LOVE Dance Dance Revolution games ... I own all of the US mixes plus a few Japanese ones . When a new one comes out I normally stay up and unlock it all . DDREx was an exception . I took it home and plugged in my pad , turned on my PS2 and found that they made a new game engine -LRB- DDREx originally came to Japan -RRB- ... no big deal , must be to better suit the I-cam , I think . So I go to options to find that that is changed as well ... and they also took out an option that turns off all buttons except the arrow keys for pad play . A feature that is on all mixes except this one and is necessary when you are playing a song with 16th notes at 260 bpm . Needless to say this made the game just a pretty shinny disc to me . Good for beginners , but I would suggest going to DDRMax 2 , better songs , better engine .
 I 'll preface this review with the fact that it only applies to people who purchase these dance games for the exercise benefit . If you purchase the game for the fun of game mode , etc. it 's as good as the others and I 'd rate it higher for that , but for workouts it 's a 1 star performer ... Six months ago I invested in the PS2 specifically to play the workout mode of the DDR Max 2 game . I 've worked up to the Heavy play mode and am thrilled with the workout stats on it . Of course , eventually the songs became routine and I got the itch to buy DDR Extreme . What a disappointment . The workout section is only for setting up stats . In my old DDR 2 you actually PLAY in workout mode , and you play one song right after another until you 're done your workout . The only thing that shows up between songs is a count of calories burned and the equal to the exercise -LRB- jogging , swimming , skipping rope , etc. -RRB- . Then you get right back into another song selection , until you reach your calories burned goal or decide for yourself that you 're done dancing.DDR Extreme forces you to workout in game mode . Consequently , in between songs you get a grading system you could care less about and after 3 songs it announces the game is over and sends you back to the beginning screen . The last thing I want to do in the middle of a workout is wait 5 minutes while I reprogram everything in order to play another 3 songs . The songs are great , and I 'm very disappointed they did n't leave the workout mode alone . As it is , I 'm going to have to return it - this is n't geared for workouts anymore .
 Dance Dance Revolution is the best thing ever to happen to video games , and I do n't play any other game . Konami was doing fairly decent with the US releases from Konamix in early 2002 to DDRMAX2 in late 2003 , but I do n't know how they screwed up so badly on this.As a matured DDR Player , I think this game is disgrace to DDR . But it would seem appealing to beginners , seeing as how most of these songs are familar hits . The only fun songs on here are A , V , and Ca n't Stop Fallin in Love -LSB- Speed Mix -RSB- and of course , Legend of Max . I really regret buying this and here are some reasons why I disliked it : * No way to turn corner buttons off -LSB- which does n't matter if u have a Konami dance pad or a metal one -RSB- * Ca n't slow down songs in training mode * Only a few songs worth playing * to AA a song , you have to get a Full Combo and 90 % pefects -LSB- which is hard to do if your feet overlap the corner buttons everytime -RSB- * New layout is Hideous!I recommend u get the DDRMAX or MAX2 instead of this . The best idea would be to get Stepmania and play all your favorite songs at home .
 This backpack is made of felt-like material . It 's far from a perfect match to the real Rescue Pack , but young children should easily recognize it and work it into playtime . All-in-all a good choice if it 's for a cheap price . It open on the top with a small piece of velcro , and has an awkward zipper on the side . I 'm not sure what the reason for the zipper was , as it just makes it easier for anything to spill out if left open .
 Way overpriced . Just one compartment that could be accessed either from the top -LRB- piece of velcro -RRB- or a side -LRB- zipper -RRB- - not fun to play with at all !! Would not recommend to anybody . Instead , get a piece of orange fleece , iron-on eye stickers -LRB- any craft store -RRB- , a couple of stitches - and voila , you will have a much better rescue pack .
 My son is 3 and begged for this toy every time we we 're in the toy store . When we finally bought it for him I was truly upset with what we got . First , the Rescue `` Back Pack '' , is n't even a back pack ! Your child will not be able to wear it like Diego . It has a small plastic carry handle on top . It also comes with a stethascope that does n't even work . The kit comes with a 3 or 4 inch plastic jaguar and a small dog food bowl to feed him with , that 's about the size of a silver dollar.To round out the kit , you get a plastic xray and an animal info card . He had more fun with the 50 cent matchbox car that I bought at the gas station . Save your money for something worth it . PS . I had to make a back pack strap for him out of some rope so he could wear it around the house , how sad ...
 We wanted to get our 2 year old daughter the Dora backpack , but it had a cancer warning on it , as mentioned in numerous reviews for the product . So we thought we would try this Diego backpack , but it also carries the cancer warning so we sent it back . Better safe than sorry.There is an actual Diego Rescue Pack that is a satchel with only one strap just like Diego 's ; and that Rescue Pack does not carry the cancer warning . It 's sold on Amazon by Nickelodeon Universe , so we purchased that one for our daughter . She can fit all her Dora & Diego gear inside and it 's really soft , cute and safe .
 Like the other Geopuzzles , the pieces come apart if you touch them or accidentally move or slide the puzzle while you are putting it together . These puzzles are frustrating for adults , much less 4 + age children.Also , the pieces are flimsy , particularly for the price.A very good idea that has been poorly executed .
 The picture shows the dark blue plane , but it is the lighter one that we received . My grandson wanted the dark blue because he already had the light one . We are very disappointed and I have contacted the seller . Hopefully they will make it right . This is too expensive to keep if he already has it.Update ... I noticed on this link they have changed the picture , but there is another one out there that shows the dark blue , but you also get the lighter one .
 This toy is defective . The screws that hold it together will not seat , therfore the front roller falls off . We want to return this for credit .
 These markers are fairly dry . I do n't expect them to last beyond a few uses . The stamper do n't stamp completely well either .
 I bought these for my 3 & 5 year olds and they got bored with them after about 10 minutes . No big deal . Quality is good and what you would expect from Crayola .
 There 's nothing deluxe about this backgammon set . It 's made of the cheapest , smelliest vinyl they could find . Even the spots where the pieces go on the board are cheap vinyl !! My set has spots where the stitching is loose and places where the fabric on the inside of the board is coming loose and it was that way brand new out of the box . It 's a mess and the only reason I did n't return it was because in the end I would lose money because of the shipping cost . Please do n't waste your money on this set !!!!! Also , the dice are the size of peas . The board smells so bad that my daughter does n't even like to use it . The only positive thing I can say is that I like the little size because it would be easy to transport .
 I read the reviews before purchasing this product and thought maybe people were just expecting too much . However , when I received my order , I fully agreed with other reviews . The dice are the size of a pea -LRB- literally -RRB- . The game box and pieces are definitely small . I have a nice backgammon game , but have literally worn it out playing it , so was hoping to replace it with something similar . This was not it ! I did not return it because it would cost me shipping , but definitely not something I would have bought if I had seen it first .
 I was disappointed in the craftsmanship , however its ok for the buck . You get what you pay for ! If you are looking for something bigger and classier this is not it .
 I purchased this product and received it the other day . Upon opening I discovered that the craftsmanship is extremely poor . The red and white lanes for placing the chips are not evenly placed which adds to confusion while moving your pieces . The sowing of the colored lanes is poor and will start falling apart quickly . Further , the middle part of the set is uneven so you are unable to place a bumped piece there . Save your money and get a different product .
 I should have read reveiws before purchaseing very cheap out of box look like a child put it together i should return it but i will lose money so i will give it to a nine year old . and purchase a really one for grow up !!!!!!
 havent received it yet ?! maybe it got lost in the mail . this is why I like to buy stuff from stores , then they put it in my hand , then I go home and use it .
 I took a chance on this cheap board , liking the cute small attache form factor of it . Unfortunately , the board was defective
 Very upset the game had no instructions . To get instructions I have to pay more money . I ordered it originally and it was $ 24 then when going for final purchase says price increase to $ 74 . Two days after I got the product with n o instructions the same game was once again $ 24
 this was just a piece of felt with a cardboard tube , there is no padded mat just a large peice of green felt .
 Here is how you can make this at home.Step 1 . Go buy a piece of feltIt is felt . Just felt . That is all .
 This was so not worth the purchase . I could have purchased some felt , a large piece of PVC pipe and elastic and made it myself . Keep looking .
 Works fine for small puzzles but not well for rarge puzzleswill not work on a 24 X 36 inch PuzzleNot what I hoped forBUT it was NOT a rip off
 For me , just pice of green cloth , you probably can see them in &#34; christmas items &#34; . Do not mean any thing to hlep me solve my problem . I know it is cheap , and depends on other reviwers describs it &#34; sounds &#34; good . Do n't waste your money in here , find some where else .
 I bought these chairs for my two sons 12 & 13 for Easter . The chairs looked great and the boys really enjoyed them for about 3 weeks when we were sitting in our game room one day and I heard this awful snap . My son was leaning back in the chair playing a video game and suddenly he was on the floor on his back . I unzipped the cover to see why the chair back had broken and could n't believe my eyes ... the chair is made of thick styrofoam . The same stuff disposable coffee cups are made of . What a waste of $ $ $ . The next week the 2nd chair broke the same exact way . The styrofoam must not handle the stress of gamers over any length of time . I suppose if you just sat in them and did not lean back - they might last a full 2 months , better yet do n't let anyone sit in them and they 'll possibly last until the styrofoam deteriorates . Do n't waste your money ... I 'm glad I 'm here to help the next person .
 This mixer only worked for about ten seconds and has n't worked since . I would not recommend this mixer . Its a piece of junk ...
 This hand mixer only works when it wants to . Very disappointing . Sometimes it will turn on , sometimes it will not . If I smack the battery compartment hard enough , the mixer will work again.Not a good toy .
 Cheap , plastic , broke after 1 day of light play , unable to return due to package being opened , would be better off with a real one
 I did n't realize that Theo Klein was a toy label and had to send it back . Likely my ignorance , not the manufacturer 's .
 I bought this for my 5 year to mix Easy bake oven mixes . It took me awhile to get it working and still can not get beaters to come out . Seems to only have one speed . Wish I could return but past the time limit on Amazon
 Dull and way , way too complicated . The complex rules go on and on , and they are impossible to remember . So every time you land on a square , you have to look it up in the rules ... is it a Ha Ha ? A Ho Ho ? A Hee Hee ? Group or individual ? Joker judges or we judge ? etc etc.Our kids like playing anything with us , so the hour or two we spent playing it today was okay . But for $ 30 ? Big disappointment and boring . After playing once , it went into the basement to be stored away , and I 'll be surprised if they ask for it again .
 We bought this for my son for Christmas . It was shipped without an outer box . My husband and Son arrive home and found the football game on our front porch in plain sight . The Shipper just stuck a shipping label on the outside of the box . Both ends of the package was open . Thanks Amazon for ruining this for our son ! I will be returning this item ! Its cheap and not worth the money .
 I was excited about purchasing this play coffee pot . My son only likes to play with things that are ` real ' looking , so I knew if I got a brightly colored , unrealistic looking coffee pot , he would n't be interested . Although it is quite realistic looking , I was surprised at how small and ` cheap ' the toy looked for the price . The ` realistic ' sound is disappointing and does n't last long . You can pour water into the basket and watch it run through into the pot , but there 's no on/off to control it . So , if your child uses the pot to fill the water into the reservoir , just like mommy does , the water will come pouring out immediately all over . It 's cute and my son was amused briefly , but for the 20 + dollars with the shipping that it cost ... REALLY not worth it . I 'm still mad that I bought it ...
 My girls -LRB- ages 4 , 7 and 9 -RRB- cracked this open , excited to have a new game to play . In the doldrums of summer , they 've played Clue , Hullaballo , Sorry , Mancala , checkers and the like . I thought with all the gold stickers on the box for awards and such that this game would be the game to end all games . Um , no . There does n't really seems to be a point to having the board and tokens other than an attempt to differentiate itself from plain old charades . The whole game was just kind of weird and a bit painful to play -LRB- or maybe we 're just cranky ? -RRB- . Some of the cards had cute ideas to act out and I did like the fact that my 4 year old could play -LRB- with sisters who can read the cards for her -RRB- , but our reaction just goes to show you ca n't force laughs . Save your money ! This game is going in the `` give away '' pile ASAP !
 I was excited to buy this for my daughter . However , we ended up only playing it once or twice . There is no point to the game ... no strategy . Whether you guess right or wrong you still get to move.We ended up making up our own rules
 I was so excited to get this game after all the reviews , boy was I disappointed . Game does n't have a strategy and a lot of the cards are not fun to act out , there needs to be a purpose to the game not just read the card and do what it says and then off to the next person . The title makes you think if you make someone laugh you get points but that is n't true at all , you just do what the card says and move to the next player . Nobody in my family cared for it , including my 5 yr old .
 This toy is NOT compatible with the regular wooden Thomas Train Set . Toys R Us should have this information listed in the description above . Also , if you order this through Amazon.com , be careful in returning this item . You can not physically return Thomas Train toys to a Toys R Us store , even though you may have logged into toysrus.com . Apparently , the toys are under Imaginarium.com , and toys purchased through Imaginarium.com can only be returned through shipping them back . Finally , the shipping charges are more expensive when returning a toy , than when you initially purchase it online .
 Just seems like regular cardboard puzzle . Overprice since you can find them at discount retails like Marshalls around the holiday for $ 7 . The box it comes with can be a danger to toddlers who try to close it -LRB- can close on their little fingers -RRB- and then there 's the splinter issue with the box . Does n't come with a big picture of the puzzle which would be nice when putting the puzzle together . Only little picture on the side . Then 4 puzzles in one box makes sorting difficult for toddlers ... parents have to help for sure . You can separate them by flipping to the back side where there are shapes to identify each set of puzzle . Still , difficult for younger kids .
 It 's great for about one hour then the batteries die . I replaced the batteries and they were dead a little while longer . I may have a defective one .
 I should have paid better attention to the previous reveiwers !!! Thirty cents a peg is outrageous !!! I was in a hurry and since a Lite Brite was one of the three things on my Grandsons Christmas list I was sucked in . The reveiws for the Lite Brite said there were not enough pegs to complete some of the pictures , so it seemed these were a must have . Initially I was not going to purchase the Lite Brite because of the poor reveiws it received , however when the Grandson told EVERYONE he came in contact with that a Lite Brite , a green football and a spiderman shaving kit was all he wanted for Christmas , I went against my better judgement .
 My older grandchildren passed down an older version of the LIte Brite to their younger cousins . I ordered these pegs as well as some refill pages . The pegs did not fit in the holes properly and were continuously falling out . It was misery . Also -- FYI -- with any Lite Brite -- you need tons of pegs -- there were n't enough of these to even finish 1 small picture -- had to use alternate colors . Will need to find some `` old '' pegs .
 I ordered the peg refills thinking they had not changed over the years . My lite brite is an older model . I have absolutely no older pegs , they were lost in a move . Now I have oodles of activity sheets and still no pegs . Any help ?
 If any of you have a toysrus near you they sell this exact same packets for $ 5.99 !!!!!!!!!!! I can not believe no one knows how to shop around before buying . I would never spend more money on pegs when the cube does n't even cost this much ! Geez !
 I bought a Lite Brite for my 6 yr old daughter . I had a lite brite growing up and remember playing with it a lot . Times have changed the make of this product greatly and not for the better . First the light in it hardly lights up the pegs , the pegs are very hard to push in and pull back out -LRB- so much so that my daughter gets very frustrated with it -RRB- , the lite brite itself is half the size they used to be , and the peg holder on the bottom does not open and close very easily . My daughter does n't seem overly interested in playing with the lite brite much . Do n't waste your money .
 Way too small for anyone else but a 4 year old ... cheep as hell and not worth the time . Do n't bother !
 When I ordered this Barbie , the one with the navy blue dress was shown , but instead the one with the light blue dress showed up . She does not look much better than an off brand dollar store Barbie , and Mattel should be ashamed to put out such a low quality Holiday Angel Barbie . In general , their Angel Barbies are stunning but this one stop short with her thin wings -LRB- looks like cardboard on the back -RRB- , her hair is a mess , and her dress is so simple . Her make-up is simple as well . Also , she seems to just stare off into space . I was very disappointed with this purchase.Update -LRB- 1/4/06 -RRB- Since writing this review and playing Barbie with my daughter at least once a day , I have found myself more often than not choosing this Barbie as mine when we play . I have become fond of her face even though at first I did not like it since it was not what I was expecting . It is very nostalgic of the older style barbies , and is wider than it appears in this listing . I also love the way her arms pivot unlike some specific Barbie dolls . Her hair is still messier than normal for a Barbie , but I have grown to really like the dress although the wings are hard to stay on despite the velcro . I would recommend purchasing her simply because this is an unusual Barbie for Mattel to put out and she will add some diversity to your collection .
 I bought this Barbie after seeing two pictures of angel Barbies on the website and reading the Manufacturer 's Description . One picture seems to have been deleted now . The Manufacturer 's description is of an angel with a dark blue dress and a long gold sash . I trusted that the Manufacturer 's description , which matched one of the pictures , was the correct angel . The doll with the light blue dress is not impressive at all . It is very simple with vinyl wings . Be aware of which you are purchasing , the description is deceptive and incorrect .
 Seller is trash , cancels my order and then ups the priceSo a magic box with a new set ... anyone who play magic knows hat you must get at least some of the new cards in order to have a decent deck or at the very least have some fun.so how does futuresight rate : Competetive play 4/5
 Did n't find it interesting at all . After deciding that it had no appeal to me , I donated it away , so I hope that someone else will enjoy it .
 I paid about $ 30 for this toy and I do n't think it 's worth even $ 20 . I believe the price is high because of its size . It is 5 feet long , as stated on the box . However , this toy is not very durable and not very well made . It is all plastic , for one thing . Another is the red pin-setting rack . It was easy enough to put on . But then I could n't get it off again -LRB- to store the game in its box -RRB- . It just would not come off , and I felt like it was going to break if I kept trying . So basically it was very inconvenient because we ca n't store the game in its box . And last -LRB- but not least -RRB- , the pins themselves . The problem is they are so lightweight they wo n't stand well on their own . The slightest touch or vibration and they fall over . The child has to have very steady hands -LRB- and patience -RRB- to set them up . They fall over constantly . It 's tedious trying to steady the stupid pens . It got old real quick . The setting rack is not much help . Forget about younger children having fun with this game . Unless you are going to sit there and set the pins each time-like I had to do for my nephew .
 The game was not nearly as sturdy as I had hoped . A piece broke off as I was putting it together . Too sensitive to touch . Would n't purchase again for an 8 year old .
 The bowling pins are too small and fall over when trying to set up with plastic holder . The bowling alley is made in two sections of flimsy cardboard and one section needed to be glued down . It is a bad design . Not worth the price .
 You got ta be kidding me with this Rack 'N' Bowl . My sons were anxiously awaiting it when it was delivered today . It is missing all 6 feet which the instructions tell you to attach to the front & back of the base . Both pieces of the base barely stay together -- when you roll the bowling ball , it hits the separated area of the base . The instructions also refer to an on and off switch , but this too is missing . I could have done better going to a Dollar Store !!
 Just took ours to Goodwill - kids played with it once or twice - not nearly as fun as advertised .
 I bought this product as a Christmas present for a friend on the sole basis that it was made by Mayfair games , who makes some excellent games that my friends and I love to play -LRB- Settlers of Cataan , Family Business -RRB- . After the others , this one was a disappointment . The game is much like clue , but without a board , and with many more suspects and options to try to eliminate . Some may like this , but between my friends and I we came to a consensus that the act of eliminating categories simply became too unwieldy .
 I bought this game for Christmas for my mom , who loves mysteries . But the directions are a little lacking and none of us could figure out how the question/answer part of the game is really suppose to help . Its very in-depth which was nice and put a little more challenge to the game , but it was n't one of my favorites .
 It is similar to clue but from the reviews I read on Amazon , it was kind of misleading . There were way too many cards . I guess it would be more fun with a ton of people but if you have 3 or 4 , each person holds a deck of cards to look through . Not that fun .
 It has great bold colors , but that 's about it . It is quite large - I think my baby would like it better if it were smaller and lighter where she could hold it and shake it . My 3 year old picked it up and it did n't last long with him either .
 I am very disappointed in the quality of these beads . While they are nicely painted and bright on the outside , the inside of the holes are not sanded so it is nearly impossible , even for adults , to get the string though . If you do manage to get the string threaded though the bead , it takes some force to pull it through the rough surface and tears up the string in the process . Maybe a thinner more leathery string would work better . I would have thought that with a `` quality '' name like Melissa and Doug they would at least test the product before they sell it !
 This is such a cute , colorful and seemingly great product - BUT , it 's very difficult for even Mom to get the string through the hole in the bead . The inside of the bead is painted but not sanded . It 's rough inside , making it very hard for little hands and impatient minds to get that string through . You have to get the tip of the string all the way through without touching the bead itself or else the threads get caught and you really have to tug . I called this company 3 TIMES and each time they said they 'd send me a new box of beads because they were n't supposed to be like that . By the 3rd box of unsanded beads I finally gave up . The last customer rep said he 'd even have it tested for me . Did n't happen . This company puts out super toys , educational and really nice quality - most of the time . Steer clear of this one unless you want to spend hours sanding the insides of 30 small beads ! They 're basically useless as a `` beading '' toy for my kids - they do enjoy stacking them , however .
 I was disappointed with this product as it is very difficult to use . It is coloful , cute , and appealing , but when it comes to trying to string the blocks , I have a lot of trouble , and my 2 1/2 year old son can not get the string to go through hardly at all . The problem is that the holes inside many of the blocks have not been well filed/sanded , and the string ca n't get through . If it does go through , it often catches and snags . Otherwise this would be a great toy .
 As an early childhood educator I try to provide at home the same developmentally appropriate toys my classroom contained . Now as a stay at home Mom , I was thrilled to find the lacing beads at an affordable price.My biggest complaint however it that the beads are made of wood and unfortunately were not sanded down very well on the inside . Therefore , when my sweet daughter tries to string the beads , the strings get `` hung up '' inside the bead . Sometimes , the wood is so rough inside the bead that I even have a hard time getting the string to go through at all!I am very disappointed with the lack of attention to detail and poor quality from Melissa and Doug . This toy can not be used for its intended purpose , which is letting my daughter use her fine motor skills . Instead , Mommy has to string them for her and she enjoys pulling them out . Not quite the activity I had in mind when I purchased this item and not what the toy is intended for.I did not give this toy the absoute lowest rating because my daughter loves to wear the necklaces that I make for her with the string and beads . So in that regard it has not been a total loss . However this problem could be easily rememdied if the company would wax the string , or simply sand down the holes.I would not buy this product knowing what I know now . I would look for another set of lacing beads .
 I read the reviews and thought I 'd buy it for my two-year old . Well , a week after I bought them , one of the wooden beads cracked so it 's useless . The worst problem was trying to thread the lace through . It kept getting caught inside the bead because the company did n't sand the inside of the beads well enough . The lace kept catching on the wood . What a waste of money !
 These beads are very difficult for my daughter to string together because the string gets caught on the inside of the beads . The beads should be sanded down inside so the string cen be put through smoothly .
 This game has complicated rules and is not a fast moving game . I bought it for game night with the in-laws . We were all a little confused by the instructions and had to improvise and make our own rules to make it work ...
 The Knights expansion really hoses the player who is furthest behind -LRB- the barbarians always trash their city -RRB- and it makes mountain squares much more valuable than previously . We may experiment with some house rules , but as is it lengthened the game a lot for very little addition to the fun . The expansion may even make play more random , which Catan really does n't need .
 Chair sit is 6 inches and table is 12 inches high . Chair sit is very narrow . My son is 18 months old , normal height and it is too short for him even now . When he sits on the chair , his knees are higher than his bottom.It is nicely made , but I will have to buy another table and chair pretty soon . If it is too short for 1.5 years old , it is definitely too short for the recommended 2-3 year old .
 I am 12 years old and i love Van Helsing but some of your figures and this playset are nothing but junk!This castel along with the Wolfman figure are made from cheap , junky rubber and plastic ! There is nothing fun about this `` playset '' ! There are no places to play with the figures , only this one room . Why ca n't there be chambers and other towers to go into not just this one lousy room ? I bought this thing and the roof broke the day that i got it !! And the smaller playsets with figures -LRB- Van helsing with grappling hook playset & Frankenstine with light up tower -RRB- Do n't even stay in place.The light up tower dose not even fit were it 's to go !!!! I think that Jakks Pacific Inc. should make a new castel with tower to go into , atleast two or more rooms , amd secret camders or some thig , SOMTHING NEW and FUN to play with !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This so-called Castle is nothing more than a PLASTIC BACKDROP only . It has absolutely NO play features . What this means is that you have to spend another $ 40 - $ 50 to purchase ALL of the Van Helsing Deluxe action figures that have the playset accessories -LRB- Dracula 's Coffin , Frankenstein 's Electricity Tower , Van Helsing 's Catapult and Winch and Velkan 's Table -RRB- to connect them to this utterly useless piece of plastic they call a playset . Take me back to the good-old-days when a Playset was something truly spectacular and fun like the 6 foot behemouth G.I. Joe Aircraft Carrier , He-Man 's Castle Grayskull , Batman 's Batcave or the Star Wars Death Star playset with multiple levels of play environments and features like working elevators , trap doors , trash compactors , gun turrets , detention cells , and breakaway bridges that provided kids with countless hours of imaginary fun and entertainment . It is sad that toy companies today would rather market their toys to force parents to purchase all of their products just to make their kids happy . Unless you plan to spoil your kids by purchasing all of the deluxe Van Helsing figures and features just to make this playset enjoyable , do n't bother buying them this cheap plastic junk .
 Sorry to have to write a bad review , but there is absolutely no reason to purchase this castle . It does n't do anything at all . There are no action figures , and it comes apart very easily . The only good thing I can say is that I only paid $ 2.39 for it on clearance at TRU . Save your money !
 Having been a picker and strummer of six and twelve stringed guitars for nearly 45 years , I found myself offended by the unadvertised aspects of this ` name brand ' child 's guitar . Nowhere in the advertising does it mention that it simply can not be tuned to standard concert tuning -LRB- a reality quickly admitted by Dean staff when asked , -RRB- rendering it useless as a teaching instrument . It must be tuned at least one full note higher and regular concert tuning end even at that , the frets are not accurately enough placed to get consistent sounds -LRB- either single notes or chords -RRB- from it.I expected that for under $ 40. , I would have to tune and re-tune it . What I had no cause to expect was that it was physically impossible to tune it correctly in the first place . According to Dean 's `` Armadillo Customer Service Manager , '' Brad Mader who responded to some comments he saw about this and sent me a personal email , `` Unfortunately due to the size of the guitar & price point , the guitar has to be tuned that way.If you need an acoustic for standard tuning , I would suggest a full size acoustic , something from our Exotic line will work Just fine . `` I did n't expect a quality instrument for this little - I am not a fool - But from a company with the reputation and product line of Dean Guitars , I did expect a tunable and playable beginning guitar . The JTJ is simply neither.As other reviewers have suggested , spend $ 100 . or so and get a reasonable sound and better designed and built guitar . Nothing is more discouraging to any beginning player of any age than an instrument that is simply not designed or built to sound right in the first place .
 It arived safely -LRB- packed so well it would probably survive a plane crash -RRB- but the strings were very coroded . The tuners are decent -LRB- for a very inexpensive guitar -RRB- but once tuned all cords sounded off key . Not playable if you can hear . However if deaf it might be quite fun . The plastic fingerboard , painted binding , and plastic bridge are disapointing , but when this guitar makes it to my chop shop , the bridge pins and tuners might be usefull on another gutar . If you buy it for a child , you wo n't have to wory about teaching them how to tune . It will make little difference .
 I bought this guitar for my little girl knowing it was a low end instrument . I do not have a complaint about the materials or fit/finish . I knew what I was getting . The problem I have with this guitar is that the fret calculations used were off , so that the guitar does not fret accurately . For example , I can tune it up , and it holds a tune for a while . If I fret a D on the B string , it is not a D . This makes the instrument o.k. for play time , but not very good for learning basics of guitar .
 Dean makes some very good budget guitars . This is not one of them . The fret ends are sharp , and the intonation is bad . The action is a mile high . NOT a good instrument for a young beginner -- spend more on another instrument .
 This is a toy guitar built with real guitar parts . It can not be properly tuned since it 's not made to be played . It is great for kids that want to look cool and make some noise . Tone deaf kids and adults will love it for its cool looks .
 Although my son likes the motorcycle , the spiderman does not stay on the bike . It doesnt even fit properly . He gets so frustrated that the Spiderman will not stay on the bike that he just turns to something else . I do n't recommend spending your money on this .
 anakin skywalker was the firts sideshow action figure that i got from this line , dont get me wrong the line is very good , but it seens that in anakin there was some issues regarding what type of leather or vinyl sideshow would use , in the jedi uniform , and it seems it was the cheapest choise , my anakin leather came off , all of it , it was like it melted away , for me paying almost 80 dollars and this happens after only 2 years of having the product is unacceptable , and belive me if theres a way of letting sideshow know of this ill find it soon , i feel i was cheated , you pay for quality and at the end you get crap .
 hack sacks should be spherical . not pancakes shaped . lousy for actually trying to play hacky sack . make nice decorations . I would recommend buying real hacky sacks .
 Nice as a novelty gift ! This item has plastic beads in a plastic baggy surrounded by a wool like yarn that opened at its end exposing the plastic insides with in 5 min of use . As to show they are aware of the Hacky Sack unraveling , They preemptively have the beads in a plastic baggy since they know it comes undone . I did n't expect much for the price but I did n't expect this!Hemp or Leather Hacky Sacks is the way to go !! IMO .
 I bought these hacky sacks because of the star rating . My friends and I are learning to play hacky sack at the office . In just two days use -LRB- very minimal as well -RRB- all three bags had begun to unravel and one bag had the insides coming out . Terrible quality .
 What the picture shows and what I received are totaly different . I ordered these specifically because of the way they looked . I got 3 totally different ones , red , orange , yellow colored . Because what I ordered is not what I received , I give this 1 star .
 My baby just does n't like it . She is 6 month old and she just ignoring this toy when I give it to her . She played with a `` bookmark '' couple of times but that 's all . It has only 3 pages and it just does n't get her attention . So sorry bacause I really thought she 'd like it .
 After receiving this attractive baby book I noted it was made in China . The paint on the cloth seemed very bright and thick . In remembering the news articles about bright , shiny paint used by the Chinese in painting children 's toys , I just could n't bring myself to give it as a baby gift to my nephew and his wife . I have opened it , but I do n't feel good about giving it to Goodwill either . I may need to throw it away ... though that is a sad thought also .
 These are great little toys , and my three year old is obsessed with them ! He 's getting most of them for Christmas , but we 've already bought him a few . They 're die cast , so they are a good weight , but note that some of them have plastic pieces as well.Even though I like these toys , I 'm only giving them two stars . This is a horrible price !! I honestly bought Sally today at my local K-Mart , and it was on sale for $ 2.89 -LRB- normally $ 3.19 -RRB- . Now I know when items are scarce and in high demand their price goes up , but this is a crazy markup . I understand that this is a third party seller , but Amazon should note with their sellers that there is a difference between mark up for high demand toys and rip offs . I have purchased Chick Hicks -LRB- $ 9.50 -RRB- and Lizzie -LRB- $ 5.00 -RRB- off of eBay , but I 've been able to find the rest of the cars at my local Targets , Wal-Marts , K-Marts , etc. . It takes time and searching , but it beats paying these prices !
 I find it utterly annoying that the original characters are no longer being made . Newsflash
 My daughter loves the car !!!! She plays with it all the time . However , I wish I would have known that they are sold for $ 4 in stores . I would have never bought it .
 i bought this item `` cinderella table and chairs '' for my daughters birthday . she really wanted this . i got the 1st one and it was damaged , then a second one it was also damaged , then a third one it was missing part `` E '' and amazon would not replace the missing seat part `` E '' instead the wanted me to return this item for a refund after my daughter recieved the table and 1 chair for her birthday this issue has not yet been resolved . i could n't break my daughters heart after all it was the only thing she asked for this year . i will not buy from amazon till i get my part `` E '' . disapointedly yours , samantha miller
 We gave this doll to my daughter for her 4th birthday last year . While it is a lovely doll and she plays with it often , calling it a `` bath doll '' is something of a joke . If you want a doll your child can take in the bath , then dry off and play with , this is not the doll ! It takes lots and lots of prolonged squeezing and drip-drying before she can come out of the tub and be played with -LRB- otherwise water keeps dripping out of her joints -- legs , arms , neck , eyes -RRB- It is usually several days before ours can be played with dry , and that is only after an adult has vigorously squeezed and shaken the doll several times to get all the water out of her head , arms , legs etc. . I thought a bath doll would be solid or sealed plastic , so the water could n't get in . If I were buying a bath doll again , I would not buy this product .
 Cute toy , my son likes it , but the stove did not light up or make any sounds after several battery changes - not what I paid for .
 I , like the other negative reviewer , purchased this item expecting it to be a REAL camp stove . I 've just looked again at the ad and sure enough it does not state that this is a toy . Did any of you think that it might be appropriate to have mentioned that ? I have no small children to give it to and considering what I got I never would have paid so much for a piece of plastic junk for a child.Thanks a lot . What was Bush 's famous line about `` Fool me once , etc. . ''
 I ca n't really review the camping stove , because I did n't receive the stove . I did receive a shipment , but it was a kids ' camping gear set instead of a camping stove.Since I needed the present quickly and it went along with the theme of our gifts to our kids -LRB- It was a camping gear theme for CHRISTmas - both adults and children -RRB- , I settled for it . What I received is okay but I was definitly disappointed.Since I decided to `` settle '' for what was received , I did not contact you ; but since you asked - I 'm informing you of the situation.Thank you , - mendi holt
 Grandma bought the Curious George `` DVD '' for my 2 children and their cousin . We popped it in to our DVD player and tried using our DVD remote and it did n't work . I read the package and the box and nowhere does it tell you `` Only for use with the Read With Me Controller '' . Even at the Fisher Price website it is not explained very articulately . Apparently you need to purchase a $ 25 `` system '' -LRB- aka-special remote control -RRB- that you program to interface with your own home DVD remote control and DVD player .
 Please be aware that this is not a DVD for use in a DVD player . It is a disc made only for the `` Read with Me DVD Learning System '' . This was not clear in the item description and my daughter was in tears when her birthday present would n't work . I felt really bad for her and feel mislead .
 I was very disappointed when I received this product . It was old , outdated and looked like something that would be sold at a dollar store . It also needs to be used with the Fisher Price Read with Me Learning System which is not indicated anywhere in the product description . Do not buy this item . It is a total ripoff !
 JUNK ! this is why fisher price does n't make hte toy anymore.Don ' t waste your money .
 My kids use this in the sandbox . Not a good learning toy but they use it to put toys in .
 This toy was purchased for my 5 year old , however was played with mostly by the 9 year old . This toy comes apart very easily and is frustrating to play with when all the pieces continually come off . Do n't waste your money unless you want to glue it together .
 My son got this gift for his birthday I put it together which was not easy !! the set fell apart after about ten minutes of my son playing with it.I will try and screw the thing together if at all possible .
 My son loves this toy but he takes it apart and ca n't put it together again . The problem is neither can I. Seriously , it 's nuts that it 's sold for 3 year olds . By the time they 'd be interested and skilled enough to put it together , they 'd more likely be 12 + years old -LRB- this is worse than a model airplane ! -RRB- ... and would 've moved onto cooler things .
 My son -LRB- 2 1/2 -RRB- played with this for five minutes and the pieces -LRB- decorative -RRB- are falling off . The instructions are worthless . None of the pieces are labeled so you really have to pay attention to the pictures which can be tricky at times as quite a few look the same . I was completely frustrated with steps 18 & 19 as no where did it show that you had to put a piece behind the top and bottom jaw bones of the dinosaur and screw them together . And the screws did n't fit very well . Also after putting together sections 13-16 it jumps to setting up another section 17-19 but on step 20 it shows the section -LRB- 13-16 -RRB- already on the mountain and you are supposed to guess how it should line up . I bought this toy on Black Friday for $ 18 and even then I paid to much so I do n't know why people are selling this product for hundreds of dollars . Well day one and my son played with it for a total of ten minutes . This toy is thirty minutes of your life that you WILL NEVER GET BACK . Not a very good first impression of Imaginext . Shame on you Fisher Price .
 This is nothing but a source of frustration because it will not stay together . I have even tried to glue the parts together . Very poorly made and definitely not worth it .
 I agree with the other reviewers , my 6 yr old daughter was so excited to receive this only to be disappointed and fustrated every time she `` tried '' to play with it . General play has it falling apart , and it is very hard to put back together . Needless to say this is sitting in a pile in our basement . Please save your money , it was not worth it !!
 the dinosaur head constantly falls off when we go to press the buttons to make in roar or light up . the head was made to heavy to be held up the way they made it .
 My son used the first birthday money he ever got to buy this toy ... what a mistake . He is five , and can not put it together himself . It falls apart every time he plays with it . The moving parts fall off if you touch them . He does love the roaring head , but that is the only saving grace of this very poorly designed toy .
 ok this is in pieces lord knows where !
 As we owned about 19 of the dinosaurs we were excited to find the mountian and waited with my boys -LRB- 5 and 8 -RRB- till it arrived . Husband puts it together and the first night ... It snaps in half . NO probs . Its designed to come apart . What it 's NOT designed to do is go back together . By the 3rd night of rebuilding and failing ... -LRB- its very complex -RRB- I was ready not just to throw it in the trash but to smash it into tiny pieces with a large hammer 1st . -LRB- I am USUALLY a very patient woman -RRB- My advice ... ? When you 1st get this together ... super glue it so it wont come apart again EVER.At the end of the day the question is ... is it worth getting ??? ... Answer . . NO .
 My kids get so frustrated playing with this toy because it always falls apart . It is really hard to put back together , and extremely difficult for kids to try to reconfigure . Since we received it as a gift my children barely play with it . They decided it is more frusterating than fun . It now sits in a disassembled heap on a shelf and should be thrown out . I wonder what kind of kid testing this toy went through before reaching the market !
 This toy is constantly falling apart . You can not move it and general play knocks it apart . It was not easy to assemble and worse to re-assemble . Do n't buy it . the concept it good but the execution is poor . I was really disappointed .
 I bought this for my then 3 year old son and it was recently thrown away because it would not stay together . It was difficult to put together initially , and did not stay together for him to even play with . It ended up in a drawer and he played with the dinosaurs separately . My recommendation would be to stay away from it . It is definitely not worth it .
 Although this toy states for 4-8 year olds , I think it would work best for the higher end of this spectrum . Getting this Mountain together took some work and although I like that idea of being able to rearrange and reconfigure it however you want , this choice leaves the entire piece unstable . TIP
 My Husband and I just bought this toy for our son 's 6th Birthday , we thought it looked like such a neat toy for him to have , we bought all the dinosaurs and accessories for it also . Our son LOVE 'S Dinosaurs !! It took my husband about 20 minutes to get it together , and about 10 minutes for it to fall apart ! My son tried to move it to his bedroom and did n't even get it off the ground when all 3 levels came apart ! The plants and everything fall right off , and it in NO way snaps together or anything ! If you barely touch the thing it falls apart . My son was SO excited to get it put together so he could play with it , now he is afraid to touch it because it falls apart and we are ALL tired of putting it back together . I feel it is very poorly made and I would n't spend the money on it again . I am going to buy some super glue and see if I can get it to stay together that way . Although we do Love the Imaginext toys , this one gets two thumbs down !
 We got this for out 5 year old son who is a dinosaur fanatic . He has most of the dinosaurs to go with it . He hardly ever plays with the mountain because it wo n't stay together . The idea to be able to reconfigure it is great , but the pieces keep coming apart . My son loves the dinosaurs and plays with them all the time , but not the mountain .
 I really hate this toy . I bought it at ToysRUs and I did n't save the receipt because I assumed that Fisher Price toys were sturdy . This toy is a complete frustration to me and my son . It is constantly falling apart , the noises work only once or twice after pushing the button because the switch becomes dislodged after one or two presses -LRB- then `` MOM !!! Fix the Dinosaur Jaw again !!! '' -RRB- . I tried taking it back -LRB- in original packaging -RRB- and ToysRUs would n't honor their return policy . I read the girl the return policy that was hanging above her head and she said , `` Sorry , there 's nothing I can do . '' I will be writing ToysRUs about this toy and Fisher Price for their complete lack of intelligence when designing this product . Yes , I am angry . Even if I did n't have the bad customer service I would still give this product a 1 star . It was really a BAD design . It should lock together more like Legos . Those tiny little studs do n't hold up against child 's play.EDITED TO ADD
 I must say that the dinosaurs that go along with this set are absolutely outstanding and durable . BUT the mountain has been in a pile since the 1st time my son played with it.The 1st time putting it together was rather difficult . -LRB- 1st imaginext purchase -RRB- And it fell apart within 5 minutes . The action parts worked once or twice and never functioned again . The structure seems to fall apart in levels , with the heavy dino head on top always being the 1st to go.The only plus was the sound effects.Great Concept ... Poor Poor Poor Execution !
 My son wanted this sooo badly for Christmas . It was really his only request . He is 4 and loves dinosaurs . It was a real disappointing when it fell apart within 5 minutes of playing with it . We put it back together and it was apart in a couple of minutes again . Basically it has been in a pile ever since . Once he got part of it out to be a dock for his pirate ship .
 This toy is advertised as a set that you play with . When you get it you realize it 's a hard to put together `` project '' . Playing with it just makes it fall apart ... and I would think something that has dinosaurs attacking it and cave men sliding around on it should be made to withstand a little punishment . I decided to glue it together . This is the worse `` some assembly required '' toy I have ever purchased . I have purchased lots of toys and put lots together and I normally have no problem with spending the time and effort to put something together when I am rewarded by a fun and sturdy end product . If this was advertised as something you build , a building toy or something like that I would be less disappointed ... If you have a kid who likes this sort of thing and likes to build models and has some glue get this toy . If you have a little guy , like I do , who just wants a `` dinosaur castle '' do n't bother getting this it does n't hold up to much play and is frustrating for him to put back together . We like toys we can play with not toys we have to just look at .
 I bought this toy for my 4year old son 's birthday . He has all the dinosaurs , so I thought this would be great , but it keeps falling apart . I definitely agree with the person who said it is better left on the table and for older kids . My son does like playing with it though when it stays together .
 This toy is a great concept . It allows the child to build the system and then play with it . The problem is , that once your child spends an hour building it , it quickly falls apart once they begin playing with it . We have not been successful in keeping it together and it has been frustrating for all of us .
 It falls apart if you TOUCH it . The head is too heavy for the top and constantly makes it tip over , or it falls off on its own and takes a myriad of other pieces with it . There is n't a SINGLE piece that actually stays where it should once a child touches it . My 3 1/2 year old loves the dinosaurs and sound effects of this toy and will play with the pieces while waiting for Mommy to help him put it back together again - which is time consuming and frustrating because it will only go right back to the pile of junk it was to begin with as soon as it is touched . You 'd be better off going to the dollar store and buying a can of 12 plastic dinosaurs - those are the only things your child will be able to touch if you buy this anyway .
 My son loves to play with this toy , however it falls apart . I tried crazy glue and that did not work . Now I used a hot glue gun . This has worked OK , but for what you pay you should not have to figure out how to keep it together , that is the comapnies job . I would have returned this toy , but we through the box away Christmas morning . Cute concept , but I think the company needs to re-think the configuration .
 My 5 year old son wated this toy very badly . I searched for it at Christmas and had to order it at our local TOys R US becasue it was the HOT toy . I wish I had read the other reviews to see how bad the toy was.It does not stay together . aS soon as my son touches it , it falls apart . It took over and hour to put together and seconds to fall apart . I called FIsher Price and complained and they said `` they knew of the problem '' and sent me extra pieces to hold it together . They do not work . It still falls apart . My son has not played wiht this $ -LSB- ... -RSB- toy sicne a week after Christmas . He hates it ! The Mordrids castle is the same.ADVICE
 I bought this for my son at Christmas . He was 5 months away from 4 years and in love with dinosaurs . This toy falls apart way too easy . You constantly have to rebuilt it even with gentle play . I realize the pieces are designed for this feature , however , it becomes frustrating to the child who just wants to play . The pieces are fun to play with as well as the dinosaurs , however , I will not continue to add to this collection and will hot glue it together .
 My son is obsessed with the Imaginext dinosaurs and has almost everyone in the collection . The T-Rex mountain was a gift for his 3 year old birthday and PERHAPS it 's just oo old for him . But I 'm way older than the age range and I ca n't stand this item . Like previous reviewers say , it 's made SO poorly . I could n't even figure out how to put it together . My husband had to . Then , once it 's together , it falls apart at the drop of a hat . And you can imagine what happens when a young boy actually plays `` dinosaur '' on it . So , once it 's apart , I ca n't even figure out how to put it back together again . I 'm almost to the point of throwing it away because all it does is clutter up our play room . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM.My one positive remark is that my son does like how the `` skeleton '' swallows up the little men and they 're trapped in the cage .
 I recommended my mother-in-law get this toy for my son for Christmas . It 's not cheap , so now I feel bad because he never plays with it because it falls apart whenever he or his friends try to play with it . He 's good at putting things together -LRB- he 's almost 5 -RRB- but it 's a challenge for even an adult because it falls apart as you 're trying to put it together . My son used to see this in its glass case in the toy departments and wanted it SO BAD - now I know why they keep it in a glass case - because it falls apart as soon as you touch it ! It 's frustrating and it 's a choice I regret .
 Santa got this for our almost 5 year old son . At first he was thrilled with his new toy ... the burping dino is pretty cool ! However , it was a challenge to assemble for us adults . Our son can not assemble this himself at all and it falls apart constantly . The idea of being able to disassemble and reassemble is wonderful , if only it actually worked that way . A challenging and frustrating toy and not worth the hassle or the money . If only we knew before Christmas !
 This toy was the worst toy my son has ever owned . Santa bought this toy for Christmas and it fell apart the next day ! My son became so frustrated -LRB- he 's 4 -RRB- that he asked me why did Santa bring such a terrible toy -LRB- that one was difficult to explain let me tell you -RRB- ! I was unable to get the pieces back together so you know it was an impossibility for my son . I even spoke with the original person who assembled it -LRB- Santa 's elf ;-RRB- -RRB- and he refused to fool with it again -LRB- by the way he 's a very mechanically inclined elf who even installed our kitchen cabinets -RRB- because it was such a pain ! Needless to say we literally threw it away within the week -LRB- I would have tried to return , but the box was thrown away and ordinarily I would have donated it to Goodwill , but I did n't think I should torment another child with this poorly made toy -RRB- . I was very disappointed because my son loves dinosaurs and it is a good concept , but the reality was a different story ... the dinosaurs that you can purchase seperately are nice and so far durable so I would purchase those again just not this ...
 I got this for my 3 year old sond and it falls apart so easy , it is so not worth the money . They only thing my boy likes is the sound effects .
 We bought this toy for our 5yr old who loves dinosaurs . It is really hard to put together and if you lose the box or instructions you may never get it right again . I think it 's to hard for kids and most adults . I worked on it for over an hour -LRB- without the box or instructions -RRB- and could not get it set up correctly ... very frustrating!I recommend buying the dinosaurs but not the mountain .
 we were just at Toys r us ; a fisher price representative was there showing this toy . My three yr old was so excited to see it out and put together and was anxious to play w/it . It kept falling apart , he was barely touching it when the whole top toppled down and fell completely apart . The fisher price rep. said , you have to be careful w/it ! She was frowning as if it were my son 's fault . It is for 4 yr olds , my son is two months from 4 , yet you must be careful w/it ???? The idea is really cool , and my son loved it if it would have stayed together . There is a part where you flip the boulder out of a plastic cup , this part kept coming off and the rep was putting it back together with lots of pressure , more pressure than a 4 yr old has . The way it is designed is not condusive to 4 yr old boy play . I was also not impressed w/the fisher price representatives lack of patience with children playing with this toy , as my son and others were playing with it and it kept falling apart as she is trying to keep it from falling completely apart and trying to grab falling parts . I would not recommend this toy . This is not a toy a child can play with without an adult there constantly to reassemble it and I mean constantly to grab the falling parts and keeping it from completely coming apart .
 This toy looks great in the box . My son and nephew were both very excited when they saw it in the store . My son received it for Christmas and after about 20 minutes I decided this was definitely going into the give-away pile . The different levels and sections do not stay together very well . Even as I was putting it together it would fall apart . With very light play the sections came apart . My nephew was still enamored with it so I gave it to him . My sister said she 'll probably glue the sections together . Hopefully that will help .
 This toy is cute but it has no ON/OFF button ! Why do manufacturers do that ?!?! It 's loud and has a tendency to start making noise by itself sometimes -LRB- which is REALLY annoying when it starts tweeting in my toddler 's room while he is sleeping ! -RRB- We finally had to put it all the way down in the basement to avoid being jolted awake in the middle of the night . We received it as a gift but I never buy toys that makes sounds if they do n't have an OFF button . So annoying !!
 Bought this for my youngest daughter -- she has brothers just one and two years older , and they did n't like it , either . They mostly wanted to stand on it . It 's now in the attic ... I 'll probably donate it to a local day care center ...
 My daughter received this toy last Christmas when she was 13 mo. old . I thought it was a great toy . She loved it for about a month , then it became a chair . She loves sitting on it to play her toy piano . It 's loud and obnoxous , plus the toys are impossible for a young child to actually pop on . My daughter is now 2 and still has no interest . The batteries died about 8 months ago and we still have not replaced them . So you can see it has n't been used if the batteries have n't been replaced for that long . I have decided to give this toy to charity instead of having it clutter my childs room for another year .
 My son got this toy last Christams from a relative . Right off , i thought , oh good , a stacking toy . hei s about ready for that . So we get it home and open it up . like the one gentleman said before , one of the legs didnt fit just right . not even a hour later . . you guessed it . My smart kid figured out how to get that lame leg off . and i havent been able to keep it on since . He doesnt use the pop on toys that came with it . keeps trying to match them with legos . . even after showing him . He just thinks that he is suppose to sit in the green mesh basket part . I think that this is one of the lamest toys i have ever had for him.On the other hand , if you dont have the extra money to get your kid his or her own chair then there you go .
 I received the wrong product when I ordered this - I got the Fireman 's theme instead . We decided to keep the toy for a gift . It 's cheap , and that shows in the construction and detail . Overall , it 's a decent cheap toy but definitely not impressive .
 We bought this for our grandson 's second birthday . My husband put it together and basically before he had moved away from it our grandson had taken all the parts off . No matter how hard my husband push on the pieces to `` click '' them in they would easily be pulled out . Our grandson loved the basic concept of driving the cars up and down the drive but the ramp was n't there because he had easily unhooked it . We were very disappointed in the qualilty of this product and would not recommend it .
 Luckily -LRB- for me -RRB- my mom bought this expensive toy for my son . He got it when he was around 12 months old and did n't really play with it much for the first six months . He initially was afraid of the sounds it made ! He mainly tore off the arc with the `` P '' on it to use for teething . Later on he snapped the little barrier arm to the elevator in two-which created a potential choking hazard in the small round piece created when it broke . He does love the magnetic cars , though . He enjoys the sounds the garage makes now that he 's 21 months old , but still does n't really get the concept of running the cars through the car wash or sending them for a ride in the elevator . I 'd say this is a toy for a three year old and up . Overall , I 'm glad he 's gotten some enjoyment from this toy but I 'm glad I was n't the purchaser .
 My toddler LOVES taking this toy apart . Sadly , that 's not why we purchased it !!! Thing is , it falls apart so easily , it becomes more of a parts toy that can go in and out of the toy box , rather than being at all useful as an actual toy garage . For the price , we expected so much more.On a bright note , he really does love the cars . He can push them around individually but loves to connect the magnets and make train sounds while rolling them around .
 We actually bought this toy from -LSB- ... -RSB- during the Christmas 2008 season for -LSB- ... -RSB- It was n't even worth that much . It does n't stay assembled and the lights and sound barely work , if at all . I felt severely ripped off and I did n't pay the full asking price of this toy . My son loved it , but we threw it out after a couple of months due to the fact that it was all broken by then
 If this worked it should be worth about 35 bucks , but it does n't even stay assembled . My toddler loves ramp type toys but whenever he tries to play with it the ramp and tower come apart . There are no screws or snaps to hold them in place , they just `` rest . '' Yeah right . You ca n't use it to play cars , it 's just a giant poorly designed heavy puzzle to be put together by the parent over and over again .
 With the slightest touch the toy falls apart where it is supposed to `` snap '' together . Called the company about it and they had massive attitude . Will never buy IPlay again .
 We have a 2 year-old and quadruplet 1 year-olds in our home . We bought this toy for our 1 year-olds . This toy has been in our home for 2 months now and has proven to be a big disappointment . I was so excited to get this toy as I thought it looked like a lot of fun and have had my eye on it for over a year . It looks like a GREAT toy . The colors are bright and vibrant , the cars are perfect for little hands to grasp and it lights up and plays sounds , but the toy DOES NOT STAY TOGETHER ! Very frustrating . It is easy to assemble because you just have to set the pieces in the right spots . I assumed the pieces would have a secure snap together system as most plastic toys do , but the pieces just slide together and easily slide back out . If only this toy would stay together it would be a fabulous toy ! Instead , the yellow tower constantly tips over , the green ramp can easily be pulled off , the red slide can also be pulled off by little hands and the car wash sign comes off and becomes a poking hazard . I spend most of my time putting this toy back together for our kids . If the toy is together it can be quite fun and educational . The colors are engaging and the kids need to `` find '' where the car went after it goes down the ramp or in the elevator . If you do n't mind constantly putting a toy back together then this toy might be worth your money . If the company upgrades this toy , I hope they include a secure snapping system for all the pieces .
 My son received this for his first birthday and I thought it was going to be something he loved but not in the slightest . It comes apart much too easy . About the only thing my son has enjoy about his toy is pushing the buttons to make noises . It 's a cute idea but it needs to be better built in my opinion . I would not and am glad I did not spend the money on this .
 It 's a great looking toy but the parts do n't snap together they rest in place , had I known that , I would have passed on this one . I returned it . I was spending a good part of my day putting it back together over and over again . It also should come with a helocopter for the helocopter pad but does n't so the kids put the cars up there , it 's confusing ...
 My son is 3 , and we have two different sets of trains . The classic wooden one , and this one . The one that he is always pulling out and playing with is the wooden one . I 'm not sure why , I understand every kid is different , but we actually bought the geotrax set a few years back , and have since bought a couple of extensions to go with it , and we originally bought it for our daughter the first year it came out I believe . We dropped over $ 100 for the basic set , and about 15-20 per each extension . She 's barely touched it . The prices have dropped since then , but it still makes me a little upset how much we spent on it , and how little it 's been used . The geo trax set is set to go in the garage sale pile this year , and we 'll use the money to invest in some more parts for the wooden set which our son dearly loves -LRB- which btw are much more cheaper and do n't need batteries !! -RRB-
 I am sorry we purchased this toy for my 4 year old . She does not have the strength or patience to push each of the pieces of yarn through the rubber board . She was not interested .
 He is a cute bear but very tiny for the price . He could fit in an xmas stocking but by no means is a full size huggable bear . Very soft and sweet thought .
 My husband and myself were extremely dissappointed in this item . First the masts come off way too easily , the flags do not stay on . There is noooo room aboard the ship for my son to play with the pirates . Also it does not roll vey well either on the carpet or hard wood floors it tips over way to easily.We were very dissappointed and even emailed the company -LRB- we got no response -RRB- So if you are looking for a good pirate ship for your toddler try somewhere else .
 I ORDERED THIS ITEM FOR MY THREE YEAR OLD GRANDSON AND WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED . THE SAILS FEEL OFF THE POLES AND THE DECK ON THE SHIP WAS SO SMALL THAT IT BARELY HELD ONE FIGURE .
 This product is in now way as described . The filling is compressed to the point where you sink immediately to the ground . It does not feel like sleeping on a cloud at all . Bits of trash poke as well . Additionally , once you open it - it is impossible to replace in the box for shipment back to amazon for a refund . I highly doubt it is safe for children as my cat sunk right down and was caught in all the loose fabric . This is not a chair in any sense .
 Comfort Research must be the worst brand of high end bean bags out there.This product is definitely not worth the asking price . The fuf inside sticks together a lot and makes for a lot of sharp edges to stab you in the back when you sit down . Mine also arrived with a damaged cover . There was a small rip we did n't detect in the fabric until the second day we had it . As the fuf got more air and expanded , the rip got bigger and bigger . Since the product is too big to return , we had to settle with duct taping the rip -LRB- real ugly -RRB- , and accepting a meager 15 % refund.Worst of all , its just a bean bag . This is n't high end furniture that is going to last for years , this thing 's got to have a lifespan of about two months , tops . You can get something just as good or better for a fraction of the price of this thing on this very site if you just go with a different brand . Heck , if you go with a different color of the same item , you can shave almost $ 80 off the purchase.I 'm very disappointed in this product , and I definitely do n't recommend anyone else buy it .
 Pros
 I ordered this cart for my 16 month old son after a trip to a children 's museum where he fell in love with a mini shopping cart . I was very excited for the item to arrive . However , when it did I was very disappointed . The wheels were plastic and did not roll smoothly . They scratched the wood floors ! The seat is actually a piece of fabric , not plastic like I would have thought . It is not worth the money . I sent it back and I am currently looking for a replacement .
 This shopping cart is not safe for children to use . My children were constantly having accidents with it because it would come unlocked and fold in half while they were pushing it . We ended up throwing it away and ordering the old plastic version .
 This cart is awful . The wheels are always sticking and my daughter cant push the cart correctly . Imagine having your car wheels turned all the way to the right and trying to drive down a straight street . It 's also so light that it tips over . I had to attach a weight so that it was even usable . I can not say enough bad things about it .
 We actually bought this at a Children 's Museum over a year ago . They had one on display and it looked to be great quality . We brought it home and quickly realized that the wheels are always coming misaligned . Every time we think we 've figured out a way to keep them pointing straight , we are soon disappointed . The piece of fabric that attaches to the `` seat '' portion is so flimsy that not even a very small toy can sit there . The metal portion of the `` seat '' always comes undone , we were able to re-attach it the first 806 times , but somehow now neither myself nor my husband can get it re-attached in a way where the seat will stay propped open . Overall we are very disappointed . We bought it hoping for extra good quality , and instead it is very poor quality .
 My grandchild love its but wish I waited and shop around more.to find its cheaper .
 I ca n't imagine a worst start than to have a device packaged with it 's cutting blade exposed to the unwary and cutting someone as they tried to open it , but that 's what happened . After bleeding profusely and exhausting my profane descriptors I managed to put this thing together and try a test cut . You learn right away the one little screw wo n't hold it aligned and it flexes in the middle of a cut changing a circle into an oval . Tightening further just pulled the screw head thru not allowing it to tighten at all ! I finally had to drill holes and put TWO bolts thru it with wing nuts to make it work at all . If you ca n't fix things do n't bother .
 I received this for my son for the holidays . My first impression was a very strong overwhelming paint odor . The other problem was trying to identify the pieces . Fortunately the pieces have a small symbol at the base to show what it is . But it does make it difficult to play , as it is very easy to misidentify a piece.My last beef was it 's a bit difficult to repack as they are vacuum packed in plastic and finding the correct location for each piece is impossible.If you want a chess set go out and buy a chess set . This is only useful if you are a collector of some sorts .
 This is by far not worth the money I paid for it . I ordered it as a suprise for my daughter 's classroom . It is a plaster like cast with very little detail . It came late -LRB- ordered 10/18 , recieved 11/5 -RRB- . It is damaged -LRB- chipped in one corner -RRB- , dirty -LRB- covered with plaster-like dust -RRB- , and will break the first time it is dropped or bumped . I probably could 've used clay and some plaster to make a cast of simliar quality myself . Do n't waste your money !
 Horrible product . Do n't waste your money . Cheap plastic bottle does n't have a removeable top , so you have to squeeze it very hard while holding it under water to fill it . The bottle is so flimsy it split apart all the way down the seam the second time I tried to fill it for my daughter to use . Bottle also has to be squeezed harder than any toddler could manage to dispense water into doll 's mouth , so I had to do it for my daughter . You also have to have the doll on the potty while giving her the bottle , as water flows out immediately AND Doll wo n't stay on the potty without falling off unless you hold her there , so it takes 2 adults to potty this doll .
 This is the third snap circuit setup I 've gotten for my boy , and the prior experience has been first rate . With this one , the plastic controller battery housing requires opening a door affixed by a philips head screw , which stripped in the attempt to install the first battery . So I 'm stuck . For $ -LSB- ... -RSB- they should be able to find a screw that 's made of something other than aluminum and installed by someone other than an arm wrestling champion . This gets an F each for design , assembly and materials .
 Buyers beware ! I bought the RC Snap Rover from Amazon for my son this Christmas . Imagine his disappointment on Christmas day when he and his sister put it together and found that it did not work . I consoled him as best I could and sat down to try the advance troubleshooting circuits to check what was wrong . Finally found out that it was the motor control IC module that was defective ! Even before completing the circuit as shown on the advance troubleshooting guide the wheels start revolving on their own accord . I tried calling Eleno 's customer service number several times but just keep going in circles getting no one to speak to and not even able to leave a message ! I am surprised that a company like Elenco Electronics has such poor customer service . I am extremely disappointed with this product especially as it is so expensive . What a piece of junk !
 My 5yr old son ,12 yr old son , and 6 yr old daughter did not like this toy very much . I had a hard time putting together and I am an adult ! Maybe we 're just dumb but all this basically is a slow moving boring rc car that you snap together the top circuitry for . I was hoping you build from scratch up and kids could really see how the motors work etc. but its not like that . Its incredibly slow once you get it together.The lights are the only cool thing about it I think . It had overall great review rating the reason I got it to begin with but it was not a hit at our house . I would have done better with some legos . Legos have been loved by all three of out kids . You now the old k.i.s.s. saying , keep it simple stupid !
 compared to Haba products , this was disappointing , one the seam broke the first week and I have a 6 month old girl w / teeth . I wish the quality was better . Cute overall .
 This product was rated as containing high levels of arsenic and lead and other chemicals . As per some of the reviews I hate to think that babies are ingesting this garbage . Here is the link :[ ... -RSB-
 This was so cute ... until I saw my 6 month old chewing on this product with green tint on her chin and green tint on her little outfit . She was chewing on the flower with the green handle and I was floored . I know things fade sometimes but did n't know baby drool would cause color fading .
 Ok . At first I thought this toy was great . But really ... it is n't . As far as a shape sorter goes ... this is a pretty poor example . The birds are over stuffed and do not fit into their respective holes . In addition , if one DOES manage to a get a bird in to the house through it 's hole , there is n't really enough room for all of the birds unless the house is busting at it 's seems.The birds are cute , the house is cute , but it just does n't live up to it 's claim of being a shape sorter . My ten month old never plays with this toy and shows zero interest in it . Not even just to play with the birds .
 I love all things Melissa and Doug , however , this toy was disappointing to me.Each bird fits in and out of each whole , and the shapes are quite hard to distinguish so from the educational perspective under which it was purchased it is of little use.I think the wooden sorters are much better , but in the meantime this is spening a lot of time at the back of the toy box : -LRB-
 Despite the description as being a `` drink-and-wet doll '' , this doll does n't actually drink water or wet ! It 's useless for potty training . Very misleading .
 I thought this toy would be something my 6 month old could play with , but the toys r so much bigger than the opening of the container that it would take a strong person to get them in or out . Even my 3 year old couldnt get them out , and asked for my help . hmm . I usually love melissa and doug toys , but this one I just do n't get . i even looked online to see if there was something i was missing but no .
 The product is a `` fill & spill '' type of toy , but it does n't do that . You can FILL the bag , but you have to practically PUSH the toys through the opening , and when you turn it over to dump everything out , nothing falls out because either the opening on the bag is too small , or the toys are too big . My baby loves to play with the toys inside , so we just leave them out because there is no way she would be able to get them in or out of the bag . A little disappointed .
 So , I was excited when I ordered this , it seemed perfect for my 1 yr old who has been very interested in filling up and dumping containers , and I love melissa and doug toys . The design is cute , the idea is cute , the bugs are cute , make interesting sounds and have nice textures ; however , the toy definitely does not perform up to par , or even up to its name , `` fill and spill . '' That is exactly what my son * wants * to do with this toy , but the bugs do n't `` spill '' out of the container - the opening is not large enough to allow it . He also has difficulty getting the bugs in or out by hand for the same reason
 This is a cute toy , and my baby enjoys the sensory features of the bugs , but to describe it as &#34; fill & spill &#34; is misleading . The mouth of the jar is so narrow that it takes a little force to insert or remove the plush bugs . Boo !
 I gave this toy to my 6 month old and he was not very interested in it . He could n't get the bugs in and out of the jar himself and still has difficulty at 9 months . It 's even difficult for an adult to get the bugs out of the jar as you have to really pull them out of the small jar opening . This age range is very interested in filling and spilling -LRB- is a developmental milestone at this age -RRB- and my son loves to do that with other toys , but this toy is clearly not made for this purpose .
 We got this story when our son was a baby . The individual pieces were interesting but he could n't actually get the pieces in and out which was the point of a toy labeled fill and spill . The top opening is way to small .
 This would be a great toy if the opening was larger , right now I have to shake it ALOT to get the toys to spill out , no way a baby could do it .
 the sea creatures are cute , but not very entertaining , does n't hold the attention . I thought it was a little overpriced for what I received
 This set is VERY difficult to play with . The tiles appear to be branded with ink that runs outside of the lines of the characters and numbers . For example , a # 1 dot looks like a number 4 because of the sloppy imprinting . The imprints are also not in alignment with one row of dots higher than the other row , and once again , ink running into the wood around the imprint . The wooden racks are not long enough to use as a guideline when you build your wall in front of them , so you need to physically count your tiles each time you start a new game , as opposed to the American version with the longer , clear racks . These racks are also low on the table and hamper viewing of exposed tiles because the wall is directly in front of those tiles . Do yourself a big favor and buy the American version with the ivory or white plastic tiles and the higher racks .
 I purchased this for my very active 4 year old . I liked the idea , but it really stinks ! We ca n't get the games to play the way they are supposed to . When you wiggle your arm to `` touch '' one thing on the screen , it ends up picking up everything else on the screen . We have tried everything ! Very disappointed .
 I was excited to purchase this product for my high energy 3 1/2 yr old son . It 's a good concept , however , my son can not seem to stay in the proper position within the screen , and a slight wrong move will make the game have a mind of its ' own . I 've tried using it only 2x , but he shows no interest in it . Maybe better for an older child ?
 my nintendo 64 still works and it 's almost 20 years old , but this Ion has stopped working at around 5 years . Yes that 's a long time but my kid still wants to play with it and it does n't work anymore . It was not worth it in the long run but it was fun while it lasted , kids can see themselves on screen playing games but gets boring since they only produced a couple games before discontinuing .
 I 've been taken a few times , and this was one of them . This was a cheap thin styrofoam molding overlaid with a paper print of the whitehouse , and then cut into a `` zillion '' repetitively shaped pieces that could hardly be classified as a puzzle . My grandson & I worked for hours on it ; then called in reinforcements from a neighbor who is a Puzzle Pro . After 4 or 5 hours , the neighbor went home shaking his head . We finally stuffed it all back in the box , threw it in the trash can , and ordered the Legos Architecture Whitehouse . And to think , it cost me over $ 45 with shipping to get this piece of trash . Never again !
 I bought this product for my children who were very eager to watch the life cycle of ladybugs . The back of the packaging shows the children how to order the larvae online , how to expect them to pupate and then to watch the adult ladybugs.The problem arose when we opened the box . A bright yellow piece of paper informed us that as US customers we could not purchase larvae , instead we had to purchase live bugs . This completely defeats the purpose of this product.I take umbrage at the packaging promising one thing and the product delivering something different . This product should not be sold as is .
 The cardboard box these came in had obviously been opened before and closed with scotch tape . The carrying case was damaged . It had a big rip on the left side that meant that the cardboard `` wall '' on that side fell out . The dominoes were okay , but it looks like they may be a used set that someone bound with cheap shrink wrap.I got these dominoes for myself as a little Christmas present . I 'm really glad that I was n't planning to give these to someone else . I would 've been really embarassed .
 I guess these punches serve their purpose , but it was n't what I was looking for . I read the reviews before buying . Apparently I was just looking at the price . The punches themselves are ok . The punched pictures you get from them are too small to do anything with . They 've been sitting in the same place since I bought then and I really thought that I 'd get a lot of use out of them . I was wrong .
 Although I was attracted by the patterns of these punches , I am extremely disappointed in the product . Most of the punches will not punch all the way through the paper , even though we 've tried many types and weights of paper . It is a complete waste of money .
 I usually love Melissa and Doug Products . This water color set was anything but wonderful . My daughter used the set all of 3 times before some of the colors were almost gone . All of the colors were muddled from my daughter 's use and did n't come clean quickly like the Crayola watercolor sets do .
 We bought two sets of these paints for our daughter 's stocking stuffers . What a waste of money ! The colors are drab and depressing . Eventually , I passed them off on our 2 year old and gave my older daughters -LRB- 5 and 7 -RRB- a nicer set of Crayola 's recommended on a kid 's art blog . I ca n't believe the contrast . And the funniest part is that my 2 year old is not fooled in the least . When we all sit down to paint and I give her the M&D set , she refuses to use it and instead walks around the table to `` steal '' the paint from her sisters . I chucked the whole thing in the garbage last night . Another negative is that each little paint circle has VERY little paint in it . 3 serious painting sessions , and they are gone . Pass on this one .
 Although my almost 3 yr old daughter had fun painting with these watercolors , they were not vibrant and were quite dull colored . We tried using less water for higher saturation but the colors still looked very water-downed . And if you did n't mix the paint with enough water , nothing would get on the brush . We 've tried Crayola and its color saturation and vibrancy is far better than this Melissa & Doug set . So the painting session was fine but the results were disappointing . And we 've finished a few colors already just in one painting session .
 maybe i missed it in the description that this would be the SO SMALL , but it is NOT what I expected from M & D . It was a gift but way to cheap and small for a gift . Big disappointment !
 I 'm very bummed about spending $ 10 on these watercolors . My daughter was so thrilled to have a set that seemed so exotic -LRB- as they look different from the Crayola watercolors we usually buy , and after this mess , will continue to buy -RRB- so imagine her disappointment when the paint wells were completely empty after only 2 uses . What a total waste of money . I have to say , the Crayola set really ca n't be beat ...
 The box is cute and I did n't think the colors were that bad , although they are less bright than other brands I 've tried . But the brush was extremely disappointing , it was like straw randomly stuffed into the ferule ! I was an art major and I know a good brush , this one was worse than those you typically get for free with any other kid 's paints . Also , I knew the paints would n't last forever , but they lasted less than 2 hours before the bottom of the tray was visible through the paint . A miniature watercolor set I my child also uses has lasted more than twice that long -LRB- and covered about the same amount of paper -RRB- without using up the paint cakes , and it 's doll-sized ! That means not only is the Melissa and Doug set very little paint , it 's also poor quality and dissolves quickly in water . I only spent five dollars on this and I guess it will be a good palette for mixing other brands of paint , so I do n't regret the purchase , but would n't buy these again or recommend them . Crayola washable non toxic watercolors are about the same price and better quality .
 Just like other reviwers said
 The item is very small . The football piece is actually just a rattle . The baseball piece does n't function well . I expected a toy that my son could really interact with . I got a toy he can put a ball in the hoop and listen to the crowd cheer . That 's it . I do n't know exactly what I expected . But , more than what I got !
 My son received this toy for his first birthday . My three year old niece had managed to get her arm stuck in the basketball hoop before my sister wrapped it for my son . I thought that was just a fluke as my niece is very active and likes to explore . My son likes the toy 's music and flashing numbers on the scoreboard but is n't crazy about the football or baseball . They snap onto the toy at the bottom and do n't stay on very well anyway . My son has had this toy for a month now and a few days ago he managed to get his arm stuck in the basketball hoop as well . There is a small plastic wedge that depresses when the ball goes through the hoop that activates the music and lights . My son put his hand down the hoop after the ball and the lever depressed , but once his hand cleared the hoop , it released , leaving him unable to pull his hand back up . I was sitting next to him and was able to reach in and depress the lever enough to slide his arm out but it still scared him enough to make him cry , and he 's a tough little guy . I think this toy could be dangerous and my son is not playing with it until my husband takes it apart and removes that lever . I do n't know how much my son will enjoy then because there will be no sound or lights ... there are better toys in this price range that are not hazardous .
 I purchased this toy for my 1 year old boy . He had more fun playing with the box it came in , than the toy itself . We are big football fans , and I thought it was really cool to have a toy with a football , but it is only a rattle . And it is not even a rattle that he can hold . It just spins . . thats it . The baseball is too hard to spin around , and the sound effects , when a ball is put through the hoop is very annoying . There are so many toys out there , for $ 30.00 , that are much nicer than this one . Do n't be disappointed too .
 The basketball hoop is n't very sturdy and my 10 month old son leaned on it and came crashing down and cut his eyelid . Very disappointed . This was my son 's first and last Little Tikes toy
 The toy does n't do too much , and its very light weight . My 9 month old pulls on the basketball rim and it tumbles over , I 'm still trying to find the purpose of the t-ball stand , it does n't do anything at all , its hard to get it to spin when you hit it with the bat . My son likes the football because when you grab it , it spins around and makes a lot of noise . I 'm pretty sure there are other toys out there sports related with some type of educational value . Although it does cheer when you score a goal and it counts your shots .
 A friend gave this to my now 9 month old as a gift . He pulls the net area and it tips towards him . The football is just a rattle to spin . the bat and baseball might as well not even be there . When he drops the ball through the net , it makes cheering noises and adds points on the score board . After 3 dunks , he 's off to the next toy .
 The basketballs and baseball are about the size of a tangerine and the top of the hoop is barely over my kneecaps . I guess this toy is meant for the really young ones . Once they can walk , this toy has limited entertainment value . It 's so short , that even my 2 year old has to get on her knees to play with it . We 've had it for about a week and it holds her attention for only about 2 minutes per day , tops . I 'm no expert , but besides learning how to put a ball into a hole , I do n't see much educational value in this toy either .
 Looked fun for my 11-month old daughter , however when I plugged in the batteries , there was no power . I thought batteries might have been dysfunctional so I bought another set and brand of batteries . Still nothing . My wife got it to make one slight noise when she pushed on the batteries with the back open and exposed , but whatever electronic features this product has , I have never seen work other than what sounded like a last grasp of breath . Luckily , my daughter never knew the difference and plays with it anyway , likes to walk laps around it holding on and the product never tilted or fell over , so it is durable.I did n't bother to exchange/return .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . So far he has spun the football a couple of times and laughed . Other then that he has no interest . He would rather play basketball with his flimsy nerf hoop then this thing . He is 18 months old and I really thought he would like it but he really does n't . Plus you can hardly hear the music it plays .
 I purchased this toy for my 9 month old . He seems to enjoy the rattle football and the counting when the basketball goes through the hoop . Two problems , I am missing a basketball and the hoop falls off when he just reaches out to hold on . It is not sturdy and I now have him play without the hoop attached !
 This toy was purchased by relatives for our son for his first birthday . He is now almost 16 months old and plays with everything he can get his hands on . Except this toy . The only thing he plays with in regards to this toy is the little `` basketballs '' and he carries around the bat . Otherwise , it holds no interest for him . Maybe he will get more interest in it as he gets older , but the problem is that it 's really sized for kids his age . My almost 4 year old nephew has never been interested in it when he comes over either , because for the past year he 's been playing with a little tikes type basketball hoop and a real football , so he has no interest in a small plastic setup .
 My 3 year old got his arm stuck in this toy , it cut his skin and we had to have the fire department come to our house . This toy is dangerous .
 Terrible Customer Service . My son received the Little Tikes Little Champs Sports Center as a gift . After putting it together , I realized there was a ball missing . I contacted Customer Service and they told me that they would have to replace the entire thing but my best bet would be to return it to the store . I explained to the CR Rep that I already put the whole thing together and that it was a gift and therefore I would not be able to return it without a receipt . CR Rep told me well she would need a receipt as well . All this to replace a tiny 3-inch ball ? I had much bigger and more expensive things replace from other companies without question . I am VERY disappointed in Little Tikes Customer Service . Not worth purchasing !!!
 I came across this toy during a search for outside toddler toys . I have very active 14 month old triplet boys , and I am looking for thing that they can play with/on together . I would recommend this toy for a 6-12 month single child , rather than 6-36 months . The item description indicates that children can play together , it 's two small to allow enough wiggle room for that .
 We got this as a toy for my 1-year old son . He rarely played with it because it simply was not engaging enough . It had some sounds when a basket was made , but it used up the batteries really quickly . Do n't spend your money on this .
 I bought this toy for my son for Christmas . I thought he would enjoy the toy because he already likes to place balls and other items into baskets and he likes rattles . Unfortunately the toy ended up being a disappointment because it is SO LOUD ! It scares him everytime I turn it on and there is no way to control the volume . I know lots of kid toys are loud , but I have never heard one as loud as this one .
 my daughter is 7 months and loves this toy - i do n't turn the sound on because i ca n't stand it . however today she GOT HER HEAD STUCK between the basketball piece and the football uprights . i have no clue how she did it but i had to break it apart to get her free . but she still loves the basketball part . but now i wo n't let her us it without me sitting right next to her .
 I 've never tried Little Tikes toys before so when Toys R Us had a sale -LRB- buy 1 get 1 -RRB- I was like let 's try them out . Got 6 things . The Sports Center , Tool Bench , Guitar , Xylophone and 2 30th Anniversary Coupes . EPIC FAIL on all except the coupes.The toys are cheaply made with little to no thrills . They 're essentially 1 dimensional toys with just the `` play '' factor . The ones that have sounds have a limited capacity with barely audible noise/music . I have been intrigued with most of my son 's toys , this one lasted barely a minute out of the box before we moved on and opened another toy . Awful waste of money.Why I did n't like the Sports Center : The scoreboard counts to 10 - then does a half cheer and resets to 0 . That 's it , nothing more - no music - no sound effects beyond a cheer - nothing snazzy or jazzy about this toy . The football - just spins , the baseball , the ball does n't detach , the bat is lame . It 's a very limited toy in the education department , things that he 's been doing or learning with other toys.What I 'm going to do : Try to return it - if they 'll take it back , if not , I 'll just chalk it up to a lossWhat I did : Went and got the Fisher Price Brilliant Basics First Baseball - so far AMAZING !! The ball is attached for baby 's use now , as he gets older , the holder rises and he can swing the bat and hit the ball -LRB- coordination pending -RRB- . Really recommend that toy instead of this waste of space Little Tikes Sports CenterWhat I learned : Stick to Fisher Price - Little Tikes is great for large toys -LRB- ride ones -RRB- but not so much for the little stuff . Do not get my money 's worth .
 I 'm generally not anti-plastic-toys but this box had that toxic plastic-vinyl smell even after months of use AND leaving it open to air out . Not sure what it is made of , I assume vinyl . I sent it off to goodwill , perhaps its odor will not be so offensive to another family . I never felt good about letting my kid play with it . I gave it 3 stars for durability because I think it will probably outlast the planet .
 The item I received does not have carrying handles as shown . The size is shown as approximately 16 x 13 x 9 . The one I received is only 13.25 x 10.5 x 7.5 . Much smaller . Very unhappy with it since I bought the talking dinosaurs which are large and all of them do not fit in the one I received , but would have fit in the one I ordered .
 Bought this for Christmas for my 3 year old grandson , he loves it but the lid is much to large for the box . I expected a larger storage box too .
 Wish they had put a lot of dinos to play with it , My kids -LRB- 5 and 3 -RRB- hated it , they were almost in tears opening the box as a Christmas present -LRB- I was not happy too -RRB- there it is only mat with few dinos .
 Not very good . It should be made of a heavier material so it wo n't rip . Also , the lid needs to be reinforced on the corners . I would pay more for a better product .
 The dog it cute but it is nothing like the photo , it is huge . Though it looks similar it is not what I ordered . The dog 's coloring is different around the head and eyes . It is bigger in general , it is not what I was expecting . The `` fur '' it really long and poofy . The dog looks a lot like Aurora Plush 28 '' Maddy Super Flopsie , but with brown instead of pink and no bow . Is there any way I can get what I ordered ?
 The steps itself are fine - strong and sturdy HOWEVER , the first time we used , we realized that the steps slide on floor away from sink . With the small child on the steps , the child will fall . Even when they are supervised , like we always do , sometimes we are so involved with teaching him to wash his hands , we do n't even realize the child is sliding away from the sink . . I am very unhappy with this product . It needs some type of felt pattern to hold in place .
 We just received nicely packaged but the assembly was impossible ! Even tough materials are of good quality , one hole was drilled in a wrong position so the screw did not align . Filling out the return slip now , very disappointed .
 I will revisit this product review when I finally receive the correct part to actually fully assemble it . The original order came with 2 identical side pieces , when the side pieces should have been mirror images -LRB- reverse -RRB- of each other . So , the half-assembled stool has been sitting in my garage waiting for the delivery of a replacement side piece , which I received today . I had done my best explaining what was wrong to the KidKraft rep on the phone , but I still ended up receiving an incorrect side piece , so the stool is STILL sitting in my garage , doing me absolutely NO GOOD FOR IT 'S INTENDED PURPOSE . Seriously , I do n't have time for this kind of ridiculousness . Get your product packing right , improve your quality control , and STOP WASTING MY TIME . Because of this I will never purchase another KidKraft item , I do n't care if it 's the greatest product on Earth .
 the quality of this product is horrible - `` wooden '' steps break when you put this thing together . Wall Mart sells items , similar to this -LRB- also crappy quality -RRB- but much cheaper .
 The step stool does n't line up flush against the cabinet . As my toddler leans forward over the sink the step stool moves right out from underneath him . I ca n't imagine why they would design a step stool this way . I would not recommend it for use on wood or linoleum floors without some other protection against sliding . At this price , you can do much better .
 I 'm shocked that a company like KidKraft that makes so many children 's products would create something so silly . This step stool is just dangerous ! The gap between the stool and whatever furniture you are placing it against is big enough to get a little foot caught . It is also a little steep and uncomfortable and the picture looks like you 'd be able to lift the top step for storage , but it 's just wasted space . I sent it back as soon as I put it together and tried it out . It 's also very heavy , which I guess can be a safety feature to avoid toppling , but because of the gap it actually just made it more dangerous if it tipped over .
 This stool would be perfect if it were n't angled . If you have a sink with a cabinet , the stool will not be flush against the cabinet because of the angle . Small feet can slip right through .
 The two pictures of the natural wood stool are different step stools . One is a laminate wood and one is a natural wood with thicker pieces of material and inset screws . There is no way to know what you are going to get . The one I received is basically yellow laminated plywood type . I was wanting a step stool made of solid pieces of wood and stained a classic oak color . This product is not as pictured , it is correctly described in the text . If anyone goes to the Kidkraft.com web site and clicks on `` Buy Online '' the first item in the search list comes up on Amazon . Be warned the item pictured on KidKraft.com is not what Amazon is selling . The stool is not horrible , just not what I was expecting .
 This stepping stool is VERY heavy . It also creates a weird gap between the front of the top step and whatever it is pushed against . Not a very good use of space . Also , not for use with a toilet because it puts the child too high to then sit down on the toilet . Perhaps best used to wash hands and things of that sort .
 WARNING
 This toy left much to be desired . I am 28 and found pieces of this toy to hard to take apart and put back together . The batman figure with changeable outfits is just impossible -LRB- had to use plyers to change the head -RRB- . I have super glued portions of this toy so it can be handeled . This toy says 4 and up , personally I think it should be more like 10 and up with high levels of patience .
 I purchased the Fun-2-Learn Teaching Clock for my grand-daughter and was deeply disappointed . The clock did not function as a teaching clock . The alarm would never shut off and the music never stopped . Not a happy ending .
 I would not recommend purchasing anything from AmericaRX which is where I received this toy from . It came damaged and then took me 4 weeks of constant phone calls to their Customer Service department to get a return lable to send the product back . Now lets see how long it takes me to get a credit back on my account . Very disappointed in this whole experience !
 I bought this for my niece as a birthday present and her parents actually gave it back to me !!! They said it chimes constantly on the hour and they ca n't turn it off ! I 'm finding the same problem . I 've put it on the lowest volume and basically stuck it in my daughter 's dresser . This toy would otherwise be a great learning tool ... if we can at least control it !
 We just purchased this clock for our 4 year old and are very disappointed in it . The games and other teaching features are just okay , but the part I really hate , is that it ca n't be turned off . The chime that goes off , every half hour or hour is set by a blue button on the upper right corner , that the kids press all day long . It has four sounds , a chime , a cow mooing , a rooster crowing and silent . The problem is that the kids play with it and it gets left of the annoying cow or rooster sound and then goes all night . I thought I had the answer to this by making sure it was n't in my sons room at night , but then I could hear it from the family room all the way in my room ! I was so tired and mad that I put it outside in the backyard until I could take the batteries out the next day . I am shocked that this toy has such good reviews and just wanted other parents to be aware of this annoying feature . If I had know about this , I would not have bought it .
 I was really disappointed when this showed up . The first one arrived broken . The second one was so loud , even on the `` low volume '' , we had to put tape over the speaker . Took 15 minutes just to `` program '' it with the correct time . Then , as another reviewed noted , the darn thing ca n't be shut off . Half the night you hear it making animal sounds and chiming noises . What idiot designs these things ? I find it confusing in the manner in which it attempts to teach time , and will have to find something better . Very little thought went into this thing .
 Beware . The most recent reviews on this toy are all bad for a reason . I think this toy although new must have been sitting around a long time . The toy would not work and like the other reviewer we initially thought it was just the batteries . We replaced the batteries and the time still would not ever set correctly . The digital clock always showed the minutes as :01 . I looked on Fisher-Price 's website and it seems they no longer sell this toy . Save yourself the hassle and find something else to teach your child to tell time .
 When I open the box , get it out , nothing works . I thought it needs battery , so I open it . I found batteries are there , but they run out of power . I put new inside , then I can hear the sound , but always say it is 12:00 , no matter what is the real time .
 This toy is Big !! However , it is tipsy and weak . Because it 's portable , everything is velcro ! It kept falling over my playful daughter ! It was more of an annoyance than fun ... Makes a fun hiding place and good for peek-a-boo , but not the greatest toy you 'll ever buy .
 This and all the other Hasbro Star Wars Revenge of the Sith figures my son recieved for Christmas are of terrible quality . They pretty much all fall apart -LRB- except maybe the droids -RRB- and then you have missing body parts . The guns are hard to put in their hands or they do n't stay there . I am VERY DISAPPOINTED with Hasbro and this line of toys . The Star Wars figures my brothers and I had when we were kids 20 years ago were of much better quality than these !
 It 's kind of fun to play with it , BUT HOW DOES IT KICK ! Take my advice and get the one with the slashing attack instead .
 I do n't like it a lot because I ca n't figure out how it kicks . The directions do n't make that much sense.I would like it if I could figure out the directions . I would like this toy if it worked .
 I bought this out of boredom as I like to fish and do not have much time go actually go . When I got it , I played it for a few minutes and was bored with it . It is not very realistic at all.I thought maybe I just did not understand how to play it , so I had a guy friend check it out , even he was disappointed in it.We both agree that there are better one 's that you can buy , and one 's that are cheaper even that are better .
 Purchased for a 6 year old boy who loves to fish . Everytime he catches a fish he looses the fish and he gets really frustrated . So I tried it and the same thing happens to me . We do n't understand how to set the hook on this game so we never catch any fish which takes all the fun out of the game . Great concept but I would find one that is easier to use .
 This is worthless . Graphics are terrible and my five year old never did play with it . I wish I would n't have purchased . Please , save your money . No good !!!!!
 I got this figure in the mail one day and I was excited to take it out . I took it out and played with it a little and the next thing I know is his freaking hand falls off ! I pick it up and then it falls again and then it got wedged in the corner of a car so now i will never have his stupid hand again . It would be great if it was more durable . At first I thought it was from the movie at the end but then I realized it was his left arm that gets cut off not his right !
 My son was going to be getting this train set for Christmas . He absolutely loves trains and we thought it was a great buy at about $ 100 . It comes with tons and tons of pieces , plus it 's motorized . We had no idea how HUGE it was going to be though . BE PREPARED to dedicate an ENTIRE room to this train set though . By the time you set it up and leave about a foot or so of crawling space around the track for your child to play , it takes up an entire room . We could not put this set in his room because when he stepped out of bed , he would be stepping right onto his train set AND it would have left no room for anything else in his room . We thought about putting it in our dining room which is huge . But , by the time we left about a foot of crawling space for my son to get completely around his train set , there was no room for my table or for people to even walk from one room to another . If you have a large room to dedicate to this toy , then this is definitely the train set for your child . Sadly to say , we have to return ours and try to find a smaller version .
 For the price , this is an ok set . It would be better for a 5-6 year old , not 3 as the box indicates . If your child is young , it is really difficult and frustrating . It is hard for little hands to put the cars together . This set is also big so that it does n't fit in our train table . The track pieces are so long that alternate track layouts on the train table are very limited . With the batteries our son just watched the train go around and around . We bought a wooden set from Learning Curve which is much better . He can do the cars and put the track together by himself . Since it is not batterey operated , he is actually playing with it - instead of just watching it go around .
 I do n't see how a 3 YO could possibly assemble/manuver / `` fix '' this train . Yes , of course I , my husband , my son 's 16 YO Aunt and her friend all helped to put it together , what a project . Not good on carpet , the track does not stay together and when it breaks , so does my 3 YO 's patience . Toymakers need to cater to little ones , esp . with Thomas , but this is just a bit much for a child under 5 , or a parent over 30 !! Check out any of the GEO Trax systems , they are awesome and much easier for a lil ' one to assemble , sorry Thomas , you blew it this time !!
 I have contacted the company but with no response - never received the product but was billed - probably will not use Amazon . com again .
 A rare LOTR toy that is an utter piece of junk . It does not come preassembled , so you must -LRB- try to -RRB- attach the head and wings . The wings constantly fall out when moved , and the head will not snap into the hole supplied at all . The leg joints are too weak to support the weight of the body , so the thing constantly tips over . And -- although you get a wraith to ride it -- the wraith 's legs do not bend , so he falls off . This is a complete waste of your $ that will frustrate you and your child . Do n't buy it !
 This would be a really cool toy , except Toy Biz has a manufacturing defect on all of the heads , making this action figure impossible to assemble . -LRB- The spring in the head has a defect -RRB- This is a real bummer , especially when this is such a rare find . They are aware of the this at Toy Biz , but have not manufactured any new figures or replacement parts !
 1st of all the timer does n't work properly , it ticks down like it is supposed to but it does n't `` ding '' when finished.also the fur easily pulls our , like as if it is not completely stitched it right .
 THE TOY IS CUTE BUT THE DESIGN TO OPEN THE COVER TO PUT THE DISC IN IS THE WORSE EVER , ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE FOR ME TO OPEN , LET ALONE A 2 Y OLD BOY
 BOUGHT THIS AND THOUGHT LIFE WAS GOING TO TAKE A TURN FOR HTE BETTER - GREAT DESIGN , BABY LOVED IT . HOWEVER , AFTER HALF AN HOUR IN THE CRIB AFTER THE FIRST NIGHT , IT BROKE . THE LIGHT STAYED ON FOR 4 NIGHTS - WE COULD N'T GET IT TO TURN OFF , EVEN AFTER TURNING THE MACHINE OFF . AND IT JUST KEPT BUZZING . SOO ... . GREAT CONCEPT - NOT BABY-PROOF !!!!
 We purchased this 1 month ago for our baby . It has pretty lights and music and a nice recording options . It is very difficult to attach to the crib . The straps just do n't work . It has never really worked consistently and has just quit on us after only 1 month of intermittant use . So disappointing . Do not buy this . There are better options like the fisher price aquarium that work better -LRB- literally for years in our case -RRB- .
 I ordered this for our 5-month-old who is still waking every two hours . I had hoped this would help encourage him to go back to sleep on his own some of the time but it really has n't helped at all.The idea is good ... when you have it on the right setting it will turn on automatically when the baby fusses or cries . The problem is that it also turns on when almost any noise happens in the house . Our nursery is upstairs and separate from the main living space plus I have the door shut and a fan blowing but if my husband coughs downstairs the soother turns on waking my son.The other negative is that it does n't play very long . When the baby fusses it plays for about 1 minute then turns off again . That is not long enough to lull my fusspot back to sleep . If you turn it on without the auto setting it does n't play very long either , not long enough to go from light sleep to deep.I give it to my son to play with when he is awake but it is n't too exciting . He likes to spin the smiley face and hear the funny sound for about 2 minutes and he ca n't work the spinner at all yet . The mirror is too small to keep his attention.When the batteries get low our soother will play a continual note when on and when you turn it off the lights stay on until the battery drains completely or you change the batteries.Overall I have to rate this item low since it is n't working for us at all . It was a great concept but does n't follow through ... maybe ours is n't working the same as others who have reviewed the product ?
 I left a review here already but do n't see it . This product came to me brand new I got it from Amazon but shipped by target . I wrote Chicco about it because it is so quiet you had to put your ear to it to hear , well Chicco never responded to me and here I am not even a month later to report that now the soother does NOTHING at all . i have changed the batteries and it does not work . This was a total waste of money and the company yas dreadful customer service . I am totally disapointed .
 Display is EXTREMELY hard to read . My son wanted me to play this with him , but it 's very hard to answer questions if you do n't even know what you 're trying to answer .
 While this game might seem appealing by the box art work , the game is incomplete . First , it states on the box -LRB- in small type -RRB- that you 'll need to purchase additional game cartridges in order to play this . The sad fact is that the maker , Irwin Toys , never produced the game cartridges ! There is no way you can actually play this game since the additional software is n't out there.Second , when I contacted Irwin Toys , they failed to respond back -LRB- the email bounced back -RRB- . This is not only bad customer service but also makes me think they 've abandoned this product entirely . While I 've seen the game sold at a discount at many online stores , this game is unplayable out of the box . With no cartridges or anything to play it with , its just plastic !
 This lamp looks adorable and I loved using all the hooks for my daughter 's bibs . But the thing broke after only 2 months !! It 's not the bulb , the lamp just stopped working . I 'm really disappointed .
 This toy was shipped to us without the second , third and fourth stage cards . Because it is a new product , Leapfrog has no `` replacement parts '' and so ca n't send me the rest of the stages . Nor will they send me a replacement . You might want to buy it in a store where you can open the box to make sure it 's all there .
 This is such a boring toy to my son . I have even tried to seem excited about it when I bring this toy out , but he was completely uninterested from the start . Also , at 3 months old , he could n't even press or grab onto the levers . I thought maybe he was too young so I would keep trying it , it did n't seem to matter though as it seemed to get less interesting as the stages progressed .
 I purchased this toy as an alternative to my son 's activity gym . He was almost 3 months old when I bought it . It was frustrating because he was n't interested in stage 1 , but liked stage 2 . Stage 2 starts at 3 months , but your child needs to be able to press the levers himself or you have to be there the entire time to press them for him . It just did n't keep him interested like his other toys do .
 I bought this toy because I thought that it would be interactive , but she pushes one button and the music goes on and on , and she loses interest . She hardly played with it . She prefered the Fisher Price baby gyms .
 We got this toy as a gift , when my son was 3 months old . He did n't like it at all , looked scared of it and started to cry after a while . We also have a Fisher Price system with animals hanging from it and he loves that ! He can grab those and could n't reach the shapes on this one . Also , the music is very loud and he gets startled by it .
 This is the first LeapFrog product I ever bought ; I had high hopes for it . Well , it 's the most boring toy I ever purchased . My daughter has had it since she was 3 months old - she is now 5 months old - and has shown no interest in it .
 Please note that this order was taken in error and never received . Credit was to be issued . Note
 They need to revise this game - the idea is good , but the suction cup ruins all the fun ! It is hard to catch any fish on that cup , which is also very small . We had to moisten the darn thing to get anything stuck on it , and even then it takes some pressure to get a fish hooked . Returning it back to the store .
 I am so mad . I ordered this game back in August when I started ordering my Christmas gifts . Yesterday I started wrapping the gifts and thought it was strange that there was black sharpie markings on all sides of the box . I opened it up and all 4 boats had sharpie scribbles on them . Really ... REALLY ! I am not rating the game ; I ca n't imagine an Amazon Vendor sending out something that would appear on the shelves of a Salvation Army store !!!!!
 This is probably the most disappointing Thomas item we have purchased . This , along with Cranky the Crane , were the two toys our son wanted the most for Christmas . This train WILL NOT stay on any of the two tracks we have - one Thomas Track and one generic . I strongly believe there is a design flaw . My son is so disappointed every time he tries to use it and now just leaves it alone . This is extremely frustrating not only because of his disappointment but also the price tag . I would strongly recommend NOT purchasing this time .
 My boys was excited as I showed this toy for them . After I put battery in and played few round , it just wo n't go anymore . I thought it was battery problem so I bought brand new battery and put it in . It is still wo n't work . I was really disappointed . I should have checked reviews before I bought this Item .
 My son received this train for Christmas and was ECSTATIC . We put in a battery and he was off ! Like other people have said , this train DOES NOT stay on the tracks , but I expected that when I added it to his wishlist because I am a review-reader . I figured it would stay on a little better than it did -- every time it hits a curve it flies off -- so if you have a lot of straight lines in your track , this could still be lots of fun for you.Unfortunately , the train WE received died almost immediately . We changed the batteries , tried everything . It was , after 1 day of play , just ... dead.It is on its way back now as a return . We have opted to get a different item instead of a replacement because I feel $ 30 is a lot to spend to have it die immediately and because the falling off the tracks made it hard to play with for my 2 year old.Again , it is a fun item if you have lots of straights in your track , but I have to lop off some stars for it full-out dying on us .
 Purchased one and it broke the day we received it . The jet engine car in the rear is motorized and pushes Thomas and the other trains around the track - essentially turning you standard wooden into a motorized one . A single fall off of the train table and the plastic portion that holds the magnet to connect to other cars broke . Learning Curve customer service was quick to ship out a replacement unit . But again , the day we received it a similar thing happened and it broke in the exact same place . I think it comes down to poor design . The jet engine is already heavy because it is metal instead of plastic , and then you add in the battery . Would be a really nice addition to the set if not for the poor design .
 The pusher pushes the engine off the railroad . Does not do turns the weight distribution is off at the connection magnet . My kids still enjoy it but I would recommend a puller engine instead of this one -LRB- with this flaw the kids have to be more interactive with it -RRB- . Might cause frustration in younger children . Thought about re-engineering it to make it a puller .
 I bought this for more 2 year old who just loves Thomas . He loves to turn the engine on and let it go on the floor . But as soon as you put it on the track it derails as soon as it hits a curve . He still has a great deal of fun with it but I think they need to tweek it a bit so it wo n't go off the track so easily .
 My 4 yr old loves Thomas and has a ton of the various types of Thomas train sets . My husband bought the Thomas and the Jet Engine for him as a special treat . Unfortunately , the jet engine pushes too hard , so if you have any curves in your track , it pushes right off the track . This is very frustrating . Yes I realize Thomas is pushed very fast by the jet engine in the movie , but the toy should n't push him right off the track if there is more than a slight gradual curve . This was a total waste of money . Every once in a while my son will try it again and then puts the jet engine aside again because it wo n't stay on the track .
 Like many of the other children mentioned in the reviews , my son loves the jet engine episode . And while he loves this toy , its design is a source of some frustration . 1 -RRB- The on/off switch is hard for my 3 year old to use , in fact , it is hard for adults to use . We typically have to remove the train from the tracks to do it . The button is too small and when it is turned on , it is flush with the rest of the model . 2 -RRB- My son sometimes prefers to use the jet engine without running the batteries ; while there is a clutch to prevent damage to the motor , it would have been preferable if the car could have free-wheeled forward . For a toy as expensive as this one , that 's not asking much . 3 -RRB- The battery compartment screw is made of cheap metal and the head easily strips . The other screws use a triangular head making it difficult to open and repair -LRB- which it will eventually require -RRB- . I am less concerned than other parents about the tendency of the engine to derail ; you can design a track that is foolproof , and it is also an opportunity to learn about the dynamics of pushing something . On a minor note , I would have preferred if the set actually looked like the jet engine in the episode . I know there have been earlier iterations that did so . This version smells of cost reductions.Addendum
 My son loved this toy . He played with it almost every day . We did have similar problems with it going off of the track on tight curves but most of the time it worked very well and pushed 6 + cars . However , it only lasted one month . It was time to change the batteries since it was slowing down and when we changed them it never started again . It just would click when we pushed the start button . Hopefully the company will honor their 90 day guarantee and replace or repair it .
 My two sons age 3 1/2 and almost 2 love their new Thomas railway system , but this battery powered engine is problematic for even the 3 1/2 year old to operate . It goes so fast that it pushes the engines off the track . -LRB- We have tried about 10 different engines with it . -RRB- It is also too tall to go under one of our bridges . It does not pull cars so we ca n't add cars behind it to try to slow it down either . Both boys have had much better luck -LRB- and more fun -RRB- with the battery-powered James engine .
 This is one of the most frustrating toys that my son has . It 's just too powerful for most any layout and constantly falls off of the track . We love Battery Powered Percy , but this one is propelled by the rear jet engine which causes it to be unstable . Plus , the first model we bought was broken within the first 24 hours .
 We were so disappointed that the Jet Engine stopped working in less than a day . My husband stopped to pick this up for our almost 5 yo on the way home from work , by bedtime it would n't push .
 I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old son who loves trains . We have a Brio engine , but it is not strong enough to pull many cars -LRB- my son likes to put about 5 or more cares behind the engine -RRB- . I figured with this Jet Engine taking 2 AA batteries , it would be up to the task.Well , we found several problems :1 . It is so fast that it often goes off the track around curves -LRB- especially the shorter curve track pieces -RRB- . We have one Y shaped track piece and the jet engine just goes right down the center and off the end .2 . The jet engine only pushes , it does n't pull . There 's only a magnet at the front . We tried putting a bunch of cars in front of it , but when the first few cars go around a curve and the jet engine is still on the straight track , it derails .3 . It 's loud . I would put up with that if it did n't go off the track so often .
 My son recently turned 3 , and while he often tries to play with this toy , it frustrates him because he ca n't get it to stay on the track . Neither can I. Falling off bad enough , but if you have any sort of attachments , like tunnels or special bridges or what have you , it can get stuck on them.Just let your child enjoy watching the rocket on the screen . Stay away from this toy . There are other motor-powered engines that do a better job of staying on the track , even if none of them do it particularly well . And I am using official Wooden Railway tracks .
 I purchased this even with all the poor reviews because it was the only toy my son wanted for Christmas . It does n't stay on the tracks well , however this does n't bother my son as he thinks that is part of the fun . However , the coupling broke after two weeks . Thomas toys are too expensive to break after a short period of time . Currently have request for exchange it to Learning Curve . Only time will tell if they will honor it .
 We purchased this for my son and after 2 hours of gentle play , the engine stopped working . It is not at all durable . We have the battery powered Lady , and that has worked for years , but this one did n't hold up at all .
 I never write reviews , but this product was so bad that I feel compelled to warn other prospective buyers . We purchased this bookshelf for our girls ' playroom for their books . We assembled it correctly and strapped it to the wall . Even so , it is in no way stable enough to be filled with books . It quickly buckled under the effort and was a hazard for the kids . The shelves were ready to give way at any moment so we took all the books off and piled them on the floor which became a different kind of hazard . We have replaced this bookshelf with a different one now and have had to pay twice for the bad experience . I therefore write this review to let you know that this bookcase can not be used for books . If you would like to use the bottom shelf for books and the upper two for picture frames or stuffed animals , that might work . Good luck !
 KidKraft Avalon Tall Bookshelf - WhiteI ordered this shelf as a Christmas gift for someone and I could n't be more disappointed . First of all , it arrived with a broken leg . I thought I would glue it , but then realized the entire shelf is made of pressed paper and it would have no structural integrity . The pieces were marked incorrectly , so when I ordered a replacement part from the KidKraft website , I got the wrong part . I ordered another replacement part and it was apparently engineered differently than the originals ... the screw holes and dowel holes were reversed . By the time I got the second replacement part over a month had gone by and I just wanted the thing together ... at least until I could buy a better shelf . It took a little glue and drilling , but I finally got it put together . What should have taken 10 minutes to put together took several hours . I purchased a $ 20 bookshelf from Target that was much better quality than this one . This KidKraft bookshelf was a joke . It really turned out to be quite the crummy Christmas gift.I will give KidKraft credit for offering an easy way to get replacement parts via their website . I will also give the company I purchased it from , BabyAge , some credit for offering to help me get the correct replacement parts . After 3 bad experiences -LRB- the broken leg to begin with and the 2 wrong replacement parts -RRB- , however , I just got tired of giving them chances to get it right and decided to move on . I will be replacing the Christmas gift with another bookshelf , but I plan to buy it locally this time .
 Maybe this bookcase is good . I do n't know because I ca n't put it together ! It arrived packaged with numerous missing parts and duplicates of other parts . For example there was only suppose to one # 8 part but we had two of those and extra # 7 's as well but no # 2 or # 3 parts . We then placed a call to the company with a list of the missing parts and they agreed to FedEx them to us . That seemed fine and we were happy ... until the FedEx arrived , STILL with wrong parts . It is now three weeks later and I still have no # 1 shelf part to put this thing together . I am very frustrated with this company and ready to throw this thing away before we 've even used it . Very disorganized company . Who packs these boxes with the parts - monkeys ?
 Other reviews for this product complain about the durability of this bookshelf , but I actually think it has worked really well for us . We have filled all three shelves completely with my daughter 's books and it seems stable and strong . However , we have serious problems with it 's chemical smell . We have left it in our garage for several weeks , and then brought it back in to our daughter 's room , only to find the smell still there . We have looked online for suggestions to get rid of the smell and we tried vinegar and putting a cut onion next to it -LRB- supposedly they absorb chemical smells -RRB- , but to no avail . It still smells . It is back in the garage and I am so disappointed in this product . The style , size , and build of it is perfect for our needs , but I do n't want my daughter or any of us in our home breathing in what might be toxic smells from this bookcase . Buyer beware !
 This bookshelf looks great online and even on the box , but once opened , it reveals a very cheap fabrication , lots of nicks and scratches , bolts that do n't fit together properly , and once put together , it just looks crappy . I am returning ours , which we purchased for our baby-to-be 's room . There 's got to be something better out there for the money.On the other hand , KidKraft 's customer service is top-notch .
 The KidKraft Avalon bookshelf is the ultimate in cheap Chinese craftsmanship and is not worth even the discount price offered on this web site.The main problem is that on the bottom of the unit , there are no screws holding this thing together from front to back -- just two wooden pegs that are to small for the holes drilled . So after putting everything together correctly , it starts to fall apart from the bottom , once you 've moved it.I was able to solve the problem by using some good old-fashioned nails in the back , but I would expect this unit to have some structural integrity . I think KidKraft is part of StorkCraft -- the company that had to recall its baby cribs that were falling apart on top of infants.While I understanding the economic realities of outsourcing manufacturing to China , it sounds like these guys have outsourced their design there too !
 Hello , I just received mine and am fairly disappointed . I was expecting `` wood '' but received MDF . The KidKraft web site states wood , but the product is clearly MDF . I called customer support to confirm and the woman I spoke to was somewhat annoyed of the question . For $ 120 , you 'd expect a solid wood piece . I purchased a much better , solid wood bookcase from Staples that is $ 79 . The reason I wanted the KidKraft is because of the size and design -LRB- for my son 's room -RRB- . If you want any kind of wood , do not buy this product - it 's fairly cheap .1 Star simply because of the design .
 i did n't actually ever receive this bookcase because i finally just cancelled my order today . i ordered it on april 6 and have been waiting for its arrival for eight weeks now . the thing is , every time i called the company , -LRB- after being on hold for 30 minutes -RRB- I was told that it was shipping soon . they always gave me a specific date or timeframe and reassured me that it would be coming at that time . last friday i was told that it had shipped and they would send me a tracking e-mail . since i never received that , i called today -LRB- another 30 min hold session -RRB- , and the person told me that it was estimated to ship on june 23 . i asked to cancel , but now let 's see if i get any sort of refund . -LRB- they charged my credit card immediately after i placed the order of course -RRB- just want to warn others before using this company !
 I agree with the previous poster that the wheels spin too fast . The product seems too light and when my baby tries to grab for the handle , the walker tips or flies across the room . This only discourages my son . Our only solution to this is to hold the walker still while he is grabbing the handle and pulling up to stand and then walking along behind him holding on to the base of the walker to keep it from moving too fast . And all this must be done on carpet -LRB- even though the product description says it works better on hard flooring -RRB- . On our hardwood flooring , the walker just slides across the floor.However , I feel that the activity center in the front of the walker is very amusing for my baby . He seems to like it more than walking in it . The music and lights vome on when you put a ball into the hole encourages him to keep practicing his motor skills . I am disappointed that the shape sorter does not make any noise when the baby puts it in the correct shape though.Anyway , we purchased this to help and encourage our baby to walk but it has only turned into another sit down toy . I am still looking for a walker that works for babies who are learning to walk . This product is more for babies who already are walking or at least standing alone .
 I agree whole heartedly with the reviewer who pointed out the design flaw in the rear wheels . When the toy is in the walker mode , the area between the 2 rear wheels is way too small and there are sharp parts -LRB- meant for the wagon mode -RRB- that can hurt baby 's feet . Also , when in the walker mode , the shape sorter is not easily accessible . In my opinion , this toy is not worth the money . If you already have it and you think the toy moves way too fast for a child just beginning to walk , try using it on a carpeted surface - it slows it down a little . Your money would be better spent on another walker with a better design
 This wagon was given to my daughter by her grandparents . It is so lightweight that we had to place two 8 pound weights on the bottom to keep it from flying ahead of her . If she jerked it at all or tried to pull up on it ... the toy just fell over ... which resulted in a lot of accidents . I would n't recommend it .
 Our son is 10.5 months old and just learning to stand and cruise ; he can pull to standing and cruise along furniture . We bought this so he can hold onto it while learning to walk . The wheels , however , spin far too easly . When he uses the handle to pull himself up the wheels spin forward -LRB- unlike a stable piece of furniture -RRB- , and when I stand him at the walker the wheels move far too quickly and easily for him -LRB- he 'd fall if I let go of him -RRB- . I think it would be good for children who already walk , but not for children just learning to balance/stand/walk . If it were billed properly I 'd have given it a higher ranking , but it falls short of its purpose for us . We 'd like it if the wheels were more difficult to push , or had varying degrees of difficulty . I see other reviewers seem to be using it for the purpose we 'd like to so it 's hard to tell what , if anything , is different . My husband is now going to try to rig it so the wheels turn less easily , but I would n't recommend this toy for a child just learning to stand/balance/cruise / walk.As far as its other features
 I bought this walker for my baby when she was 10 months old and pulling herself up/doing the ` furniture scoot ' to help her learn to balance and walk . While she loves playing with the toys , the walker is unstable and pulls right down on top of her when she tries to use it to pull herself up . The wheels move really fast and when she tries to walk with it -LRB- now 11.5 months old -RRB- it flies forward and she falls . We have to hold it carefully . Also , the red pieces on the inside of the rear wheels -LRB- where the white handle connect -RRB- are in the way of her feet , and have sharp plastic on the seam . This was a good idea and has fun toys on it , but the functionality of the walker was n't well thought-out by the manufacturer . I 'm buying Chicco now becuase I 've heard better things about it .
 When the Walker-to-Wagon is set up as a walk-behind walker , the space between the rear wheels is too narrow and our child hits his feet and shins against the pieces where the handle snaps in to covert it to a wagon . These pieces have sharp edges -LRB- it 's plastic , so it 's not sharp enough to cut , but I 'm sure it does n't feel good to kick it -RRB- . We will be returning this poorly designed toy . Fisher Price toys are not what they used to be .
 I agree with the other reviewers . I could hardly see any 3-D effect . I read the instructions carefully and followed every step , but still I do n't get the point - wearing the glasses only makes the images harder to see , not to mention any stunning 3-D effects . I 'm so disappointed and will try to return it .
 The image that is projected is of very low quality.The 3D is hardly convincing , not impressing at all . We tried hard to see the `` monsters of the sea '' , but only saw vague figures . A complete waste of money.I am going to return it ASAP .
 This toy is junk . The light is not bright enough to project the slides and there is no 3D .
 My 5 year old received this toy for christmas and we just tried it for the first time . I immediately came on here to write A review -LRB- which i 've never done -RRB- because I do n't want anyone else wasting their money . The 3d effects are horrible and wearing the glasses actually makes the images harder to see . We ended up finishing the slides without them and just watching the blurry pictures . Do n't buy this ... it 's a waste of time and money .
 I bought the EZ brace along with the Kodiak kit from swing-n-slide . Due to space issues , I did not want the swing beam to be attached to the fort . The swing beam now stands on two A frames . To prevent back and forth movement of the swing beam on the A frames , I bought the EZ brace . You need one pair for each A frame.The EZ brace come as a pair
 So , does anyone know what is wrong with this toy?We bought the scrub and shine , brand new , tested it , and then put it away for a gift -LRB- with batteries removed -RRB- for our little one.We gave the destination to our little one , today , and wouldnt ' you know , the sounds do n't work.It had only been used once before , to test to make sure it worked -LRB- which it did -RRB- . Now , after being in a dry , a/c 'd closet , it does n't work.All it does is turn one red light on when you pass a train through the destination , and the light does not turn off unless you pull the batteries . It does not follow any sequence , and there are no sounds.Has this happened to anyone else ?
 I realize that the product description lists product as 22 '' measured from front hoof to end of tail , but I questioned whether that was when the horse was standing or laying down with legs stretched in front . Well , it is the latter . My kids have the larger IKEA golden retriever stuffed animal listed at 27 '' and that is a great size -LRB- and a 5 '' inch difference did n't seem that huge -RRB- . The Douglas website -LRB- manufacturer of this product -RRB- lists this horse under the `` large horses '' , so I could only assume it would be a decent size . My four year old asked for a large stuffed pony for Christmas -LRB- the only thing she asked for from Santa -RRB- . There is no way she is going to see this as a `` large '' pony . I searched all over the Internet trying to find photos of this horse with a child to no avail , so I just had to cross my fingers and go with the two glowing reviews -LRB- that mentioned nothing of size -RRB- . The price of nearly $ 30 is too expensive for a stuffed animal this size . I just bought a stuffed teddy bear from Costco twice this size -LRB- and super soft -RRB- for $ 8.99 . Seriously , not happy with this purchase ! Please see uploaded photo of the horse next to our 27 '' IKEA stuffed dog -LRB- only paid $ 19.99 -RRB- and a yardstick . I hope the photo helps others when deciding if this item is right for them .
 If you remember your Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots from childhood , start searching tag sales and Ebay because the new version ca n't compare . The game is much smaller than the original and not very sturdy -LRB- Zurg falls without hitting him -RRB- . It is not a game for two children , because Buzz almost always wins . If your child loves Toy Story there are much better options available .
 I did n't like this toy because the arms hardly move . And , it 's basicly rigged , because it 's impossible for buzz Lightyear to hit emporer zurg 's chest . Either Lightyear 's arm is too short or whimpy , or zurg 's arm is too long and srong . so when me and my sister play it , who ever has zurg always wins .
 This toy arrived with the box very obviously opened . Suction cups had a white filthy film on them ... it looked like soap scum and probably other people 's dead skin cells too . You may just be spending 32 dollars -LRB- once you add in shipping -RRB- for a previously USED and then returned bath toy from MEGA Toyland . I ca n't speak for other people , but I 'm not putting my toddler in a bath with items that have been in someone else 's tub !
 Dislike GREATLY !!! Im sorry , it was cheap , not durable , and falsely advertised ... I did n't like it that I even returned it to get my money back , and I never got payed back . Anywho , Im sure this company makes great toys , but this one is very pitiful ... dont buy it !
 Lindberg 1/130 scale Captain Kidd Pirate ShipLindberg 1/250 scale Blackbeard Pirate Shipwhen i made this purchase i was under the impression i was ordering a fully put together ship i have ordered many in the past off of amazon and have never order a ship and recived a build it yourself toy there is nothing on the page i ordered from on amazon that says it is a build it yourself there is no photo that would suggest you have to build it yourself i was very misslead by the product listing and am currently very dis-satisfied with the product i have recived i was unable to find an option for `` contact seller '' before and after placing the order still havent found that option and am planning to return the itemsi think it needs to be made much more clear that you will need to build it yourself this expirience was very frustrating for me and my husband -LRB- it was ment to be a fathers day gift for him -RRB- and i do not think ill be ordering items from this seller in the future
 I bought this for my son when he was 7 months old . He did n't play with it then , and he does n't play with it now that he 's 12 months . It is supposed to enhance his pincer grasp and his fine motor skills , but he wo n't look at it long enough to improve either . If he pays any attention to it at all , it is simply to throw it or fling it out of his toy box onto the floor . Total waste of money .
 My son received this toy on his first birthday . He loves Winnie-the-Pooh , and although it seems to be a very durable toy , it is difficult to play with . The `` wires '' are n't spaced far enough apart to easily maneuver bees from one side to the other . That 's basically all this toy consists of , other than having a nice `` baby powder '' smell . It just does n't hold my son 's interest for very long .
 I would n't waste my money on this toy . First , the `` moveable '' bees are extremely hard to move because the slider poles are too close together . There are three buttons to push that light up and make different noises -LRB- very loud noises -RRB- ... bees buzzing , birds chirping , and Pooh talking . My biggest problem with this toy is that my son has gotten his little arm stuck in it , and , at 9 months , can not figure out how to get it unstuck . All in all , not a great buy .
 My husband bought this for my daughter before she was a year old . It 's one those toys that had held her interest but not at home -LRB- it must be Pooh that captures the attention -RRB- . The bees are a bit hard to manipulate and there 's really not alot of them . For an extra 10 or 20 dollars I would suggest getting a real beaded `` rollercoaster ''
 This toy was one where my son loved it in the store and has never looked at it again . You know the type ! The bars are too close together and the wings on the bees are too long , so it 's impossible for the child to manipulate the bees more than an inch or two . My child has literally not picked it up once . Do n't waste your money on this toy !
 Save yourself some money and just buy the Crayola washable markers . They are much cheaper and work the same .
 I was not necessarily comfortable paying this much for an 8 '' toy , but I have a Bleach fan in the house , so I thought it would we a welcome addition , even with the price . It arrived in fairly good time , which is why I gave it two stars instead of one . However , the toy I paid for was the toy in the picture , and what I got was a somewhat cheap toy with loose seams and no character whatsoever . The toy is cheaply made , and I feel like the arms will come off any second . It 's an expressionless toy , with no posing ability . It 's essentially made of felt , which is not what was promised . I feel like I was cheated .
 I have a curious child who enjoys looking at my osteology textbooks from college . I got this puzzle thinking , `` Yay , it 'll be fun for us to work on together , and I wo n't have to worry about her ruining my $ 100 book ! '' But now that I 've seen this puzzle up close , I 'd rather let her scrunch up the pages than waste time with this puzzle again.As another reviewer mentioned , both sides of the puzzle have the same color background , and there is lots of negative space around the anatomical figure ... this means that there are lots of blank pieces that are blue on both sides . -LRB- One side is slightly flatter than the other , but this is a very subtle difference -- not enough for most people to go on . -RRB- It is frustrating enough for an adult to put together , let alone a child.Furthermore , details are sketchy . On the organs side of the puzzle , not all the systems of the body are represented , and the ones that are depicted seem half-hearted . The esophagus appears to start somewhere in the thoracic cavity , then bypass the stomach and go straight to the intestines , for example.As for the skeleton side , it looks to me as if the illustrator looked at a picture of a skeleton long enough to get the shapes of the bones mostly right , but could n't figure out how the joints are put together , and so faked them by drawing lots of weird knobs of bone . The elbows are FUBAR . The foot on the right hand side has no heel bone , and the ankle on that side is fused -- the tibia and talus look like one long , misshapen bone -LRB- yet on the other ankle they are shown as 2 separate bones ... strange -RRB- , and the right and left shoulder are constructed differently too -LRB- both wrong -RRB- . If a real person had a skeleton like this , he would n't be able to walk or bend his elbows , he 'd always be dislocating his shoulders , he 'd have trouble turning his head from side to side , and it would probably hurt to sit down.People will think I 'm being too nit-picky , but hey , I 'm just laying it out for you . It really comes down to what you want your kid -LRB- s -RRB- to get out of a product like this . If all you want is vague , rote knowledge of where various body parts are , then go ahead and buy this . If you want your child to be able to understand how parts of the body fit together and see how they work , save your money for one of those neat models made by people who GET anatomy .
 My son received the Scrap Yard for his 5th birthday , and although it has limitations , he still enjoys playing with it . The biggest problem with this destination is that the width of opening where the yard doors hang is not wide enough for all the engines and roadway vehicles to pass through . William will be pulling along a large train , drop off some scrap , and then has to back up if for instance the Giggling Troublesome Trucks are attached to the long train . Now that 's lame if you ask me . Had we realized the problem immediately , we would have exchanged the building for another.Additionally , all the moving parts are made of plastic
 I bought this specifically to remove a pinion gear from the shaft of a broken DC motor . This type of gear puller design has been around for a long time , and I 'd used a larger version with ease many years ago . The problem with this one is the jaws that are suppose to grab the rear of the gear being pulled slip off due to some manufacturing tolarance issues . Having a 3rd jaw , or some way to securely hold the gear would be a big improvement over the two opposing jaws that this model uses .
 I do n't get Thomas the train toys . My boys love them , but for the price , I expect craftsmanship which lasts a lifetime . My boys broke this piece -LRB- the spring in the spring-loaded gate -RRB- in just one day with typical boy play , nothing violent . I thought this was a fluke until their pricey Sodor Scrub and Shine broke in a month , too -LRB- the electronic sound generator stopped working -RRB- . I have decided this product line is not worth the considerable money .
 So I bought this for my toddler since she loves controllers . Unfortunately you have to be right on top of the car and have the remote aimed exactly at the car to get it to move . And yes , I also noted that the car moves poorly on carpet . I do n't recommend this .
 My daughter received this for Christmas last year . By January we had replaced the batteries twice . You DO have to be directly on above the car to make it go . When the batteries ran down the thrid time , we replaced them again , and it worked for about a day , and now will not work at all . This car was not abused -LRB- i.e. dropped , kicked , wet , etc. -RRB- and should have lasted more than six or seven weeks . BIG RIP-OFF !!
 cute car but you have to be SO close to it for it to even work . I talking a foot or two any further and it wont work .
 You have to be right on top of the car for the remote to work . The batteries do not last long at all .
 I got this toy car for my 18 month old daughter . It 's much bigger and heavier than I expected , so that means you should be stocked up with fresh batteries . . She does n't know how to play yet . So basically I was holding the remote for her . I put four brand new dura cell batteries . It work for a while , then it stopped working ... I thought the battery ran out , so I changed with brand new ones . . but no , IT ` STOP WORKING ... in less than an hour ! wow . . waste of money ...
 It does not work and my 2 yr old daughter was very disappointed xmas day ! I would not recommend purchasing a chicco .
 Adorable car and remote , but no matter how many enegerizer batteries you put in them , they will not communicate with one another without moving 4feet from one another . Never have I rated a product till this one .
 Cute car . But it is impossible to align so that it goes straight . Its progress is unpredictable . Be ready for this car to be running into walls , furniture , pets , etc. . It is being returned to the local store where I bought it .
 At first this looks like a great addition to a Thomas layout . But you have to remember that it says `` Cargo Drop . '' The crane picks up a cargo item off of the roof of the building and then drops it into the car below . Remember , it does not lower it all the way , but `` drops '' it in . The crane will then not lower down enough to pick up the cargo out of the car . It has to be done by hand . That was a major disappointment . My four-year-old son got frustrated with this . We now use the swiveling cargo tower as a water tower . It lowers just enough to serve that purpose well .
 Fast shipping . Great service from Amazon . The best price . But the toy was a real let down . Would not pick up the toy box with the magnet as was shown . Did not drop it in the rail car . Not something that I would tell someone to buy . This was not Amazon 's fault . Amazon did more then I would expect.Thanks AmazonGeorge
 I really like the idea behind these , and my kids like the concept , too . Maybe these would be cool for a just-turned 3 year old , but for anyone older , not so much . They 're really SHORT , only about an inch high . That is n't really ... the towering monster that we 're going for here ! I do like that they 're made out of foam , it keeps them from slipping , however ... the foam does n't hold up as well as the plastic . I wish there were a version in-between these and the taller , but plastic versions out there .
 The main reason for writting this review is to tell others that this doll only sings part of the song ... that 's it . When I first got the doll , I pushed the button to hear it sing , and I assumed that once I opened the package and activated the doll , she would sing the whole song . A friend of mine who bought this doll assumed the same thing . I thought this should have been written on the outside of the box.However , this may be a good thing , otherwise I would have to listen to the song forever . I also thought the song was a bit too loud .
 My daughter asked for this at Christmas and I ordered it ! It is a total dissapointment ! The doll only sings two lines of the song , my daughter expected it to sing the whole song ! So it basically is boring to her after about 15 minutes of play time ! Not worth the huge price in my opinion !
 My girls love Hannah Montana and as parents , her show is OK with us . We bought the doll knowing the girls would be too excited at Christmas . Well , one doll worked that morning but the other did n't so we switched batteries to check and then it worked . We bought new batteries , which are expensive by the way at $ 5 each and the doll needs 4 . Now , the doll that worked initially , is n't working correctly - you have to squeeze her middle and back tight to keep the battery connection - and the one that did n't work , works only partially now . It sings about 1 line . I will be writing the manufacturer . Who knows , maybe we 'll get something out of it . At least the girls still get enjoyment pretending and playing with the dolls .
 This kit is a little clunky and cheap to use -LRB- granted it did n't cost much to begin with -RRB- . I would have been better off just buying a replacement cue stick or having it professionally repaired .
 Hmmm , well , the chalk did chalk my cues ... Usually , the tips I use cost at least 10 bucks each , so I only looked briefly at the tips . I would not use them . Very cheap and not worth the installation time.I purchased this item for the glue . It did not work as well as the Tweeten 's glue I typically use.Use Tweeten 's .
 This is adorable but not for 6-10 its just to small more on the size of 3-5 Great for a Bratz fan if they are tiny very small chair
 It works great , in the sense that you do n't have to blow on your NES games anymore . It 's size is nice too , very compact and `` sleek '' . I however , do not like that you can not use the old school NES controllers or Zapper on it . I used it once after I bought it but ended up just buying the Yobo system because I really did n't like the controllers that came with the FC/NES . But if you do n't care you can find it a tiny bit cheaper , plus you get those 8 super lame games that are fun to play once !
 I 'm surprised Amazon put this up for sale . This is a copyright violation against Nintendo and should be removed . Only Nintendo can make systems that can play Nintendo games , and this company is NOT licensed .
 I 've purchased this as an educational toy for my son , and when it 's arrived the entire family was shocked by it 's cheapest-you-can-imagine construction and lack of any functionality
 this toy is nothing like it was described in the ad and is not even good enough to be considered a toy , it is a piece of junk , and didnt have all the parts it needed to put it together , i am so disappointed thati would never buuy anthing from this buyer again .
 well as soon as i opened the box disappointment . # 1 the main hull is slit lengthwise down the middle.this gives the finished result a line where one does n't belong.It took me a bit before I realized the picture on the box is the real car , so beware.also the decks were the tail lights sit are part of the rear fender not the boattail giving it two more lines were thay do not belong.If thay wanted to create more glueing thay could have made the doors and hatch cover for the top separate pieces.Mine came missing all the glass , but i was able to make my own headlights and windshield.You will have to paint the white walls , and the windshield frame does n't have the sideview mirrors.In my opinion the 1935 Auburn boattail speedster is the most beautiful car ever made.this model does n't do it justice.I guess I will buy a pre-made diecast model to put on display .
 This product is very prone to being tipped over . Even with adult supervision , kids jumping along the sides can cause it to tip .
 My 3-year old son was delighted to get the jumpster for Christmas , but the excitement did n't last very long . He used it twice , and a seam blew out completely . No patch kit could repair it . Contacted the manufacturer , and still have n't heard a response from them yet .
 This only lasted a few times days for us . There were so many leaks , it was n't worth patching . The bouncy tipped over quite a few times . Luckily no one was hurt . What a waste of money .
 My 2 1/2 year old and 4 year old received this for Christmas -LRB- this was our second attempt -RRB- . They loved and and although we adheared to the weight limit within 4 days we had 3 holes in it . The first hole was one whole section on the side -LRB- so they kept on playing -RRB- but the second hole , both in a seam , was in the top section so it would not stay up . The last hole was in the base of the unit so we had to throw it away . The first one we bought last year I had inadvertantly created a hole in it so we thought we would try again . We will not be buying another one . If you get it at a great price and want it for a weekend -LRB- child 's party -RRB- it is good but not something that stands up to daily use .
 I gave this to my grandson for Christmas . He only got to use it twice but loved it . The problem is that the material is not very durable . They set it up inside but it soon got punctures and ca n't be used because it leaks . I would not buy from this manufacturer again . I guess we got what we paid for . We 're going to buy another one , but from Little Tykes this time . Hopefully we 'll have better luck .
 I am just shocked that a `` company '' is trying to sell this Fisherprice toy for $ 99.00 ! Amazon should better monitor this type of pricing on products that surely are worth a lot less ! Crazy !
 My 3 1/2 year old daughter just received this as a gift . Like the other reviewers , the dragon often pops up on the first try or not at all . My daughter did n't find the game very exciting , and I do n't blame her . There does n't seem to be any educational value , either . I think if your child needs help with fine motor skills -LRB- putting the flags in -RRB- , it could be useful . Maybe it would be better for a 2-3 year old than a 3-4 year old .
 I purchased this toy for my 5 year old , because I thought it would be a fun , simple toy that we could play with his little brother . They both got excited at the idea of the toy -LRB- take turns poking flags into the castle to try to get the dragon to pop out of the top -RRB- , but the toy works so inconsistently . The first time we played , my 5 yr . old pushed a flag in and the dragon popped out with the first flag . Not much fun . Now they put all the flags in and the dragon never pops out . I go back and push every flag in to check and the last one I push in makes the dragon pop out . The kids lose interest in the game after patiently taking turns poking flags in only to have nothing happen when all the flags are in . Watching mom push all the flags in again to get it to pop out sort of takes the excitement out of the game . I 've tried putting all the flags in on my own and pushing really hard to see if I get a different result , but for me , it 's always the last flag to get the dragon to pop . Not much suspense there ! My 2 yr . old might still have fun poking the flags in for a while since it 's a challenge for him , but that 's probably about it .
 i received this product and it did not work from the start . icontacted the vendor by phone and e mail . i did hear back from them despite various attempts . i am basically out the money and have a broken toy
 The product is very poorly designed . It can not use the native resolution and uses very low resolution and grabs all the screen . The aesthetic is very poor and they need to use darker lines to separate each groups of 3 X 3 squares . The color of pre-determined numbers and your entry should be completely different from each other . This product is obsolete . Do n't buy it .
 The price is a touch steep for just some trains , i orders these as extra and now have to many
 I agree with a previous comment . I had the same problem very poor quality of bat mechanism . It broke in less than a month of careful easy playI do not recommend purchase of this product
 I bought this game as a gift for my 8 year old son . The `` old-fashioned '' concept seemed like a great idea . Within 1 day he was disappointed and crying . Among a variety of minor problems , the largest problem was the poor quality of the plunger and especially the bat mechanism . Trust me , it does n't hold up . The batting mechanism is held together by cheap wood that is n't sturdy and the few metal parts are thin and also cheap . The tiny screw holding the bat firm constantly comes loose and then it strips after 1 or 2 tightenings . Most of the items are glued , making it nearly impossible to even access most of the items . I suggest staying away .
 Bought this game based on the Amazon reviews which are usually accurate , however , we were disappointed this time . Game arrived today and my son and I played for a few hours.Pros : - durableCons : - back popped out of the slots frequently - took countless swing upon swings just to finally get the ball to rest in a hole -LRB- out , single , double , triple -RRB- - overall not that much funWe are returning it and will try something else
 Ouch - just received this and it was a HUGE disappointment . They are not painted as shown in the picture . I would n't be happy to get these out of a penny gum ball machine .
 The quality of the plasitc was good but some of the students complained that the size was difficult to use .
 Good idea , not great performance . You have to be a really quick candy-opener to make it work . Fun idea anyway ...
 Pictures show assembled and painted figures . What a dissapointment to receive what I did . I searched the product again and nowhere does it state assembly and paint required.Hasegawa 1/72 German Infantry Attack GroupI would not hive it a star but I am required .
 I bought this item to assist in removing paint . It doesnt work well for that . Creates a lot of dust with not much effect . Just doesnt seem to have enough power . I would not recommend this item for large projects .
 Bought as a Christmas present for my daughter and she was really disappointed with how it worked . So was I . She said to me `` Dad this thing is a ripoff . '' Much more fun along the same lines is the Hasbro Designer 's world game . My daughter loves this one.Hasbro Designer 's World TV Game
 I searched every where for this product over the holidays . I had to wait until after the holidays to purchase this for my daughter . The advertisement made it seem so fun and easy to use . But in reality it 's boring and a waste of money . I thought the child would be able to draw on the face and create a different look . It is really a tap and paste type deal . If the picture is n't in the correct spot the image will not turn out right . You have to also be in a very bright environment for the pic to show up . I just was n't pleased and neither was my daughter . She has only played with it once and that was the day it arrived .
 I returned this twic . Camera quality was not good . -LRB- Darker subjects will definatley have problems -RRB- The lips , etc are pre sulpted , and it is like pasting them over the face , and it does not line up . My almost 8 year old ws unimpressed , and we returned it and got something else .
 Like another reviewer wrote , the eyebrows , hair and other graphics that you add to the picture to create the `` makeover '' look nothing like the pictures on the box ! The `` makeovers '' end up looking pretty hilarious because the graphics are so cheap and they make the people in the pictures look more like clowns / cartoon characters than anything else.The digital pictures are really grainy and of really poor quality ! My daughters set up a lamp which they used for illumination for the pictures , and this improved the image somewhat , but not nearly well enough , considering the price.I ca n't say I would buy this toy again if I could go back in time . I got this for my 8 year old daughter for Christmas , and it was worth a few hours of fun her and her friends , but she has not touched it since the 28th of December , so I 'm not sure it was worth the price ... disappointing quality !
 Very disappointed . You can not get a light-enough picture to enjoy playing with this product . It is very dark . My daughter has not touched it since Christmas day . It was a waste of money .
 My daughter got Digi Makeover for Christmas -LRB- one of her big gifts from Santa -RRB- and yes , we were disappointed like the rest of the viewers . Ours did n't work at all . The camera would n't take a picture so I ca n't comment on the rest of the features . She also got Password Journal by Radica and it did n't work either . Stay away from this company if you do n't want a disappointed child !
 Perhaps I 'm a little bias because I , myself , have been a computer programmer for over 25 years and design software that other people must use . Maybe I was just expecting too much from this Digi Makeover toy ? I 'm not sure . All I can say for sure is this
 I was some what disappointed in this item . The results are not as realistic as depicted .
 My daughter who is african american -LRB- fair skin -RRB- got the digi makeover for xmas and my 2 complaints are as follows :1 . Does not work well with skin of color as the skin appears to be much darker when the picture is taken .2 . The product is not not very intuitive at ALL .
 This toy is n't worth the carton it shipped in . The quality is horrible and the frustration you will experience is huge . I bought this for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas . She was excited to play at first , until she realized the photo quality was horrible and the `` make-over '' options stunk . I am returning this product and I feel sorry for anyone who is stuck with this toy !
 After looking up the reviews for this item with Amazon , I decided to buy my daughter this item for Christmas . There were only 3 or 4 reviews , but they were positive . -LRB- first mistake -RRB- They must 've been posted by the company . We went by the directions which were poorly stated , and tried everything to get a decent picture . The picture was so dark and blurry . The make-up part was uncontrollable so the eye-liner covered up the entire eyes . The hair styles were no better . In other words , the makeover never came even close to the photo that is represented on the advertised product . Luckily , I saved my receipt and returned the product to the store for a full refund . My daughter remembered another product by Radica that was a disappointment ... funny how an 11 year old can remember a company 's bad name , huh ? It was the `` Password Journal '' ... we returned it too a year or two ago .
 Unless they 've updated this product and really overhauled it , do n't buy it . The camera takes incredibly horrible pictures and the make-up looks clownish . Really a disappointment .
 This is definitely a great concept , but needs a lot more work . It 's a pain for even adults to navigate through . Most of it is very cartoonish , not realistic . It usually does n't even line up with the photo , no matter how much you try to move it around . I feel I got especially ripped off after paying extra to get it in time for the holidays.My opinion is wait for the new and improved model !!
 Believe the other reviews and save your money . There is no such thing as getting a good picture , which is critical to do the makeover ... and the graphics are cartoonish . My daughter way way disappointed as was I. . . I spent alot more than I should have on this because she really wanted it . I 'm not sure why anyone would give this product high marks .
 Upon trying this product on Christmas morning , I was amazed at how poorly it worked and the false advertisement of its abilities . Judging by the other reviews , I was not alone . There is really nothing more that I can add that has n't already been said in the other reviews . Read them and believe them .
 My kids got this for Christmas last year . It was difficult to get a decent picture from the camera . You have to set it up exactly the same size as the example . Picture came out grainy and dark . If you do n't size it right the eyebrows can end up on your nose in the makeover , etc.The actual makeover part uses very simple and limited graphics . The girls got frustrated and lost interest . They were 10 . They expect more from technology nowadays .
 I bought this for my 7-year old daughter for Christmas . She saw it in a magazine and asked for it . I was skeptical based on the other reviews but I bought it anyway . The picture quality is very poor even after using bright lights . My daughter ended up just playing with the existing models that it comes with and seemed to be happy with that but for what I paid , this is a waste of money .
 I all but kicked , clawed and scratched to get one of this season 's `` hot toys '' , the Radica Digi Makeover for my 9 year old niece . I waited with baited breath while she opened it on x-mas morning . We immediately hooked it up to the tv to give it a test spin . After several futile attempts to get a good picture , we settled on a semi-decent , but dark , picture of her and proceeded to play with the toy.The verdict
 I have never been so disappointed with a toy purchase for my children and grandchildren . On the box it shows a clear picture of a girl 's face . Ha !! My granddaughter and I took picture after picture in different lighting and nothing helped ! The pictures were awful - nothing like the picture on the box . Dark , grainy image and when you put the make-up on the picture of your face on the screen it wo n't set where it should . Lipstick above the lips , etc. . I hate for anyone else to waste money on this awful toy . It is not an inexpensive toy and it should work like the package says . False Advertising ! All who feel as I do should complain to the company .
 I went from store to store to look for this product for a christmas present for my daughter . I ended up having to pay for it online at a way too high price . This product is horrible . I wish I could have just gotten my money back , so I could have just bought anything else . The camera is horrible no matter how much lighting you have and the visuals are horrible . Nothing looks real enough to have fun .
 What a piece of junk ! My daughter received this for Christmas and it was a major disappointment for her . The instructions included were a joke & I finally called the 800 number just to figure out how to do the photo part . The picture quality was horrible , but we still plugged on , hoping for it to get better . We did get a good laugh at the hair styles - it looked like a forest animal had taken up residence on the top of my daughter 's head . The other options were so difficult to operate and produced results that were a joke . I think it would be better to give your daughter old school photos and a bunch of markers . We boxed this thing back up and took it back to Target for a full refund . This is an expensive toy , but even if the price dropped to $ 5.00 , I would not recommend it to anyone .
 My 7 yr-old daughter received this at a workplace Christmas party . Nice gesture , horrible , horrible product . The camera is junk -LRB- all the extra lighting in the world will not produce a good photo -RRB- , the graphics are cheesy -LRB- putting lipstick on the image just means that you stick a flat blob of muddy pink on top of the model 's lips , like a sticker on top of a photograph -RRB- , and on the model we received , the crucial ` Next ' button did n't work at all , which meant that you could only apply lipstick/eye colour , etc. . OR do the model 's hair , not both . Save your money and avoid this one .
 I gave this to my daughter for Xmas and she told me then that she did n't like it , and it wound up in the closet . I finally remembered to get it down yesterday and play with it , so that I might interest her in it.The camera is pathetic to start with . It takes a lousy picture.Then , you apply lips and hair over top of your face . It 's awful.A million times awful . I have never purchased a product this bad.I can not believe these people who post good reviews and have n't even opened the product yet.Don ' t buy.We bought Bratz Girls playstation game and my daughter really loved that . She 's 11 . I would 've given this a zero star if there was one .
 MY DAUGHTER WAS VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT . SHE IS AN AFRICAN AMERICAN GIRL , AGE 9 . SHE STATED THE PRODUCT MADE HER LOOK LIKE A `` BLACK BLOB '' THERE WERE NO ETHNIC STYLES . NO MAKEUP COLORS SUITED FOR GIRLS OF COLOR . THE BOX DID N'T HAVE ANY ETHNIC GIRLS ON THE COVER AND I GUESS I SHOULD HAVE TAKEN THE HINT . SISTERS BEWARE !!
 ... because this item is a complete waste . Santa brought this to my 6-year-old daughter for Christmas , and although the idea/premise is exciting , perhaps another toy manufacterer can actually bring it to fruition because there is absolutely nothing happening here . Very poor picture quality , with boring makeup activities . Most exciting thing for my daughter with regard to this product is seeing her face on the TV screen . To add insult to injury , the graphics are woefully short on ethnic diversity . Steer clear of this overpriced piece of junk . As for the good reviews -LRB- on which I also based my purchase -RRB- ... did they review the correct item ?!? DYB
 This product does not perform NEARLY as well as it is advertised . The makeovers given to the ` models ' look ok , but the makeovers given to yourself -LRB- or anyone you take a picture of -RRB- look ridiculous . The makeup looks like it is painted on and does not line up properly with the facial features . Also , the hair does not even fit the face of the picture . Basically , you end up looking like a circus clown when you do your own makeover . Two thumbs down ... I ca n't believe the hype this toy got .
 This was the # 1 toy my daughter wanted for xmas . I bought it , which was not cheap . She was disappointed that it was so far from what the advertisement portrays this as . The picture quality is very dark and hard to center . The tools that you can actually do to create the makeover is VERY limited . She played with it once and wants me to sell it . ; -LRB-
 My girls -LRB- 8 and 11 -RRB- were so excited to get this product and do makeovers on themselves . The problem is the camera is hard to use and does not take good pictures to do the makeovers on . You 'd need professional photography lighting to get pictures as good as the samples the game comes with , and the camera does n't even have a flash . They are having fun doing makeovers on the sample photos , but that was n't what we bought this for .
 I bought this for my daughter this Christmas and we were so disappointed with it . The main problem is that the camera takes awful , dark , grainy pictures . After several tries and lots of added light her features were still difficult to see on the tv screen . We still tried to do a makeover but , in addition to not being able to make out the subject , the makeover items were kind of boring . I was hoping there would be a way to import our own photos but did n't see a way to do it . I do n't know how this product got so many good reviews -LRB- which I relied on when I reluctantly made this expensive purchase -RRB- . If you decide to buy this item , be sure to hold on to your receipt and the packaging . BTW , I had also bought the same company 's -LRB- Radica 's -RRB- `` Designer 's World '' game this Christmas and it turned out to be much more fun and was much , much less expensive .
 The advertising for this toy makes it appear that you can create a realistic makeover using your own face . In reality , you can only make awful-looking `` cartoon '' type makeovers . This was a big disappointment to my 11 year-old daughter . Do n't waste your money .
 My daughter -LRB- 9 -RRB- was given this for Christmas . She was really excited about it . My husband hooked it up to the television & she tried to play with it . Not that we expected the best but the picture quality was terrible . You could barely make out the features -LRB- unlike on the box where they make it look so clear -RRB- . The instructions barely walked you through how to play with the features . We spent about 2 hours trying to figure it out only to decide to return it . Get a cheap 3-4 MP camera & a makeover software for about the same price !
 Do not buy this item if you are looking for a fun Makeover . When you actually use it , the blush , hair and eyemakeup are actually like pieces of cartoons which are slapped on to your child 's picture . They look ridiculous and nothing like the pictures on the box . Unbelievable false adverstising !
 The photo quality on this is non-existent . You have to have super lighting or the picture is too dark , you have to have perfect aim or your face is not in the oval , and if you should get a photo it is grainy ! My daughter and I tried to get the perfect shot but we kept on getting her body not her face . We tried it on a grainy photo just for laughs and found that the makeup options were not worth the effort.This is one Christmas gift that goes on our Disappointment list !
 it really has only trick then it gets really anoying - the sound will drive you batty . In our recent move it suddenly dissappeared ... oops sorry kids .
 This `` game '' is like a Saturday Night Live skit . A bright red and yellow star claims `` with Limited Gameplay ! '' as if it were a feature . Whichever marketer labelled this game is an a-hole , and I hope his or her children get very disappointing and mis-marketed `` games '' for their next birthday .
 My daughter gave this as a Christmas present to a friend who loves playing the Clue game . I know trinkets like this are n't truly meant to be played with , but usually they come with all the pieces , that 's what makes it so neat . But this one only comes with one dice and two weapons . My daughter was embarrassed after her friend opened it . It is not worth the money .
 I can not believe what a rip off this is ! It is impossible to play it ! It has two pieces for two players , a dice ... but no cards ! And if there were cards , you can not read the tiny writing . I have excellent vision , the lettering is sooo tiny you would need a magnifying glass to read it . I felt so awful giving this as a little gift to my nephew . It is pointless . Very angry with this product -LRB- ca n't call it a game -RRB- !
 It 's weighty and cute , but the chain is flimsy , its a bit smaller than in the movie , and the coloring is a little off . I think its a good gift for children .
 This is a nice piece as well for pirates of the caribbean . I got one for me a long time ago , then I got one for both of my nieces and they love it . It 's a nice piece for child or adult .
 I bought this for my 9 year old and the chain is not sturdy . It was broken after just one day . The charm is not as large as I thought it would be . I wish I had not made this purchase .
 Cheap decoration for my pirate theme room . Like the look but did not come with link chain as shown . Was going to give it to my girlfriend but only came with a cheap chord .
 The detailed pictures showing for this item are not of the Master Replica coin that is being sold . The pictures look much better than the MR coin necklace . The MR coin is VERY shiny and glossy and does not have much detail . I 'm not sure what brand the coin in the pictures for this item are , but I think the one with the chain is the Raven Blackwood necklace.You will be disappointed if you buy this necklace and are expecting it to look like the close-up picture -- IT DOES N'T !
 I had purchased a tool belt for my grandson for Christmas 2011 . It was excellent quality . When I went in to my history , I thought I was making a purchase of the same item . This was not the case . This item was inexpensive , but also cheaply made with very little play value in terms of moving parts and tool quality .
 Judging from the picture I assumed that it would come with a stand and the plane . It was only the plane . That was not clear from the description.False advertising if you ask me .
 its looks exactly like the photo but smaller ... didnt know that it was going to be this small ... its the size of an adults hand . . -LRB- maybe even smaller -RRB-
 Squidward was purchased for our 3 yr old grand daughter . When Squidward arrived in the small box , his neck was bent . Bob at BB Toys offered to replace him for us . He told us he thought that 's why Squidward was being retired because of his neck not being strong . We figured since a 3 yr old would be playing with him his neck would get alot looser as time goes by so we decided not to worry about it . I will purchase from this company again as they were very nice to deal with and offered to replace Squidward . Thanks Bob .
 I THINK THE MEERCATS ARE CUTE , ALTHOUGH , VERY OVER PRICED RE
 We bought the Human Torch and Bat-man . Human torch did n't work right out of the box . We had the old spiderman by himself which ended up working with the Batman . He worked . My 4 year old and I could barely hear eachother . I did n't expect it to be great , but I would n't recommend these toys . Spend $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and get some real ones and see how they work .
 This toy is useless . The cord is so short you ca n't pull it behind you . It is placed in a weird spot on the dogs head . The plastic is very cheap too . If you want to collect all the toy story toys and leave them on the self this would be fine but if your giving it to kids do n't bother .
 My son is a big fan of toy story and has most of the movie 's toys , which are great . This slinky dog toy has been a real disappointment , the toy is made of very poor materials , the feet fell off and the screws that were holding them remained attached to the legs , the slinky got stretched within the first minutes of playing with it , and the paint has now started peeling !
 I received this slinkly dog for my four year old daughter . Although she loooves Toy Story I found this dog to be extremely small . Just a little bigger than a barbie doll , in my opinion . I have not given it to her yet for Christmas and even though I know she will love it - - my impression is that it is too small .
 This was SO SO much smaller than I expected . The one picture of the girl pulling the dog behind her is nothing short of deception ! The dogs string is about 4 inches long ... definitely not long enough for my 37 inch child to pull while walking ! It does n't stand up , which leads to frustration for my 3 year old . I mean its a cute toy if you want a cheap `` slink '' to join your Toy Story Collection . I wish I would have went for the more pricey one ! I am sure it would n't of been so small and useless other than decoration !
 Slinky is one of the most wanted characters from Toy Story . He is cute and unique and our 4 year old was so pleased to receive him . He stretches out and does n't contract very well but he does complete the character set .
 It broke already . Also why does it have a string in the mddle of it ? We had a slinky dog toy when Toy story frst came out that was well made . This was not .
 The pics show a child pulling dog behind them . Very unlikely it is small perfect for the hands of a toddler to hold . I got it for my son for christmas he has not recieved it yet . I think he will like it but not as much as he would have had it truly been the size of pic . He is almost 6 and loves the slinky dog .
 My wife was all excited to get this toy for my 3 yr old but he did n't have much fun with it . I think they thought it was going to `` behave '' like the character in the movie . Kids really did not play with him much and I believe he was in two pieces the last time I saw him . Sorry slinky dog !
 This product made it to Germany but did not get to Uwe Pasbrig . How can we fix this ? How can we ge tthis item to the person in Germany ?
 My granddaughter loved it at first until the slinky part got bent . It would n't `` walk '' far without falling over before it got bent . I do n't think it 's an educational toy .
 I thought the toy was like the one the picture of the girl , and is veryvery small : -LRB-
 I loved the size & look of this small Slinky Dog . Unfortunately , the string was not long enough for him to be pulled like a traditional pull toy . Also , the slinky was very poorly made & quickly broke . My 4 year old was very disappointed , as this is the only one of his many Toy Story 3 figures that had any problems .
 I bought this toy as a gift for my five years old nephew , but after twice that he stretched the dog , it never returned to the original shape . I think the dog is okay if you do n't want to play with it .
 This is supposed to be a pull toy but would not lay flat on floor so it could be pulled . Instead it curled up into a ball and dragged willie nilly in a ball . Absollutely useless .
 We adopted a baby and got this toy as a present . My baby is 9 months old and she is n't interested in this toy . The buttons are hard to push and the music quality is n't that good . The 2 swinging toys that hang from it are uninteresting to her . I 'm waiting to see if she likes it better when she can sit on it . Right now this toy is a dud .
 I bought it for my 3 months son , however I found the function for kicking and patting did n't work , as music does n't sound . I called to get a replacement , unfortunately the replacement has the same problem , it seems the quality of this unit is not stable at all . I know some reviews mentioned the playing mode has a background music , that 's not a design problem that 's a quality problem ! Other than that , music is ok , do n't know rocking function as we are not there .
 The toy is fun . I read the directions several times and could not find where to screw on the screws , and so it wobbles . I only let her use it while I am watching it in case it is not durable . She loves it , though . A cute toy .
 we loved it until our 16 month old bit the mallet and it split in two . the plastic just snapped . not the safest of toys , so now i 'm looking for a strong , sturdy wooden one .
 Only getting 2 stars because my daughter likes it . It wo n't stand up or stretch out . Not as quality as the original . Would not buy again !
 The retro-slinky dog , however cute , just does n't work . We have tried it on the hardwood floor , the carpet , the title . We have tried tying a string arounds it 's neck , adding a string to it 's short stubby string , using the short stubby string to pull it but nothing works . Our kids 2 & 6 just drag it around laying on it 's side -- it 's just not fun -- the head is too heavy and it does n't move well at all . I would not buy it . the Fisher Price doggy we got is very cute and it stays upright , it walks with you and the pull-string is a good length -- plus it 's cute too !!
 Purchased as a Christmas present for my 4 year old grandson . Very poor quality . I think it will fall apart after a few uses .
 What a waste of money . My son who got this for his 3rd birthday and loves his regular pull dog toy and loves all the Toy Story movies looked at this pulled the incredibly short string and then said I could have it . He never wanted it back .
 This would be ok for a younger child . However , the &#34; pulling string &#34; is so short that you can NOT pull it AROUNG on any type of floor.The item is very hard to stand up on its 2/4 paws * . . making it frustrating for a child to try to play with it.My son had &#34; interest &#34; in this one for about ten minutes until he got so aggravated with trying to just stand it up that he threw it into his toy box and has NOT . Tried it since Christmas morning.I would suggest this toy for a child from 1-3 years old ONLY ... As it would only disappoint older children .
 The slinky dog is a waste . As for the other toys , I have not received them yet and have not used the shampoo or the conditioner yet
 My 3.5 year old son is obsessed with Toy Story . He has wanted every character from the movies and when he wanted Slinky Dog , at first we bought this one from Target . I have to say this is one of the more annoying toys we have ever purchased . It 's loud and cumbersome for him to play with . We ended up returning it to Target and purchasing the smaller version of this toy from Amazon . Not only was the scale much better -LRB- this Slinky Dog is HUGE and CLUNKY -RRB- but he liked the smaller one much better . It is the only time in his life he has ever let me return one of his toys . The durability of either of these toys is n't great . Much like a normal slinky . Expect kinks and bending etc. . I recommend getting the smaller one . Cheaper and does the job for you Toy Story lover .
 I ordered this toy because my son loves all Toy Story characters , but for my surprise we did n't get the dog ... we got just the spring !
 I bought one of these `` original '' slinkies made by Proof Slinky for my son , but it was a huge disappointment . It could only go down 4 , 5 stairs if we were lucky and if we did it `` right '' -LRB- it is supposed to be easy , is n't it ? -RRB- . Most of the time , it only traversed 2 . I saw videos on youtube showing slinkies going down long stairs without any problem . Those videos were made in recent years in homes where the stairs look exactly like mine . I start to believe what one of the reviewers said about the new slinkies being shorter .
 I ordered the one in the VINTAGE box and did not get it meaning I will have to buy another FROM ANOTHER VENDOR .
 Who did n't like there Slinky?I bought an `` original '' one for my kids , but it was too short to go down the stairs . So then I bought this super retro original . Same deal , older box.I found out that Slinky was sold to Proof , they shortened it by about 20 % to save cash , but it does n't work anymore . Why not just raise the price 20 % and sell ones that work ?
 I loved Slinky as a child , gave one to each of my kids , and keep one on my desk at work to use when I need to think thru a problem . This particular slinky leaves a black residue on your hands that requires soap and water to wash off . It comes off so easy that I assume it would dirty your clothes too . I do not recomend this 1945 Collector 's Edition for children or for anything more than a visual display . Buy the silver one if you want to handle it .
 This item is black . I do not ever recall seeing a black slinky , they were all silver like uncoated metal . And yes , I was there in the 40 's and played with a lot of them . Also it fails to do it 's thing if your steps are 11 '' deep and covered with carpet . Back in the 40 's the steps were less deep , at least in a row house in Philadelphia and they worked like a charm .
 The box says
 I liked other lego houses much better than this one . You can build the model and it looks just like the picture . What I did not like is that I felt limited in making up my own designs with this set . The 2 doors are differnt colors and I would have liked to have more windows -LRB- none in the back of the house -RRB- . I 'd even be willing to give up the car for more windows . Also , in doing my own design , I do n't have beige bricks , so I had to use what they had and could not add any from my collection . So , that is why I gave this a lower than usual rating for a lego set . It is OK , but I like other sets a lot more because I think one can be more creative with them and get better `` special '' parts .
 My name is Amelia Amadon @aol . com under Hyperchick1192 . Over the past 4 weeks I have visited in hopes of a tomogatchi connection and each time have left emptyhanded . Also I looked for VideoNow PDV 's . At that also I have been unsucsesful . Please respond.Thank you very much .
 Tad is incredibly repetive and boring . My daughter will not touch him . Spend your money elsewhere unless you want to keep hearing `` Hi , I 'm Tad and you can count on me '' over and over !
 Do n't waste your money ! Overpriced , small , cheap , came stuffed into a box that was too small so it was bulging at the seams , only to be held in by the packing tape , and worst of all ... it smelled damp and of mildew ! Got the kids one for Christmas and it 's still in the closet in the box , where it will stay unless the merchant will take it back . I just did n't have time with Christmas and all the rush to arrange for a return . I 'll try but I 'm pretty sure I know what they 'll say . Look for a better one folks . This one really is a waste of money .
 Bought this for my 3 yr old son for Christmas . It lasted MayBE 24 hrs . It came apart at the seams and stuffing is everywhere . It was n't even aggressively used . I hung it up and it was punched and kicked by a 3yr old . Do NOT buy this !!!! For $ 40 , this was a HUGE waist of money .
 My son is only 5 yrs old and this bag tore in the first 3 minutes of him playing with it . Going to try duck tape ! I would not recommend this product to anyone over 3 yrs old .
 this item arrived and the smell of the material was so horrid , i had to leave it outside for 5 days and it still smelled bad . Then after 1 day of use , the strap broke off and the stitching tore apart . A terrible product
 My 7 year old and 5 year old boys took wacks at this bag for about five minutes each before the bag ripped off the rope . Low low quality - I think it may only be appropriate for 3-4 year olds.Yes my kids were hitting it hard , but not hanging off of it or doing anything other than punching it with their hands . Its a punching bag so I assumed it could handle a pummeling from two little kids . Obviously not.Also the gloves would never properly fit any child - the room for the hands is proper but then the wrist straps - essential to keeping them on - are made for adult size wrists . I ended up using tape to keep them tight on each child . This was fine but also disappointing that the people who designed this product didnt bother to check the wrist sizes of children .
 This product turns out to be a joke . Heavy bag was 10 '' tall and weighs less thaan 2 pounds . Gloves are for a 2 year old .
 Just fell apart , plus no where to hang the thing ! So frustrating I wan na punch a punching bag , but it 's broken !
 I picked it up from its straps and it tears immediately . Not even one hit . Hopefully my sister in law can sew it back together . Worst Christmas gift ever . My nephew was never able to use it .
 I was so excited to get this for my 6 year old son . He 's got a lot of energy and I figured a punching bag would be great!When the package came it was in a tiny box . I opened it and took the bag and gloves out and could not believe how small it was . -LRB- The gloves were normal size and seemed to be sturdy -RRB- But I 'm 5 ' 5 and the actual bag comes to my knees . It 's obviously shorter than a 6 year old -LRB- or a 2 year old for that matter -RRB- . So I figured I 'd try to hang it , but there is nothing at the top to hang it by ? It 's just tied off at the top.I never send anything back , so I will end up keeping it for my son to use his imagination with , but I was let down with product this for sure .
 This punching bag is very small . There were no size dimensions listed for it , but it said for ages 7 and up so I assumed it was a nice size . I got it in yesterday and it is only about 24 in . long and maybe 8 inches in diameter . -LRB- I do n't have it in front of me to measure -RRB- . I was very disappointed as I thought this would be a great gift for my 6 year old . The material it is made of seems durable , but then again it has n't been played with . I was trying to keep from buying a leather/vinyl bag as they are really too big . I am looking into returning it as I do n't see it being big enough for him to play with . I would say it is more for a 3 year old .
 Get what you pay for ... Unfortunately , it was n't even worth that price . I purchased this for my 2 year old for fun , since he likes to hit my 100lb bag . He has some fun with it but the materials are so cheap , he does n't even like the gloves . The bag gets beat on by my 10 year old also and is already starting to fall apart at the seams . It might last longer if you only allow soft hitters on it .
 The Seller do n't stand behind their product . I have a 4 year old boy that used it 2 days maybe about 1 hour max.The rope that holds it broke while he was hitting it . He Never hung on it , I was there the whole time , and we spent alot of money on this . After I bought this on Amazon I saw it for cheaper in the store and now I wish I would have done just that . Stores reimburse you for products that do n't work . You should stand behind a product that do n't work too . My advise is do n't buy this because if anything goes wrong they do n't stand behind there products .
 So disappointed ! The seams were not strong enough for my little nephew 's punch ! It ripped almost instantly ! After a duct tape repair , the straps ripped out of the seam as well . NOT DURABLE at all . So sorry!This is suitable only for a little kid , 2 or 3 years old !
 The straps for hanging this bag broke after a couple of punches by my 7 year old . -LRB- The thread they used to stitch the bag and straps is too fine and fragile . -RRB- Description states `` Ages 7 and up '' , but it 's probably more appropriate for a 4-5 year old . -LRB- However , the gloves are plenty big , even for a 7 year old . -RRB- Also , you need to get creative about finding something low enough to hang this from . If you use a rope to hang it from a doorway , it will sway too much after each punch . Measures 18 '' tall x 7 '' diameter and 3 pounds .
 i am being attacked by my tamagotchi it sprouted legs and arms because i forgot to feed it . my name is choconibletbeans and i am fearing for my life , the tamagotchi took a knife and is chasing me down . ive taken refuge in this room so i dont die . but before i go i must warn you dont piss this thing off . or better yet dont buy the demented thing . please if theres anyone out there HELP ME ! OH NO i forgot about chicichiciwawa my baby the thing is going after her . it locked me in here someone go get her . Oh by the way there is a moral to this story ... . DONT PISS OFF CHILDRENS TOYS
 This product worked one time and that was it . They just are not made well . My son was dissapointed , but they are inexpensixe toys !
 It is attractive to small kids which is a plus , but the volume is so extremely low you can hear the motion of the toy and not your music .
 Got this for my 6 y.o. son as a gift . Literally took him about 1 minute to `` dig '' thru the egg to get the dinosaur . Very disappointing as the digging was why he was interested . It cost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- price plus s/h -RRB- for a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- dinosaur and 1 minute of enjoyment . Would n't recommend it .
 My kids received Leapsters as Christmas presents . They were elated ! The biggest gift of the season to be sure . The first sign of a problem should have been when one came w/a monitor cover and the other did not . When we called Amazon to request a cover be sent , I was basically told , it was n't their problem and to call Leap Frog . So we did . We were told a new cover would be mailed immediately . Three weeks later , we are still waiting . Then one week after Christmas , the one w/o the monitor cover stopped working . The monitor would not reply to the stylus meaning most of the games were non-functioning . If you could get to a game that used the arrows , you were okay . I used Leap Frog 's online customer support which promised a 48-72 hour response time . Let 's just say I never got that even after submitting an additional complaint . Finally called them directly 20 days later only to have a basically inept customer service person who kept putting me on hold . So now we are waiting -LRB- not holding my breath -RRB- for a replacement Leapster -LRB- we 'll see -RRB- . I have to return the original one which she tried to have me to at my own expense - they 're sending a mailing slip . Do I like the Leapster on its own - Yes , I think it is fairly educational but more just entertaining for the kids -LRB- when they are n't fighting over the working one -RRB- . Would I buy another - NO WAY !
 I thought this would be a great toy for my 6-yr-old . Boy was I wrong . It was played with for about 20 minutes , then never touched again . I tried a couple different cartridges in hopes that the new themes would help spur interest , but to this day , instead , the leapster lays on a shelf collecting dust . Neither of my children found it very interesting . The 3-yr-old found it too difficult to understand . The now 7-yr-old never had much interest in it ever . I liked it - and played with it for several minutes to try and get the kids interested in it . No luck .
 I just found out this is the newer version of the leapster system and will not work with the old -LRB- and only -RRB- recharger that amazon is selling . The new recharger , available on other sites , works with this newer rectangular model and the L-max . Do n't be fooled - the newer version has a smaller screen but the older version will be harder to find as leapfrog starts pushing this newer model.Check out the silver version on amazon , the only one that they sell which is the older version . The pink one is newer version as well and you will find a similar comment from someone that bought it . Amazon / Imaginarium should make it clear that the recharger on their site will only work with the silver system.Buyer beware - especially if you are hoping for free shipping and end up returning products that are n't compatible .
 We bought the pink Leapster this year for our 4 1/2 year-old daughter and a green Leapster for our 3 1/2 year-old son for Christmas to replace their original blue and silver Leapsters which had been `` loved '' and `` dropped '' to the point of exhaustion . Having had the `` original '' Leapsters for over a year , my children acquired quite a few Leapster accessories ... multiple game titles , rechargeable Leapster battery packs and charging docks to name just a few.Not wanting to start from scratch , but wanting to purchase their new Leapsters in different colors , I contacted LeapFrog Industries directly -LRB- the manufacturer of the ever-popular Leapster and Leappad products -RRB- to determine if their existing accessories and game titles would be compatible with the newly colored Leapsters . I spoke to a representative in technical support who assured me that our existing accessories would all be compatible with the new Leapster . He claimed that all of the game cartridges and accessories for the Leapster and Leapster L-Max were completely interchangeable , and we would not have any problem.After speaking with the representative , I ordered the new colored Leapsters online . My children opened their new Leapsters with delight on Christmas morning ... that delight quickly turned into tears as we fruitlessly tried to install the Leapster battery into the new Leapsters . The old battery itself is actually bigger than the new Leapster ... not even close to being the correct size , shape or dimensions.After frantically racing to a local store yesterday to purchase two new charging systems -LRB- at a cost of $ 80 -RRB- , I contacted LeapFrog again . While they do admit to seeing notes from my prior call in the system , they claim that there is nothing they can do to assist us . The only advice offered was to return the two new Leapsters to the store , or to purchase the required L-Max accessories for this product.When our children did finally have the opportunity to play with their new Leapsters , our disappointment in this new product deepened . It seems that two of the internal games that our children loved from the original Leapster have been `` deleted '' from this new version and replaced by a built-in Leapster software commercial.The Leapster is a well-loved toy in our home , rich with benefits for both of our preschool-aged children . Do n't let our bad experience sway your decision to purchase this product , just learn from our unfortunate experience and choose your accessories carefully . I would also recommend making your purchase through a retailer with a liberal and understanding return policy , such as Amazon .
 Gone through 2 units and both developed screen problems and then I gave up . Never really ran long enough to experience the battery pain . My kids are not rough on toys.Like others the second unit went quicker than the first.I noticed the demo units in the store have a spring loaded stylus . I gues they know how to fix the problem , but just are n't interested in providing it to customers.A terrible blemish on an otherwise fun and entertaining toy .
 My daughter loves her Leapster . The games are fun and when it 's working she learns tons , so generally I 'm happy . Here 's the thing . The system can not take much normal wear and tear - and I 'm not talking abuse here , just regular -LRB- heavy -RRB- use from a 5 yo . We 've had problems off and on since we bought the game -LRB- 4 mos . ago -RRB- . And calling Leap Frog for help ? Forget it ! If you need to buy another part , you may as well just go buy another game and save yourself the aggravation . Here 's the process
 Great learning tool my 3-yr . loves - but the screen stopped responding after only 2 weeks completely ! Luckily , I 'm still within my exchange time frame - this toy is potentionally so neat - why ca n't they make it last ??
 I have had the leapster since it was debuted in New York City last November . I spent -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- on this piece of junk that never worked correctly . I originally bought this toy as a Christmas gift for my son who is 5 years old , which mind you is within the age range for this product . When I returned the leapster to the store after Christmas , they told me that I was not within the store warranty period for an exchange but leapfrog has a longer warranty . When I contacted leapfrog about this pathetic excuse they call an educational toy , they told me I had to pay for shipping to send this piece of junk back to them . When I argued my point that this product was defective and non functional from day 1 , they told me that if I did n't like their return policy , then I should go back to the store where I bought it from . The store exchanged the leapster after hearing my HORRIFIC story about the customer service I received from leapfrog . When I got home and tried the second leapster , the same thing happened . The touch screen was not working at all . I decided to count this product as a heavy loss and bought the color pixter from Fisher Price which is excellent . I reccomend that anyone who reads this review take my advice and not buy this product . I have several other leapfrog toys as well , which are alright but I think Fisher Price has a much better product , and definitley much much better service .
 We bought this for our 3-year-old son , who absolutely loves it ! BUT ... after 4 months of use , it is malfunctioning and gets stuck in the middle of the games -LRB- very frustrating for a child -RRB- . We have tried the reset button , replacing/removing the batteries , yet have not been able to fix it . Took it back to Toys R Us -LRB- with the reciept -RRB- in order to exchange it for a new one , however , Toys R Us has a very strict 45 day warranty/exchange policy and refused to let me exchange it -LRB- manager at store said `` I need to call the manufacturer and see what they can do '' -RRB- ... i.e. , great product if you do n't mind spending $ 70 every 4 months to replace it in the event it should malfunction ... As a fun and educational toy I would give this product `` 5 Stars ! '' However , I highly suggest purchasing this product through a different retailer .
 Purchased the Leapster in November for Christmas last year for my five year old son despite some of the negatives reviews I read . My son used his Leapster for 4 hours before it shut down and never worked again . By the time I read the warranty , 2 months later -LRB- we moved and took a vacation in that time -RRB- it had expired per the manual . Six months later -LRB- I did n't want to just throw it away -RRB- and I find out from a friend that there is an extended warranty that they do n't tell you about . Called , shipped my defective unit out at my expense for a replacement . The replacement lasted only two hours longer before it also died . Called the company again , but the extend warranty has expired . Yes , I did everything they asked ... new batteries , wiped the battery connections , etc. . . Also , my son is VERY good with his toys and I even let him use my laptop and the wii . Never have we had a problem with any of his toys before . WILL NEVER BUY ANY LEAPSTER AGAIN . Now I 'm out over $ 100 or more for the cost of the leapster and all the games we bought for it that he never got to play with .
 My mother bought my twin four year old boys two Leapsters . The boys opened their Leapsters on Christmas Eve . One of the Leapsters was broken in less than 24 hours , becoming completely inoperable by Christmas morning . It is totally dead and is now the functional equivalent of a doorstop . So for a week , I 'd see one child sitting on the sofa and playing with a Leapster while the other watched over his shoulder . Well , now they are even . The other model is now broken too . It shuts down in the middle of games -- but hey , at least it still starts up and it lasted A WHOLE WEEK !! I 'm totally DISGUSTED with these products . I know what my mother paid for two units , and she blew even more money on three cartridges . You are better off buying a cheap PC for your kids to use . These Leapsters have only a 3 month warranty ! To me , that indicates that these are disposable toys , to be enjoyed for a few hours , days , or weeks . Better off to just give your kid a roll of quarters and head to the video arcade . What bothers me even more ? These are n't learning toys . This is just grooming . What the toy manufacturers want is for your children to be numb , distracted , glazed over , and totally distracted by pressing video game buttons . Toymakers want your money . That is all that is going on here . I do n't believe that my kids learned one damn thing in a whole week with their one functioning Leapster other than Buyer Beware . But by the time I explained that , I realized that I was blowing Santa 's cover . Now my kids know that Santa did n't bring these toys -- their grandmother got ripped off buying them .
 well i am 11 years old in ca well this product sucks . i would rather get the color pixter or the iQuest . first i was begging for this but the reviews and the editors review really turned me off . a other thing is that someone said they got the `` leapster '' instead of the pixter . well they said the pixter did n't have education well thats why there is cartiges for the desired game or any thing you would like . about the i quest it is tight . it prepares us , kids , for test or anything like that . after checking its editors review i saw it was better that the leapster , which i wanted first . it would help me better than this junk becausewgich would not have all the information that we need . like contrast the iquest has the mostly allthe information of the text books in schools and when you type the title of the text book it will tell you information . as well as preparing for the big test in spring . ;-RRB- bye thanx .
 MY PACK WAS MISSING PARTS.HOPEFULLY I CAN GET THIS RESOLVED.BIG DISSAPPOINTMENT FOR MY CHILD .
 I have watched my friend play with a leapster.He says he hates it but his mom nakes him play it.All it plays are learning games.I like pixter color better.Pixter color has a arcade cartrigde the plays non-learning arcade games.I would not -LRB- ... -RRB- !
 My -LSB- ... -RSB- has had a leapster -LRB- older version and lmax -RRB- for 2 years - We travel a lot with my older children and we use the leapster often . It is an incredible machine . My son at a very young age learned to recognize his alphabet - upper and lower letters , numbers , sounds , color combinations , blends and so much more . He loves to play and does n't even realize he is learning so much . By the time he went to pre-school this past year he was a leap ahead of most kids his age . Now entering Kindergarten - he uses the games that put words together and had a sight vocab of over 30 words - maybe more . I am not boasting about my son but what Leapster has taught him . Of course school was a big infuence as well . Imagine spending hours doing something you love and it 's not a video game.Now , my -LSB- ... -RSB- has the older version and is on his way.Thanks leap frog for designing something small enough to take along easily and designed to look like my kids big kid games.I am a big fan.Sincerely , Michelle McGuigan
 We bought this for our 4-yr-old daughter 's bday . She LOVES Leapfrog , has the DVDS , my first Leappad , Little Touch Leappad and Leappad w/writing . She also has Leap bus , table , Princess Laptop . . you get the idea , we highly endorse Leapfrog products . She could also read by the age of 2 and I mean she can read second grade level now . But she will not use the Leapster . She is very bored with it and will only play one or two games . I feel it is a great idea and perhaps your kids would be interested , but she prefers her leappad over it hands-down .
 I ordered the Leapster Learning Game System on 12/07/06 , I chose standard shipping which is 3 to 5 days . This was more then enough time I needed to have the item arrive before Christmas . Here it is 01/10/07 , and still the item has not arrived . My account says it was shipped on 12/11/06 . When I track the item it says expected delivery date is 01/31/07 . Nothing was EVER stated when I placed the order that the delivery date would be 01/31/07 . Only 3 - 5 days . This is the most ridiculous thing I ever heard ! I had other items placed with this order that I have received off and on out of the blue before and after Christmas . There are 3 items all together that I NEVER received at ALL from TARGET . I counted on these items for Christmas and I am very disappointed with AMAZON and TARGET . I have done alot of business with Amazon and in the futre I will NEVER , NEVER give any of my business to AMAZON if the order is connecrted to TARGET in any way !!!! TARGET & AMAZON deserve 0 stars for terrible service , and false advertisement ! I would love to rate this item , but first I would like to receive the item !!!!!!!
 I bought this for my son and daughter last Christmas and within days they stopped working . Of course I did not have the box or anything so it was just a waste of money ...
 Nintendo has dominated the handheld market since 1989 . Many other competitors , such as the Sega Game Gear , Tiger Game.com , Bandai Wonderswan , and Nokia N-Gage have not made a dent in Nintendo 's sales . The Leapster is one of the newest competitors to Nintendo 's handheld empire , but how good is it?To answer that question
 My son got this unit for Christmas in addition to many games/software . The software requests that the user push the `` big blue button '' . Guess what ? NO big blue button . I find this absolutely unacceptable from a big name company who calls themself `` educational '' . Sure , kids can figure it out , but THAT is not the point . We should expect more as parents from this company and more for our kids ! I contacted Leapfrog about this issue and do you know what they told me ? I am to tell my son that he has a `` special '' leapster !! Maybe Leapfrog needs someone to send them a dictionary b/c there is nothing special about a product like this when it is n't capable of following its own software instructions.Additionally ... beware ... the leapster recharging system that we also bought does NOT fit.Very very very unhappy with Leapfrog and their customer service and their products .
 The leapster I bought my son did not last through the year . It broke after about 7 months . I have tried repeatedly to contact customer service just to see if I can get it fixed . I know it 's not still under warranty and I have no idea where the receipt is at this point . I have spent at least half an hour on the phone several days in a row trying to get through at Leapster . Disappointing at best .
 I bought this for my 4 year old and am finding the touch screen does not work well with the software , which can cause lots of tears and frustration . I 'm not sure if it is a software or equipment flaw . Even with fresh batteries the game can lock up and need to be restarted . I like the idea of the game , but wish it was more user friendly .
 I just called Targets online ordering number to find out the Shipping Soon timeframe since it will let you go ahead and order and pay for this now . According to Target.com they will not be ion for 4-6 weeks and WOULD NOT be shipped by Xmas if you are pre-ordering , same for the leapster games . I was about to preorder until I found this out so thought I would share . They did say the brick & amp ; mortar stores will have them but these online will not ship in time for Dec. 25 . Hope this help .
 THE ITEM WAS NOT AT ALL WHAT I WAS EXPECTING ! ITS DIRTY , EVEN THE BAG IT CAME IN WAS DIRTY !! THE BACK WERE THE BATTERIES GO HAS RUST AND IT WONT TURN ON !! THERE 'S SCRATCHES ALL OVER ... I MEAN THE LIST JUST GOES ON !!
 Leapster products are absolute crap and most die within weeks of the end of the extremely short warranty period . Ours died about 4 days after the warranty was up and I know many others who have had similar experiences . Do yourself a favor and steer very clear of these products and the lousy unethical company that sells them .
 I have had both of the older versions of the leapster . Both have been awesome . The leapster 2 is a great system , when it is working . I drive 15 min to work with my son who usually plays the game and 15 min home . 30 min MAX a day . I have to replace the batterys every other week . That is 4 times more than the other 2 and way too expensive . They suggest I turn the volume down and lighten the screen . Yeah that is fun for the kids . I absolutly hate this machine now -LRB- its only 6 weeks old -RRB- and will NEVER buy another . I teach and am so happy to inform all my friends about this problem . They also suggested that I buy a battery pack -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- ... that is what the machine cost.SincerlyVery Unhappy
 My children love their Leaptster but become very , VERY frustrated with the game and end up crying because the pen does not work consistantly ... sometimes it works but , as time goes by , it works less and less . My children hardly even play with it anymore . I , myself , get frustrated . I just now tried to play the darn thing and could n't even log on . We have three of these games so it is not just a `` lemon '' issue . We have even returned all three for new ones but they all , eventually , in not a very long time , stop working or responding to the pens . What is the deal ? Great idea but it does not work !! Very frustrating !!
 I purchased a Leapster Learning System for my daughter 's 6th birthday . She loved the product until it quit working 4 mths after purchase . I wrote customer support who apparently did n't even read my description of the problem , & they told me to recalibrate the unit . Well , since the unit would n't do anything at all , it was impossible to recalibrate it . After some time passed & trying all the different things to get it to work , I wrote them again & was told the product only had a 3 month warranty . I found this incredibly convenient for the company , since the product apparently only lasts 4 mths . They generously -LRB- LOL -RRB- offered me a 15 % discount on any LeapFrog product . I would NEVER spend any more money -LRB- $ 50-60 -RRB- on this gaming system , as that much money is a poor investment on a product that lasts 4 mths . My child is not rough with her belongings & the unit was never dropped , or otherwise abused . After reading some of the other reviews , I 'm glad I have chosen not to replace it , since I read that others received replacement units that also failed .
 I bought a leapster for my daughter for Christmas of 2008 , well fast forward 11 mths later and the darn thing wo n't power on anymore.Customer service was a real help after giving them all of my information and being put on hold I was informed it was past the 90 day warranty and that there was nothing they could do about it.So I let them know I wasted my money on something that does n't last and told them I would be posting a review here about it too!Buyer beware , We have 3 leapsters in our house and only 1 of them works correctly all of the time.Our other one has dead spots or needs to re-calibrated all of the time and of course the first one wo n't turn on at all either !
 We bought this item for Christmas 2005 . I would recommend keeping your receipt and box for return . The Leapster worked fine for 2 weeks , but now lots of glitches and power outages . Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . Of course , we had just trashed the receipt and box . Very frustrating for 5 year old , as well as us ! When it works , it is a fun learning tool .
 my 5 year old loved it untill it broke 3 months later . i exchanged it and it broke again 4 month later ... . there is somthing worng with the touch screen and its clibration . it is too sensitive for my child .
 This is a great toy , but Leapfrog does n't seem to be able to get their quality control together . Please , guys , you NEED to fix these widespread screen problems . I hate seeing my kid disappointed because his favorite toy is broken again .
 I really should have written this review a while ago ! I bought this for my son 's bday this past June , and at first we had no problems with the screen . He had n't even had this for a few weeks when the screen stopped responding to touch . I would not recommend this , especially since he can only play games that require just the keypad . He and I both find it very frustrating to say the least that he can not play the games which require the pen , because the screen just DOES NOT WORK ! You 're lucky if you could even sign in before you play . . it takes me a few minutes every time he wants to play his games just to try and press the screen every which way to click on his name ! Not a good quality product at all . The manufacturer should really do more tests on these toys before they put them out to the general public to buy . It 's not so much the money as it is the frustration and tears from a 4 year old when a toy they love DOES NOT WORK ! I know alot of people have good reviews . . I just wish I could have been one of those people .
 I bought a leapster for my daughters 5th birthday.May 2004 . I was thrilled with the product at first , my daughters alittle behind in her learning skills so I thought this would help alot!Well this is October 27 and it does n't work.No matter what I 've tried the pen does n't work on the screen.It 's 5 months old and comes with a 3 month warranty.I 've called Leapfrog after writting this review and they have told me send it in well send you a new leapster.The company is very nice and overlooking the fact it was over 3 months old show 's their customer care.I think their A + . I just hope this leapster lasts longer .
 My 3 and 6 year old loved the item but after buying it for Christmas , it only worked for two weeks before the touchscreen stopped working . I then found a number of websites where people report this is a very common problem and has been for at least a year . Some people have returned two , three , even four of them .
 My son received a Pixter for Christmas 2003 which we exchanged for a Leapster due to the increased educational experience . What a mistake ! In the middle of January , my son started experiencing the infamous calibration problem with his Leapster . We returned the Leapster to the store and received a new one . Now , it too is having calibration problems.Save yourself alot of time and do n't buy a Leapster . Or , if its too late , like me , keep your investment in the Leapster software low . If you are n't having the calibration problem - you will . I 'm hoping that the company will publicly acknowledge the problem and do a recall .
 My 3 year old daughter absolutely loves the Leapster . However , within two days of playing with her first one , it would no longer respond correctly to the pen . I attempted to calibrate it , but it would not calibrate correctly . I called the company , and they have GREAT customer service ! They were super friendly and said I could return it to the store for an exchange -LRB- which I could n't since it was a gift with no receipt -RRB- , or mail it to them for a replacement . -LRB- I had to pay the shipping to mail it to the company , but it was n't a problem since they let me know that upfront . -RRB- I mailed the Leapster to the company and within a couple of weeks -LRB- maybe sooner , my memory is a little fuzzy -RRB- , I received a replacement . It worked great for about a day , and then we began having the same problem as we had with the first one . I have n't contacted the company yet , but I am very disappointed with the quality of the Leapster . I would not be so disappointed had the replacement worked , but when two units both have the same issue , it seems more like a serious problem rather than a glitch .
 The LEAPSTER series has HORRIBLE history regarding the touch screen . The unit may last fine for 3-4 months , but YOU WILL experience a complete failure of the screen to respond to the touch pen . For us , it occurred outside of the warranty period -LRB- at 8 months of use -RRB- . There is a plethora of people who have had the same problems with this product -LRB- Google `` Leapster screen problems '' -RRB- . I recommend that you completely avoid this product altogether until LeapFrog stands behind their product with a better warranty . At $ 60 for the unit and $ 20 per game , I hardly consider it to be a `` toss in the trash after 3 months '' toy , but that is all that their warranty covers . As I titled this , BUYER BEWARE - I recommend that you find another product with less problems , or expect to be frustrated soon !
 Our first son is just entering kindergarten this year . His Leapster , purchased 2 years ago in 2004 , was absolutely WONDERFUL . But as our second son has come along and requested the same item I am very disgusted with the product . The original Leapsters did NOT include an area for advertisements . There were the following activities , which both boys thoroughly enjoyed ; `` Rabbit River '' Alphabet recognition , Number recognition , Spelling , Basic Math -LRB- Addition , Subtraction , Multiplication and Division -RRB- ; `` The Chicken Coop '' Alphabet recognition , Number recognition , Memorization , Color recognition , Shape recognition ; `` The Color Coral '' for artistic creativity ; `` The Shape Shop '' Shape building -LRB- placing shapes in an area to create pictures provided with or without shape borders -RRB- , Plus a `` Birdy Bonanza '' where the kids get a special treat once they have collected `` 25 seeds . '' NOW , the only items included are `` Rabbit River '' , `` The Color Coral '' , and one little thing that I 'm absolutely ANNOYED with . Ingeniusly they have added marketing to the Leapster to look like an option for playing and learning . It is actually an option that was not previously on the Leapster and is completely infuriating . This is where they give a little advertisement of each of the currently available Leapster cartridges . To me this is just plain low . To take a young child 's toy and subject them to this advertisement is uncouth . I for one am completely outraged but can not do more than write this and write the company , especially now that my son is completely attached to his NEW Leapster and it 's differeing color from his brother 's . I do not appreciate Leap Frog making sure that our young children are taught not just their ABCs but how the adult world around them opperates with advertisements .
 this falls in the catagory of tries to do to much and sucks at everything.first of all , we purchased it for my sister for christmas , and she NEVER uses it . first of all , the touch screen barley works , -LRB- if you draw a line , it does the jaged thang -RRB- and the games are boring -LRB- the only games that my sister has ever played was the free game that came with it . they have already made another version of it . My sister always uses my DS -LRB- nintendo ds -RRB- or listen to my ipod . buy your kids a nintendo ds , and get your kids games that are fun to play rather than educational .
 This is an ` older ' system version from Leapfrog.You may want to check the Leapster Explorer or the Leapster-2 . The L-Max is a what older system now . We owned one a while back . Had a bad experience with it . Had to get a replacment . You can check my review on it Leapster L-Max Learning Game System . But check out theLeapFrog Leapster 2 Learning Game System - Greenor theLeapFrog Leapster Explorer Learning Game System -LRB- Green -RRB- , before you decide . These are both much more recent systems from Leapfrog , at MUCH better prices then the price of the L-max here . The Explorer is the most recent system from Leapfrog . Do some research before you decide .
 I thought this would be a great thing for my 5 and 7 year old step children last year at christmas . I convinsed my fiance the benefits to it , so we bought two.Not a good idea , with in a week maybe the calibration went wacky ... which really frustated the kids . I re-set it , and again it would not work after a certain period . After about a month of this , they did n't pick them up for about 8 months or so . They found a new interest in them and started playing again . While we 're still having the calibration problem , they have n't touched them in about a month probably.On the good side ... when it does work , i love the features and the way it 's designed for learning.Also , one other thing ... my 1 year old i think likes them better than the older kids . you ca n't get it away from him !! So , all in all ... do n't get it !!! Unless you feel like spending this kind of money on something for a pre-toddler who wo n't understand it and never will be able to full functional use of it when he 'd be able to understand .
 We are now on our 3rd Leapster and the stylus is again not synching correctly with the screen . When you ` point ' to a ' 1 ' a ' 3 ' gets clicked and so on ... However Leapster is great and has swapped them for us in the past , -LSB- ... -RSB- - that said though when it works our 5 year old will play on it for hours - recommend you get the rechargeable power pack or buy shares in Duracell ... !!
 I would not recommend this item to anyone . Last Christmas I bought it for my daughter , she played with it for a short period of time , loved it , but the touch screen stopped working right . Certain parts of the screen would n't work . So we brought it back and got another one . Guess what ? It did the SAME thing ! And I hate to even say it , but I brought that one back and got a third , I thought it was working better , it was for a while , but after a month or so , she could n't even play some of the games because the screen slowly started doing the same thing again !! So take it from me , three bad ones can not be a fluke , the touch screen on this item is POORLY MADE . I was very disappointed and so was my daughter .
 I must have a Lemon . I also bought my 4 year old a Leapster for Christmas . We are having problems with the stylus not getting a response when touching the screen . In calibration mode , I can not get a response from the top right hand corner or middle targets with the stylus . We also have difficulty having the stylus to work when choosing a `` player '' and at various other places throughout the programming.Update
 Within the first week of purchase of this product the stylus went bad . The retail store would not exchange so we had to call leap frog . Leap frog was unwilling to replace the stylus contrary to the terms of their warranty and i understood that after 3 seperate calls to them to representatives that had a hard time grasping the englisdh language . I guess they too outsource their customr service center to some country on the other side of the world . Needless to say , we will never purchase any product again from this company .
 Bought this last year for Christmas for my 3 yr . old son . For a year I thought he was leaving it on because it never seemed to have a charge . Instead of getting better the problem kept getting worse . Until finally , I put new batteries in it and it indicated no charge before it even booted . When I contacted their customer service department , Leap Frog told me there was nothing they could do because it was more than 90 days old . My older son has the Leapster L-Max and likes it and the games are educational and age appropriate ... when they work .
 We bought the LMax a couple of weeks ago , and it 's already broken . Parts of the screen is not responding to the pen . We first started using Leapfrog products with My 1st LeapFrog . My then toddler loved it and used it everyday . We ended up buying everyone book there was . We then bought the LeapPad with Writing . The pen never worked properly . It was always a half an inch off target . My daughter got frustrated and used it less than a handful of times . We tried replacing the pen , but it never fixed the problem . With reservaations , we decided to get the LMax . My daughter , who 's 4 now , just loves anything to do with a TV . I 'm disappointed not just with the Leapster unit but the game cartridges as well.We have the Scooby game that comes with the LMax unit . It seems more like `` arcade '' games . . very mindless play . We now have the Dora and SpongeBob . Since our unit is broken , I do n't know how Dora is , but I played with SpongeBob on the LeapFrog website . The SpongeBob game is one where you move the cursor around and help Patrick get `` things '' to put in a carton . Where is the educational value ? I plan to return this game . I tried several other game cartridges online and found maybe 2 that could be worthwhile , the Math Mission and Thomas.If we had a game system that worked , we might just keep this game and save us the hassle of returning . After buying a defective LeapPad w/Writing and LMax , I 'm throwing up my hands with LeapFrog . I have to wonder if they have a QC problem . Despite all its shortcomings , my daughter really likes this and becomes completely engaged with it -LRB- when/if it 's working -RRB- . That said , it would be nice if the games had more educational value . I do n't need my 4 year old to be an arcade gaming expert .
 DO NOT PURCHASE A LEAPSTER . I bought this for both a neice and nephew and they loved it , used it all the time . After just a few months of use both Leapsters died . The company will not answer any phone calls or e-mails . I recently found a web group where NUMEROUS consumers experienced the same problem . With how expensive these units are we should be able to get more than a few months out of them and the Multi-million corporation should be able to have a customer service office that will at least acknowledge a customer 's problem .
 I have purchased two leapsters -LRB- originals -RRB- because my kids love them and they learn alot . Yes , you go through alot of batteries , but something you must know is we have had problems with both and have sent them both back to Leap Frog to receive replacements . However , both are acting up again . One wont recalibrate and the other makes an annoying sound when a game is inserted . What you need to know if that LeapFrog only warranties these for 6 MONTHS ! I personally think this wrong ! You pay alot for these systems and I think that they should stand behind their products alittle better than that . Just wanted to give all of you this notice before you consider buying it .
 I am now on my second leapster and it is not working either . The first one lasted all of two weeks then suddenly will not turn back on . Their customer service tells you to clean the battery compartment if that does n't work then you have mishandled the game . Well I know it was not been mishandled because it literally was played with then put up on a shelf . The first one Amazon was very great about exchanging it for a new one . Now this one lasted one play time and now will not turn back on . It is now past the 30 day return time for Amazon . Does n't really matter because I will not be messing with another one again .
 I am so disappointed in Leapfrog ! We purchased the pink leapster for my daughter for her birthday and it does n't even work . I do n't know how on earth this product made it past Leapfrog 's quality assurance team ... or should I say what quality assurance?Leapfrog can not even warranty their product because they do n't carry the pink ones . All they can do is send a replacement one in a different color . That did n't work with my 4 year old that wanted pink and got one for her birthday . So , we are having to pay double the shipping to return the defective product and pay the shipping for the new one.The most frustrating thing is that this is n't the first Leapfrog product we have had to return that was defective . We also had to return the letter magnets because they would n't recognize the correct letter . NOW THAT 'S EDUCATIONAL.We wo n't be purchasing any more Leapfrog products because their quality assurance is sub-par .
 Christmas gift and it already quit.looked on the back and it said MADE IN CHINA ... That explains it
 I 've been to 5 major online retail stores and each had a review section , but they lure you in saying you can win 100 dollars buy submiting the best review . Well the catch is its for the one they choose to be the best for that week . So what does that tell you ? People are writing bogas positive reviews just to see if they can win the 100 dollar prize . But no one reading these reviews knows that prizes were awarded for the best reviews . I feel like calling the BBB for placing incentives on writing a good review , when it should be a straight opinionated submition like we are told when we read them .
 I bought the game hoping it would help him with his times tables . My son does n't like this game . I ca n't get him to play it . I 've tried it . It 's just not that interesting . I was a little worried I had wasted my money on the leapster system . I decided to try batman instead . He loves that game ! My husband started playing it and I could n't get him to stop ! Do n't waste your money on this game . Try something else .
 The item is alot of fun , my daughter loves it and takes more care with it than any toy , but last February , she had a dead spot on the screen , so Leapfrog send a replacement unit . Now 9 months later , the replacement ' screen will not show any images at all . Leapfrog says it is out of warranty ... This game has been used only on weekends and only in bed so wear and tear is not the issue . So beware , it is a very delicate thing . If the store you buy it at offers extended warranties do yourself a favor and buy it .
 We purchased this Leapster as a gift for my 3 year old daughter , not sure if she would really be able to use it yet or not . She immediately became hooked , and we felt it was a great learning tool . The game actually kept her mind busy with challenges at different levels . She especially loved the `` Shape Shop '' and other matching games . Things were going great . And then the problems started ... . the screen would not respond to the pen in one place after another . Leapfrog customer service would walk us through the recalibration process , just to have it `` uncalibrate '' a day or two later . My daughter became very frustrated each time we would try to play the game , and we finally ended up getting approved for a replacement Leapster . We received the replacement from Leapfrog after paying to ship them back the original toy , not what I would expect after paying $ 80 + $ 50 in extra software . When the 2nd Leapster arrived , my daughter was overjoyed to have her favorite toy back ! And then , the next day the same problems started again . The replacement Leapster took less than 24 hours to completely lose response to the stylus . To put it mildly , we are less than overjoyed . A LOT less than happy . My daughter was in tears after the 2nd Leapster stopped working , and she is not a child that is prone to crying . Better yet - it broke at the * beginning * of a 4 hour car trip , making for a lovely drive . We are now waiting for our 3rd Leapster , hopefully the 3rd try will be a charm . Especially since we just bought six software titles , a carrying case , and the recharging station so that we would have it for our trip . And it 's no picnic for my daughter having excitement turn into tears over and over again . In the end , it 's a great product if they could just work out the bugs ! Huge thumbs down for quality .
 We bought this for our son as a birthday gift 6 months ago . He loves it when it works.we are on our 4th one now . we bought the batery pack because it eats bateries . he has several of the games and loves them all . he 'll play it for hours . every one that we have had seems to have the same problem . The screen just goes dead in the center . My sister is on her third . the same thing is hapening to hers . I ca n't say it 's from missuse . I am at the point that I do n't even want to buy anymore games for it . It gets to be expensive at 20 $ ea and the thing is always breaking . I would recomend the extended waranty for this toy if you decide to buy it . It is great fun but duribility is not so great .
 between my daughter and my niece , they 've been through 3 of these . 2 of them had lines going down the screen before they were a year old , and all of them totally stopped working and do n't even turn on . I contacted Leapfrog and they said if it 's a year old and/or I have no proof of purchase , they ca n't do anything about it but told me I could purchase a new one on their website . I guess they do n't care that they have a crappy product , as long as they 're making money .
 We purchased this or my son 's 4th birthday . It lasted about 4 mos . and then would n't start up anymore . We did all the tricks -LRB- cleaning the battery connections , yadda yadda and it will wo n't start up . Now the warranty is void because it 's been past 3 mos . However , my daughter has the pink one and hers is still working but hers is only 2 mos . old ... we 'll see how long hers lasts . My son is incredibly disappointed that his is broken and that his sister 's still works . His older brother has a Nintendo DS and he 's much more interested in that anyway so I wo n't be replacing the leapster .
 I ordered this because it said 4-10yrs in the description , even the picture of the package shown on Amazon says 4-10yrs but the box I received says 4-8 . So I went to Toys R Us and they had boxes with both age ranges . I am not sure if Leapster changed the age range or if this product has two different age ranges . But I was looking for something that would be appropriate for 8-10 age range . Since I purchased it as a Christmas present I can not rate the toy itself at this time .
 I really regret buying this toy for my 5-year-old . I bought this instead of a GameBoy or something similar because I thought it might be more educational . Unfortunately , it is n't , and she will outgrow it quickly . I will admit that she loves it -- after all , it 's a video game . But it 's worthless in terms of its educational value . It teaches things like identification of triangles -LRB- uh , yeah , she 's 5 -- she knows what a triangle looks like -RRB- and how to manipulate video game buttons -LRB- last time I checked , that was n't on any proficiency test -RRB- . More importantly , the screen is very little and VERY hard to see . I really limit her time on it because she sits squinting at the screen with her shoulders clenched and her neck bent over . Since this is essentially just a video game system with no educational value , I should have saved my money and gotten a Wii or a PlayStation . At least those game systems would n't hurt her vision and posture !
 this product arrived defective . This is the second leapster i have purchased for my grand children and both they and the parents love them . Educational , fun and reliable with good battery life.Amazon took the defective unit back , no hassle and shipped a new unit immediately . You have got to love that kind of combination . I have also found the customer reviews immensely valuable when buying for kids that grow so quickly and ones you do n't see very often .
 I thought this game was great for about the first week , then the touchscreen stopped working . You ca n't even get into the games because the calibration does n't work on the unit . I 've read of numerous problems of this sort and am furious that I paid over $ 70.00 for something with such a serious defect . The cartridges are ridiculously priced as well , and we bought 5 of them for my daughter ; that means about $ 125 of software that is virtually useless unless I want to drop another $ 70 bucks on another leapster and take my chances that it works . Spend you money on books instead ... there is nothing educational about a child who is frustrated because he/she keeps trying to spell his/her name and the unit wo n't respond !
 Bought the Leapster for my 4 year old son who has been playing with Daddy 's IPAD for over a year , based on the educational value recommendation of many customers.The first leapster survived all of 15 minutes before deciding to never turn on again . This was with my son playing with it on the sofa.Returned the defective leapster for exchange . The next one I got was a bit better - lasted 2 days before doing the same thing.Googled the words `` Leapster wont turn on '' , to discover that whatever quality products Leapfrog made in the past , their current manufacturing runs are producing turkey after turkey that self destruct far too quickly , and with a customer service attitude that wins awards as the `` worst customer service '' . Hundred upon hundred of comments can be found to the self destruction capabilities of this product.Returned the second one for refund.Avoid Leapfrog products at all cost unless you define `` usability '' as replacing the device with a new one every three months .
 I spent over an hour trying to get this thing to work when the kids opened their presents . Come to find out there is some issue with the battery cartridge . I got an adapter for it and that works , but it is not a portable game now . I buy all my gifts around August for Christmas , so the warranty is expired . After reading the reviews , I do n't think I will bother with replacing it . Might try upgrading though .
 Two units and two bad problems with the stlus calibration . Leap frogs suggestion ? return it and get another -- sounds like there is a bad batch floating around out there .
 I purchased the Leapster last Christmas for my daughter . She played with it for about two months and then became extremely frustrated because the pen was not working correctly . I tried to recalibrate it but it would not finish the process . It froze on the last point in the center . I returned the Leapster and got a new one . -LRB- The company was great about it . -RRB- It took a little while for her to become interested in it again because she had been so turned off to it when it was not working . She again played with it for a couple of months and the pen needed to be calibrated again . However , when I went to calibrate it , it did the same thing as before . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I purchased two leapsters in July 2005 for my 5 year old twins -LRB- boy & girl -RRB- . They immediately loved it and the learning concepts are great . However , I would not recommend purchasing this item , my kids are very disappointed now because the touch screen no longer works , thus making it impossible to get any further use out of the unit as they are unable to log in . I have tried communicating with leapfrog but to no avail . This item is highly priced and has a limited life span . I am now stuck with 10 cartridges and no unit to utilize them ... tough luck for my kids eh ? PITY !!!
 I was so excited about this toy . I bought 5 different games & the unit keeps breaking . I 'm sure my children have dropped it , but that should be expected with a toy . Now I paid for all of the cartridges & they ca n't play them .
 I purchased this product for my son when he was 3 . He only played with it a few times . Just as he was starting to ask to play with it , it stopped working and it was not because the batteries were dead or because he abused it . The same thing also happend to a friend .
 I think the Leapster is actually a great system . I just bought it a few weeks ago for her birthday . However I can not give it high marks for one reason ; My daughter has played it , probably added up , two hours . We just went through our THIRD set of batteries . She has never been able to make it past one story reading . We bought games to go with it , but have no idea if they are good or bad , because we 've not been able to get that far . The batteries die , then it sits for a while until I change them again . She plays for a little bit , they die , and then it sits again . Its very upsetting !
 Do not buy this product . I bought this for my two grandsons for Christmas and we were all very disappointed . You can not use all the `` stix '' for lighting purposes because the power box ca n't handle them . They played with this product about 20 minutes and then put it aside . My guess is that it will go in the trash can . Do n't waste your money .
 My 6 year old son got this for Christmas and it is a horrible product . The pieces dont stay connected and the light is touchy if all the pieces are n't connected tightly -LRB- which is impossible -RRB- . The power supply makes a high pitch buzzing sound when turned on . My son and myself are very dissapointed in this item . You 'll be lucky if you can get 5 pieces to stay connected for any period of time . Dont waste your money .
 I bought two of these kits at a closeout sale because they looked interesting . Inside each rod is a piece of electroluminescent wire that glows a pale blue , and no matter what color rod one uses , it is still a shade of blue . That 's fine , because all EL wire has a bluish look . The problem with this kit is that the connector balls are very cheaply made and the barrel-type jacks and plugs do n't make solid electrical or mechanical connections . If they had used 1/16 '' phono plugs and larger balls with tighter jacks and a better quality of plastic , they would have had a first class product . It is a fascinating product that could have been better made , but I certainly would not recommend this for children liable to put the small pieces into their mouths .
 My 6 year old son got a silver Leapster last Christmas and loves it-so does my 3 1/2 year old daughter and a 3 1/2 year old cousin . My mother got both children Leapsters for Christmas -LRB- a pink one for my daughter and a green one for the cousin -RRB- . Much to everyones dismay the new colored Leapsters come with 2 less games than the original -LRB- my daughter was so excited to get the Leapster but started crying when she realized her favorite game was not included -RRB- . I would n't be so upset if Leapster had indicated this on the packaging or had named it Leapster2 instead of calling it the same thing-Leapster . When complaining to customer service at Leap Frog it was said that when they upgrade a product they do n't make it the same-they improve it . Yeah improve it with 2 less games so you have to purchase more software -LRB- they probably found that children love the software that came on the original Leapster so much that parents were n't forced to buy lots of additional software for it -RRB- . Now you ca n't even purchase the software that came on the original Leapster to use with the colored Leapster . Anyway , the cousin is returning his green Leapster and getting an original silver and I am debating what to do since my daughter really loves the pink color of her new leapster .
 My child received a Leap Frog game for Christmas that was defective and trying to exchange it has been a nighmare . The company was completely dismissive and took no responsibility for their products . Their protocal is `` it is not our fault and there is nothing we can do about it . '' Will not buy from them again .
 This is an ` older ' system version from Leapfrog.Why buy these , ... when you can getLeapFrog Leapster Explorer Learning Game System -LRB- Green -RRB- or theLeapFrog Leapster 2 Learning Game System - Green . The Leapster 2 is a more recent version of the system displayed here . While the Leapster Explorer is the MOST recent system from LeapFrog . The Leapster and the Explorer use diferent type cartridges . Check them out before you decide .
 My three year old absolutely loves this toy . He got it for his birthday in July . It 's now a week before Thanksgiving and it wo n't turn on . It has brand new batteries . The battery terminals have been carefully cleaned . It has n't been dropped , water damaged or anything -LRB- I keep it when he 's not playing with it -RRB- . It has just decided to quit turning on.I went to Leapfrog 's website thinking -LRB- it 's only been 4 months , it should be covered . Afterall , Nintendo and Playstation have a 1 year warranty as does most electronics -RRB- . I get to their website and was shocked to see a 3 MONTH WARRANTY.A company must realize they have a crappy product when their warranty is only 3 months long . Any company that has a good product would stand behind it and offer a decent warranty such as a year.Instead of buying new Leapster games for my son , I 'm going to buy him a DS . He uses his brothers and it 's lasted longer than 4 months without any problems .
 I purchased two leapsters for my children for Christmas . Overall the games are great . The main drawbacks are the cost of use and durability.I bought two recharging kits to save on batteries . You must do this as regular batteries wo n't last long . Then there is the expense of the games , usually $ 25 for one game . Having said that , I still thought it was worth it for the entertainment and learning it provides my kids ... until today . My daughter 's leapster inexplicably stopped working today . I had registered both leapsters , but when I went to check the warranty , I found out they only had 3 month warranties . It seems they only make these things to last for three months , which is not acceptable.I am very disappointed in this leapster . Protect yourself , and your child , and purchase learning games with a better warranty . For the amount of investment we are putting into these things , we deserve something that will last a year or more .
 The pink leapster is great ; however , when you put this item in your shopping cart -LRB- no matter what retailer you use -RRB- , you get the recommendation to also buy the leapster recharging system and small blue leapster carrying case . I did so and got burned since neither of those fit . Even leapfrog.com recommends those items for the pink leapster . Problem
 My daughter received the Pink Leapster as a christmas gift -LRB- in March by the time we got together with our friends -RRB- and less than three months later , it is a piece of useless junk . It wo n't even turn on.I called customer service and after waiting on hold for over 30 minutes , listening to their instructions on what to do if the leapster will not turn on -LRB- clearly this is a widespread problem -RRB- , they told me that they will not do anything about it even though it is less than 6 months old and has only been played with a handful of times . They do n't even have a `` fix '' for it . So if you have a problem outside of the 90 days , you are out of luck from Leap Frog , they wo n't support it or replace it.I will NOT buy another product from this company , simply because they do not stand behind their products or provide good customer service . I will also advise others to go elsewhere.One thing is clear , the Leapster is , in fact , a learning tool , my daughter has learned the meaning of `` buyer beware '' but also that `` there are other toys in the toy aisle '' . Unfortunately , the lessons of real life and big business are a bit complex for a 4 year old !
 It 's no wonder LEAPSTERS are only under warranty for 3 months . They are crap . My daughter got it for Christmas and barely used it and 6 months later it 's a paper weight . Went online and found several sites dedicated to grieving parents whose Leapsters also died after a couple months . DO NOT BUY A LEAPSTER !!!!! THEY ARE CRAP !!!!!
 The company suggests using alkaline batteries -LRB- not longer lasting lithium -RRB- . The downside to that is that this device will run for a couple days -LRB- so mere hours of play time -RRB- on alkaline batteries and then die . We 've had ours for about 18-20 mos. , and it does n't work at all with batteries despite trying to `` clean '' the battery area . Lest you think we treat the thing poorly , that could n't be further from the truth . My daughter is not snacking and drinking while using the Leapster . She 's not dropping it on concrete floors . When she 's done , it promptly goes back into a zipped up backback , along with the games , so it 's kept dust free . The Leapster is in pristine condition . But does it work ? Only with the AC Adapter , which means we ca n't take it anywhere with us . Leap Frog has managed to hood wink me into purchasing a Leapster and an L-Max , BOTH of which have the same problem -LRB- both of our devices LOOK in great condition and were taken excellent care of - way beyond what any company would expect from a consumer , so the problem is n't with us , but with the low longevity of the Leapster product . -RRB- The company does not stand behind this product and probably knows it 's flaws -LRB- thus the 90 day warranty -RRB- . If I could do it all over again , I 'd buy a Nintendo DS or something that might actually turn on and stand up to some play time . Ugh . I 'll never buy Leap Frog products again .
 The Leapster System was the one gift my five year old was really looking forward to this Christmas . She was thrilled Christmas day when she opened it and saw what it was , only to be crushed when it would n't work straight out of the box . The unit would not power up , it was completely dead . Hopefully this is just an anomaly as most of the other reviews here have been positive.Amazon was quick to try and remedy the situation but currently do not have any more in stock so now I have to try and find it locally .
 We bought the new LeapPad for our daughter for Chritmas 2011 . I normally do n't write reviews , but everyone needs to know that leappfrog 's customer service is HORRIBLE !!! Two weeks ago , the screen froze up and our LeapPad is stuck on the `` connect to computer '' mode . We ca n't use it . Customer service required me to send them some files from my computer and they take at least 3 days to respond to each email . Three days later , they told me -LRB- in horrible English -RRB- that their program did n't capture the correct information . Then , I had to send them a system file and some log files -LRB- not super easy -RRB- and now it has been over three days and I have not heard from them . This whole process started over two weeks ago . Great product , horrible customer service . Mark
 I bought this easel for my toddler because of Crayola 's good reputation and attractiveness of this easel , but I was disappointed.PROS
 I have several easels . I host toddler art days at my house once a week . The clips on this easel are n't strong enough to actually HOLD paper :--LRB- Also , the chalk board on the one I have does n't really work . The chalk just slips across without drawing . It 's kinda a slick -LRB- but textured -RRB- plastic surface not regular chalk board material . I DO NOT recommend this easel .
 I think this is grossly over-priced ! I bought this item at ToysRUs for 45 dollars and I still think it is over-priced . The black-board is `` plastic '' hence does n't draw well at all ... Maybe the white-board is 90 % use of this product.For my 2 year old , I do n't want to give her markers yet , which is why I was hoping to make heavy use of the black-board part of this item for another yr ... I am returning it.Might end up going for a true wooden black-board instead .
 This is being sold by Toys R Us for less than $ 40 . Why so much through Amazon ?
 We 've had this easel for a year . In terms of construction , it 's held up nicely . The trays generally stay in place once snapped in . However one has become loose and wo n't stay put no matter how many times we `` snap '' it in . I did n't prime the chalkboard , had no idea about that , guess I should have read the instructions . So I can only speak for a year old unprimed chalk board and it 's horrible , does n't erase , just useless -LRB- perhaps that 's neither here nor there -RRB- . The dry erase board no longer comes clean -LRB- is there a priming ritual for it too ? -RRB- despite minimal usage because my son is only now three and has been given markers on limited occasions . The size of the magnets is indeed a joke . They are much too small , and therefore dangerous , for a child the appropriate age for this easel . Considering there are mutiplication and division symbols , they should come with an easel made for a much older child . Given the fixed height of the trays and easel itself , I ca n't see a child over 4-5 enjoying this . It does slide easily on solid floors and low carpet , no grippers to keep it in place -LRB- I bought some -RRB- . The paper clip on top is ok if the child is a `` gentle '' painter/drawer , ie not my son . Many a painting has slipped and been sufficiently crooked halfway through his artistic vision . It also bothers me that it does n't clip on either side of the paper . My son likes to paint up in corners as well , and this design makes that a little difficult if the paper is n't naturally laying really flat -LRB- hindsight is 20/20 -RRB- . After a year of this , -LRB- he got it for Christmas 2010 -RRB- , its time to upgrade to an easel with a better paper holding mechanism , larger more dependable trays , and hopefully a better dry erase board.Plus sides , the magnet side is great , he uses his leapfrog magnets on this constantly . Its big and a little clunky , but probably best for really little ones with its rounded corners and light weight . Ask my son , and painting and drawing on this thing is fantastic .
 We would love this item but still have not received . Second order . We are puzzled as to why . Please check for us
 Sure , it 's a durible game , and the concept is ok , but there are only about 2 really good dinosaurs to be in the whole game ! And since you only use one die , it takes about an hour to go around the board . An hour for a kids game ! Let 's try 15 minutes next time , LCG !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My son 's are 9 and 12 yrs old . This game could n't hold their attention , nor mine . It 's incredibly boring , slow and unimaginitive . Small pieces got lost and mangled . When we moved , I threw this game in the trash ! Please do n't buy this item . There are so many other choices for family fun time .
 I bought these to pratice hitting in the back yard with my 6 year old . I pitch him the balls . Previously , I had a few ` rawlings ' foam balls that I used with him , which were great . They were the same size as a regular baseball and they had enough weight to that made them easy to throw . These Diamond balls are smaller than a baseball . They are also too light . I find it harder to throw them accurately . I 'll be on the search for those old rawlings balls or something with a little more size and heft .
 This is exactly the same Easy Bake Oven I had as a kid and as then , it 's still a joke . It still heats with a 60 watt light bulb . My daughters were so disappointed with this toy . They expected to make cakes and brownies just like the pictures showed . Instead , they got a tiny bit of nasty tasting batter that baked up into a hard , unpalatable disc ! The `` frosting mix '' was even worse . I 'm sorry I gave Easy Bake another shot . Do n't waste your money !
 I purchased this product because of the sinister presence and overall menacingly wonderful style of the animal . Yet ... -LRB- sighs -RRB- either the designer was drunk or it was never pieced together prior to boxing them up and shipping them out because they DO NOT FIT TOGETHER STRAIGHT OUT OF THE BOX OR WITH ANY KIND OF SIMPLE ALTERATION . Included is one little piece of sand paper which is a slap in the face because the makers are laughing while they imagine the user picking it up and attempting to tackle the MAJOR work ahead with just a little piece like that . There 's also a wooden pick axe/hammer which can only be a novelty item because even with a real hammer you ca n't pound the pieces together . I had to use a belt sander and some of the joining gaps got too big and were not a secure fit . 62 pieces means over 100 connections to make bigger , what fun . After the frustration I did put it together but since some of the connections were now too big it would n't stand properly and kept falling over . I then had to use some cardboard spacers and wood glue with lousy results . My advice to any prospective buyer is purchase this product if you want to spend $ 80 on funny-shaped firewood .
 I bought the small version for my nephew , and spent a whole afternoon filing away at the notches in each piece -LRB- which were way too tight -RRB- so that they could fit together as they should . I had to buy a metal file to do so because the sandpaper included in the set was n't heavy-duty enough , and even with the metal file , I had to spend so much time making each notch larger that we could only assemble a third of the dinosaur during a two hour session .
 I 've been planning to buy some `` laser tag '' equipment for a while now , and the low price of the Team Force 2000 set got my attention . Upon receiving the equipment , however , I got together with a friend who had some sets from Toymax 's Laser Challenge Radar Extreme -LRB- RE -RRB- line , and the Team Force set suffers badly in comparison .1 . First of all , despite the name `` Team Force 2000 '' -LRB- TF2K -RRB- , this set lacks the ability to set up as Team A and B , a feature the Radar Extreme -LRB- RE -RRB- and Gotcha Extreme -LRB- GE -RRB- sets both have . This is probably the biggest disappointment of TF2K . Worse , it 's way too easy for the display light on the top of the blaster or a bounce of your IR beam to trigger your own sensor , scoring a `` false hit '' on yourself . Fortunately , the RE and GE sets , when turned on in `` common '' mode -LRB- i.e. , not team A or B -RRB- , do interact with TF2K .2 . The RE and GE blasters allow 26 shots before reloading . These TF2K blasters are only `` six-shooters . `` 3 . Range is only 150 feet , compared to 350 ft. on the RE and GE sets .4 . The sound effects are different than those on the RE and GE sets -- only a problem if you 're using mixed equipment.I guess I should n't sound too down on this equipment -- if you just want to get a pair of guns and sensors for you or your kids , this is n't a bad way to go . These are sturdy pieces . But for only -LSB- a few dollars -RSB- more , you can get the compatible Laser Challenge Radar Extreme or Laser Challenge Gotcha Extreme set , also from Toymax , which have better features .
 We got two sets , and with much excitement entered into the back yard for some shoot-em-up ... after about an hour or so , we realized that at the current hit rate , we would be playing for something like 2 days before anyone was eliminated . Maybe it was the sun , maybe we 're just really , really bad shots , but whatever the reason , we lost interest . They seem fairly well made though , hence the high durability score , but we did only play with them once . I expect they will make someone very happy during our next yard sale .
 It broke on me the first day . It was no fun at all . do n't buy this toy . It sucked !!!!!!!
 Ok they say it shots 350feet maybe but not acuarit the V2 stuff was so much better why did they but this well crap out the v2 was the best one out i give this toy 0 compared to the V2 stuff !!!
 why play laser tag if your gun shoots yourself . I got the set for christmas and it never worked . every other time it shot your self
 I think this toy -LRB- is bad -RRB- because you only get two gunes and two targets . I think that you need to add more guns and targets for that price . Or you could lower the price because this so called deal is not a deal at all . If someone reads this trust me these items break so easly.ps -RSB- Yes your son will like it but when it breaks he will complain like crazy . so I say you take my advice.You advisiorStephane smith
 We bought this thinking we 'd have lots of fun but we were wrong . Not that it 's bad but we have like 3 friends , they do n't own any laser tag stuff , so it was just me and my brother-in other words-NO FUN . I highly recommend this toy if you have like , 20 friends and they all own or are gon na buy a laser tag set . Otherwise , do n't bother buying it , you 'll only waste money . Also the team setup is a little awkward-something else to keep in mind .
 The game of laser tag is the best combat simulation game on earth . It is only fun , however , if you have a large group of friends with you . The `` old-school '' vests are the best that you can get . The v-2 have the best weapons except for the exd which is favored by many of the leaders .
 This toy is inferior to the earlier Laser Challenge V2 series . The `` radar '' feature is seriously flawed , making the guns unreliable and causing the sensor units to react erratically . Do n't buy this set -- but rather find the Laser Challenge V2 set which has 350 ft. range , Max blast and blast shield , tough/reliable guns and far superior front and back sensors .
 I bought this for my son since I am not a big fan of Playdough -LRB- it sticks to everything -RRB- . Granted the playfoam does n't stick to other surfaces like playdough , it is n't as pliable either . It does n't sculpt as easily as they say it does . I will not purchase again .
 I purchased this for my toddler son as an alternative to Play-Doh -LRB- which he loves -RRB- . He saw the figures on the box and got super excited - too bad that making those figures was almost impossible to do . Even his much more artistic father could n't get things to work . The issues seems to be in the composition of the material - it does n't stay in place well and to really get shapes going you need to work with a large amount of it . Additionally , if you start to mix the colors to make features on a shape -LRB- like say the mouth or eyes of the whale -RRB- , it 's tough to take it apart afterwards . It 's possible but it takes too much patience in my opinion.In the end , my son and husband just combined all the colors into one huge mixed color - which actually looked interesting and worked better since there was more material to work with . My husband did get a pseudo dinosaur going - but if you touched it wrong , it would fall apart easily much to the dismay of my son . It was also really difficult to create things that were upright - the weight would fall over very easily.Although my son did enjoy smooshing it with his hands and feeling the texture for awhile , I would n't order it again . There are some pros - it is fairly clean and does n't make a mess as advertised.This is a good concept , but it just does n't really work for what it suggested .
 Honestly , I HATE this product . It does not mold well , does not hold together and after opening two colors , they were all over my house , - the little foamy balls just fell apart and my toddler managed to spread them everywhere . Of course he did show some interest to the foamy substances as to anything new , but he could not do anything with the foam , and neither could I. Then , you need to compress them into some shape to store because obviously , they do n't fit the original box they came in . I am sending mine to a trash bin !
 We bought this 2-3 months ago and it was the biggest mistake we ever made . It made a big mess all around the house and it was very difficult to completely clean up all the little balls even for an adult , let alone for my 4 years old daughter . Today my baby started picking up the little balls and ate some . Enough is enough . I have thrown away the whole thing and advised my wife never to buy such garbage ever again !
 I bought this for my son for Christmas because it was a great price and seemed like something he would really enjoy since he 's into playdough . I could n't have been more wrong . The packaging makes it look like you can mold all these amazing shapes with it . I guess if you spent hours upon hours you could make that happen ... but a 4 year old wo n't stick around long enough for that -LRB- and neither would I -RRB- . He 's only played with the foam ONE time and has lost interest in it completely . It basically just ended up being a waste of money . I should have just bought more playdough .
 The product does everything it says = it retains its stickiness without sticking to things you do n't want it to -LRB- your clothes , your floor , your furniture -RRB- but it 's sort of like Post-It notes in that it sticks just BARELY . My son -LRB- 4.5 yr old -RRB- and I have tried to make many shapes including just a simple roll and PlayFoam wo n't hold its shape . It falls , deflates , and pulls apart to easily . So , the only thing you really CAN do with it is squish and smash it . My son played with it a couple times before moving on to Moon Sand -LRB- much to my chagrin because Moon Sand is REALLY messy but he loves it way better than PlayFoam probably for that very reason -RRB- !
 I let my toddlers play with it in their high chairs . Neither of my twins enjoyed it much . And now both trays have sticky residue . Play-Doh is much better .
 I loved the idea of this and bought several packages , including the ones that sparkle . My daughter and I had fun with it at first , however the stuff does NOT hold together . The colors are difficult to keep separate -- make that impossible after about a week . Worst is that it picks up every fuzz , hair and whatnot around . Disgusting -- had to toss it . Almost better as a lint brush if it held together . I still have one package unopened I was going to give as a gift , but not now . I dont know what it is useful for except wasted money ... : -LRB-
 Great price for this chalk cone but it arrived with numerous chunks that fell off the top and bottom when we unpackaged it . Clearly does n't ship well but will still work as needed . Disappointing how much chalk fell off the cone when we unwrapped it .
 The little handheld game did not live up to the standards of the other Blaster products my children have been exposed to . My seven year old threw it down and said it did n't make any sense . My sixteen year old finally figured out how the game worked . It is not at all what we had imagined . The answers to the add and the substract problems are answered in increments
 Takes some getting used too , it obstructs your pedalling somewhat but at least the pain caused by the other seats stop . By the third ride you wo n't notice it once you get it adjusted properly .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! The darts included with the Halex 64750 Tournament Bristle Dartboard contain Cancer-Causing Lead ! There is a warning on a tiny slip of paper inside the package that says the darts do indeed contain Lead and also says that California has concluded that Lead can cause cancer and birth defects and other reproductive issues . `` The box that the dart board and darts came inside does not have any warning on it at all . The only notice is the tiny slip of paper that we almost overlooked.AMAZON , will you please stop selling products that can harm children , cause cancer and cause birth defects ? Thank you .
 The surface is rough and hard . The dart could hardly be sticked into the board . It is really dangerous when the dart rebounds from the wall .
 The darts were not included . That being said i feel the lowest rating is only adequate . The label on the package said the board shipped from a return center ...
 The dart board is fine , but it was supposed to come with two sets of darts . It did not . Order a less expensive board and buy your darts separately .
 bought this dart board about a week ago , and its pretty much what i expected for the price . first , the darts that come with it are pretty low quality . i broke 4 of the 6 plastic shafts the first night i played with them . after about a week of heavy use on the board -LRB- 3-4 hours a night -RRB- the spider -LRB- metal wiring -RRB- is very heavily bent making the board pretty much unplayable . seems like it would be okay for lighter use , but if you are buying it for more then just light use , you might want to invest in a higher quality board to get your moneys worth .
 I should have read the reviews before buying !!! Where do I start?The good - it looks like a real dartboard.The bad - The darts are such low quality that I guarentee that you will want to replace them immediately . One of the six darts broke within minutes of playing . The dartboard itself looks and feels like a decent board however I have had it for just over two months now and the wire rim is coming out of the board . This started to happen within a couple of weeks but I could just push it back in with staples that attach to the board . However the wire is now bent and wo n't push back in so the dartboard is useless , can not be used and is beyond repair . I shall be buying a better board.If you just want a cheap dartboard that you will keep in the basement and use infrequently - do n't waste your money on this one . It 's not even that good .
 Not only is this an extremely low quality board , but I ca n't get a refund or contact the seller!First of all , the darts broke apart easily within minutes of use . The tail things have to be put on after every single throwNext , the board appears to be cracked all over.And the darts LEAVE THE HOLES IN . THERE IS NO ` HEALING ' OF THE WOOD.THE BACK OF THE BOARD CONSISTS OF ONLY A SINGLE HOLE IN THE MIDDLE.THE NUMBERS ROTATE AROUND , BUT THE METAL COMES LOOSE EASILY BECAUSE OF THE LOOSE SCREWSALL IN ALL , I GIVE THIS A 0.5 OUT OF 5 . TERRIBLE QUALITYDO NOT BUYAMAZON WO N'T GIVE ME A REFUND - . -
 The metal sticks out to much . I bought two boards and within 3 or 4 times playing the metal starting coming out
 My daughter bit one of the red beads off the ears when she was only about six months old . It cracked in half . She did n't actually cut her first tooth until well into her ninth month . I still ca n't figure out how to contact Selecta to let them know.The wood is lovely and soft , but those little ear pieces and the wood beads in the middle are probably not the best design choices .
 This boat is cheap , cheap , cheap and I 'm not talking about the price . If this boat goes 10ft a second then I 'm the next President . I bought this as an xmas present and was n't the only person disappointed with the un-wrapping of this item . The boat is slow and is just a poor product . The boat is controlled by the very cheap controller . The boat turns by using one motor or the other depending on which direction you want to turn . Yes , no rudder control . Stay away
 We had the same experience as the other two reviewers . Due to inadequate shipping box we received the item cracked in multiple areas . We decided to just receive a refund instead of dealing with the same shipping problems again . It looked like a nice dart board and I hope Amazon -LRB- or the third party seller -RRB- will change the shipping procedure soon .
 I thought maybe the other reviewer just had a bad experience with the shipping of this item , however my order also arrived broken . The box it is shipped in is NOT meant for shipping . Save yourself the hassle and order a different dart cabinet .
 I ordered this set and it arrived damaged . They do not ship it in another box , they use the thin box it was packaged in as if you bought it at a store . The replacment came the same way even after discussing with Customer Service . It might be a great tiem but until they fix their shipment for it I would not waste my time !
 Wish I had read the reviews before ordering . Ours was in pieces on arrival as well . It was a very disappointing Christmas to say the least .
 this product arrived with both doors seperated from body of cabinet . the weight of the doors as compared to the size of the hinges and screws clearly indicates poor design . so i do not think this is a `` damaged in shipping '' issue -LRB- althogh the box was a mess also -RRB- . instead of going thru the hassle of returning the item -LRB- i would have needed to rebox and pack -RRB- , it was easier for me to rebuild the door/body attachments with glue , bigger hinges and longer screws .
 Average toy , overly priced . I ordered this item for a birthday gift . Frankly I was embarrassed to give it . It was SO meager , not at all what I had expected from the ad . I wasted my money
 I have to admit that this set was purchased for my 7 year old grandson who loves to set up and knock down dominoes . The material that the dominoes are made of is good but they are really too thin to use them for what I intended . They are too thin for that and keep falling down . Not knowing anything about dominoes , I did n't check the width of the tiles prior to purchase . If you will use these for the intended purpose , they are fine , but for my little guy , it was a lot of money for nothing .
 Despite `` bobble head '' being on the box , this is rather a bobble body . I know it 's not a big difference , but I wanted it to be a bobble HEAD .
 This is n't a magic trick by itself , but it really makes a lot of other tricks look more professional . The soft surface makes some moves a lot easier , too.This closeup pad is like a giant mouse pad . It has rubber backing with a soft cloth top that does n't snag . It seems pretty durable and I 'm looking forward to many years working with it . 12x17 did n't sound very big , but it is ! I did a few tricks on it like coin matrix and cups and balls and found it nice and spacious . Cards fan like a dream on it ! I even dropped a half dollar from a foot above it and it deadened the sound nicely . This is a keeper!Update - 2012 From five stars to two ... Ok , it 's not so much of a keeper . After a year of rolling and unrolling it for storage and transport , the soft facing came completely off the rubber backing . I 've switched to a couple pieces of felt spray-glued together , and it has been just as good and far more durable . This magic pad worked fine for awhile , then just fell apart .
 When I got this product I thought it was great ! It is a very soft mat and the perfect size . It lasted literally 45 seconds !!! I turned it over to inspect the bottom of the pad , when I flipped it back to the performance surface face up I noticed that there was a fray at the end of the mat . I touched the fray and the entire op surface peeled away . The glue that they use to hold down the felt on top is HORRIBLE . Do n't waste your money on this !!!
 For the price , I was not impressed . I do n't think the toy was made with a `` real '' little boy in mind . Everything was too light weight , and I do n't think it 's going to last.Also , it boasted of batteries being included ... a lot of good that did , since they were dead when the item arrived .
 This power supply did not work with intended battery . Even testing with a multimeter the power supply did not provide the amps as described in its own label . Recommendation is to stick with a car battery charger .
 My 8 month old daughter received this toy from my friend for Christmas . It 's overall educational learning experience is okay . I like how you press the foot/hand/tummy / ear and it will say what you are pressing . However , what makes this toy so annoying & frustrating for both baby & me is the fact that the of/off button is on one of the feet and it 's sooooooo extremely sensitive that if you barely touch it , it will switch modes or turn off ! This is why I give this toy 2 stars . If they had the on/off button in the back , where it should be , it would be an excellent toy . The songs are great and the voice is cheerful and friendly . I really want to love this toy but the fact that they made the on/off switch in such a ridiculous spot makes me want to flush it down the toilet !
 Okay . My son has had this for over a year now . He goes through periods where he does n't look at it for months , then wants to take it everywhere . But , it is a super annoying toy and I would be just as happy to `` lose '' it in the next toy rotation.One - the sensor is super duper sensitive . A strong breeze can turn the darn thing on.Two - I do n't like how once a kid has put it down , it keeps chiming up trying to lure the kid back to the toyThree - This puppy is super needy . It is always asking for hugs and wanting to know if you love it . It seems like it is gearing them up for having an insecure girlfriend/boyfriend later in life.Four - as for being educational , you ca n't understand what it is saying half the time , and the songs are hard to play along to . No more educational than using a regular doll to teach hands , feet , ears , etc. . . As you can tell , I 'm not a big fan of this toy . Spend your money on something quieter .
 The songs cut off half way through and its way to sensitive . Overall very annoying and not very educational when it does n't even go all the way through the alphabet ?!
 Cute ? Yes . Lovable ? Sure . Annoying in the middle of the night ?! YES!We finally had to take the batteries out of this thing because it would start singing on it 's own at 3am and would n't stop until someone would go push the off button .
 We gave this puppy the name `` annoying puppy '' , we received it as a gift and the giver decided she hated it before she gave it to our daughter . Bringing it home from the store she hit some bumps in the road and it made it start up . Very sensitive , does n't finish one song before starting another . Would NEVER purchase one , looked like a good idea that went wrong .
 OK - this toy is cute and my daughter seems to like it - but , it has a hair trigger on some features and it is impossible to get it to work on others . When it does work , my daughter loves it , squealing and dancing along to the songs . But , often it changes in the middle of a song - one of the feet usually triggering a change and she looks at me like `` What happened ? '' Of course , she forgets and goes along with it but it drives me and my husband crazy . The hands are impossible for an adult , much less an infant . This toy would be great with some major improvements .
 Loved this until I found out the blue ears were toxic and my daughter loves to constantly chew on them ... it is now put away until she stops putting everything into her mouth ... if then
 My husband and I bought this puppy for our almost-6-month-old son . We thought it was really cute ... it had a cute voice that sounded like a little kid talking ... until it started singing . Apparently the girl that they got to sing as the puppy 's voice wanted to be a Broadway singer but it just did n't work out . It 's nice to put some feeling into your songs but after hearing the ABC song TWICE we were ready to throw the puppy out the window . Head , Shoulders , Knees and Toes is even worse . It just grates on you . It sounds more like a bad Broadway revue than a cute plush toy . I predict that our puppy will tragically lose its voice by Christmas.Another thing that bothers me is that they changed `` This little piggy '' to `` this little puppy . `` The baby seems to like it , though , and that 's what really matters here .
 I am very disappointed in this toy . The abc song stops at `` q '' and the `` this little piggy '' and `` itsy bitsy spider '' songs sing one line and then it 's over . It is a very cute little dog but I do n't want my grandson only learning part of the alphabet . I will be returning this puppy . I gave it 2 stars because it does not educate very well , but as far as cuteness goes it gets 5 stars .
 This is a $ 20 toy easily available at that price at other online retailers and in store . This seller is charging 6x the regular price .
 My DS never was drawn to this toy . I tried showing him , ignorning it to let him pick it up , putting it away for months , then bringing it back out . Nothing . And it goes off on its own sometimes , not ideal when your child is sleeping or you are sleeping so I had to keep it away from all sleep areas . I am ` sure ' I would turn it off then it would go on by itself again . Then there is that gosh darn ` yellow foot ' . Way too sensitive compared to other parts and other parts like the ear , way to non-sensitive for a younger child .
 I bought this toy for my 1-year-old nephew for Christmas . I believe it to be a great learning toy but it 's entirely too sensitive . Before Christmas , I had it stored in my closet and it would go off at random times , sometimes in the middle of the night ! Once he opened it , it would randomly say things as well and just slightly moving it caused it to start saying several things at once . If he touches the ear and then the tummy , it does n't finish saying one thing before it starts another . I think that is very confusing .
 Fisher Price has always been very cryptic about revealing compounds in their toys ... perhaps it 's because they contain toxic compounds . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- to see independent testing of this item . It is rated as dangerous due to levels of bromine , mercury , antimony . I have called FP on several occasions to find out if their toys contain BPA , phthalates or fire retardants and they have never given me a straight forward answer ... just that all their toys comply with US regulation . Unfortunately , US does not regulate toxic compounds like Europe and Japan . Plus , all their toys seem to be made in China where quality control and chemical testing is terrible ... hence all the recalls related to lead .
 Of all of the tons of toys my children have - this toy is always relegated to a corner . Neither of my kids play with it . It was given to my daughter when she was 10 months and is now 2.5 years and she has really never shown interest in it - except at 3 am when it randomly goes off declaring `` i love you '' in the most annoying voice . At that point , her interest is really closer to the `` Mommy what is this horrid thing waking me up in the middle of the night ? '' than affection for the toy.I recently reinstalled the batteries and dragged out the possessed puppy for my 9 month old son who does little with it beyond tossing it and crawling away from it in the opposite direction.As to the toy 's durability and functioning
 We have this Learning Puppy and the Hug & Learn Baby Tad and I have to say the design of Tad is much better than the Puppy . The buttons on the Puppy are so sensitive that the slightest touch changes the song or the learning mode . The Tad needs a little bit of force -LRB- but not so much force that a 4 month old ca n't push the buttons -RRB- and so a song will normally complete itself and the modes do n't change as easily . I 'm glad that I got the Puppy as a buy one get one free sale and did n't pay full price for it . My son , who is now 6 months old , sees Tad as his friend . Do not recommend the Puppy .
 I wish our Learning Puppy worked as well as all the other reviewers ' ! Perhaps ours has a flaw , but it seems like a complete waste of money . It switches modes with the lightest touch , and our toddler is n't prone to light touches . Every time he grabs the Puppy , it changes , even right in the middle of a song . It does n't seem to matter if he grabs the foot with the mode switch or not . Instead of being a learning toy , it spews a garbled mix of information . The only way to get it to complete a song is to have it up where my son ca n't reach it ... and that 's not any fun!I plan to call Fisher Price to see if we can get ours replaced .
 My kids think this toy is ok but it drives me crazy ! The sounds and songs are cute but the buttons are SO sensitive that we can never get through one before starting another . If we really want to hear anything out of this dog I need to hold it still while it plays . When my daughter trys to play a song it will switch to something else a couple beats in.This pup is so sensitive that I almost ran off the road while in the car alone and a bump made it start singing . The chuckle I got after figuring out what the unexpected noise was could have been the most fun we 've ever had with this toy .
 The yellow foot sensor is so sensitive that it goes off all the time , so we just named him Yellow Foot.On the song setting , it would be nice to have a delay feature of some kind that lets the song finish even if another sensor is pushed . I can appreciate that , because of the target age , the sensors need to be easy to push , but I think they are a bit over sensitive in general . My daughter greatly enjoys the songs , which I do n't find annoying personally , but we rarely get to hear them unless I hold her back from touching the toy until the end of the song!I can see this being a very educational toy . It is fun , really , but it 's definitely not a hands-on toy because of the over sensitive panels ... especially the yellow foot.And I did n't even know there was an off feature ! We always turn off the battery pack .
 I bought this toy for my 6 month old son after seeing it on many `` bestselling toys '' lists and based on the rave reviews on Amazon . Unfortunately , this is one of the worst toy purchases I 've made . The Laugh and Learn puppy is supposed to have two modes , one for leaning and one for fun songs . The puppy 's left foot is meant to act as a switch between the two modes , but it does n't stay in either mode regardless of whether you touch the left foot or not . The puppy has many cute songs , but I have never heard it complete a song , as it randomly says things like `` let 's learn and play games '' or `` yellow foot '' or `` that tickles '' in the middle of a song ! The puppy is supposed to say these things in learning mode when it is touched , but even when it is just sitting on the floor with no one nearby , it changes from song mode to a random blurb about body parts and colors . This toy definitely does n't help my little one learn anything .
 I got this for my 10 month old son , he loves music , well its cute and cuddly but the music part of it isnt great at all ! the songs dont finish , at first i thought he was pressing something on the puppy to cut the song off so abruptly so i sat down with him and pressed one part of the body and the song came on but ddint finish -LRB- like i said ended pretty abruptly -RRB- so i tried another and they all do that ! not a very good musical toy
 We gave this toy to our youngest niece a few years ago and it has received the nickname `` Demon Dog '' throughout our family . Sure it 's great for learning purposes , however ; you 'll be sleeping at night and all of a sudden be woken up by the dog saying , `` Play with me ! '' from the living room . It makes me think of Chucky . I have to say if anyone gives my baby this toy we would promptly donate it to the Goodwill .
 All of the songs this Puppy `` sings '' are incomplete ! The Alphabet Song only goes up to P!I do n't know about you , but I want my baby to know all the letters of the alphabet .
 This is the most annoying toy I have ever had to put up with . The tinny , whiny music and words must make babies want to throw up ! They do n't even finish the poem or song before they cut it off , so a whole generation wo n't know that there are endings to their songs . Do n't buy it !
 I purchased one of these for my nephew at Christmas , only to be embarrased when it did not work . I returned it to Toy 's are US . I had to buy one to replace it from an Amazon store , it also did not work . Apparently they have a factory defect Fisher Price is not telling us about . BEWARE
 I returned the toy . The dog bone collar which can lights up to the music on the toy I received is missing ! I checked the picture on the outside package , there is none . But on the website description and the web picture , it shows the dog bone collar . The toy I received must be a OLD version !!!! I am not satisfied to be given an out-dated version.In addition , the toy had already made songs inside the crate before I opened it . It had been singing along during the shipment . When I opened the box , the battery strip to prevent the battery to be used up had been already removed.The puppy dogs songs can only sing to one sentence then switch to other songs . I felt something wrong with this unit .
 This is one of the worst toys we were given four years ago . Why I still have it is a great mystery , because I have hated it from day one . My son never played with it , and my daughter hits the nose from time to time , or bumps into the thing , which causes a noisy symphony of unrelated half-songs to chirp from it -- and maybe a shrill bark . This toy limits pretend play . My children ca n't carry it around because it will continually blurt out the alphabet song , or `` ear '' or `` foot '' or some other obnoxious noise as long as it is being touched . The dog ca n't be turned off and then used as a normal plush toy because the battery pack inside it makes the belly of this thing hard , and makes the dog heavy as well -LRB- for a one year old -RRB- . However , I think if I HAD turned it off from day one my kids might have actually enjoyed it -LRB- maybe -RRB- , because it would not have been squawking at them every time they got near it . And the squawking is n't even pleasant . You get tired of it really fast . You know those pre-school music CDs you can buy ... you put them in your car 's sound system and immediately regret that decision . The songs on those CDs , just like the ones in this dog , are annoying , loud , and badly written -LRB- Luckily `` They Might Be Giants '' has put out some actually decent and musically talented kids CDs , thank God -RRB- . So this dog has always been on the side lines of the play room , because it is not useful unless the child wants an annoying radio that only completes bits and parts of its songs , because the buttons on the thing are too sensitive.Save yourself the cash and get a nice quiet quality teddy bear or rag doll . The kids will play with that alot more . You do n't need a talking dog to teach your child what a `` foot '' or an `` ear '' is called .
 In 3 years of having this puppy it has never been played with . I have tried to get them to play with it , but no.Waste of money !!!
 My son has never once played with this toy . He got it when he was 6 months old and now he is 14 months old and he has never shown any interest in it . Fortunately it was a gift from a family member so we did n't waste our money .
 The concept is great but there 's room for improvement . The most annoying thing is when you touch his hand or feet ever so lightly , a different song or message starts or worse , it turns off . So the puppy could be singing a song and you 're having the puppy dance around , and oops , puppy 's foot touches the floor by accident and puppy says `` bye bye '' . He 's done with that song !
 My husband and I bought this toy for our 21 month old daughter . She adored it . After 1 week the ear quit functioning so we returned it and got another one . That one lasted longer , but not much after a month the ear , purple hand , and yellow foot stopped working . . My husband performed surgery on the puppy and found that the wires came unsoddered -LRB- excuse my spelling -RRB- from the reciever this lead to the malfunction . . It is a great toy , my daughter absolutely loved it , but unless it is fixed and the quality of workmanship is increased , I would not reccomend this toy to anyone . Too bad really !
 My daughter was given this toy as a gift . To put it mildly , we do not like it . At all . It has this peppy , high-pitched female voice that just makes any normal adult grit their teeth . It 's just so sweet and insipid . Even worse is the sensitivity of this thing . If the cat farts near it , it starts singing or proclaiming , `` I love you . '' It 's also deceptively difficult to turn off . The bottom of one foot is a 3-way switch for power or to switch between singing and learning modes . The switch sucks . It 's impossible to know if you 've turned it off correctly . Like the other 1 Star Reviewers , I have had infuriating and terrifying experiences with this thing coming alive at night and beginning to speak without warning.In my parental experience thus far , Fisher Price normally has solid products . This is an exception . If there is a toy hell , this puppy belongs there .
 I DID pull the demo tag out ... but this toy does n't finish any of the songs , etc. because it is WAY TOO SENSITIVE . The slightest movement sets it off and switches modes ... which makes it pretty much useless . Definitely not worth $ 20 for a stuffed animal . I wish I had the receipt and could return it ! Maybe Fisher Price should fix the problem and send us all a replacement part . That said , it would be a GREAT toy IF it worked properly .
 When we received this as a gift , I thought it was broken because all the songs cut off in the middle -LRB- e.g. , the alphabet song stops somewhere around P -RRB- . But when I went to exchange it , I discovered that all of the Laugh & Learn Puppies on the shelf did the same thing . What 's the point of having a toy that stops halfway through the alphabet ?? It makes no sense , and it 's incredibly annoying . Try Baby Tad from Leapfrong as a better , more functional alternative .
 This dog is so annoying ! my daughter -LRB- 9 months -RRB- likes it ok , but is easily distracted away from it ; and the darn thing drives me crazy ! it wo n't stop talking , even if you press the button on the foot to off mode . if you turn it off on the batary case inside the velcro closure , it will obviously turn off though . the button in the ear wo n't work either . i just think that there are much better things out there that you could spend your money on . just my opinion .
 My daughter got this toy when she was 9 months old . She has never looked the side it was on . Its kind of boring . However , my daughter has lots of toys so this one may be overlooked . She and I would rather have the money spent on a different toy .
 after reading positive reviews on amazon , we were excited to get this dog for our 7 month old . now however , we just call ` that stupid dog ' . it 's says two things - `` it 's learning time ! '' and immidiately thereafter , `` bye bye ! '' . every time our baby touches it , it says `` bye bye '' so it is just a total waste of money . pure junk .
 I do n't know why people are so pumped about this toy when it NEVER finishes a song or rhyme or color or whatever its trying to say . It constantly interrupts itself because the buttons are ultra sensitive . My 1-year-old loves it because it makes music , but then it will suddenly stop the music simply because she is holding it ! Even I ca n't get it to play an entire song if I 'm holding it . Another reviewer said that this problem was because it was in `` demo '' mode . But I can assure you mine is not in demo mode anymore and it does this because the buttons are sensitive . The toy should be programmed to finish one entire song/color before the child can trigger another button . Either that or the buttons should be way less sensitive.Also , it is not an educational toy because the child never knows what he/she hit to get it to say `` yellow foot '' or `` green hand '' -- it just goes off if a speck of dust hits it . So it seems to be saying random things that have nothing to do with where the child is pressing.Lastly , the voice is annoying and you 'll want to punch the dog after about 2 seconds . Other than that , its a great toy .
 Good
 My baby is disinterested . If I stand the bear up his paws are super sensitive so while you are trying to teach tummy , it just turns off bc you just barely touched the foot.I 'm really frustrated with this so I am not going to type that much . What good is it , really ?
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO GET THIS FOR MY 8 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER AFTER I HAD READ ALL THE WONDERFUL REVIEWS AND ESPECIALLY BECAUSE SHE LOVES MUSIC AND SONGS LIKE `` ITSY BITSY SPIDER '' ... BUT I WAS SO UPSET WHEN I GOT IT HOME AND TOOK THE PLASTIC PIECE OUT THAT MAKES IT GO FROM DEMO MODE IN THE STORE TO REGULAR PLAY AND IT STILL ONLY PLAYS A FEW WORDS OF EACH SONG AND THEN STOPS !! MY DAUGHTER STARTS TO CLAP AND SMILE WHEN SHE HEARS THE SONGS AND THEN GETS UPSET B/C IT ENDS SO ABRUPTLY . EX
 I am not a fan of talking and singing toys in general ; but this toy is extra , super , seriously challenging to the adult brain . The sound quality is ok and the sounds and songs are trite and silly `` I love you '' `` Yellow foot '' , but the real problem is that the toy is over-sensitive . If my 16 month old -LRB- or I for that matter -RRB- start the dog a singing a tune -- then any other hair of a movement might depress another appendage of the mutt -- and then the tune will change , mid-stream . Which means that if your toddler is carrying around this toy -- the dog will be schizophrenic stopping and starting songs and sayings and the like . Most toys like this are almost `` too hard '' for a 16 month old to push to make the sounds work -- but this is exactly the opposite . Of course every time the dog starts making noise , my daughter wants to hug it or pick it up -- which just makes the dog change its mantra , over and over -- interrupting itself ... But it is very funny and over the top and if you can handle the sensory overload -- it is pretty silly . But it was a gift , and I feel really bad publishing this -- what if they see ?!
 This is a horrible toy . My two year old daughter got it as a birthday gift from her godfather , who bought it because of the fantastic reviews . It arrived broken -- one of the paw pad sensors does n't work unless you squeeze it just right , with two fingers . In the past Fisher Price has given me fantastic service , so I 'm sure they 'll take care of that problem when I get around to calling.The really terrible thing about this puppy is that when you hit a sensor , the toy stops whatever it was doing and starts a new thing . The sensors are super sensitive , and will go off if you just brush up against the toy . My daughter wants to hear the songs all the way through , and sing along , but of course she wants to be able to hold or touch the puppy at the same time . So the song stops , then it takes like five tries to cycle around to the song she wants , then she hugs the puppy and the song stops again . After about ten minutes of this she was in tears . I 've never see my little girl so distraught -- she 's not a kid who gets discouraged or cries much , but she just collapsed into my arms in tears of frustration . I felt awful for her.Other things I do n't like about it :1 . The `` this little piggy '' chant is turned into `` this little puppy , '' so now my daughter has started saying that , and I prefer the classic rhyme .2 . There 's a whole part that says `` blue ear , '' `` yellow foot , '' `` green hand , '' when you hit those body parts . But because it cuts off when you hit the sensors , it can sound like `` blue -- foot , '' when the foot is actually yellow . My daughter repeated `` blue foot , '' and I had to correct her .3 . It says `` I love you '' . I generally do n't like inanimate objects saying they love my child.If Fisher Price just made the slight change of having this puppy complete what he 's doing before starting the next activity , we 'd probably love it !
 This puppy must have ADD - he wo n't finish a song if you so happen as to sneeze ! He 's way too sensitive ! The `` off '' button on his foot is a joke ! My 10 month old received this toy yesterday and we 've already put it away . She does n't seem to like it because it seriously never shuts up , so she just crawls away to her other toys . Wish I could return it . I would n't recommend this irritating toy to anyone !!
 first of all my baby loves this , but she is almost 2 years old and knows the ABC song should last more than 2 seconds . this toy apparently has issues with the `` Demo mode '' getting stuck on . This item came with no pull tab to disable the demo mode . Other reviews have suggested sticking something into the slot and jiggleing around . I have tried everything . it is not only stuck in demo mode but even that seems to be faulty as if you even slightly move the toy it changes songs every .3 seconds . Seriously . there is a loose connection and it is completely unusable . And it was my baby favorite toy because of the glowing heart and cute puppy face , but the songs make her confused and drive me nuts . Great Idea but unfortunately crappy build . Sending it back .
 My son got this when he was 8 months old . He loves music and he loves soft toys . Winner , right ? Wrong ! While this is a great idea , the buttons are too sensitive . Just brushing one lightly triggers the sensor , so we have a toy that is constantly interrupting itself and never finishes a song . It ends up being very frustrating to both baby and mommy . I would definitely not buy this toy until the manufacturer has fixed this glitch .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was around 18 months . She was interested in it at first , but her attention soon wavered . I want to add that I have a high tolerance for annoying toys , but this is one was too annoying for me ! It would go off randomly , even after I had turned it off . She was much more interested in the Leapfrog Violet Dog doll than this one .
 its a cute pup but he/she is very sensitive to the touch if its singing one song and you barely touch it it turns off or changes my daughter likes it ok but it could use some imroving wish i woulda waited because now they have a pink poodle that stands and sings
 I purchased two of these Fisher-Price Laugh & Learn Puppy toys on October 23 , 2011 for my two grand-sons for Christmas . Neither one of these worked , even after checking the batteries . Unfortunately , per Amazon 's return policy , I can not return these for a refund -LRB- or store credit -RRB- since I ordered them more than 30 days ago . Needless to say , I was a very disappointed Grandparent on Christmas Day.Fisher-Price Laugh & Learn Learning Puppy
 I was about to purchase this toy for my toddler
 The only thing your child will learn from this toy is frustration and how to say `` Bye , Bye . '' The one/off button is located on the foot of the dog which is ultra sensitive . You barely set the dog down and you will `` Bye , bye '' and again by just the blow of the wind it will turn back on , `` It 's learning time ! '' This has to be the most annoying and useless toy I have ever bought for my son . I give it two stars because it is cute and a cute idea , it just does n't work !
 I read the reviews on this and half of the people were complaining about having the songs stop short . I saw people responding to them and saying `` You have to take it off of Demo Mode '' . I thought to myself -- I 'm smart enough to figure out how to take it off of Demo Mode . Well , guess what ? I 've read the directions , pulled the batteries out and returned them , pressed every darn button on the thing , and ca n't get the songs to go full length . It 's irritating for me and baby . If someone can send me directions capable of being followed by a paramecium , I will greatly appreciate it.Don ' t buy this toy unless you are sure you can get it out of Demo Mode ... oh , I know , YOU 'LL be able to do it . Good luck with that .
 I bought this laugh & learn puppy because it is so adorable and I thought my son would love it . I was wrong when I gave my son his new toy he wanted nothing to do with it . He crawls right past it and has not acknowledged this toy once . The toy is way to sensitive the slightest touch and the puppy is cutting in and out of songs or saying bye bye because you slightly touched the on/off button . This toy could have been alot better . Save your money , skip this toy and buy something that is actually educational .
 My son has had this toy for several months and he 's not the least bit interested in it . Maybe he 's too young for it but he never plays with it . His friend has a my pal violet and she loves it though so I do n't think that 's the case . It does a lot more than this dog . Waste of money .
 My daughter got this for Xmas and on the surface it looks great , however once you set it going you soon see how badly designed it is . The thing is FAR FAR too sensitive and constantly turns off and on , so all we really hear from it is `` it 's learning time ! '' and `` bye bye ! '' but no actual content . As an educational toy it fails badly which is a shame as it has so much potential . I ca n't wait for the battery to run out as I 'm so frustrated by it from a design point of view and hearing the constant `` bye bye '' as my daughter tries to make sense of it makes me want to throw it out of the window.I have never yet heard it finish a song , even when I take it off my baby and try to make it play a song all the way through there will be a slight draught or movement which sets it off doing something else . Really poor .
 This toy had big potential . . problem is , when my son is happily listening to a song , and he gets excited and grabs the toy , it switches to `` yellow foot '' . Even at 6 months he gets disappointed and surprised with the abrupt change . It will even go off on it 's own if you walk by it - not cool when the baby is sleeping ! Fisher price needs to make sure you can not switch to another song/feature , etc until the last one is finished playing . Of course kids are going to grab it and it should n't be sooooo sensisitve to the touch .
 *** Revised review *** I could not adjust the rating , but would now give it 4 stars . Thanks to an email from another Amazon shopper , this toy was saved from the trash heap . I had not noticed the plastic tab that had to be pulled from the back of the toy to get it out of demo mode . Once that 's removed , it works great . The quality of the sounds and songs are very pleasant and cheerful . Some of the pressure points are still difficult for my 11-month old to find and manipulate .
 I 'll admit outright that i 'm not big on battery-operated toys . I take the batteries out of almost every gift given to my 1-year-old . This toy may be one of the most annoying for the two minutes it took me to deactivate it . The voice is syrupy-sweet , downright cloying.As many other reviews have mentioned , it 's also extremely sensitive . The lightest touch makes the puppy start singing or talking . -LRB- However , for the people who like this toy except for the fact that it 'll randomly start singing in the middle of the night , there is a physical off switch under the shirt in the back . Turn it off at bedtime , and your problem is solved . -RRB- Lastly , the reason i 've taken this toy away even though it has no batteries anymore
 My daughter does like this toy pretty well -LRB- she is 16 months -RRB- but I have put it away in a closet because it is too sensitive and with even slightly brushing against it when playing with it , it will start saying something else or playing a different song so it is difficult to endure . Also , it tends to `` go off '' all by itself , which is annoying if I am trying to put her down for a nap and all of the sudden the puppy , which is across the room with nothing touching it , suddenly makes a loud noise .
 This toy is horrible . It is very sensitive to touch , annoying and creepy ! My daughter got it for her first Xmas when she was 3 months . At the time , she was pretty much immobile and enjoyed watching the light flash when I pushed it for her.Now , she carries it around and every time she bumps it , it switches to a different mode . Besides learning cause and effect by touching the buttons , I fail to see how hearing half of the ABC 's song is educational . Also , it says a lot of annoying phrases and has been know to randomly start talking when it 's not being played with.Do yourself a favor and get this : LeapFrog My Pal Scout -LRB- Frustration Free Packaging -RRB- orLeapFrog My Pal Violet ! For about the same price , you have a fully customizable toy that can be changed and altered for your child 's age and learning abilities . It properly says and spells my daughter 's name -LRB- Risah -RRB- ! The buttons are far less sensitive and the features can be changed once you get tired of hearing something for the ten thousandth time ! It also has a lullaby mode which we use every night as part of our bedtime routine .
 Got this puppy for my 24 mo. old , and have been nothing but frustrated with it . It has only one real button to push - an obvious big red plastic heart on the chest . The other `` buttons '' are ultra-sensitive pads on the hands , feet , ear , and in the tummy that say things like `` hand '' , `` foot '' , etc. . Most of them also trigger silly songs , which would n't be too bad if it could ever get all the way through a song . But the ultra-sensitive nature of the other buttons means that any bump or movement -LRB- keep in mind 2 year old here -RRB- triggers a button , often without you realizing what got pushed . When a button gets triggerd it makes the song stop and the puppy exclaim something random like `` You 're my friend ! '' `` That tickles '' `` Green Hand '' . Or you could be giving the puppy a hug , and it will be saying `` Foot '' , `` Yellow Foot '' , or you 're carrying it down the hall and it 's saying `` Let 's sing and play games '' . It 's chaotic , random , noisy , confusing . And the best part is , the whole thing wo n't work at all if it is turned off . The on/off function is one part of the 3-part pad on the left foot . Especially with that big red `` push me '' plastic heart in the middle of the chest , you think my little guy can figure out that he 's supposed to push the bottom portion of the left foot to make this thing turn back on , especially when he usually ca n't figure out that something accidentaly got pushed that turned it off ? He gets bored of it quickly every time he picks it up . Very dissapointing for a supposedly `` learning '' toy .
 Although this toy is cute in appearance , it has many drawbacks . We actually received 2 for our daughter last Christmas . One never worked properly . The one we kept is ultra sensitive as another review states . If you barely touch any part , it will switch songs or features mid-song . Even our daughter looks at us as if to ask what 's wrong with the toy . It also seems possessed as the toy goes off on its own often even when shut off . In the middle of the night it can be heard saying `` blue ear '' . This is one of those toys as a parent that you wish were never in your house . The concept is great , but find another toy that has less glitches .
 We received this as a gift for our daughter from a cousin whose little girl just loves it . It creeped me out from the moment the ups guy put the box in my arms when it started going off and saying peekaboo , I see you . Still , it seemed neat at first glance so we gave it to our daughter to play with . She Was terrified of it at first , but we left it in her room figuring it was just a sensitive moment and she would probably come to like it . A couple times after that I heard her screaming hysterically and ran into her room to find her sobbing and staring at this doll . So I took it out of her room and waited a couple months to reintroduce it . Every time she heard it sing and looked at it she welled up with tears and reached to get away , so I put it away with her stored toys in the playroom . I never read any reviews on the toy , but a few times now I have been walking by and it started saying something really creepy , and it 's come on at about 3 AM , talking and freaking both my husband and myself out to no end . So we decided no one in the house will be too upset when this toy just disappears today . Just has n't worked out for us .
 This toy might be fun , if it did n't start spontaneously singing songs in the middle of the night on its own . We have n't even ever taken the `` puppy '' out of its box , and yet , that has not stopped it from entreating our daughter to come play with it from the other room.Also , I do n't know what some of the other reviewers meant , but it seems to us that playing with a haunted demon-spawn of a toy does nothing to help prepare little children develop the skills they 'll need later in life to get a job in the current economy , or any other educational aspect in general , unless they plan on a future career as an exorcist.May be a fun toy to play with , but we 're all too scared .
 My Dad bought this for my twins , and at first I thought it was a great toy . Then I realized that it changes modes , at the slightest movement - not a good idea for the recommended age range . This toy will be handed down to my nephew within the next couple of weeks .
 I feel it is my duty as a parent to write this review.Received this puppy as a gift for our 9 month old ... should 've stuck with my instincts and thrown it out immediately . Sure , it looks and sounds cute , but noticed it bored our child after actually playing with it . The most frustrating flaw is that the puppy starts singing songs , but cuts off after only one line . Our child never took to the toy.More importantly -- and this is not for every parent -- this puppy is a cocktail of the worst chemicals . Not unexpected from our evasive and deceptive friends at Fisher Price , but it 's truly outrageous how egregiously Fisher Price has disregarded child safety in this toy . This puppy is rated `` High concern '' by Healthystuff.org , an organization which tests all components of toys for chemical composition . Of particular offense are the levels of mercury -LRB- I think all parents know that 's bad -RRB- and bromine -LRB- less commonly known to be bad -RRB- . Watch out for the yellow paw , which has almost 1,300 parts per million of bromine alone . -LSB- ... -RSB- Just threw this in the trash . Not even going to donate it . To me , $ 15 is not worth permanently harming any child 's developmental capabilities . Especially when a perfect substitute for this toy is an interactive parent . I reiterate this point in toy reviews
 For Christmas , my 9 month old got this toy from us andLeapFrog My Pal Scoutfrom a friend . Let me tell you , Scout is SO much better . The Laugh and Learn Puppy does not always complete songs , is annoying , not terribly educational and does not keep my son entertained . The songs are obnoxious and it is constantly saying `` Goodbye '' if he does n't touch it after a minute or two.Scout , on the other hand , is probably the coolest toy he has . You program in the child 's name , favorite food , favorite color and favorite animal . Obviously , I guessed on his favorites for now , but it is a very easy to change it as he shows preferences . You can also pick 5 songs out of 3 different categories -LRB- it plays the WHOLE song every time -RRB- and change them when the songs get old . Scout also sings songs using your child 's name , including one that spells it . They also have `` Violet '' for little girls -LRB- which we will definitely be getting if we ever have a daughter ! -RRB- I am so disappointed that the Laugh and Learn Puppy did n't live up to my expectations and will most likely end up buried in his toy basket , but I am thrilled that our friend got Scout !
 My son got this toy for Christmas . It is cute to look at and that is about it . It is not helpful for education in any sense because it never finishes a song or rhyme because the buttons are too sensitive , instead it ends up speaking in a garbled mess.Be sure to take out the batteries at night , because it talks for no reason and has woke my son . Not to mention it is creepy enough to usually say `` peek a boo , I see you '' at 3 o'clock in the morning.My son does enjoy it though , makes him smile and laugh -LRB- 4mos -RRB- but it will be useless to teach him anything with it . There are MUCH better toys out there . You are better just to stick to classic battery-less toys and help make the fun yourself .
 The toy was for grandson 's birthday in December . He received so much , he never played with it much before it stopped working in early February !! It was a complete disappointment for me and his mother !
 My daughter received the pink version for her first birthday and nine months later has rarely touched it . I will say first that she has had her stuffed monkey since she was a tiny baby and never lets it out of her sight , so she does n't take to most other stuffed animals as much . For a couple of months I did n't realize that I was suppose to switch something different in the back in order to play the whole song because it would cut off all the time . Every little touch does switch it between songs and it goes off all the time in the toy box . My daughter mainly loves the heart that lights up but that is about it .
 When mine arrived I was mad because the shirt was purple . THEN I saw that he had two power switch feet . He did not have a yellow foot at all . It looked so bizarre . Then I started playing the songs and things and I was annoyed by the voice already . Pass on this and get the Leapfrog Scout or Violet instead . It 's much cuter . -LRB- and cheaper -RRB-
 My daughter likes this toy , but it has not stood up to the normal usage of a one year old , so far both of the hands and the ear have broken . I tried calling Fisher Price to see if they could do anything for me , but the call ends up being disconnected because of `` high call volume '' . I 'm glad I did n't pay money for this , it was a gift . I 'm very disappointed in it .
 My son loves this toy but after only 3 months the ear stopped working . It wo n't sing songs or say the body part or anything . And it has not been mistreated in any way and also has n't even been used all that much -LRB- I rotate my son 's toys out every week so he does n't get tired of one thing -RRB- . I must say I was very disappointed . Children 's toys should be made to last and this toy certainly fell short of that!Be very careful when considering this toy for your little one . You may be wasting your money !
 My daughter received this toy as a gift . I thought it was really cute at first . But quickly became annoyed with it because the slightest touch sets of the different sounds . There is no way a child could learn anything from this toy because it switches from song to song with the slightest touch . I swear you could blow on the dogs ear and completely change the tune or the message . I do n't want to confuse my daughter so I do n't even give her this toy to play with anymore .
 In the world of baby toys , this has to be in the top 3 annoying toys of all time . Creepy voice aside , this toy is so over-sensitive that it constantly goes off by itself ... even when no one is in the room . There is n't an off switch that actually works and while most times I am searching for a way to silence it , sometimes when I am trying to play with it with my daughter , it actually turns itself off in the middle of a song . I dont have the heart to get rid of it because my daughter does like it . But if this puppy hasnt found its way into your home yet , do yourself a favor and steer clear of it .
 There is not much learning involved with this toy , and it talks ALL THE TIME . It is difficult to control the functionality , and it is easy to accidentally trigger the buttons or unintentionally switch from learning mode to singing mode . This product is best with no batteries .
 The puppy has great potential if it works properly . Ours was ultra-sensitive and was constantly going off . You could not even listen to a song all the way through because it would constantly act as if you were pressing the on/off button . I tried new batteries but that did not help . I think I just got a bad one .
 My 10-mo-old son 's interest for this puppy did not last . Maybe because it is just like the other toys he has , same music type , no movement and no consistent sensitivity . He touches the green hand and what he gets is `` yellow foot '' . He sleeps , the puppy suddenly begins to `` speak '' without being touched but because the air conditioner is on and wakes him up.In the Amazon.com picture the puppy seems bigger than the one we got . Also our puppy is not half as pretty as the one in the Amazon.com picture . If your infant is very active and moves a lot like my son does and if you already have interactive toys that talk or make sounds and music , this toy might not be for him/her .
 The puppy is cute and I thought would be great for my son -LRB- 10 months -RRB- ... but he is n't that thrilled with it . He 'd rather play with other toys , definitely not his first choice.The reason why I gave it 1 star ... it is possessed ! Ok , not really ... but the dog will start talking at random times during the day and night . I literally have to kick it across the room to get it to stop . The itsy-bitsy spider song is now incredibly annoying.Not recommended . There are plenty of other toys out there that could fill its shoes .
 Please read before you buy this toy !! We bought this toy and not only is this dog annoying because you have to be careful not to press other buttons , but the dog does not finish the songs . It would be a very nice toy if the dog finished a song such as the ` ABC 's ... this dog only goes up to the letter P.
 Maybe I got a dud , but we call this the `` ADD puppy '' because it ca n't get through a sentence without changing course ! The buttons are on a hair trigger and as soon as you touch one it changes what it 's doing . So my daughter will be holding it and listening to a song she likes and then accidentally touch another button and it says `` whoops , got my toes ! '' and stops . You have to set it down and not touch it if you want to hear a whole song . Also , if you do n't turn the switch off , it comes on totally by itself . In the middle of the night .
 Myself and a relative purchased the Puppy as a gift for my son this Charistmas . After both sets of batteries were replaced and the tags pulled off , the toy still did n't work . Do not waste your money on this gift .
 The toy was purchased for a nephew for christmas . Upon receiving it the toy did n't work . I 'm sure it would have been fun to play with and very educational for that matter , IF IT WORKED .
 My son got this for his 1st b-day and he played with it once or twice.Its a cute puppy , but it does not keep him entertained.Its very sensitive and goes off with a easy touch.If anyone wants this puppy let me know . -LSB- ... -RSB- maryland
 I bought this for my son when he six months old . I did n't expect him to be able to play with it much at that age , so it sat on the shelve till he was a year old and when I reintroduced it to him at a 13 months old , he did n't want anything to do with , to tell you the truth I was sorta happy that he did n't , becuase the puppy 's voice really annoyed me . I could hardly stand it . I tried to give it to him to play with a couple more times over the months and he never took intrest , so I give it away .
 Great idea , but the buttons were too sensitive . He would go off when no one was touching him , and if you just brushed a part of his body with a sensor , he would switch songs in the middle of one song . I thought maybe it was just mine , but two friends had the same experience .
 My sister-in-law gave this to my daughter for her 1st birthday . The recorded voice on the dog is so cloying and syrupy sweet it can give you cavities just listening to it . Maybe others would n't mind that over-eager baby voice because a lot of kid products feature similar voices , but that 's not the only problem . The real issue is that there 's no way to truly turn it off . If you touch the OFF button on its foot is says `` bye bye ! '' but then if you touch any ear , paw , nose etc. it goes right back into action saying `` it 's learning time ! '' or `` got my nose , woof woof ! '' It 's NEVER off . There 's no turning it off . I 've bumped into it crossing the baby 's room in the dark after checking her in the night and the dang thing starts playing the `` itsy bitsy spider '' song at full bore -- of course my child sits up screaming in fright . I think the product is ill-conceived and if you are the sort of person who does n't appreciate that kiddie voice , it WILL drive you nuts .
 I bought this as an angel tree gift for a local kids ' charity , but I will be returning it . Admittedly I have not put too much effort into looking at it , but the box clearly states that the alphabet learning song is A-Z , which seems obvious . Unless another button needs pressed to finish the alphabet , the song only goes to about P. That 's rather useless and stupid .
 I got this toy for my son when he was 9 months old . He seems to like it ok but it gives me the creeps . It is super sensitive and turns on with the slightest touch but only plays a few lines at a time . Occasionally it turns on by itself in the middle of the night or when it is in a room by itself . It is really creepy to wake up at 3am to the sound of `` This little puppy went to market . '' Plus , it gets annoying really quickly.I 'm gifting this creep-o puppy asap . I HATE it .
 My mother-in-law gave this to my son when he was 6 months . He is now 10 months . I hate this toy . I hate the stupid voice , the stupid songs it sings , I hate how sensitive the buttons are , I hate its stupid insipid face and its stupid purple shirt.But ... my kid loves it . So it stays for now . I long for the day when he outgrows it so that I do n't hear `` It 's a great big colorful world out there , everything has a color that it can share ... '' -LRB- I mean come on , what does that even mean ? -RRB- Ear . Blue ear . Got my toes ! Tummy ! That tickles ! * twitch * My other complaints are that the velcro does n't stay fastened in the back and the surface has begun to pill pretty badly .
 We bought our daughter this toy for her first Christmas . She was only a month old when she got it , but we anticipated she 'd grow into it . Now at 10 months she is just starting to play with it . It has not stood the test of time however , the ear button and the one hand button no longer work . Out of six music and learning sites 2 have quit working . Surprisingly , because it really has n't been used hardly at all . She still pushes the other limbs to make the sounds but it gets very anoying because it says the same song or phrase over and over because of this . It is not one of her favorites so I 'm thankful for that . I would n't recommend this toy just for the fact it is n't durable .
 I read all the reviews which encourage me to buy this toy for my daughter through AMAZON.COM . However , the first one delivered to us was defective , the ABC song sings only up to letter `` P , '' & the rest of the songs do n't sing completely . I had it replaced & still the one delivered to us was of the same defective quality.I am so disappointed . They should check first the overall quality before they bring it out to the store .
 I ordered this toy for my son 's birthday . It came and he opened it straight from the shipping box . We put in fresh batteries only to find that the toy did n't even work . Amazon was quick to send a replacement , and in about 3 days we opened a new one , put in batteries , and viola ! It worked ... Kind of . The reaction time to hitting the drums is VERY slow and sometimes non-existent . It does not play the beats for a long enough period of time to even play along with it . This toy is a piece of junk .
 I am not usually one to write a review , but the economy is bad , and so this Christmas was especially rough . Only my children and little nieces and nephews got toys . My niece already had gotten and Easy Bake oven , which she loved , but wanted an apron and all the cute little accesories that go along with being a ` chef ' . . lol ... I decided to purchase this item because it looked like the perfect solution . For -LSB- ... -RSB- , I think , I thought it must be REALLY nice . When I got the package it was this lightweight tiny box and I could n't believe it . Before I even opened the package I knew I would be disappointed . I thought the quality of the items were very cheap looking , although cute for a little girl . There were no flaws with them , and everything worked , but I could have put together that same package myself -- with MUCH THICKER MATERIAL -- for about 8 dollars . I guess my complaint is with the price . All the boys got beautiful toys for much less money and they were happy with them . My niece would n't even wear the hat because the elastic was too uncomfortable and she is not quite 4 . OVERALL I THINK THIS PRODUCT IS A CHEAP RIPOFF WHICH LOOKS MUCH NICER IN THE PICTURE . If you think 25 dollars for a small toy set is a great price , you may be happy with it . In future , I will definitely ready MANY customer reviews before making a snap decision based on the pic and write-up . Thanks , and I hope this review will save you some money . Every penny counts these days !!
 I wanted this set for my 3 years old boy , but it is purple and pink . so only girlish colors -LRB- i thought it would be blue -RRB- . the apron is nice . but it uses a small velcro to close . so you can not adjust the size very well . it is recommended for ages 8 and up , but the hat is already to small for my son , who 's head is just normal . it only fits my 1 year old , but it is tight on him too . so we can not use it . and the hat was the reason i bought this set . i would not buy it again and therefore not recommend it .
 The toy looks good , but there is no power in the arm 's ability to send a projectile farther than a foot or two . It looks like a catapult , but it does n't behave like one .
 This is a cute kit . It looks & seems to work like Play-Dough . I 'm confused , though , as to the `` soap '' part . The dough is actually soap . But I ca n't figure out if the kids are supposed to play with it in the tub -LRB- it seems like the dough would just get all wet & sloppy and start to dissolve -RRB- or just play with it elsewhere and make soap shapes to use later in the tub -LRB- but there 's not very much dough and it would get used up quickly -RRB- . This does not come with any directions on or inside the box to explain it . The company 's webside -LRB- itsoutrageous.com -RRB- does n't have any info either . My guess is we 'll end up using the molds with our Play-Dough
 I hate to be harsh , but there was nothing redeeming about this set . Directions to the use of the soap and set are vague at best . I did n't know whether we were supposed to get the `` dough '' wet or shape it in the molds before getting it wet . If anyone does purchase this set , please mold the soap first before getting it wet ... if you make the mistake of getting it wet first and then try to mold it , you 'll end up with nothing but gunk that you ca n't get out of the molds , gunk under your finger nails , and stuck to the bottom of the tub . Both my girls were very disappointed and ended up in tears . Basically it 's junk .
 The box makes it look like you can make cute soaps with the molds . All kind of soap fun . There was 2 3X5 little pieces of paper . 1 with mold instructions and the other for how to cut off the top of the gel pens . Unanswered questions :1 . How long until the molded soaps get hard ? 2 . Can the soft play-soap be used as soap ? 3 . What the heck is the gel soap for ? Can it be used in the mold ? 4 . Foam pads ? I would assume it is for a work surface to work with the play-soap ? 5 . Soap crayons
 No real directions . No pictures demonstrating how the product is used . VERY confusing . Packaging is eyecatching , and LOOKS interesting , but what a disappointment when you open it up , ready to play ...
 I thought this looked like such fun on the box . There are no instructions and no matter what we tried we could n't get it to mold anything . So we went to the website listed on the box and found instructions there that did n't work either . So while at the website we tried to send a complaint through their customer service link and big surprise but the link did n't work . So I look back at the box for an address to send a letter too telling this company about my growing displeasure and the address listed just says New York , New York . No street address , no P.O. Box . So a useless product from a worthless company . I 'd give it zero stars but that was n't a choice .
 The 9 piece set was disappointing when i first got it and saw it up close . I did not know that the action figures were going to be that small . Aragorn , Legolas , Gimli , etc. are a little taller than 2 inches while the hobbits are about 1.5 inches tall . Well that would n't have bothered me that much if the painting on the faces of the figures was well done but it was n't . Half of Frodo 's face looks disfigured and he and the rest of the figures are not very bendable or posable.Save your money for something better and do n't buy this . I 'm probably going to return mine.Well i hope this review helps someone out .
 My son 's action figure fell apart after 2 days . He did not play rough with it or drop it or anything . I resent this toy .
 Nice balloon but it does n't take much to pop it . it served its purpose for me which was for decorating . The kids love it because it is a spongebob balloon .
 Are you kidding ? Asking such an out of reach price for something not even worth ten dollars ? Come on , get a clue here , no body 's going to buy it unless they do n't have anything else to spend their money on . Using a sack would make more sense . For one thing , these cases do n't hold the discs in tact , they slip right out of the case while you 're walking around . Trust me , we got one at Walmart , but not for the price you 're asking for . You need a lot more than just velcro strips to hold in the discs . This carrying case needs a lot of work before they are worth buying . They are made extremely bad , not worth investing in .
 Lasted about 2 days ! My 8 yr old loved it ! But not durable ... leaked water and battery was n't stable , it would slide to one side and make it lean . Also it shorted out once water got inside .
 this r/c boat got to my house not working at all . the battery seemed to be damaged and the bot seemed to have technical difficulties . Even though i followed all instructions put the boat in the water it did not run . this boat is not a boat that i recomend buying it 's not even worse what it cost . its is worst than all the other r/c boats .
 The boat went dead after only 10 minutes after being fully charged . It got stuck in the middle of the pond . When retrieved , the antennae was missing .
 I should have paid attention to the many 1 and 2-star reviews on this boat . It is poorly constructed and we were unable to even get the props spinning . The motor worked , but the props would only spin if we held some pieces together by hand ... all in all , a huge disappointment for my 6 year old grandson who loved the look of the boat . We had to ship it back . Amazon makes that part easy .
 THis looks cool , but was too hard to put together , unclear if its a battery problem or wiring but we still can not get it to work - find another boat if you want a remote control one !
 We made sure we followed the instructions carefully . We made sure the cover over the battery pack/motors was as tight as it could be . We ran the boat for less than 20 minutes before it just died . I recharged the battery , tried the odd instructioon to create a circuit beteen the two drive shafts with my hand , and looked for loose wires etc ; nothing works . Very expensive 20 minutes . While there was a little water in the boat after we used it and it died , it was only a couple tablespoons , that must have come in through the driveshaft holes in the hull . I think this design is horrible , and you should not expect this to last past the first use . It 's junk .
 Purchased two new speed boats and I could n't get both to work . Very disappointing . Do n't even know how to reach the company to inquire .
 I took this Boat out to the Conservatory Pond in Central Park and it turned out to be a lot of fun ! However , I was incredibly disappointed by the fact that while I charged the batter the night before for 5 hours , I was only able to get the boat to run for 15 minutes !!! HUGE disappointment . So basically , I had a 30 minute bus ride to Central Park , walked about 10 more minutes to get to the Pond and was able to enjoy this item for 15 minutes !??? Not an incredibly positive experience , generally speaking : -LRB-
 We put this boat on our pond yesterday . It immediatly began to take in water and it sank to the bottom . There is no way to retrieve it ... not that we 'd want to ! Very disappointed little boy . Are n't these boats supposed to float ?
 I received this unit two weeks after ordering it . It was on hold with the seller for 5 days ? Upon opening it up the boat was about what I expected except the Transmitter was less than expected as it just used buttons with no speed control . there is a reverse button that does absolutely nothing . I have used advanced RC boats and Walmart versions and can really say that this is worse than most as all it has going for it is it 's speed . The biggest reason for the bad review is the way the hull is designed to ingest water to function ?? I can understand the cooling factor with a dry sump cooling system but this boat uses the water to complete a circuit !!!?? It has three holes drilled in the transom and is reliant on the water for power . Upon getting the boat out a ways the signal died and within 2 min the boat sank ??!!! It is fast but for the risk of loosing the boat I give it a thumbs down . It 's really a poor design and unless you plan on using it in clear shallow water all the time I would steer clear . The PX-11 I purchased from Amazon as well did a better job but is twice the size and you should read my review of it also . If you never have ran a high end model like Kyosho or Traxxas I would try and find something used before going this route for cheap speed .
 My son bought it to take up to the lake for a summer vacation . First time in the water , it was a blast . Went home charged battery to run a second time . Would not work after that . We read all trouble shooting instructions and tried everything we could to get it working . We returned it for a refund . Very cheap quality .
 ... it died after the first run . Some other commenters reported issues of the boat spontaneously combusting ... Unfortunatly , my model did not have that feature as that would have been a much more epic and memorable demise of my $ 35 . For the price , I thought this thing was great . Had some awesome speed , lightning acceleration , great turning radius . The only problem was that it failed to work after the it 's maiden voyage -LRB- perhaps i should have christened it ? -RRB- . Did n't show any signs of water damage , even took apart the radio receiver box which was heavily sealed and bone dry . Plugging in the battery after the first run , just caused both motors to go at full speed , regardless of the boat or radio being on/off .
 It was pretty easy to put together and after the 5 hour charging period , we gave it a try . Boy it was fun at first . Great turning radius and speed . Very maneuverable . Impressive sound . Then one prop stopped spinning so it just went in circles . I thought maybe the battery needed a recharge since we had played with it for 15 mins . After that it never worked again so it 'll go back today . I like Amazon 's return policy and given the many problems other reviewers had , I only bought this knowing it would be easy to return . I also just bought it for myself vs as a gift for one of my kids knowing the risk of it not working and their disappointment .
 unfortunality i got my boat and hurry up to charge it and try to use it , well it didnt work , the iten is defective and had a QC label , which mean it been opend or used before , this is really bad , i dont recommend this item or actually the store
 Received boat , boat would not work properly , on/off switch did not function and the remote did not function eitherBoat would turn and propellers would spin as soon as battery was plugged in.Very disappointed for my nephewThis was our second attempt on purcahsing an RC boat and none seem to work ...
 I bought the boat a few days ago , but did not work . Simply nothing happened . It is the second time that happens to me radio control toys.I 'm disappointed in this type of toy . Living in Ecuador , is complicated forward.I would not recommend anyone buy this toy , it says on the box `` Made in China '' .
 READ THE WARNINGS , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! - Shame on Amazon for the deceptive markdown pricing !! After reading the mixed reviews -LRB- although mostly bad -RRB- , I decided to give this item a shot as a gift for my son for Christmas . Who could turn down what appeared to be a great deal ?! We assembled the boat as instructed , put it in the water , where it only ran for about 15 seconds before dying in the middle of the water . I contacted the -LRB- overseas -RRB- seller and they said I needed to make sure everything was dry and try it again . We did so and it still did not work so I contacted them again and was instructed to send back where they would determine if a replacement would be sent - no refund on shipping in either case . So , as misleading as it is for Amazon to mark through this product as originally being $ 140 and now down to $ 40 , they are feeding the scam - as I 'm not going to spend another $ 20 to ship this item back only to continue eat the shipping costs back and forth . The seller is the only winner in this case . We 've decided to trash this defect and go with something totally different . Ideas welcome ! Please heed the warnings and save yourself the time and money - this item is definitely a piece of junk !!
 Upon receipt the product failed to work at all . Immediately returned it for a refund . Had planned to give it to my grandchildren while they were here on vacation . Thanks for nothing .
 I got this boat for my son for Xmas . It looks fantastic in the box . When we finally got to a lake to race it , it did n't work . Did n't do anything . Just sat there . I contacted the company and they wanted me to send the boat back at my expense . They also offered a replacement at $ 18 if I did n't want to send the boat back . I took that offer , since it was going to cost me $ 11 shipping anyway . That boat took way too long to arrive and it did n't work . It just sat there doing nothing . Now they want me to pay to send back both boats , before I 'll get a refund . So , I get to pay $ 20 for nothing.Normally I like buying from Amazon , because shipping is not a hassle and the vendors are good . It is not the case this time . This product has tons of awful reviews . Unfortunately , all the good reviews were stacked at the top , and the bad reviews were further down , and one after another.I would not recommend anyone purchase this product .
 Product was fun for the hour that it lasted . Do not buy from this company if you are giving this as a gift that will not be opened and used immediately . I purchased this as a Christmas gift so it was not opened immediately and tested , we used it once and it was a lot of fun . After use we followed all care instructions and let it charge up for another use ; when we used it the second time it started to have problems and when we pulled it out of the water the battery was smoking and melted the wires . I contacted the company 29 days after delivery and asked to have it exchanged for the same product . They refused saying it was way past the return date , even though the product was defective . I had to contact them a second time to even find out how long their return policy is , it turns out it is two weeks after delivery . This two week return policy is not posted anywhere on their website or on the invoice . It was not the best $ 35 spent on one hour of entertainment . All in all I will never buy from them again and if you are thinking of buying a product from them be sure to test it out before your two weeks are up !!
 I had to rig up a antena that was NOT installed on it and when i put it in the water i found out that one of the motors was a LOT slower than the other and about 5 minutes later the slower motor quit working all together , so now all it wants to do is go in circles ... it got here quick but thats the only good thing i can say about it.If you want a good remote control boat then DONT get this one ...
 I purchased this last fall as a group Christmas present for our grandsons . We live on a lake so I thought this would be ideal . Well , it might have been ideal if it worked . We turned everything on , put the boat into the water , and nothing happened . The light was red on the remote . No reponse from the boat when we used the remote . We got a sort of burned wire smell from the remote . The boat is totally useless . This was a waste of money . I guess you get what you pay for !!!
 ... We bought this as a Christmas present for our 14 year old son . We bought it in November and wrapped it to put it under the tree . On Christmas day , a little less than a month after the boat arrived , my son opened it and tried to use it . It did n't work . The controller functioned up to about two feet away , but not beyond that . We tried a new set of batteries but got the same result . I then tried to unscrew the antenna to reattach to see if that was the problem . The antenna broke at that point . I contacted rctoyvillage and explained what was happening . They told me the antenna was the problem and they would send a new one . That came about a month later and made no difference . I then tried a third set of batteries , but no go . I wrote back again and got no response . I waited a couple weeks and wrote to them and told them I was about to write a negative review but wanted to give them a chance to send a new boat first . They wrote back and said that it had been a long time and that I should try to fix the boat rather than complain about it . I wrote back and told them we tried everything we knew to do , but the boat was a dud and never worked from the very first . I asked them again to make this right . That was several weeks ago and I got no response . I understand they have a 14 day return policy , but the boat should have worked out of the box . Needless to say we are not happy with this company and would not recommend the product . If you do buy from them , make sure you do n't wait more than 14 days to test it . Better yet , buy from a company that at least guarantees the product will work out of the box . My son would like to write a stronger review . He was really excited to be getting the boat and is really frustrated by the runaround from rctoyvillage . We 'll not be back to this company .
 I bought this as a birthday gift . It does not work AT ALL . The battery charges but the remote does not work . Was also missing antenna tube . Totally worthless !!! Do not buy !!!! I 'd demand my $ back but it is 10 days past limit . It was a gift so did n't know it was broken until they tried to use it :-LRB- VERY disappointed !!!!
 Gave for a birthday gift for my in home grandson . Just took out of the box . Boat have a piece of masking tape on the side with nothing attached . After getting all the batteries for the controller -LRB- 8 -RRB- , we discovered that the masking tape on the side of the boat was possibly where the pvc for the wire on the boat to be housed inside . NO PVC ! Now what ? I have found that Amazon requires shipping back all items with missing parts so are they going to expect me to box all this up again and make a trip to a shipper and send this back for $ 15 or so -LRB- of course they 'll pay the bill -RRB- , but who pays for my time and gas . Just send me the 10 '' piece of pvc !!!!
