 I first introduced this toy to my son when he was 3 months old . He is now 5 months and does stare at it when I turn off the lights in the room , but is n't as amazed and entertained as he was for the first 2 months . Honestly , it does n't really help him fall asleep anymore , but it was a lifesaver for the 2 months that it did work ! Like I said , he still stares at it , but I guess now that he is older he is more interested in the surrounding things going on than to focus all his attention on it . That 's what happens when babies grow older !!! The product is excellent ! I think the songs on it are kind of boring , and I wish they put better songs . I would buy it again .
 We got this as a gift when my son was about 2 months old . I put it on his crib altogether with the sounds and light mobile from FP too . Until he was able to pull him self up -LRB- around 7 months -RRB- , he only interested in his mobile . . maybe those stary ceiling worked better to soothe him to sleep . He 's 11 months old now , and this Ocean Wonders has been his fave thing to play until he 's worn himself out and fell asleep . He knows how to turn the volume low/high , change the music and he loves doing the clam and the starfish too ... sometimes we even did n't know that he was up from his nap or sleep until we heard he turned this toy on . He barely ever cried when he woke up , straight to the Ocean Wonders and he 's all happy !!
 My 10 month old baby listens to the aquarium every night as she goes to sleep . Sometimes in the middle of the night she turns it on herself and it lulls her back to sleep ! She loves it and we love it . It truly helps her sleep better .
 We received this when my daughter was 9 months old . I wish we had received it sooner ! It is very simple . There are fish , starfish and a clam shell . There are only a couple of activities for your child to play with BUT the key button is the one to push for sound , lights and to move the fish to sound . You can choose whether you want lullaby music or water sounds -LRB- rain , stream or waves -RRB- . It is very calming . We wanted it after reading reviews about how much this helped infants sleep . It works !!! I can put my baby to bed and push the button -LRB- we use the lights and ocean sounds feature -RRB- and she lies there watching it and goes to sleep on her own . She never did that before we had it . I highly recommend this and plan on buying this as a gift for baby showers .
 This crib item is a must ! My daughter , now 8 1/2 mos still loves this toy ! I used this from day 1 , and it is a real soother . It definately gets you through the `` put your child in the crib awake to nap '' times . Also , it is very easy on batteries .
 I bought this for my little one when right after she was born and it was wonderful ! She loved to listen to the sounds and she would go right to sleep ! Now she is older and she can push the buttons herself and she still loves it ! This is a toy that will last a long time !
 We took this everywhere we went . It soothed our daugter to sleep and she LOVES the sound of the Ocean it makes . Now that she is a Toddler she enjoys playing with it in her crib while she waits for us to come wake her up .
 My babies have it , and love them . They just start to play with it and is good because it made them roll-over . They also enjoy it since they were newborns listened the music , especially the go to sleep one . Recomended it 150 %
 I bought this for my son when he was about 12 months old to try to encourage him to play in his crib . He LOVES it ! It 's so easy putting him down for naps now , I just push the button and he watches the fish and will fall asleep on his own . Even though he 's a bit older , he still enjoys this toy . It 's worth it !
 Our six month old is fascinated by this toy , especially with the music , bubbles , and lights all going at once . There are a number of options for music -LRB- three tunes -RRB- or background sound -LRB- rain , ocean , etc -RRB- , as well as operating it with a combination of music , bubbles , and lights . The straps are sturdy and secure it to standard crib slats easily.My only complaint is that there is no option to leave it ` always on ' -LRB- though this is logical since the toy is battery-operated -RRB- since our baby seems to sleep better with some background noise . Motion/vibration also helps , and a crib attached toy like this one but powered by a plug would be perfect.The baby has yet to be able to sit up and play with the two activity toys -LRB- a spinning starfish and an opening/closing clamshell -RRB- , but has been able to hit the start button by accident once or twice ...
 Since my daughter is only 6 months old and does not sit up yet , I use it mainly at bedtime . The sounds and the lights , work great to get her to relax and sleep.This is a great purchase that I would definitely recommend buying .
 My baby needs some sort of white noise and this is fantastic . It plays three songs and three water sounds , as well as has settings for it to do everything at once , or just one or two of the options -LRB- lights , music , water -RRB- . She loves the lights and sounds of the rain . This has REALLY helped in her bedtime routine . -LRB- The other settings help calm her down during the day . -RRB- I highly recommend it . -LRB- As a teacher , I do n't see how this teaches the baby much , but it DOES `` teach '' her to go to sleep ! -RRB-
 We bought this item for our daughter when she was 5 months old , She is now almost 4 and still loves to look at it . She had the older style . My son is now 5 months old and we bought him the new one and he enjoys it just as much ! . It is so cute and put both of my children to sleep immediatly . In fact when my daughter reached about 1 she would wake up in the middle of the night and start it herself and put herself back to sleep.My only complaint is that we went through ALOT of batteries . -LRB- She used it for naps and bedtime for over 2 years -RRB- So we purchased rechargeable Batteries . Also , the plastic straps are a bit to short for my sons crib . -LRB- it has thick wood sides -RRB- so I had to get creative but the fit most cribs . I know the price seems high , but trust me , you will get your moneys worth.Overall , Would buy it any day !
 We received this aquarium toy as a gift . I had written it off as just another toy . When our daughter was born , she was n't fond of having her diaper changed -LRB- invest in a wipe warmer , another small wonder -RRB- . My husband hit the button on this little toy and her attention was immediatly averted . Now every diaper change this comes on . I turn it on when she plays in her crib and it soothes her for hours . I take with for bath time and turn it on -LRB- do not put it in the water of course -RRB- , and bath time is a happy time . I was amazed by the soothing music , not like other toys . My 17 year old wants one , she says the music is so relaxing . She is right , I fall asleep to it at night when I turn it on for the baby .
 I Could n't Have Survived without this aquarium . This is the baby shower gift I usually buy people . My son loved watching this and falling asleep . It helped us through our first 3 months , and after that he still loved it ! I will definately use this with my second one too . It 's so calming to the baby and the batteries last a long time in it !! This is a MUST HAVE for all new moms
 In regards to your email asking where the original ocean wonders aquarium went , I recently saw this at Target . This model on Amazon is not the one I normally see in the stores .
 We love this product . I really like that we can choose natural sounds or lullabies . One of the most rewarding times of our parenting came a few weeks ago when we witnessed our daughter learn that she could turn it on and off herself . She hit it on and off over and over understanding cause and effect and being delighted with herself . We usually put her to bed awake and let her `` play '' herself to sleep . Great product with versitile features - music selection , volume , interactive buttons and levars .
 My son is facinated with this !! He loves this . I have one complaint though . In the beginning the bubbles did not work . I was very disappointed . But about a week later it miraculously it started working . He loves it even more . This is perfect for bed time . The music and the soft moving light with the bubbles just lulls my baby to sleep . This is a perfect baby shower gift .
 What a great crib toy ! My son loves it at 7 months and has since he was 2 months . Now , he sits up in his crib and plays with it , laughing and `` singing '' with the music . Definitely worth every penny !
 I received this as a baby shower gift & it 's wonderful ! My son has always really enjoyed it . He is 12 months old & still really likes to turn the music on & off & make the starfish spin & the clam open & close it 's mouth . I do n't think the motor is excessively loud . I realize that a lot of people liked the old aquarium better , but since that 's pretty had to come by , I am not disappointed in this one . It does eat through batteries kind of quickly ...
 I bought this 3 years ago for my daughter and she absolutely loved it ! From day 1 we played the ocean sounds and they lulled her to sleep . My son was born a year ago and now he wo n't go to sleep without his waves ! Both of my kids put up a fight if I forgot the aquarium when we traveled . That 's the first thing I pack !!
 My son is 3 months old and he loves this . I keep it on the music/lights/bubbles setting , and he becomes completely mesmerized by it . One night I heard him fussing a little , and then I heard the music come on -LRB- he must have been kicking his feet up and hit the switch by accident -RRB- . But it was great because within minutes he was back to sleep !!
 Very soothing music & the changing lights -LRB- at a delicate & non-offensige glow -RRB- with bubbles & moving fish really entertain him . When he is fussy or not wanting to sleep , he stares at this & easily drifts off ! He also likes it when awake . Music is great - one tune is new-age , like the type they play when you get a massage and others are twinkle-little-star & third is ??? -LRB- also can play a combo of all 3 -RRB- . Helpful that it also has different combo 's of music-only , lights + music & movement + lights + music -LRB- music only is great to soothe/put to sleep & the ` full-boat ' is great for entertaining him -RRB- . The `` bubbles '' and moving fish are almost like white-noise yet more entertaining & soothing to parents ears when we are trying to sleep too ! ONLY complaint is that I wish it had an ` extend-time ' feature as there are times when he wants more than the 5-minute auto-off -LRB- though I like that it has auto-off ! -RRB- . Update at 7mos -LRB- July04 -RRB-
 Our daughter was soothed by the gentle lights , bubbles and ocean wave sounds right from birth . Our daughter would be restless when we first put her in her crib for naps but as soon as we turned on the ocean wave sounds she would go right to sleep . Our daughter is now 5 months old and has begun to sleep through the night without feedings . However , she does wake up and cry briefly and either my husband or myself run in her room and press the button to activate the ocean waves and jump back in bed and she goes right to sleep again within seconds and so do we ! . It 's amazing - nothing else we tried worked ! I gave it four stars because the straps to attach it to the crib are very hard to adjust - I really have to struggle with it . It tends to go through batteries quickly and the battery compartment is closed with four screws - time consuming when your trying to open it . One screw would be sufficient . All in all its a great product and all my friends agree that their babies all loved this aquarium .
 My daughter went wild when she saw this at her cousin 's house , so we had to buy her one too ! She loves watching the lights and bubbles and the music is good too . I do wish that they were a couple more toys on it besides the twirling starfish and clam , but I guess they keep her happy enough ! She can easily activate the msuic/lights herself and it does help soothe her at night and before naps , and also occupies her when she first gets up in the morning . I wish they made a similar toy for the car or stroller !
 I love this item because it 's more than just a toy for my new born . I use it everytime I get up at night to feed my baby . It provides light and soothing music at the same time , eliminating the use of separate light . And by the time Im finished nursing , my baby is already going back to sleep and the music and light go off all on its own . It is great!S . MarkantonisQueens , NY
 We loved this product so much we bought a second one to keep at our babysitter 's house . We use this product to soothe our baby to sleep -LRB- which can be quite a feat -RRB- . I love that you can choose between songs , ocean sounds , or babbling brook . My baby likes the babbling brook best right now , but if she gets tired of that , I like that I have other options . When she gets older , I am sure she will enjoy playing with it , too .
 This aquarium is great . I purchased the orignal version -LRB- Peaceful Planet -RRB- because of some reviews I read indicating it was so much better than this updated version . Well , I went right to Ebay to purchase it because it is no longer available . Big mistake ... we only had it for about a month and the mechanism that makes the fish spin stopped working . It was n't the batteries ... the only thing that would get them moving was a hard whack . I was very disappointed . The new version is terrific ... the music is better , there are more bubbles and the fish move around . Plus , my son can turn it off and on himself , as well as play with the 2 buttons that make the starfish spin and the clam open and close his mouth . I wish I would have just purchased this one right from the start . You can hear the motor a little bit , but it is not a problem . I am very pleased with the new one !
 This product is wonderful . My daughter has always needed sound to put her to sleep -LRB- just like me -RRB- . The hard part was finding something she wanted to listen to . This toy has stood the test of time . She is one year old now and still plays with it everynight . If one time is n't enough , she turns it back on herself , and in the morning I know she 's awake because she has turned it on again .
 My husband and I bought this toy for our daughter when she was three months old because we were having a really hard time getting her to sleep . From the first night she would watch the fish swim and listen to the music and bubbles and fall right to sleep . Now that she is nine months old she has learned to play with the toys and start the lights and music by herself . She plays with it until she falls asleep by herself . It has made a pacifier completely unnecessary .
 My son is now 4mo old . He is sleeping in his crib full time now . Getting to sleep is not so easy . All I need to do to put him to bed is play the aquarium 2 times and that is it . He is fast asleep . He loves the soft light and bubbling sounds plus many nice toons . It is a must have if you need to get some rest yourself . It 's a shame there is no remote .
 After a few weeks of trying to get our 4 1/2 month old son to soothe himself to sleep for naps in his crib , we were desparately searching for a way to get him to do so without having him `` cry it out '' or without having to lull him to sleep ourselves . -LRB- Being that he 's able to do so on his own before bed at night , we have been quite puzzled . -RRB- Just today I remembered I had received the Ocean Wonders Acquarium for my shower -LSB- as it sat on the floor next to his crib waiting for battery installment . -RSB- Well , would n't you know that as my son sat in my lap and watched me put them in he no sooner became mesmerized ? With that , I took him and the acquarium straight to his room , put him in for the dreaded nap , attached the aquarium to the crib , and ten minutes later he was asleep -- no crying , no fussing ! Coincidence ? I hope not . But even if it is , I still think it 's a great crib toy ! Wish they made one for adults!My only wish for this toy ? That it came with longer straps as others have mentioned and that the music played longer for those who need more than 7 minutes to fall asleep .
 My son received this as a christmas gift at 5 months . He 's now a year old and still loves it . I do n't think this aquarium is loud in the least . My son likes to have some white noise so maybe with him it does n't matter . He lays in the bed while going to sleep and plays with the toys that you can `` flick '' and when he wakes up that 's the first thing he does . He likes it so much we have two and keep one in our camper in his pack and play . I ca n't think of anything I 'd change !
 I have the smaller aquarium , but really have ejoyed it for my son . He is 22 months old now & still loves it & actually , has to have it on for bedtime . He prefers it when the light is on which really burns the batteries . I 'd say that this is a fantastic product , but I will not use it for my second baby b/c it goes through batteries too quickly . I do n't know about this large version , but the small version takes 4 C batteries & it needs new batteries about every 3 weeks .
 This is a fabulous toy , the music , sounds , and movement of the fish just lullaby our baby to sleep , He turns it on in the morning and gets distracted with it for a while , which gives me a few more minutes of needed sleep in the morning . We have had this toy since his birth and he is a year now , and he still loves it . The best thing is that the toy has options you can choose to have just the music without movement or without lights , or you can have all . This is a must have !!
 My son saw the lights and bubbles and was hooked . It has the most wonderful music that plays for a long time . It 's not like a mobile where you have to keep winding it . It is so soothing that I take it everywhere we go . At 3 months old , he was reaching for the button to turn it on himself !
 My baby slept in her own room in her crib because of these soothing sounds , if she would cry I would just turn it on and she would stop and fall right back to sleep . We have also moved several times and passed this on to a friend so I would rate the durability very high also
 I bought this toy for my son 's crib when we moved him into his own room in his crib at 6 months old . He took to his crib very well and his new room . 2 nights of yucky sleep is all we dealt with . After that it was smooth sailing . It definitely helped having this toy in his crib enabling him to adjust better and faster . It attaches to the rail by 2 straps that has 3 different levels you can put it on as per the crib mattress When the mattress was high , the toy was lower so he can get it . Now , it 's at it 's highest because the mattress is at it 's lowest . I do n't want it too low and him to kick it accidentally while he is sleeping . It has 1 lever that my son pushes down on and it makes a fish move , then the ball when touched/moved/hit can make the starfish move . It has a wonderful volume control for the perfect level you want it to stay . It 's a visual of the ocean floor with green/blue waves and design with fish and starfish . Really beautiful to look at . It has 3 water effects you can choose from
 This is sold partly as a toy and partly as a device to aid sleep . My 9 month old has not yet got to sleep using it , as it distracts him , but this may be different for other babies . He does love playing with it , watching the fish , listening to the music and batting the lever to make the little starfish spin.The water leaked slightly during our transaltantic ` plane flight -LRB- not the manufacturer 's fault but it 's worth knowing -RRB- . It would benefit from having a few more controls - perhaps they couldput Spongebob Squarepants in to make it perfect !
 We had this toy on our baby registry and were quite excited when we got it . Our son is 2 months old now and he is mesmerized by it . It relaxes us all actually . The music is wonderful very peaceful and at the same time stimulating . There is only one real drawback to this toy
 My daugther received this as a gift and it is wonderful . She can play with in her crib and it helps put her to sleep at night . I heard bad things about the Peaceful Planet -LRB- the fish would get stuck and it would n't rotate -RRB- . So far Ocean Wonders has far surpassed my expectations .
 We had a Peaceful Planet Aquarium which both chewed batteries and stopped working altogether after random 6 month use . This is the model that Fisher Price sent us as a replacement , and we just got it today . I can not comment on battery usage or durability as a result , but I can say that this has a far quieter motor than the PPAquarium ever did , far nicer music -LRB- new-agey as opposed to tinny -RRB- , and even includes a few activity buttons to move some fish around , making it interactive . My daughter seems much more intrigued with this one as she can manipulate some of the characters . The only problem is that the on/off button is right between the other two interactive knobs , so she winds up turning it on and off repeatedly as she plays . Maybe that 's a feature , not a problem ... Hats off to Fisher-Price for fixing their mistakes and replacing a defective product with an improvement !
 I bought this for my son when he was 4 months old . He did n't really seem to pay attention to it until he was 8 months old . There are various musical tunes or ocean sounds that you can choose from and watching the little fish swim around seems to keep my little guy captivated . I would n't classify this as educational or a lot of fun , but it would aid in getting a little one to sleep a little sooner .
 I had this set up in my daughter 's crib when she was a baby . It would light up the room just enough for her to feel comfortable but not so much that it kept her awake . The music is very soothing and not as cartoony as you would think . The unit would turn itself off after a period of time so I would n't have to creep back into the room hoping not to wake her.This is a wonderful crib toy . I would recommend it for any newborn , especially those who have a hard time falling asleep .
 This is the best . My daughter is now 17 months old , & she still uses it every day . She has a hard time falling asleep , & the music & light seem to be soothing to her . I love it because she is able to turn it on when she 's upset or is having a hard time falling asleep , & it turns off on its own . She enjoys spinning the starfish & turning the ball that opens & closes the clam 's mouth . Now that she 's tall enough , she also gets a kick out of being able to reach up & change the song herself by moving the switch at the top .
 This is a great nighttime soother for my daughter . She 's now big enough to press the button to start it herself if she wakes up during the night and feels a little lonely.b
 We bought this item about a week a go . It was easy to install and absoulutely beautiful to look at and listen to . My husband and I decided on this aquarium instead of a traditional mobile because traditional mobiles will have to come out of the crib by the time our son is able to pull up/stand in his crib . I would recommend this Fisher Price Ocean Wonders Aquarium to other parents .
 I purchased this after my son outgrew his mobile . He loved to watch his mobile and I did n't know if I could find something to take it 's place . When I first put this in his crib , I turned it on with the bubbles and everything . I think that kinda freaked him out at first . Then I adjusted the settings to where it is just the lights and music . Now he lays there and stares at the lights and fish and goes off into sleepy-land . Another perk is the songs are n't that annoying -LRB- like many other baby toys -RRB- . They are are calming and relaxing . I highly recommend this item for anyone looking for something to lull their child to sleep . It works !
 My 11-month-old son loves his `` aquarium . '' He has had it since birth and has yet to become bored with it . My boy is already quite rough with his toys but this one has endured his abuse thus far ! The batteries do last a fair amount of time even though he hits the buttons over and over and over , everyday and every bedtime . I would highly recommend this toy as money well spent on a wonderful toy !
 I bought this for my daughter when she was a month old and put it on her crib , she has always liked the noises , all of them , music , bubbles and lights at night were a great attraction too ! Now she is 2 and in a big bed and I have managed to fix it onto her headboard too between the wooden bars and she listens to the water noise and has the lights on every night to go to sleep to . She still loves it and turns the music and bubbles on when she is more awake in the mornings.I would highly recommend this toy for babies and older toddlers too , it is a great investment and so many people have bought one subsequent to seeing ours and love it as much as we do . .
 I play this as I get my 11 month old son settled in his crib . We 've been using it since we moved him to a crib at three months . It helps him understand it 's time for sleep . In the morning the aquarium is usually on when I go get him . I do n't think it sounds particularly melodic or soothing , the background noise reminds me of an old air conditioner . But it works for him , so it works for us . I definitely recommend this item .
 My son is 2 and still loves his ocean wonders aquarium . It is by far the best baby product I have . He turns it on in the middle of the night to get himself back to sleep . It has worked miracles . The only downside is we have spent a small fortune on replacing the four D batteries once a month or so .
 Our son is eleven months old and this is by far one of his favorite toys - and has been since he was just a couple months old . We can always tell when he 's awake after a nap - he turns it on immediately ! It 's very soothing and I like that you can choose from several music or nature sound selections . But it also keeps him entertained when he 's not sleepy!The only complaint I have with it is that it burns through batteries pretty quick . You can select music only , or music and bubbles only - but with all three -LRB- music , bubbles , and lights -RRB- this thing can use up 4 DDs really quickly ! -LRB- I imagine being played with non-stop contributes as well ! -RRB- To the reviewer who asked about sleigh top crib attachment - we also have this kind of crib and it attaches just fine . It might sit on a bit of a slant , but it still works . If that bothers you , I 'm sure you could always move it to the front side of the crib which is flat on ours .
 We have the new model and my baby loves it ! It helps her to fall asleep at night . Now that she is a bit older , she can turning it on .
 Our daughter loves this music box for her crib . Every morning she wakes up , presses the button , and lays back down in her crib . She has had this since she was 8 months old . The music is wonderful too . I wish there was a CD . This item is totally worth the money . : -RRB-
 My little one is now 2 yrs and 3 months old . I had wanted this aquarium for her from day one , but I held off because I did n't want to waste my money on something we did n't really need . Finally , I gave in and bought it for her 1st birthday . I thought it was probably too late to even get it for her , but I had been wanting it for so long - I could n't ignore my shopping impulse anymore ! :-RRB- Anyway , it turned out to be probably the best baby purchase we made her entire 2 yrs of life ! Right off , as a 12 month old , she would turn it on during nap and at night to soothe herself . You 'd think she had read the instructions ! I never taught her to soothe herself ! To this day , she is still in her crib -LRB- for the next 6 months til Baby # 2 arrives -RRB- and still uses it when she 's sad or lonely and needs soothing during naptime or at night . I 'm SOOOO grateful I finally bought it when I did and I only wish I had purchased it sooner !! If we did n't already have this one , I 'd be looking for a replacement for baby # 2 due November 2005 . :-RRB- Hope you like ours as much as we do !! :-RRB- -LRB- btw , it 's extremely soothing even for adults ! -RRB-
 I just bought this for my daughter who will be 8 weeks old tomorrow and for her it was love at first sight . I put in on the side of her crib and she just stared and stared and stared in amazement , when the music and lights went off she cried for me to turn it back on . The only complaint I have is that the setting that turns the music lights and bubbles -LRB- her favorite part -RRB- only lasts five minutes , but I still love this toy !!
 This is a wonderful thing to have ! I just wish the music and lullabyes would last longer than they do . It was truly a lifesaver during the night ! This is a must for every parent of a newborn !!
 My son was recently hospitalized for RSV , and the toy room at the children 's hospital had one of these , so we put it in his crib to help calm him -LRB- he and his twin ADORE the Aquarium Bouncy -RRB- . He loved it ! Even feeling as awful as he did , he laid there watching the fishies . It must be sturdy for the hospital to keep it for their patients -LRB- they said they 've had it for a year , it still worked perfectly -RRB- . My little one fell right to sleep listening to the music .
 I might have written a review about 8 or 9 months ago about this product and how wonderful it is . We received it when as a baby shower gift , and from the moment my son was in his crib -LRB- at about 3 months we switched him into his crib -RRB- this toy has been a fantastic addition . At first all he did was just watch the fish , lights , and bubbles , and when I say watched I mean more like mezmorized ! Then as he could sit and crawl he started to bat at the controls and play with it . Now my son is 14 months old and he has learned how to turn the music on and off by pressing the switch on the front of it . I just leave it on and when he goes down at night or for a nap I do n't even have to worry about putting music on because he puts it on himself , and he loves to do it ! What 's even more awsome , when he wakes at oh say midnight or 3 in the morning he will turn it on and put himself back to sleep . I am now about 5 months pregnant with my second child and we are going to register for a new one for our second child because I ca n't see taking this out of his crib for a second . It has not only taught him a lot , but has been a sleep saver for mom and dad !
 This was my second favorite item I received for my son -LRB- after his `` Kick and Play Bouncer '' -RRB- . It was right up there because it was a God send in soothing my son and giving me some peace and quiet to go do a task or even just relax knowing his attention was occupied by something and not focused on wanting mommy!This item is beyond cute . When he first got it as a newborn , the songs played the most important role . And being able to choose between three different ones was good . It was not too repetitive or boring . When he became more alert , he would be able to lay on his back for hours just gazing at the dim lights flickering on and off and at the fishies and bubbles . Now at 9-months-old we put him in his crib sitting and he goes at it . He 's wild with glee watching it and hitting the toys on it . The songs still sooth him to sleep -- this is a MUCH better investment that a mobile for the muscial factor and also MUCH better for keeping their attention . He 's also able to turn it off and on himself and that 's great because it 's like an additional toy for him with a `` reward '' because it 's a big flat button that goes along the bottom . You just press it on and off . -LRB- There is also of course a regular button to use to turn it completely off . -RRB- This product was very easy to attach to the crib and also easy to wipe down . I absolutely LOVE it . It has three different `` settings '' so let 's say you do n't want the music but just the bubbles/lights you can do that . Or you can have just the music so the sound of the bubbles is not heard . Very versatile ; EXCELLENT product .
 I purchased this for my 3 month old son after reading most of the reviews . I must say that this toy has helped us get our son to sleep . He used to cry for at least 10 - 15 minutes - sometimes more - EVERY NIGHT -LRB- he fights his sleep - at 3 months of age ! -RRB- . We were at our wits end . I put this in his crib and the crying was less and less every night . Now he just rests his head and listens to the music -LRB- he prefers Brahms Lullaby -RRB- or aquatic sounds and drifts into slumber . The lights are great and the music can play as softly as you wish . And there are a variety of songs and sounds for you -LRB- or baby -RRB- to choose . I am SOO glad we got this . It has made getting our fussy little guy to sleep so much easier . I think this crib soother is a must if you have a sleep-fighter !
 This was purchased as a gift before my daughter was born . My daughter is now 5 months old , and she loves it ! Whenever I lay her in her crib for `` bed-time , '' I turn out the lights and turn on the aquarium . The music and soft lights are very soothing -- I 'm thinking about putting one in my room ! She falls asleep easily while it 's on and I never hear from her again until the morning . I recommend this to everyone !
 Well after the first fish bowl which I had to beat up after getting stuck only to learn other people had the same problems I was a little nervous about getting this one . My little one of a year had learned how to start the old one and change the music but would get upset when the fish stuck . So far the fish have n't stuck . He love the clam and the starfish . He gets excited when he can move them . So far it has n't kept him up at night but he like to start it up on Saturday or Sunday morning when we are trying to sleep in . I had to rate the durability so I put 1 until it is used for a few months.I will update at a latter time .
 I really ca n't stand loud obnoxious baby music playing all night , or 3 bars of a continuous baby type song stuck in my head . The music on this item is soft and subtle , and very soothing to parents and baby . The light display is very soft , and the motor is n't too loud .
 My three year old daughter has used the peaceful planet aquarium since she was six months old . When hers broke we bought this one and she will not take it to bed with her because she thinks it is scary . It 's a cute idea and fun but the motor is very noisy . And it is TOO easy for a child to turn on by themselves . My four month old turned it on with her foot in the middle of the night and it woke her up . The other one was perfect . I wish they would bring it back but with improvements so the fish do n't get stuck .
 I used this with all three of my own children , and have purchased it for numerous baby showers . What a life saver . If you have a baby that does not particularly enjoy bedtime , this will do the trick ! It is so soothing and it just seems to fascinate them ! You will go through quite a few batteries if your child gets attached to it , but it is well worth it!I would recommend this product 100 % .
 My son has liked this since he was about 2 weeks old . It started leaking and got the sheet wet , but when I called Fisher-Price about it they sent me a new one at no charge . I have not had the same problem with the new aquarium , so I guess I just had a faulty one . My son loves to look at the lights and it sometimes helps him fall asleep .
 I was a little unsure after reading some of the reviews comparing this version to the older model , but received as part of my registry anyhow . Baby really does enjoy watching and listening to this toy ... especially at night when the room is dark . The soothing songs really do captivate her attention . Even my 6 year old has asked to have this by his bed ... he thinks it is cool and will play it for little sis every night . Too bad it does n't project onto the ceiling like the old model ... but baby does n't seem to mind .
 This is part of our nightly bed time routine . My son is usually out before the music stops . I 've never timed it , but I think it plays for more than 5 minutes . It also works well as a night light too -LRB- while it 's on -RRB- . The bubbling and music are very relaxing and it plays the same tunes and sounds as the FP Aquarium Cradle Swing.We have n't had a problem with batteries yet . Our son has figured out how to turn it on himself in the morning -LRB- which scared me the first time he did it ! -RRB- so it 's on a few times a day.I 'm a fan of almost all of the FP Aquarium items -LRB- I do n't own them all -RRB- . If you like any of the others you -LRB- and baby -RRB- will probably enjoy this one too .
 My son is 11 weeks old and colicky . We have been trying anything and everything to get him to sleep in his crib . I bought this item because a friend has one and her 5 month old loves it . My son loves it too ! I am able to put him in the crib awake -LRB- never before could I have done this -RRB- turn on the aquarium and usually by the time the timer goes off , he 's asleep . I do also wish it had a longer timer which is also my reason for not giving 5 stars . I loved it so much , we bought the Ocean Wonders Swing this weekend and he loves it too !! We are finally able to get this little guy to sleep for about 5 hours at a time , before this , we were lucky for 2-3 consecutive hours . Thanks Fisher Price !!!
 This is a lifesaver ! From the day my daughter came home from the hospital she loved this ! She 'll sit in her crib and `` talk '' to the fish and it will also put her to sleep if she 's tired.After having this with 3 kids now I can still say I love it . My oldest still sleeps with hers and so does my second . My third is still an infant but he too loves the fish . : -RRB-
 I had the round one for my daughter about 4 years ago and was disappointed when it suddenly stopped working over a year later . Fisher Price is usually known for manufacturing toys of very good quality . I recieved the new version at my baby shower for our new baby a few months ago and she loves it . Hopefully it will continue to work long after 24 months .
 We got Ocean Wonders Aquarium as a gag gift for my father , but we felt that a 50 year old was a little too old to appreciate it for its simplicity . My son , who received this when he was 1 month has loved it ever since . And it replaced his mobile as the primary means of crib entertainment . The three settings have allowed him to grow into and to use it at different times of day . And it is portable , so you can travel with it , never having to completely throw off the routine . We like it so much that we have started giving them away as baby gifts .
 The Ocean Wonders Aquarium is the smartest `` toy '' we registered for . Our son has been using it since birth and it helps him drift off to sleep on his own . He is now 4 1/2 months old and we use it every night and for every nap . We even take it with us whenever we travel ! He loves it so much - plays with the buttons and gazes at it until his little eyelids close . Peaceful sleep !! AWESOME FEATURES : - Three options include sound only , sound and soft slow-pulsing lights , and sound , lights and bubbles . - Seven sound options include three different lullabies , a medley of all three lullabies , babbling brook , white noise , or ocean waves -LRB- our son 's favorite ! -RRB- . - The batteries seem to last a long time -LRB- we 've changed them twice in four months , using it 6-10 times a day - every day -RRB- . - It is very durable and attaches * very * safely to the crib slats . - A big on/off button that baby can learn to use himself , as well as a master off button for mom . - A scrolling ball for baby to roll - it makes the clam 's mouth open and close ! - A pull-down tab for baby to make the starfish do cartwheels ! - EXCELLENT volume control . You can make this * really * quiet.More than a toy - this is a soothing sleepy-time friend for your baby . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!
 MY NEW BABY SAT FOR TWO WHOLE HOURS AND DID N'T MOVE THE NIGHT WE BOUGHT THIS FOR HER . EVERY NIGHT WE JUST PUSH THE BUTTON AND SHE GOES RIGHT TO SLEEP WITHIN MINUTES . THE GREATEST THING ABOUT THIS TOY IS THAT IT HAS DIFFERENT SETTINGS SO THAT YOU CAN CONTROL THE TIME THAT IT PLAYS WHICH CAN BE UP TO TEN MINUTES WITHOUT HAVING TO GET BACK OUT OF BED AND PUSH IT FOR YOUR BABY . AND BY THE TIME YOU NEED TO PUSH IT AGAIN , THE BABY IS USUALLY ASLEEP . IT WORKS WONDERS FOR TIRED MOMMIES TOO WITH ITS SOOTHING MUSIC . ALL BABIES NEED ONE .
 Someone gave this to us as a gift . It is probably one of the best items we received . Puts our baby to sleep everytime . The lights keep the baby mesmorized at nightime . FYI ... if you use all the features -LRB- music , lights , and movement -RRB- at one time , it uses up the batteries fast .
 I received this aquarium as a shower gift from 2 people - now I see why they liked it so much ! My daughter is only 6 days old and she loves this item . She also has a mobile over her crib , which is very visually stimulating as well as being equipped with 2 different types of music in addition to white sound . But , I must say she prefers the aquarium hands down . The second I lay her down in the crib and turn it on , she immediately turns her head and watches the bubbles , the sounds also have a soothing effect on her . I enjoy knowing that she is also improving her eye tracking as well as strengthening her neck muscles since the aquarium is mounted on the side of the crib , and she frequently turns to look overhead at me , then back to look and listen to the aquarium . It 's a GREAT DISTRACTION during diaper changes on those little ones who are wiggles worms ! I would definitely recommend this item .
 We love this aquarium ! My daughter is 8 weeks old and focuses on this when turned on . It seems to really attract her attention . My 5 yr old loves it , also and is constantly turning it on.We have no complaints about the noise -- I agree it 's more of a `` white noise '' and seems to be a soothing sound for her as well . I ca n't wait until she 's old enough to touch it and turn it on herself to see her reaction.All-in-all , it 's a great gift idea , it 's a wonderful crib toy , it 's soothing for parents & baby !!
 My little guy settles right down and gazes at `` his fishies '' while he nods off to sleep . Although the bubble motor is a bit loud , the rhythm of it in addition to the music seems to sooth him . Personally , I love the music . It 's so much better than the typical single note `` electronic '' music found on other toys . I often sing along with the music , which my baby finds very amusing .
 I was skeptical when my daughter received the aquarium for Christmas because she was 6 months old and I thought she might not enjoy it as much as she would have when she was younger . The aquarium has turned out to be a favorite toy of mine . My daughter has slept thru the night since she was two months old , but getting her to fall asleep was a chore everynight and involved many tears . The aquarium was great because I put her in her crib when she started showing signs of sleepiness and she would watch the lights and slowly relax into sleep . My daughter turns the aquarium on after she wakes up from a nap or in the morning . We never hear her cry when she wakes up , we just hear the music playing . She also likes to play with the 2 interactive toys on the front of the aquarium . The music is very pleasant and my daughter also likes to listen to the rain and ocean sounds . I highly recommend this toy .
 My 5 month old started waking up in the middle of the night . My doctor suggested that I start letting her learn how to put herself to sleep . The problem was that she seemed bored and would cry . I bought the OW aquarium and the first night she was calmed by it . After just 3 days , I just lay her down and she immediately startes to look at the acquarium . I turn it on and she goes to sleep . She just loves it . It is a great assistant to help your child learn how to sleep . OW does make a little noise when the bubbles are running , but it is nothing that will distract the baby . I wish I would have bought it sooner !
 When my son was 6 weeks old , my husband I took a trip cross country to see relatives . While we were there my mother purchased this for his crib since he was about to outgrow his bassinet ! At first I did n't think much of it but after he started colicking - where NOTHING would stop him crying - all of a sudden this little aquarium became a GOD SEND ! The lights , bubbling and sounds soothed my little guy to sleep :-RRB- My only issue is that it does n't stay on long and enough and you have to run back in there to hit the button again so the baby does n't wake up - but other than that I highly recommend this ! My son is now 4 months old and still loves his aquarium .
 I know there 's no such thing as a miraculous trick to get a baby to sleep but if there were , this would be it . It puts my 3 month old son out the minute I turn it on . I ca n't recommend it enough ! It also worked on my friend 's 4 month old daughter . If you want some precious time to yourself , try this crib aquarium .
 My baby absolutely loves this . She plays with it every day . This is actually our second one . We had the old version but it broke . This one is very durable and baby user friendly . The batteries seem to last much longer than the old version . We are very happy with this toy !
 This is a fantastic toy - both our 10 month old and our 4 year old love looking at this especially in the dark because of the lights . Easy enough for the baby to turn on and enjoy .
 My son was 11 months when he received this toy , it is absolutly wonderful . It really helps him fall asleep . If he wakes up in the middle of the night , he turns it on and goes back to sleep ! It absolutly amazed me how much he loves this toy ! When he wakes up in the morning , he 'll turn his toy on and lay there and listen to it for a few minutes before he wants to get up ! Defintaly recommed this toy if your child is having sleep problems or not !
 My son is 2 months old and has been fasinated by this toy for weeks ! With the lights , music and motion he will watch it for hours if I let him ! Great for putting him to sleep . He has even figured out how to turn it on for himself !
 We received the Ocean Wonders aqarium from a friend who is a nurse in a NICU . She swore even extreme preemies are soothed by the aquarium . We latched ours to the crub when our son was two days old , the lights and wave sounds soothed him to sleep right away . He is now 3 1/2 months old and we can lay him in his crib , turn on the ocean aquarium and he will be asleep in minutes.I have three friends expecting babies and I recommend this to all of them !
 This is the greatest thing !! We use it every night to put our 12 week old daughter to bed after her lullaby . She goes into her crib wide awake but this is so calming and soothing to her that 9 times out of 10 she falls asleep within 5 minutes . The variety of settings is great too - we use the bubbles -LRB- and lights and music -RRB- if she 's really awake and the lights and music only if she 's already a bit sleepy . It is truly wonderful ! We traveled with it as well and it really held up , in checked baggage on the airlines through three connections each way . If I were going to change anything it would be to make the volume go even a bit lower , but this is very minor . Overall we love it and would be lost without it ! I keep spare batteries on hand at all times !
 We purchased this aqarium to put on our 4 month old daughter 's crib . This went on after we removed her mobile . We have been very pleased with this purchase !! We also have the aquarium bouncer by F.P. and are very happy with its performance.Our daughter loves this aquarium and stares at the fish and lights while she is drifting off to sleep.Would recommend this to anyone !
 This is a cute toy , nice music and interesting to infants . However , it eats batteries like candy , so be prepared with lots of recharables !
 This is absolutely the most wonderful toy I have ever bought for my baby ! It 's magical sounds , lights and bubbles even help me to sleep ! Nothing calms my 2 mo. old like this toy -- she enjoys it so much . She smiles immediately when it 's turned on ! You wo n't be disappointed with this one ! Even my 11 year old son ca n't wait to turn it on ! Just watch , it is heavier than you think and should be attached carefully so it wo n't fall on baby . We take it in the car with us too ! Your baby will love it .
 I purchased this toy a month ago for my son who was 9 months old at that time . I like all the versatility to it as I can choose to have the lights on/off , have bubbles on/off , or for it to play soft lullabies , or all the above at same time . My son seems to like it and for some of those nights where he just fights to stay awake , it does seem to soothe him into a slumber . Also , he wakes up in the morning and contents himself with turning it on and pressing the buttons to make the star swirl around or the clam to open and close its mouth and it keeps him occupied till I get him . A little pricey , but I think it is worth it .
 We have used this in the baby 's crib since his first night . It has different music and volume control is a plus . One level makes a noise when the fish are swimming around . My son liked the noise I think it reminds them of being in the womb . As he grew I liked to change the settings around . He still likes the night light on but you can turn that off . All of us like to fall asleep to the sounds of the ocean rolling and the segals laughing overhead instead of the music . They could have made it a little more fun than the 2 things to play with on it . If you buy this you will still need another crib toy later down the road . More of a sight and sound sensation toy .
 This is the best invention yet ! A friend recommended this aquarium to me , so I had to have it . My baby was very colicky for the first six weeks of life . I put this in his bassinet and he would look at the lights and bubbles until he fell asleep . My favorite setting is the bubbles and lights only . Now , in the middle of the night , if my six month old wakes up , he presses the button to turn it on and watches until he falls back to sleep . I recommend this to every new mom out there !!!!
 I purchased this toy plus one like it for my little grandsons , age 3 and 5 . They absolutely love it . They play together for hours and also use all sorts of imaginary scenes with it . It is a very sturdy toy , they have had it for a while and even though the planes have crashed numerous times , they are still intact . Would highly recommend this entertaining toy for little boys !
 My kid loves this toy , this is a good buy if your kid likes air planes with noice , remember this toy does not come with batteries so if you are planning to buy this then be ready to have the batteries ready with you before the package arrives .
 Santa brought this for my 5-year-old , and she 's thrilled with it when she can get it away from her little brother . It 's fairly sturdy and rolls well on hard floors and very low nap carpeting . -LRB- Thicker carpets give it some trouble . -RRB- The controls are simple to use and the jet sounds are realistic enough and are set at a volume that 's pleasant to the adult ear . We 're happy with it !
 I bought these for my grandsons birthday and they love them especially because they make noise like a airplane and light up . They are getting a lot of use out of these toys which is a great thing .
 We got this for our three year old grandson for Christmas -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and he has enjoyed playing with it . It 's simple enough for a little one to learn how to control it . He has dropped it several times and also has driven it right off of the edge of the dinning room table several times crashing it onto the hard wood floor . Despite this type of abuse it still works great . The body has held up good too , some scratches -LRB- which is expected -RRB- but no cracks or breaks from all of the crashes .
 This product was a terrific choice for my 2 year old grand son . He was able to manipulate the controls right away . The airplane itself is very durable and strong and can take all the abuse a 2 year old can give . The airplane itself goes very fast and keeps his attention . I recommend this toy to any child 2 + years .
 my little 3 yr old grandson loved this toy . He played with it daily for several weeks . It probably should have lasted a little longer , but considering the price , I was very satisfied and so was he .
 The ball is in a good round shape -LRB- some Size 1 balls are n't . -RRB- and has good feel of touch . Overall good quality .
 We just recieved this item and the dimensions of the toy are different than the dimensions advertised by the manufacturers description . It says that the tent if 51 `` x51 `` x43 '' and that the tunnel is 6 feet long x 19 '' in diameter . The actual size of the tent is 48 `` x48 `` x42 '' and the tunnel is actually 4 feet long x 19 '' in diameter .
 I bought this for my son 3 years ago when he was 1 . He played HARD with it for 2 years and I stored it away for a year . I just pulled it out for my 1 year old daughter , washed it and it looks amazing.Thinking back on the abuse the tent and tunnel took and the amazaing shape it is in compelled me to write this review . There were periods of time it was left outside for weeks . It withstood many playdates . There is not so much as a tear in it . Hightly recommend !!
 My kids loved the tent and tunnell . I could barely pull them away from it . The only problem is that the tent was hard to assemble because of the tent stands and when you take it apart , you go through the process all over again . I am currently in the process of trying to find out who the manufacturer is so that I can purchase new stands because one of them snapped while my children were inside !
 Hello well my husband and i just bought this toy for our daughter and she got to play with it yesterday and she loves it . She was so excited about going in the tunnel.My daughter is 2 . We put her leapfrog game in the tent as well as some books . IIts in our livingroom . The only complaint i have with this is that when my daughter goes through the tunnel the tunnel comes out of the hole it goes in.The tent is real light weight . I think its pretty cool and im real pleased we got this for our daughter .
 I have a in home day care with 6 kids , I bought this last year of 2002 , and I still have it up and the kids still pay with it . lots of fun
 My 8 1/2 year old daughter got this four years ago for Christmas and I can honestly say it has been one of our most used toys ! It has been set up all over the house and outside too . Up until last year she would still have sleepovers in it -LRB- It 's getting a little small for her for that now -RRB- . But it is still taken out and set up quite often . I usually set it up myself -LRB- I am 5 ` tall , and less than 100 lbs . and it is extremely easy and simple for me to do . -RRB- Unlike the previous reviewer , we have never had problems with tearing , it has been amazingly durable . I have an 18 month old now , and he is also loving it . I use just the tunnel with him sometimes , too ! We love it so much I am getting one for my two nieces this Christmas . This is one toy you will get a lot of miles out of !!
 I remembered how much I liked to build `` blanket '' huts when I was small , so I thought , a tent with a tunnel , how cool . I know the tent seems flimsy when you set it up , but my toddlers jump into it , repeatedly knock it over on it 's side and it does n't lose its shape or break , so thank goodness it can stand up to a little rough-housing ! The price is much better than the plastic playhouses too . Good value for the money .
 My granddaughter , 22 months , loves to crawl into small spaces such as cupboards , under chairs etc. . Sometimes she is hard to find . With this perfect option she loves the crawling in the tunnel and making her own house in the tent . My daughter is expecting multiples -LRB- do n't know yet how many -RRB- and she needs to have her daughter occupied in a safe place . Another great thing is how portable as when they come visiting they can bring her house with her . I read the one commentary about the 100 balls , gads ! We 'll try that if this does n't work as she gets older .
 I bought this for my friend 's daugher for christmas . She absolutely loves it . My daugher and her play in it everytime we are over there . They have a blast crawling through the tunnell and sitting in the tent part . I would recommend this to anyone who has the room to set it up !
 my 3-year-old son loves this tent , he sleeps in it every night in his bedroom , he thinks it 's great
 My two grandsons were having a blast with this . The two year old was laughing as his cousin -LRB- 7years old -RRB- was going in and out . I like the fact you can use it in and outdoors .
 My son -LRB- he 's 2 -RRB- received this tent as a birthday present ... and he loves it ! I love the bright colors too . The tunnel simply inserts into one of the two holes in the tent , and stays put pretty well . The doors have velcro on the bottom to keep them shut , but nothing really to tie them back with to stay open . My neighbors , nephew and husband love the tent too , and makes for hours of fun . Our house is now the `` cool place '' to go do ! I have to agree that I would n't bring this tent outside either ... the floor seems like it could be ripped pretty easily by something sharp . But it works great on the carpet , and have n't had any problems with it yet except keeping everyone out of it !
 I bought this for my 2 year old nephew and he LOVES it ! He crawls in and out and down the tunnel . It 's great for him . He makes us crawl in with him and down the tunnel -LRB- if we can ! -RRB- . Excellent item !
 I got this for our 18-month old grandson for Christmas and this was just the thing for him to satisfy his craving to climb in , around , and behind things ! It was larger than I expected , big enough for both of us to sit in , which he loved . Its only been up two days but it seems durable because in the beginning he seemed to try batting it around to test it out and it held up admirably . The colors are bright and it seems well made . I feel certain that he 'll play in it often .
 We bought this for our grandson for Christmas , when he was 22 months old . He loves it ! The only problem is he sometimes uses it to get away from his parents when he does n't want to do something and they have to crawl in after him .
 This little tent is great for young kids . My son loves to crawl thru the tunnel then stand in the tent and look ouy the screen at the top of the tent . It semms to be made well -LRB- for inside the house -RRB- . I do n't think you can find a better tent with a tunnel for the price than this one !
 my son feels like he has his own little house , its really cool for a play room and also outdoors . delivery was also very quick , i got it in a week !
 A waste of money beacause it is poorly made the thin plastic sleves that cover the poles come off making it impossible to fit the poles together trust me just pass I had to return this item three times I only went through the trouble because my son loved it.Oh well I 'll just have to find another more durable play tent .
 My boys -LRB- 5 and 2 -RRB- got the tunnels for their birthdays last November . For Christmas we got them the tent to go with it . They both love it . The best part is that if folds up nice and small when they are done playing . It is very durable . The boys like to camp out in it in the living room with their sleeping bags . Great toy for indoors or out !
 With 7 children , ranging in age from 18 months up to 20 years old , I have found that most toys have a short `` WOW '' effect and do n't get played with as they were intended . Many times , especially with younger kids , the box the toy came in is more exciting than what 's inside . We purchased this tent for our 18 month old and it has been `` center stage '' for several weeks for not only the 18 month old , but also for the 10 and 12 year old . The kids have made elaborate forts , houses , caves , etc. ... . the possibilities are endless and ever-changing . It has really engaged the imagination & bridges the gap between the different ages . It 's nice to see my older kids interact with the baby , very refreshing in a world where much of the play in the `` tween '' age group is typically centered on technology -LRB- Wii , Ipad , XBox etc. . . -RRB- . Also , it 's great to see the teens sitting in the tent quietly reading to the baby . Even the cats find it a great place to hunker down for the night .
 My daughter got this for her second birthday . She loves it . She gets so excited when we get it out . My favorite part is how small it fold up . My 4 year old daughter also loves the tent .
 I bought this tent for my son when he was about 1 1/2 years old . He is now almost 3 and still has a blast in it . We bought a 100 balls to go in it and he loves to throw them down the tunnel . It takes minutes to set up and the rods are pretty strong . My son can even put the rods together without hurting them or himself . It has a bigger opening so a parent can get in it too -LRB- although it is a tight fit . -RRB- I have a 5 month old that loves to watch his brother pop in and out of it . I would imagine the real test of strength will come when both boys are playing in it , but I have no doubt that it will hold up . I would definitely recommend this to other parents . We are happy with it .
 I have a 1 year old and a 2 1/2 year old , and they absolutely love this . We set up the tent occassionally , but they play with the tunnel daily and have a ball . They chase each other through it , play hide and seek , etc. . It is some of the best money I 've spent on a toy !!!
 What kid does n't want their own private hideaway ? We already had one 6-foot long Pacific Playtents tunnel , and we just got this tent/tunnel set and another 6 ' long connector tunnel.Our 2 year old son is having so much fun -LRB- as is his dad , who can squeeze through the tunnels too - just barely -RRB- ! The one con I can think of , which is easily fixable , is that the tunnels just insert into the tent 's holes . You would think they would attach somehow so they 'd stay put , but no . This is such an easy fix , though . I had a roll of adhesive-backed Velcro sitting around and I just put a few strips on the tunnel ends and on the door openings so that I can attach them . Viola!Super fun !!!
 My kids -LRB- 2years and 10 months -RRB- love this toy . Its by far the best Christmas present they received this year . The only real issue we have with it is that its a bit on the flimsy side . The tunnel has no real way of attachment to the tent so it detaches when my kids crawl through it . So far it seems like the concept of this particular toy has failed in that aspect . I think if I would have realized this I would have purchased a tent and tunnel separately . The tent is also much larger than I thought it would be , but if you have older kids its the perfect size . We have only had it for 2 weeks so its hard to rate the durability of this toy , I suspect that it wo n't last to long with it being as flimsy as it is , but over all this is a great toy , hours of fun for sure .
 I bought this for my little sister for her birthday , and she really liked it , she was turning five and it was the perfect little ` getaway ' for her .
 We bought this for our 11 months daughter . She scared tunnel at first but she enjoys it now . This is larger than expected but we are ok .
 We bought this tent for my daughter for her birthday when she turned 3 in July . It was easily her favorite gift . She and her little brother -LRB- not yet two -RRB- played with it all the time . Then , she wanted to start sleeping in it . Granted , the tent has been used quite a bit , however , it is breaking in several places . The mesh is tearing a bit , but the main thing is that the bottom pieces that hold the bars in place have given in , and the support bars just slide straight through . I have had to sew them , but they continue to work their way through . I think it is an excellent toy , but I would shop for one a little more durable .
 Better than most similar products -LRB- same price and higher -RRB- we saw at ... other storesNot a tent for outside use , other than play time , since the two side holes do n't close and the top is n't water tight.The tunnel by itself has been as much fun as the tent . We often have just the tunnel out for our toddler to play with.The tent has found use in different parts of the house
 I bought this product to entertain my 3 and 2 year olds after I found out I was pregnant with # 3 . We set it up in our master sitting room and they play in it every night while I lay in bed resting . It is a very durable and safe way of letting 2 or more kids burn off a lot of energy . I highly recommend this product to anyone with a few kids of varying ages . I am getting it for all my neices and nephews and I ca n't wait to see them enjoy it as much as my two kids have !
 We purchased this tent for our 2 girls -LRB- ages 3 , 1 -RRB- at Christmas time and I just had to throw it out yesterday -LRB- 7 months later -RRB- It has gone through a lot of rough housing . My girls -LRB- and dog -RRB- loved it . The tent and tube are great . The only problem we had was with the 4 feet of the tent that you have to put the bars into to hold up the tent . If the girls were playing rough the bars would pop out and eventually 2 of the `` holders '' ripped and now the tent doesnt stand up perfectly and the reason I threw it out was because it was a bit dangerous for the bars to be sticking out while my kids ran in and out.Overall it 's a great tent . I guess we were just a bit rough on it . I ca n't wait to find another one.We aslo bought the girls a kids `` shadows and sounds '' flashlight to go inside and they love to see the animal images and noises on the tent that the flash light would make . I think the flash light was fisher price ??
 We bought this for our son when he was only 1 1/2 and he has absolutly loved it . Now that he is 2 1/2 , he has so much more fun with it . Sometimes we have more fun with just the tunnel . He has been able to really use his imagination with the tent . I would have to say that it is one of the best things we have ever bought for him . The tent is also very durable .
 I bought this toy for my almost two-year old grand-daughter because she loves to climb under furniture with tableclothes and hide . She loves it and so does her almost five year old sister . Christmas day they climbed in and we were informed they were camping and did n't wish to be disturbed . I plan on getting some more tunnels to add to it soon .
 Santa brought this tent and tunnel for my son in 2003 , and it was an immediate hit . He is now 3 years old , and still enjoys playing with it.Last week , he took it to a fun day at school , where three classes of active kids gave it a try out . It stood up admirably , and went back into its storage bag proud and intact . It took a huge amount of abuse and shrugged it off . I was deeply impressed , because I never expected it to last this long . Several teachers and parents asked me where I got it from , so I guess they were also impressed.It stores easily in the handy bag , and the tunnel when strapped up takes up little space . It 's light , portable , affordable and fun.One of the best toys I have ever purchased on Santa 's behalf .
 My 3-year old , 1-year old and cat love the tent and tunnel . Everything folds down very neatly and does n't take up a lot of room in the closet . We have n't had any problems with the poles breaking or fabric tearing as seen in previous reviews . Sturdy construction although getting the poles in the small pockets takes a little muscle . But it 's worth it when I see my little ones having so much fun .
 I operate an in home day care and have for 28 years . I had a Fisher Price cloth type material pop up play tent for 24 years , it broke before Christmas . I purchased this one with the tunnel . My day care kids love it ... once I get it put up . You have to thread the poles thru like a real camping tent and it does not fold for storage , you have to take it a apart ! It is not a quick , `` want to play in the tent ? '' deal . I do n't think with six preschoolers in and out it will last long either , and the noise of them crawling in the vinyl is n't good . I will use it as long at it lasts ... but it sure is n't like my other one . I am not totally pleased with the convenience and ease of it , but once up the kids do have fun .
 We bought this for our son when he was 2 years old . He just loves the whole thing !! The only problem we found is that we ca n't find where to buy more tent poles for this tent . One tent pole broke & we were not able to find any local store that has tent poles to fit this tent .
 THIS IS THE SAME TENT I PURCHASED FIVE YEARS AGO FOR OUR ADOPTED GRANDDAUGHTER FROM CHINA . SHE AND FRIENDS HAVE SPENT HOURS IN THEIR `` HOME '' PLAYING `` HOUSE '' . NOW OUR 2ND ADOPTED GRANDDAUGHTER PLAYS WITH HER IN IT AT GRANDMA 'S . THEY BOTH ENJOY IT SO MUCH THAT I GOT THEM ONE FOR THEIR HOME ALSO . MY FIRST ONE STILL LOOKS LIKE NEW . VERY EASY TO ASSEMBLE . I 'M 70 YRS . OLD AND CAN ASSEMBLE IT IN A COUPLE MINUTES . IT TAKES UP VERY LITTLE SPACE WHEN STORED . IT KEEPS THEM BUSY ALL DAY AND THEY CAN `` CAMP '' IN IT DAY AND NIGHT ! WE LOVE IT AND SO DO THEIR PARENTS ! WHAT FUN !!!! P.S. I EVEN FIT DOWN THE TUNNEL !
 the tent is easy to put up . I bought this for my 1 year old grandson and he LOVED it . Yes , it may not last till he 's 16 but it looks like he 'll have a couple of years of fun .
 I purchased this for my son when he was 5 . He still uses it -LRB- 8 years old -RRB- . Nothing has ever broke on it - very durable . He has dragged it around the house and even outside . This is probably the most durable toy he has had . He loves the tunnel the most and many times just uses the tunnel . We play games in the tent often . He loves to watch tv from the tent or read books in the tent etc. . When it goes up - it stays up for a few days . Excellent design !
 This set is so much fun . My 2 year old loves it , especially the tunnel . Its so easy to pop open and close . The tent is a little more involved so we do n't use it as much but its well made and easy to set up .
 My grandson is two years old . He loves this toy . Easy to take apart and set up again
 I bought this as a gift for my nephew and my brother called me when they got it . All I end up hearing was the yelling and screaming in excitement of my nephew as he played around in it , he loved it . Delivery was also earlier than expected which was a plus .
 My three year old son loves this tent and tunnel set . It is sturdy and my husband or I can fit in it with my son and plenty of stuffed animals . It 's good for indoor and outdoor use . It 's especially fun inside on rainy , cold days .
 I bought this for my 3 year old and 18 month old for Christmas . They both love it and it is SO roomy ! It does take up some space , but the tunnel is removable . The quality far exceeded my expectations .
 I got this for my 4 & 2 yr.olds for Christmas . I put it together and I even crawled in it . I believe my grandkids will love this . They love the outdoors & this will help them learn about camping . Their Dad does hunting & `` tenting '' will be fun !!!!!
 It took no time to put up or take down . My daughter is a year and a half and loves it . She can play hide & seek and & I can join her . I am able to move in & out too !!! We have tons of fun . I Highly recommend it ! We use it indoors and out !
 I bought this for my twins when they first stared crawling -LRB- 8 mos -RRB- because I noticed the were trying to get into small enclosed spaces and hang out . -LRB- under the table , in the closet , in an empty box , etc. -RRB- . I thought they would like a tunnel but tried this item b/c it had the tent too . They immediately loved both items , and still do now that they are 12 months . I expect that as long as it continues to hold up against them , they will get a lot more use of it over the next year.-the tunnel is not attached . It can be placed into one of the round windows of the tent or used separately.-easy to set up and take down as needed.-meant to be used indoors only.-tent has 2 small round entrances an 1 large flap entrance . - large enough to fit 2 kids up to 4 or 5 years old .
 We purchased this tent for our one year old son and he loved it . He loves sitting inside by himself and playing w/his toys , plus after a little coaxing , he now loves to crawl through the tunnel , as well . I think for the money , it 's a really nice addition to a child 's play area or room .
 Our one year old really enjoys this . We ended up disconnecting the tunnel , as it took up quite a bit of space . Though when we place it in another room , our son will sit and hang out in the tunnel . Many of his toys end up in the tent with him and we always enjoy the disembodied sounds .
 Got this for my daughter 's 2nd birthday - she immediately crawled right in . She loves to go through the tunnel and has little dinners for her dolls inside .
 Well made and easy to store in a small place . My grandson -LRB- and the cats -RRB- love the tunnel and play in the tent together - lots of fun !
 My daughter loves this . Very simple/basic design and materials make up this toy . Good value all around ...
 Gave it to our 4 year old and the 1 year old baby loved it too . It was easy to set up and the tunnel was easy to attach or not . Using it indoors for now .
 It does n't get any more fun for my 2 year old , I 'm 32 and I think I enjoy it as much or more than he does , I can not say how much this product was worth the purchase
 The tent - tunnel appears to be well built . The Grand kids 2 and 4 were taken by it . The tent has a bottom which will allow them to play outside and not get quite as covered by grass and dirt .
 We purchased this tent and tunnel after visiting our local children 's museum and seeing how much fun our 21 month old had playing in a similar tent . Both our kids , 7.5 years and 21 months , love the tent . It is super easy to put together and is big enough for all four of us to be in it at once . I 'm so glad we purchased the tent with the tunnel ... the tunnel is their favorite part . The best part for me is that it folds up easily and has a nice small bag that everything -LRB- except the tunnel -RRB- fits into .
 It worked perfectly on my Multiplex Merlin using a 450maH 11.1 v lipo.She 's still flying like brand new . No issues so far with this ESC .
 Needs figures to go with . Roof not very frontier looking . I am sure he will enjoy for a long time .
 We purchased these for our 4-year-old great-grandson for Christmas , and they turned out to be the &#34; hit &#34; of the day . He played with them non-stop for the 3 days he was here . We had hoped to get Lincoln Logs , but found these to be a very fine substitute , while also providing a lot more pieces for the money !
 I purchased this log building set for my grandson for Christmas . He is almost three and seemed to like the toy . I decided this would be a good choice since it was colored with vegetable coloring that is non-toxic ,
 I was a little worried about buying this because of the age range from the reviews , my son is 9 years old . But I bought it and he loves it , he uses it with his john deere logging equipment and builds a logging company . Great toy and it is made of real wood , not plastic .
 My son wanted Lincoln Logs but I could not see paying that much . The Frontier Logs were a great buy ! I got more logs for a lower price .
 I bought this product for my grandson . In this day of television and electronics it 's hard to find something creative that will occupy a child 's mind . He 's enjoying the Lincoln Logs as much as I did fifty years ago . Fast , excellent service from the selling business !
 This teepee was the perfect size for my 5 year-olds plastic indians . He loves it ! It folds up nicely for storage and easy to assemble . A great gift for children - almost impossible to break .
 These are just like Lincoln Logs . I do n't see why they would n't be interchangeable . This is always a good toy ; we build a vacation cabin for Little People or foam dinosaurs or whatever 's at hand .
 I bought 2 sets of these logs for two special boys this Christmas . I hope they will enjoy them as much as I did when I was their age !
 A great way to keep the child entertained in a constructive way -- by `` constructing '' a building , as depicted , or by using the logs to create his own dream house .
 What a great figure of a up and coming young superstar . too bad he plays for the lions . but hey they just might be a team on the rise just a couple more pieces to the puzzle for them . and Joey is the building block .
 My Son has totally enjoyed the remote control Avalanche . He was suprised Christmas morning to unwrap it . He loves the spinner wheels and the turning capability it has . The charging is easy and the battery lasts for a good while . The only thing we found that there are two stoppers on the bottom and they have to be removed with a screwdriver , this we did n't find in the instructions . Other than that the truck is great and we would recommend it to anyone .
 I would have loved to have given this toy 5 stars across the board , but would n't you think a classic American toy such as Frontier Logs made by Poof Slinky -LRB- in reality these are Lincoln Logs -RRB- would be made in America ? Unfortunately , no , they are made in China.That is my only complaint with this wonderful toy . My oldest child had a large set of lincoln logs that he loved when he was younger . I decided this Christmas to give a couple of sets to my six year old . It was a big hit , and lately she will play for hours with these.What sets Lincoln Logs -LRB- and K'nex , Play-doh , Tinkertoys , and Magnetix -RRB- apart from other mass marketed toys is that these help to develop your childs imagination . I found my daughter configuring her Lincoln Logs like a fine architect into various houses , schools , barns , and fences . As it states on the canister , `` Endless Building Possibilities '' . Lincoln Logs are a toy that every child should have . I 'm glad to see they 've gone back to real wood , I believe it deepens the experience to be building with real wood rather than plastic . For a while there in the early 90 's Lincoln Logs were surprisingly being made of plastic.I would recommend starting off with a couple of sets as you may find one set limits the building configurations .
 I read these reviews and saw the one about how these were poorly made and loose-fitting . Not so . We have built towers and castles and forts and thoroughly enjoyed them . If you are the sort who likes to build something out of these logs and then knock it down with a well placed bean bag , ping pong ball gun , or Nerf weapon , you 'll have a blast with this . I found another set at TJ Maxx and snapped it up , too . Now we can build something four feet high ! It 's such a better deal than Lincoln Logs . The key to enjoying this toy is having enough PIECES to build WHATEVER YOU WANT . Frontier Logs deliver .
 Just addressing the previous `` most helpful '' critical review when this orig review was written . These are made of Wood NOT plastic as stated . Perhaps it was the ` competition ' writing the negative review . It happens . I hate that when that happens , always have to second guess some people 's motives for reviews ... AND - It 's not JUST a log cabin your child -LRB- or you :-RRB- -RRB- are building . It 's so open ended . It 's a fort , a fortress , a prison , a castle ... It 's where all the little plastic people or soldiers play , or the plastic little jungle animals , & little cats & dogs have their kingdoms , domains , territories & battles -LRB- picture Erin Hunter 's Warrior series -RRB- ... At least it is in our house . Polly Pocket & little elves & fairies have even taken up residence in these cool abodes.These types of toys , the ones that are open ended in what a child can do w/them - encourage & foster imagination & creativity - a dying gift of childhood , more & more . We need the creative thinkers for tomorrow 's innovators !
 Gave to a 2 yr old boy for his birthday . He builds and builds for hours !
 This set combined with other sets , provides my son with hours of creative fun . I have found that to be able to build a variety of structures , it takes a total of about 350 pieces . So this was an addition to 2 other different sets already purchased .
 I did n't have any small people to buy these for this Christmas , but a couple will be of age next year and I will be very happy to help unleash their creativity then.The ones I grew up with had flat slats for roofs instead of the ones that are being sold nowadays . A pity because they were so , so , so useful . They could be made into fences , pathways , ramps and anything else that came to mind . Our Lincoln logs were used with Playmobil figures , Star Wars figures , hotweels cars , even Barbie had a real log cabin!Thats it . I 'm buying some for me !
 I wanted to get my 6 year old a set of Lincoln Logs this Christmas so I did some searching around to see if they were still readily available and if they had been modernized to an unrecognizable state . After comparing a few different brands and sets I settled on Poof Slinky Frontier Logs , even with the wacky name , based on multiple good comments in the feedback on the product.I am pleased with the selection and they definitely remind me of the Lincoln Logs that I grew up with . My son loved them and asks me to help build or see what he has built with them almost daily since.Final word , good product choice . I would suggest this to folks seeking the Lincoln Logs of the 70 's kids .
 Every bit as good as Lincoln Logs , and at a way better value ! Yes , kids CAN break them , but only if they 're playing with them like out-of-control beasts . These stand the test of time . Refreshing change of pace from the electronic , blinking , noise making , cheap -LRB- but expensive -RRB- plastic toys . It 's nice to buy toys that DO N'T do all the imagining FOR the kids . Too much built-in detail in most toys today teaches the kids to depend on OTHERS ' imaginations , and retards their OWN creativity and problem solving . two thumbs up for frontier logs .
 I received them for Christmas for my little boy and he loves them they are what I expected them to be.even my husband sits down and play with them.we were very satisfied . very durable and easy to set up .
 This was an addition to our current lincoln log set and integrated wonderfully although the color is different the peices all work together great . The kids now have more peices ! I wished it would have had more longer peices and roof peices , but all in all was great add on kit for great price !
 Our grandson loves to build with this set we recently got him . He became familiar with these at a hospital we visited . We saw he liked them . I have a Lincoln Log set when I was a child & incorporated along with other toys while playing which he seems to do on his own . it has a lot of the small log pieces , so I would recommend keeping everything together in the box when playing is finished so that the next time the child wants to play with it , it will all be there !
 I bought this for my grandchildren , two young boys . I am 63 so I did not really want to play with it . Infact , I sent tne 114 pc . back and ordered the 300 pc . They had a great time and it is quite entertaining . They built things for hours .
 Good value for what you get . Pieces seem strong and durable , but 2 or 3 of them are slightly damaged . It 's like corners were broken off on original cut or something , but they 're all smooth and do n't really affect the logs or the building fun . If I could rate 4 1/2 stars I 'd have done that because the `` damage '' really is n't much , but still warrants a non 5-star rating . Other than that , they 're just like the classic lincoln logs so no big surprises . Value seems really good to me , compared with other logs and also compared with what you 'd get for this price when buying some legos .
 These logs seem to be exactly the same as the ones I played with as a kid . I was pleasantly surprised as it 's pretty easy to expect quality to decline as manufacturers figure out new ways to cut corners/costs . I knocked off one star because I do n't like the roof eaves . It can be tricky to get the roof slats to fit properly and not slide off . I remember it being easier with the -LRB- egads ! -RRB- plastic ones I had .
 This was an absolute favorite for my kids . My daughter has been hounding me for some lincoln logs and now she has it . She was elated ! It is amazing how the kids imagination works , they built the house from the directions but decided to go their own route and built creative and imaginative new things . It kept them busy for hours !! It was great !! Poof Slinky Frontier Logs Building Set In Canister 114 Pieces
 I grew up with Lincoln Logs and these are a great replica from my childhood . They 're actually wood and not plastic like so many building blocks are . I 'm very happy with them .
 These logs bring back memories of my childhood . We played with them for hours and built all sorts of things . Now my grandchildren are having great fun creating some interesting looking structures . They will last a long time being so sturdy . I will probably buy more to give them even or options .
 When I ordered this chess set , I had in mind something bigger in size , so I was surprised when it turned out smaller than I had expected . But it also turned out to fit perfectly into a pouch in my backpack . I am really glad about that because I can move around with it without it taking any extra space . It is beautiful except that the magnets on the chessmen are slightly too weak . The chessmen tend to leave their positions with any jolt of the car . Apart from this , it is a perfect travelmate and could also serve as a wonderful gift to a friend !
 We bought the tepee because we were sick of looking at all the bright plastic toys in the house . We have three boys who love it , ranging in age from 3-9 . Everytime someone under 12 enters our house they head for the tepee . It is always a conversation piece for the adults . My three year old `` sneaks '' in to take a break from his brothers and catch a nap . This has been one thing we have n't regretted .
 When I first looked at this tent , I thought about how much fun it might be for my grand daughter , then I considered the price . Well , it turns out it was well worth the money . All of my grandchildren and the neighborhood children love it . My grand daughter decided to bring it inside for awhile , set it up in her room and now she sleeps in it every night ! It was a good choice .
 Our family has bee tipi camping for many years . We became involved during our son 's boy scout years . We attended many powwow 's and our kids partisipated in the Native American dance and in creating dance outfits . The kids are now grown up , and it was our desire to somehow share this with our grand kids who live 600 or so miles away . So , we sent them , -LRB- boy age 4 and girl age 7 -RRB- , this tipi for christmas and they are just crazy about it . It is not exactly authentic but still very nice quality , especially for a toy . It is also large enough that I expect they will enjoy for a long time .
 Bought this for my three year old grandson . He loves it ; plays in it ; naps in it and has great imaginary adventures . The only thing to watch for is climbing on it , not a good idea because it will tip over . All in all a very good buy .
 McFarlane keeps things consistant . The amazing detail that McFarlane & Co. put into each one of their action figures is simply astonishing . From grass stains to the wrinkles in a players uniform . It 's almost a 3-D slice of history . I feel bad for other companies that produce items such as this . Some of them these days are so articulated now . It 's almost painful to look at them . McFarlane produces pieces that are not meant to move -LRB- at least not much . -RRB- The companies pieces are meant to look at . Perhaps bring back some very good memories of a moment in time . Maybe someday I 'll have the chance to show this to my son and say `` I watched this man play . '' The one great thing about these figures is that they are not anonymous people -LRB- except SPAWN himself . -RRB- They are our sports heroes .
 I have three other action figures of Shaun , they are the same pose in different uniform combinations , mynewest one is a brand new pose and a new uniform to boot .
 Awesome realistic figure but i have opened 2 of them and both do not stand correctly.Still great for the in package collector !
 Do n't get me wrong , this item has great detail and is very realistic looking , Deuce McAlister is one of the leagues best but I do not recommend opening this figure , many people including myself have had problems with it standing properly.The figure itself looks great in package and if you decide to purchase it , keep it that way.Great looking figure but thumbs down to McFarlane on this one because yet again they are having problems with keeping the figures standing up straight .
 By its self , this deck is n't all that great , but it includes cards like magical cylinder and cemetery bomb which are great for any deck .
 Just an all around fun game to play . It may also improve your thought process by making you think of what card to play depending on what card your opponent may play .
 I bought these for my grandson who loves them ! He 's a video game fanatic but wanted to have some other activities and asked for these . They are great !
 NOT SO GOOD IN FACT THAT IS THAT CUE BECAUSE THEY SENT ME THE ERROR BY THIS MODEL -LRB- S-PJB3 -RRB- . THIS MODEL I LIKE A LOT FOR THAT IS SIMPLE AND VERY EFFECTIVE FOR BREAK
 I COMPLETELY AGREE WITH THE PREVIOUS REVIEWER THAT THIS SET IS WAYYYYYY OVER-PRICED . HOWEVER I THINK THE PRODUCT ITSELF IS VERY NICE AND DESERVES MORE THAN A 1-STAR RATING . I LOVE POLLY POCKET AND THE CONCEPT OF HER GETTING MARRIED NEVER EVEN CROSSED MY MIND UNTIL I SAW THIS PRODUCT HERE . THIS IS A VERY NICE SET !!!! AGAIN IT IS CERTAINLY NOT WORTH THE ASKING PRICE HERE BUT AT THE RIGHT PRICE I 'D SAY THIS SET IS A DEFINITE 5 . WHAT A COOL CONCEPT ! 5 STARS FOR THE PRODUCT , -50 STARS FOR THE OUTRAGEOUS PRICE . GET REAL PEOPLE ! THIS SET SHOULD NOT COST MORE THAN 15-20 DOLLARS . IF THAT .
 This rocking horse was easy to put together and is very sturdy . We hope to have this as a memento of our son 's childhood for a long time .
 We brought this 3months back , still this is the favourite one among 100 other toys . Good Quality and Balancing toy .
 Kid loves it . Horrible directions on putting it together . Old school does n't have to mean old instructions . They ought to number the parts . IT would make it easier . However , the grin on the kids face when going for that first ride makes it all worthwhile .
 My nephew loves his rocking horse ! It is sturdy and comfortable to ride . I would recommend to others ! great toy for boys or girls !
 This is indeed a great toy but I have to be honest , my son who was 2 when I bought it , never got into it . He would play with it occasionally for about 3-4 minutes then he was gone . The toy never to be touched again for a good while . Overall , I 'm satisfied with build quality .
 The rocking horse is a great toy for any child . But , buyer beware ... do not lift the rocking horse by the seat . If you do , the screw that holds it into place will pull out and tear the plastic insert . Thereby making it a safety hazard because the screw will no longer stay in place . My child lifts the seat often and the screw falls out . I am concerned that he may put it in his mouth and choke or swallow it . It 's very long .
 We purchased this for our son 's first birthday . We bought it in mind for a keepsake . It was very easy to put together and the instructions are very helpful with the illustrations . He loves it ! I think once he is tall enough to touch while sitting it will be even better .
 I gave this horse as a gift to a friend 's 2 year old grandson and it was the perfect gift to keep at Grandma and Granddad 's house . It was easy to put together and very durable . Not only does the two year old love it , but so does his 5 year old sister and 7 year old brother . You can not beat it for the price ! Even if you paid a lot more for it ! A fantastic value and a toy that will last for ages !
 I bought this rocking horse for my niece , and she adores it ! I love the beauty and durability of its classic wooden structure . It has one major flaw , however . It 's in the ` saddle ' , which is attached by two long wood screws that go up through a block into the bottom of the saddle . Unlike the rest of the horse , the base of the saddle is plastic . It did n't take very long at all for an industrious toddler to tear the saddle free . Fortunately , adults were watching and we retrieved the 2 '' sharp screws before she could play with them .
 We bought this horse for my daughter 's first birthday . While it was a bit too big for her then , now , at 18 months , she enjoys it a lot more . The horse is great looking and very classic . It is smaller than we expected , but the small size makes it great for keeping it out of the way . It was easy to assemble and is very sturdy . Our only complaint is that the plastic `` saddle '' is a bit hard and does n't look too comfortable . -LRB- Thank goodness diapers provide a little padding ! -RRB- We are sure our daughter will get many years of use out of the horse , or `` rocky '' as he has been named .
 My kids recived this for christmas so we have had it almost 5 months now . I has held up real well . Ours was a floor model that my mom purchesed , so Im sure its had lots of use and it looks great . Ive never had a problem with the ear , the ear is tiny and faces foward , I would have never thought of it as a hazard if I had n't read these reviews . My kids are 18 months and almost 3 and both of them use this with no problems.ETA
 No toy represents `` Americana '' more than the classic rocking horse . My son received it as a gift this Christmas and fell in love with it instantly.Admittedly , before I assembled it I was concerned about the quality . I have noticed that since Radio Flyer moved it production facilities to China that the quality of many of their other products has declined . However , in this case I was pleasantly surprised.The majority of the parts are solid hardwood -LRB- I believe to be Oak -RRB- . The paint was applied sufficiently and there is no danger of peeling . Assembly is very easy . A wrench is provided to tighten the nuts and bolts , you only need your own screwdriver.The seat is hard plastic and may not be the most comfortable however , earlier versions of this toy -LRB- like the one I had as a child -RRB- had a wooden seat which was not much better . To preserve the classic look , I feel this was a good solution.Overall , I feel this is a quality product that is a lot of fun for children . It is nice when a child can play with a toy that does require batteries .
 I got this for my daughter 's first birthday . It 's already a big hit . She ca n't quite use it by herself yet -LRB- I have to hold her hands for her -RRB- but she loves to just sit while I rock it for her.It is a bit of a pain to put together if you 're by yourself - if you have someone to help hold the bolts on , it 's no problem . If you 're by yourself , I recommending finding two long C-clamps , a Phillips instead of a flat-head screwdriver , and some masking tape . Put the bolts all the way through , then put two pieces of tape over them so they do n't fall out , and then clamp everything -LRB- leg , body , tail/head piece , body , other leg -RRB- together while you get the nuts on.I have no idea what the other reviewer is talking about when she said her toddler ripped the saddle off . I pulled as hard as I could and it did n't budge . The screws are good size wood-screws , they are n't going anywhere.It 's not quite as big as it looks in the picture , which is a plus if you 're getting it for a little kid - and bigger kids can just put their feet on the ground instead of the rails , so not really a negative.I am so thrilled to have such a quality rocking horse that I can use for all of my kids and hopefully some grandkids too .
 We gave this to our 21 month old for christmas and she absolutely loves it . It took me about 20 minutes to put together and it 's made of solid wood . I really belive this will be one of those toys that can be passed down to her kids one day .
 I bought this for my son -LRB- 15 months old -RRB- for Christmas and he loves it ! It is very good quality and already I can see it will become a family heirloom .
 I ordered this oil to replace the stock shock oil in an ElectrixRC Circuit stadium truck.The product is GREAT . The weight of the oil is perfect , it 's got a nice cap that stays shut , and it 's easy to pour it into the shocks.What I like the most is the tip . The oil kind of comes out of the tip , but then there 's another part on top of that which the oil slowly drips down before it falls into the shock . It makes it very precise , and the oil ONLY goes where you want it to . Really helped eliminate any mess.Overall , really happy with this product .
 its ok . some of the smaller pieces are easy to break . but my 3 yr old likes to play with it . he 's more interested in the construction vehicles than the play set .
 I have to say , I 'm really impressed with the quality of this ride-on toy . It 's incredibly solid ! It 's made of steel and feels really durable . My son loves riding on it , both independently by pushing along with his feet , and when I use the push bar , with his feet on the ingenious retractoble footrests . The push bar has four height adjustments to suit any size of adult who will push their kid on this toy . The horn makes a cute honking noise and the bell has a nice litling jingle sound.Thank you , Radio Flyer , for making a top-quality item like this !
 The little boy who collect everything Cars and knows every name.Bought this as a present for him.Now months later he still mentions me.Guess you can buy love !! from my girlfriend and her nephew.i 'm a hero
 Got for grandson who is a huge Cars movie fan . Being able to acquire some original Cars 1 replicas will make him happy .
 I ca n't say enough about these toys ! They are so nicely made and feel great in your hands . Small enough to carry around and big enough for little hands . Great quality , sturdy and superior look . Collectors are buying these up like hot cakes and ebay is living proof that people are willing to shell out the cash for these . Especially for the ones that are harder to find.People have written reviews on these that no stores carry them . They have been sold out because there has been a rush on these toys even before the movie release . Hopefully as time goes on and if they keep producing them they will be easier to come by . That 's what I am hoping for . I do n't have all the characters yet and would like at least one of each for my son , maybe even more for collecting.Good luck on your search !
 This toy is so much fun ! Grabbing it displaces water in one end , which makes the tube slip back into itself and shoot out of your hand . I do n't know why such a simple toy is so entertaining . I bought one for myself because I thought it was so cool , so it 's not only a good gift for kids -- it 's fun for adults too ! This pearlized version is the prettiest by far . As you move the toy , the pearlescent stuff swirls around inside . You 'd think a toy like this would n't be too durable , but I had mine for a few years -LRB- till I lost it -RRB- , people played with it all the time , and it did n't leak or burst . Definitely a highly recommended toy .
 For a small simple toy it is very fun . Also it shipped extremely fast . It looks very pretty and is durable . The only downfall is that you ca n't pick the color you want . over all I would recommend it to any one 5 and up
 I love my blue wigglie ! I have had it for about 2 hours and NO damage has been done . I definately recommend this toy for children . I DO NOT like the fact that you ca n't pick your color . This is the prettiest wigglie I have EVER HAD !!! The pearl is amazing ! The blue is like an aqua color ! The shipping is really fast and the packaging is great !!!
 Like another reviewer said , rather than slipping out of itself and out of your hand like it 's supposed to , it stays in place . I do like the pearlescent look that swirls around though , and it still makes a decent squish toy for studying .
 I bought this as a fidget toy for sessions I run at work . It does the trick . I 'm not sure how long it will last .
 I gave this Rubik 's cube for a Christmas gift to a colleague that also grew up in Boston . I would love to say it 's a great toy , however , he loved it so much , he is afraid to use it ! He does n't want to mess up the Boston design on it ! I know that Rubik 's cubes are exceptional for children to learn motor skills and reasoning skills ... but you have to be willing to actually use it ! This is a great gift for that sports fan on your list !
 Bought this for my son-in-law for Christmas . . he loves it . . one of those busy adult toys . Nice to see the Red Sox on it !
 I think this toy is very good cause really it 's like a replica model . And the customer service is excellent cause I was expecting it to come within a week but with this guy you have a trustworthy person and ships the Item when you order it .
 The item is just as expected and advertised - The Star Trek the Next Generation Romulan Warbird was released in about 1996 and I was pleased to see how well this one made it through the years . I popped some new batteries in it and it worked perfectly . I 'm very pleased with both the product and the seller - I received the item within 4 days of placing the order , I would n't hesitate to order from this seller again .
 Great detail for a toy . I loved having this , plus the Enterprise-D and Klingon Cruiser , when I was younger to recreate battle scenes . It 's a bit small relative to the Enterprise-D , especially since it 's supposed to be larger . Nonetheless , the design is great.Sadly , this ship was one of the few Playmates non-Enterprise Star Trek ships . Hopefully one day they make more .
 The Romulans are a proud people , if they knew I had a replica of ne of their ships , they might be flattered , right before they execute me for spying on them , Just kidding , It 's starting to become a hobby of mine to collect Star Trek Merchandise .
 We ordered the Romulan Warbird from Snow Leopard , and we were extremely satisfied with the prompt shipping and the condition of the toy . The free gifts included were a nice touch as well . It 's nice to order from someone reliable . 5 stars !!!
 This statue is an amazing piece . The level of detail and craftsmanship is top notch . I 'm glad I was able to pick up this piece while it was still available . I 'm kicking myself for missing out on the Skeletor statue that was available a couple years ago .
 This game plays well with any number of players . Having an even number is fun because then you have partners . Partners can swap locomotives making for some fun and frustration -LRB- when your partner does n't do what you think they should -RRB- . this game plays well and is easy to understand .
 this is a great package to pick up for the hardcore childhood GI JOE fan like me , or great for a JOE fan bridging the gap to a younger generation.Make no mistake , GI JOES are the substitute of choice for the long overdue and tired green army man , and its good to see these vanguard action figures from the eighties making a return just in time for the next generation of boys to play with.whats great about these guys in particular is that they all look like normal everyday army men , with the same uniform and gear , as opposed to the traditional GI JOE rule of every man being a combat specialist and having a radically different look to his gear.this uniformity is comfortable and fantastic for a military family raising kids on base , as it provides alot of familiarity with the real military environment that they might not get from the normal 80s ` lone wolf ' GI JOES.the joes themselves have their skin and hair colored differently to represent a handful of different ethnicities .
 How many times have you read the comics or seen the old tv show and seen about a load of these guys just running around ? Almost everytime they were in the background somewhere . Well now we can give the GI Joe team the backup they need . You get 6 greenshirts that each has a different military specialty -LRB- no none of them are on KP duty either -RRB- . Now there are some good things and some bad things about the set that kinda throws you off . First I have to throw this part in there because in a way , it annoys me but I guess its not too bad . Ok if you look at the picture of the figures you 'll see 2 dark figures that look identical , as well as 2 other figures sharing the same mold , one with red hair and the other with brown hair . The other 2 figures are a black haired guy with a mustache and a blonde guy . Well first off if you tried to compare these guys to the filecards on the back you ca n't since all the guys on the filecards are clean shaven and have helmets covering their hair color -LRB- funny thing is if you look real close to the file cards , 2 of the guys appaer to be blonde with the hair you barely see -RRB- . It only annoys me cause we have a marksman , communications , vehical , counter intelligence , heavy weapons , and infantry specialist that I have no idea which guy they go to . Though I made up my mind who is who -LRB- blonde is leader of this group while the 2 dark guys are twins -RRB- other people might want to know a bit about them . You can put on the filecard a code name for these guys , but as I said earlier , hard to match up filecards and figures . My other gripe is that one of these guys is suppose to be a communications specialist but there is no computer or any telecommunications equipment here at all . You do get those is all the guys in basic green with the same helmets , same standard backpack , all 6 with the same rifle and a bunch of other weapons . Yeah I know I put this set down a bit , but those do n't matter since this set is still a winner with the load of weapons , endless possibilities for these guys , plus a customizers dreams since you can replace heads if you do n't want the same guys or even paint these guys cobra blue and make them Cobra troops -LRB- which i started doing to one set I have and they look great -RRB- . Definately check this set out and get your hands on it before they are gone !
 This is a real american hero toy . Valor vs. Venom green shirt infantry division 6-pack . the set comes with six different action figures from all races of people . Weapons and accessories are very abundant with this set . For example , every soilder in this set comes with a green helmet , black rifle , back pack , figure stand for the figure to be displayed . in addtion to that , there is `` addition weapons for these green shirt guys to use as well '' or you may want to `` arm some of your action figurs laying around with some of these `` spare weapons '' . To make them more interesting , you can take the heads off the body and put them on other bodies of the green shirts or spare joes laying around.the possiblities with these action figures seems endless . a child or colletor alike can never truly get bored with them . now that is impressive . The action figures are fully articulated.file cards come with them that talks about the figure . what makes this set quite unique , you can assign a name to each one of these green shirt gi joe soilders . Unlike the other gi joes that have names to them , these really do n't have any so , it is up to the colletor to assign names to them that 's neat ! . The set really can relate to all races that have fought and died in the armed forces of gi joe . Now that in itself makes the toy educational.So it really is teaching the children something as well . this is one of the most impressive sets they have made to date . I would highly recommend it . the child is not only playing with toys he or she is being educated as well . Now that is a great toy A + for this toy
 As a fan of the old 80 's Joe cartoon , I can recall hordes of these ` Green Shrirts ' running around in the background . Finally , Hasbro has given the backbone rank-and-file their own figures.On the whole , these six figures are much like any of the others being put out today in the Valor vs. Venom and the new Real American Hero lines in terms of quality . In other words , they are more likely than any other 3 3/4 inch figure to hold up to years of harsh play.As for uniqueness , I 'd have liked to see a bit more variety and new equipment . 90 % of the weapons in this set are repros from the 80 's line - there are only 2 new weapons that I could determine . Even the backpacks are copies and the body molds appear to be retreads as well . However , the head sculpts are new and the helmets , as best as I can tell , are new . One major knock
 THis new GIJOE 6 pack of figures is splendid ... I have n't picked it up from toys r us or got it on EBAY yet but I have all of the other ones since Hasbro started releasing these in 2002 . -LRB- ... -RRB- I love GIJOE and have been a fan and have hundreds of 80 's and 90 's figures in my collection ... AND I AM OVER 13THANKSJEROD < end of the brainwashers >
 I ordered this for my 4 year-old who was showing an interest in outer space and astronauts , etc. . He enjoys showing the set to the neighbor kids , and their parents . The details are fabulous for such an inexpensive toy as this . However , I have two HUGE GRIPES , but would still recommend this toy for purchase . First , the pieces are NOT TO SCALE . So from an educational standpoint , I 'm still having trouble trying to explain that the 4 astronauts included -LRB- approx . 1 '' tall each -RRB- actually sat in the service , command and lunar modules -LRB- approx . 1-2 '' tall each -RRB- , and the modules were actually inside the tip of the Saturn V rocket -LRB- approx 1/4 '' space in a 5 '' rocket -RRB- . There is a separate command module piece that 's about the size of a 2-liter soda bottle cap , and this is bigger than the command module attached to the servide module in another piece . The communications center truck is bigger than the space shuttle , but the shuttle does sit on the Boeing 747 -LRB- ? -RRB- , but does n't snap on so the shuttle falls off `` in flight , '' and the two booster rockets and orange external fuel tank for the shuttle are not included . You get the idea ... Secondly , there was NO GUIDE BOOK included to explain what each piece is !! So growing up during the manned space flights program , I had to rely on my memory for what piece was what , and I must say , I did damn good . I then ordered -LSB- ASIN :0753451336 The Best Book of Spaceships -RSB- and that finally helped in validating my explanations . We promised to visit Cape Canaveral one day so that my son can see how big some of these items really were . The pieces are somewhat fragile , so if your child likes to manhandle toys , I 'd probably order something more durable . But my 4 yr-old has n't broken or lost anything -- yet , after nearly a month .
 My grandson wants to be an astronaut when he grows up , he 's 5 now . This is a great toy for imagining that . It 's metal , not plastic ! Very authentic in the reproduction of the space craft , etc. .
 We 've bought two of these sets in the last two years . My now 4yro loves space and adores the accuracy of this set . They only drawback is that it really is n't that durable -LRB- not designed for preschoolers obviously -RRB- , hence our need for another set . We 've ordered several space sets and this one is his favorite . He loves how the pieces connect together accurately . It 's a great buy .
 I try to come up with a theme for Christmas presents whenever I can . We really enjoyed the `` Space '' theme and spent hours and hours playing together . My grandson wanted me to play with him with his space toys . We fixed up a pizza board to look like the surface of the moon . We definitely got our money 's worth out of this project . I wish they were all this easy to create and enjoy.Looking for the next theme !
 Large Space Mission Set , 20 piece with Shuttle and VehiclesMy 4-year-old grandson is very interested in space activities , so I got him this set for his birthday . His -LRB- dictated -RRB- thank-you note to me says `` I play with it every day '' . However , the set lacks any insert that would give some information about the pieces . Following the lead of another reviewer , I ordered a children 's space book to accompany the gift ; but after several weeks , it still seems to be back ordered .
 I was very happy that Amazon has Barney toys . My daughter loves Barney and all the characters and you can not find many toys in the stores so it was nice to get her something she really wanted and have it delivered to our door . It was a little expensive for the size , but she still loved it so it was worth it .
 for a used item no longer available new , it was in good shape except the music box inside . I put new batteries in it and it was barely audible through the toy , so i just took it out and it made a cute stuffed animal that my granddaughter loves .
 For Childeren into the Barny Phenomenom this is a great durable toy my niece loved it .
 My one-year-old grandchildren are crazy about Barney and gang , and are alloted one viewing a day before bed time . In the meanwhile , they hug their Barney and Baby Bop dolls and play with them throughout their day , and while they listen to tapes . They LOVE them . They enjoy making them sing and just hugging them .
 This game is loads of cutthroat fun for semi-mature players . Whether someone is doing his/her best impersonation of Marlon Brando in his Godfather role , is desperately trying to protect the not-so-lucky `` Lucky '' Lucziano or is randomly penalizing others for imagined slights to his/her Moran Gang , it 's always a blast . Here you 'll find a constant barrage of contracts to exterminate your enemies , a healthy dose of backstabbing and a good sampling of weaseling out the very quiet but very powerful player . It 's not really a game for your dates ... unless neither of you mind having contracts placed on your hide by the other . Overall , the game is fast-paced , well-designed and just plain fun . I would recommend it to any group of semi-mature individuals bent on vengeance against one another .
 Mayfair Games has repackaged their classic card game of rival gangsters in a new and smaller package -LRB- just big enough to hold the cards -RRB- . This is good for making transport easier but takes away a little of the fun of the original packaging . No longer do gangsters get lined up against the side of the box that looks like a bullet-riddled wall . The discard holder is no longer labeled RIP . But none of this actually changes how the game is played.Each player -LRB- up to six -RRB- begins with a mob of their own . Each mob is represented by real-life gangsters . Mobs include the Capone mob , New York Mob , Moran Gang , Purple Gang and others . There are nine gangsters in each mob . Players take turns playing cards such as Contracts to put other rival mob members in jeopardy . Gangsters get lined up against the wall . When enough are there , a mob war starts and they are removed from the game on by one . There are cards that will get you away from the wall as well as ones that prevent you from going . But in the end it is the mob that still has at least one active member that wins the game.This is another fast and fun card game . Play is very similar to Car Wars The Card Game wherein players attack one another in the hopes of doing a certain amount of accumulated damage . Contracts can be thwarted , the St. Valentine 's Day Massacre can be visited upon those against the wall and all sorts of other variations . Fun for everyone and very easy to learn . Check it out .
 This Game is lots of fun . I bought it to play with my family over the X-mass holiday . The only down side is that the cards do n't say what they do on them , you have to look them up in the book which comes with the game . This makes for slow game play at first . However , there are 2 different versions of this game available , and the collectors edition has printed what the cards do right on the cards , plus the art work on the cards is much nicer . I highly recommend getting the collectors edition , it 's worth the extra couple of bucks .
 We took this on vacation this past July , and it was a big hit!My husband is Italian , and he loves the `` Godfather '' movies . This card game makes YOU the Godfather of your mafia family . We felt like a member of the `` Soprano 's '' instantly ! Ordering hits , making deals , being secret informants - totally fun and easy to learn.We did ' t let the kids join in - even fake murder and `` hits '' were n't appropriate for their age groups -LRB- ranged from 6 to 10 -RRB- . So we ended up playing this nearly every night , with lots of laughter , after the kids had gone to bed .
 If you are looking for a party game that is easy to learn , full of strategy and has a high replay value Family business is for you.You play the head of one of 6 different Mobs , from Al Capone 's mob , to the bank robbers to the New York Gang . The object of the game is simple , eliminate all other players and gangmembers to become Capo di tutti capi.You accomplish this by putting out contracts on other players gang members , successful contracts add mobsters to the wall , once 6 gangsters are on the wall the gang war and the funerals begin.However there are several twists , Family influence can keep your mobster safe , Mob Power can be so strong that your contract can be turned on your men . Federal Crackdowns can stop your activity and other special cards can start the mob war when not expected.The biggest twist are the defensive cards . When a defensive card is successfully played the turn order is altered and the player of the defensive card becomes the current player . This can mean you can wait a VERY long time for you next turn and that killer card you have in your hand might never be played.An unwritten tradition of the game is the winner as the head mobster is the official target of the next game and must be targeted by all players until eliminated . This adds to the replay value particularly with a large group.This game is a winner that you will have fun with for years , buy it .
 Nearly 20 years ago we got this based on the advise from our local game shop . He said it was a great game to play before our entire D&D group arrived . He was right , and we still play it to this day . The only complaint we had was that you went through the play deck too quickly since we always played with a full group of 6 . So we eventually bought another copy , removed the extra `` hit '' and `` St. Valentines Day '' cards so that there was only one of each and just a few of the `` normal contracts '' . Otherwise we left it all the same . This added greatly to the play . As other reviews have stated , this game creates fun loyalties and grudges that extend from one play to the next . I just ca n't say enough about how it has been the best game we 've ever played to just past time ! If you get it , you wo n't be sorry .
 Family Business was the most fun ever . Okay , that 's an overstatement , however I do have to say it was the most consistent fun and did n't hurt the brain . Alliances were formed and broken as players sought strong positions and attempted to weaken strong adversaries or to quickly take out the weakest . The first time I played it was - let 's just say - several years ago , in high school . A friend bought it and a bunch of us gathered around and played . Even when you lost the game was fun , but look out if you won - the rematch would usually -LRB- not always -RRB- find every other player ganging up to take you out first.After just one night , people would have their favorite gangs and `` grudges '' would carry over from night to night . In most cases we were co-ed , the simple rule among the gentlemen was to not attack their girlfriend until she landed the first jab ; then all bets were off.I have been looking for a replacement set for a few years . It is a great party game - one that is easily picked up and hard to put down . Strategy and tactics do come into play , though as often as not it comes down to laying low and playing your cards right . If you 've been marked by a grudge because you won the last round or were perceived to be the big winner the time before , you might as well have fun going out quick.The games are fast and furious , loaded with good memories .
 This game is alot of fun . You really want at least 3-6 people to play . It 's pretty addictive
 If you are considering a fun game , get this one . It is fun from the start , and as you continue to play and understand the cards more , it brings in a real level of skill too !
 I just played this game with some friends last night , and we had a fantastic time . Lots of fun for the $ . Just a low tech card game with a mob twist . Complicated enough to be interesting , but not so complicated as to be confusing . Even the average time of play seemed just right . It is portable so fun for the beach , trips , etc.As an elementary school teacher , I think it is important to point out that this is NOT SUITABLE FOR 8 YEAR OLDS . Players put mobsters on a hit list , start mob wars and vendettas , and the last player with a mobster not murdered is the winner . I know , I know , Clue is about a murder too , but in Clue the players do n't actively kill . They figure out who the guilty party is.If this were a video game it would definitely not be E for everyone .
 This addictive game is great for beach vacations , cold nights , or any time your family/friends get together . Good quality cards and accessories , good graphics .
 Product was fine but box was a little wore.Would like for the box to look brand new.Product was as described .
 If your a big Pirates of The Caribbean fan , this action figure is a must have ! Great lookalike , excellent details especially the outfit ! The hat should be included in the set/the one I purchased had it ! It would of been awesome if the hanging key and pipe were also included with the character , but not . Anyhow , this POC 2 version of the infamous Davy Jones is still worth getting if still available ? A worthy treasure to search for , SAVY !
 I have a railroad in the backyard , around the pool actually , and it 's the same gauge as the Playmobil trains and cars . I 've bought them before and they last forever , even when you leave them outside all the time , as I do . This one has an improved coupler that needs no springs and that means it will last years and years . I will buy the rest of the cars in the coming weeks , including the passenger coaches to go with my European locomotives.Delivery was a little longer than expected but I was anxious to get my new car so it 's probably fine . Service was excellent otherwise .
 We were given this game as a gift and were so addicted we purchased the board game version which is even more fun -LRB- but better for 3 + players -RRB- . Anyone who visits at our house gets hooked as well . The card game is good for 2 players and makes a good gift at about $ 15-20 , the board game is more like $ 30-40 . We have also invested in some of the expansion sets and a computer version . Do n't let the rules bog you down in the begining , you will enjoy this game !
 My husband and I LOVE games and bought Settlers of Catan , only to realize too late it requires at least 3 players . Bummer . So we tried this card game version and are totally hooked . We ca n't compare it to the board game -LRB- since we 've yet to play it -RRB- but we ca n't stop playing this game . It does take some table room , but not a lot more than the board game , as one reviewer complained . I agree that there are some gaps in the rules , but we 've had no problem coming up with what would be reasonable solutions . And I agree with the reviewer who said it 's bad for your marriage - we 've been known to stop speaking to each other over a well-timed Spy card or a vicious Brigand attack . The best thing about this game , however , is that it is the perfect combination of stratgey and luck . You can not win without both , which makes for a great game .
 Amazing game ! As good as the board game . Definitely recommend . I bought this as a gift because I love the board game but this only requires two people . Although it requires a lot of table space it is well worth it .
 This game is highly addictive . I got this for Christmas and we played it non-stop for the whole weekend . Many different cards and ways to gain points make this game a little more complex than the board game . After playing it a couple times , you get the hang of strategies needed to win and can pick it up pretty easily .
 My wife and I bought this game before we went on vacation at the recommendation of a few friends who are Settlers of Catan board game nuts . We both tried to play the board game with only 2 players and it was n't much fun , so we decided to try the card game . We were not disappointed . It is the perfect game for 2 players -LRB- you ca n't play with more anyway -RRB- , and it does n't drag out for hours upon hours like some Settlers games can take . On our vacation , my wife and I would play every day while our daughters would nap . Be warned , even though it is a card game , it takes up just as much table space , if not more , as the board game does .
 A fun two player game . It helps if you have played Settlers of Catan in the past , as far as understanding the rules and concepts . It is a good 2 player variation of the original game , of which I have all of the expansions , and frequently play with my friends . I may buy a second copy , in an attempt to modify it into a 4 player game .
 As creative as the original Catan game , but you can play the card version with just two players . There is one number dice and one event dice . Rolls determine the resources you get . Instead of holding resource cards , you rotate them on the board to count how much you have . So there is an upper limit of only three counts per resource . Forces you to use up resources to build something . I would have liked rotating cards rather than turning the cards - sometimes , it gets messy . Nice additions such as city extensions are customized to this game specifically . Very entertaining !
 Settlers of Catan Card Game is a great addition to the Catan World . Limited to two players , it pits you against each other without wanting to kill the other player for building a settlement on your longest road or getting to your next placement spot before you do . You each are working on your own province and it is more a race to the finish instead of trying to block each other 's move . Definitely a better game for spousal peace and harmony : -RRB-
 I love this game.i 'm addicted to it.Strategy game that makes you think about your own life strategy : -RRB-
 This card-based version of the Catan game is a lot of fun . Part of the fun is figuring out the best strategy to use and trying out different strategies . The game is very replayable and great if you want the Settlers of Catan experience with only two players . The materials are high quality and the instructions are easy to follow .
 First and foremost , the Catan card game is a game that I , as only a semi-fan of the other Settlers games , really love ! My husband 's a huge Settler 's fan -LRB- he has them all -RRB- and he loves the card game too.What I like :1 . The card game does n't seem to take as long to play as the regular games .2 . The card game is set up so that you receive at least one resource on every roll -LRB- that is huge for me , b/c in the other games , I get really grumpy when I have a run of `` bad luck '' i.e. no resources for a couple turns ... haha -RRB- .3 . There 's a wider variety of buildings you can build , as well as more `` action '' cards , with new actions that are n't in the other games , which , to me , makes it more interesting.Things to be aware of :1 . This is a 2-person game only , although I 've heard that you can buy an expansion set for it .2 . Even though this is a card game , you need a large space to play this game -LRB- even a little larger than regular Settlers , I think maybe -RRB- . We spread out over our whole dining room table when we play .3 . There 's a few guidelines that are different from the regular game -LRB- like the fact that it takes TWO bricks and a wood to build a road , instead of ONE brick and a wood , there 's others but I ca n't remember them at the moment -RRB- . So , overall , love this game ! My husband does n't have to beg me to play it , like he does with Settlers , Seafarers and Cities and Knights . Perfect for Settlers fanatics and casual players alike .
 If you crave settlers and have a hard time finding others to play with , this downgraded version is sure curve your fix . Do n't get me wrong ... this is no substitute for the real game ... you 're better off going to http://games.asobrain.com/ and playing the knock off free version called `` Xplorers '' but this game will definitely satisfy . Have fun !
 Overall , this is a fun game for two players . It has some differences from Setters of Catan and even some elements of the Cities and Knights expansion . It also has some similaritis with San Juan , the card game version of Puerto Rico . The first time we played it took a little while to learn the rules , but the second game went much quicker . It does take a lot of floor/table space to play , but is easy to set up and clean up since there are not lots of little playing pieces . The playing pieces are just cards , two dice , a windmill token , and a knight token . There is some chance in the game from the dice rolls , and then you must use strategy to plan and play .
 My wife and I received this game for Christmas last year . Here it is almost a year later and we never played . We both love Settlers of Catan but find it challenging to find that third or fourth person . The card game fills the void wonderfully.We were surprised by how much room you need to play the game . I find that the pace of our games tend to be pretty fast . There is little down time with the two of us playing . Having said that the game still takes 1 to 2 hours to complete . The variety in cards and methods of winning keeps the game fun and challenging.If you enjoy the SoC experience you will certainly enjoy the card game . A great game when you just ca n't find that third person !
 When I ordered the card game , I was hoping it would be like the standard board game . This is not the case . Initially my fiance and I were n't entirely sure we enjoyed the game but having played it a few times , we 're hooked!An average game seems to take about 75 minutes to complete . I still have yet to win a game as I seem to be too caught up in the newness of the game to be concerned with strategy -LRB- at least that 's what I 'm telling myself ! -RRB- . In terms of fun , I still prefer the board game but the card game is a nice alternative when you 're lacking a third player .
 I really enjoy playing this game . It is a little different from the original board game in that there is more luck involved . Also , it does n't take an hour to play , as it states on the box ; it 's more like 2 hours or even 2 1/2 . But if youy have a friend and a free afternoon , it 's a great game .
 I love this game ! My husband and I actually choose to stay in on a Friday night to play it . It 's also a great alternative to sacking out in front of the tube . The only problem is , I have yet to win a game !
 This is a game which was originally published in Germany as Die Siedler von Catan , where it has sold several million units and has many expansions and variants available . In fact , I am told that this game is the -LRB- worldwide -RRB- 3rd best selling game of the last decade . It 's really a shame it has n't really quite reached the American mass market.It 's a game about building and trade . Each player builds settlements that can produce some of the 5 resources - Ore , Wheat , Wool , Wood , and Bricks - which can then be used to build roads and more settlements to expand your kingdom or upgrade your settlements to cities to increase their production . The thing that really makes the game is that there is always a hot commodities market , with players trading to trade resources they do n't need in exchange for those that are more useful for their game strategy ; each resource is useful in different combinations for building different things.This is a pretty simple game that even younger kids should be able to handle . Anybody who can play Monopoly can play this game , and believe me , they 'll have a much better time with the Settlers of Catan -LRB- you can even buy an expansion to handle up to 6 players -RRB- . A lot of people I know are somewhat daunted by this game because even though it 's very straightforward , it 's a bit different from your average American game . I speculate that the reason for this is that the Germans have a thriving mass game market , with several competing companies , while the US mass board game market is essentially monopolized by a single company , Hasbro . So while we are busy playing various Monopoly knock-offs , the Germans have benefitted from tremendous development . In terms of family entertainment , the rather small amount of effort it will take to embrace the Settlers of Catan will be well spent . And if you like it , it 's just the tip of the iceberg .
 This is a wonderfully balanced card game . Too often games these days seem to encourage finding that one strategy or that one `` card '' or `` position '' that wins every time ; this seems to be particularly true of video games . The Settlers of Catan card game seems to be relatively free of this . It is true that if you can `` memorize '' what cards are in what piles you can gain a kind of advantage . But there is n't a single card , or even set of cards , that gaurantee victory each and every time.My friends and I played the Settlers of Catan and the Starfarers board games , and the associated expansions , for a couple of years before I decided to try the card game . I 'm a gamer and I could never get my wife to play video games . But she took to this game immediately and we 've expanded our collection to include the expansion and several other similar card games.There are similarities to the Settlers of Catan board game , but there are alot of differences as well . The rules are relatively simple and easy to learn . If you 've played any Mayfair game chances are you 'll understand the rules pretty well after one game . If you are new to this type of game it might take a couple of trys to learn the rules.The basic premise of the game is to build a principality and in the process be the first to reach 12 victory points . You can either chose to expand your principality by building more villages or by improving it with cities and associated buildings . Buildings and improvements are built by gathering the necessary resources of brick , wood , wool , and grain ; gold serves a kind of commodity that you can trade for other resources . Various improvements e.g. fleets make trading for other resources more efficient or can even double your land production . Each games takes an hour or two to complete and * alot * of table space .
 This is a great game for two players -LRB- and two players only -RRB- . The first one or two times I played , it was very , very slowgoing because there is a lot to take in . However , once you adapt to the numerous cards and they become familiar to you , games tend to take about an hour . It 's a fairly involved game , so you have to be in the mood for that . There 's a lot of strategy and many ways to win . I greatly recommend it for those who already enjoy playing games . It might be daunting for a really casual gamer , though . If you like it , there are now expansion sets available that add lots of spice and variety to the original .
 I just went and bought the expansion card set -LRB- five new themes ! -RRB- and am looking forward to adding these cards into the basic game . A kid at the local game store told me about the board game , but I was looking for a two-person game that I could take on vacation with me & my fiance to Paris . It 's a very compact game to pack , but do n't try & play it on a plane as space is required to set up the cards . A bed , floor , or table is perfect . Anyhow , this game is a lot of fun and allows various defensive & offensive strategies to be tested -LRB- i.e. build knight strength & / or commercial enterprise , build towns & cities , use spies or libraries etc. -RRB- , includes some luck , and a good memory . Each game I 've played has been pretty close , and so it retains its value over time . It takes up at least two or so hours , but the time limit can be adjusted by limiting the victory point total . All in all , a great alternative way to spend an evening at home , or abroad late into the night with your significant other hiding out from nasty -LRB- dollar-euro -RRB- exchange rates !
 We 're avid Settlers of Catan board game fans , but always need to find a third person outside of our family to play . Designed for two players , this card game solves the problem . Once you work your way through the not very clear rule book , it 's lots of fun pitting your strategy and luck against your opponent 's to try and expand your medieval principality to gain 12 victory points to win . The small square cards are designed in vivid color and detail that add sparkle and interest to the game . There are enough devious maneuvers to keep the most avid gamer happy as well as the casual once-in-a-while family player . This is not a quick game . The card game can take several hours to play because it is hard to acquire sufficient `` resources '' , needed to put into play other cards that will get you to your end goal . In other words , a great game for a lazy afternoon .
 I am brand new to the Catan series of games . I picked this up while visiting the Mall of America with my wife . My wife and I are always looking for board games and the like to play together . The problem is I am very competitive , and whereas I like to win , I have a hard time beating up on my wife!To explain better - two player games pretty much mean one person beats the other . A lot of card games or board games do this by players attacking each other . Chess , checkers - to name the easy ones , also games like Stratego , Monopoly - all pretty much focus on one player beating the other.Catan gives a different feel . In Catan , the actions of one player affect BOTH players - `` event dice '' rolled at the beginning of each players turn affects both players . `` Event cards '' selected by each player do the same . In fact , very few actions performed by a player are done with negative effects to their opponent and positive effects to themself . Some cards can be played to protect the card holder from an action done by the event cards or dice , which leaves the other player to fend for themselves - but this never feels like you 're attacking each other . In addition , the `` knights '' that you can place in your settlements and cities never actually fight each other . Tournaments will sometimes take place , awarding the player with the stronger presence of knights , but again - player one never attacks player two , or vice versa.All this results in a game that acts as more of a race than a battle . Who can build their civilization into the bigger one sooner ? A lot of it is luck of the roll , but there is also a LOT of strategy , especially regarding use of resources . You can buy your way out of a lot of problems , provided you 've managed your resources wisely.As an experienced gamer -LRB- I have played similar games such as Magic and Star Trek : CCG -RRB- I felt that the learning curve to this game was very easy . I had no problem understanding the requirements , order of play , or methods . My wife was a little more challenged - she 's not familiar with games like this . Still she picked it up and I 'm sure that after a nice , long game , it 'll become more second-nature to her . The best part was that we were able to help each other by trading resources , and it never felt like we were giving up the game . It felt much less cut-throat than other games we 've played , and made it much more fun.I think my wife and I have found something that we can enjoy competing with . I recommend this to anyone trying to do the same . Lastly , though this game has some of the feel of Magic - multiple draw piles , unusual dice - it is not a `` collectible '' card game , meaning that one box gives you all the options the game allows and does n't require the purchase of booster decks , upgrade decks , etc. . There is an expansion pack which we have purchased but not-yet tried . This works the same however - one box is all you need . I had a few hundred dollars invested into the Star Trek Collectible Card Game and STILL did n't have every card ever created . I 've spent $ 45 on Catan and have it all !
 I started playing this game in it 's original German version . Which , went through some revision as the expansion decks were put out . As a result , the english version may end up being a little more together as you get the expansion decks . Talk about a wonderful game to play for two people ! It is absolutely well put together , though certainly different in playing than the boardgame version of Catan . It uses the same notions , but has a far more dynamic involvement within the game play itself . The expansion packs are absolutely great , and overall add lots of options and twists to the play of the game . IT takes a couple of hours , and a signicant amount of table space . It travels well enough in it 's box , but to actually play it you need time and lots of space.I highly recommend it , especially if you are only two people and looking for a game that you can play that is fun , involving , and certainly full of strategy . This is one of the many wonderful games made by Klaus Teuber , and I hope he keeps coming up with winners !
 This is the most fun and creative card game of it 's type I have ever played . This game is based far more on the historical Middle Ages than the typical , moronic fantasy card game . This game is also great because it is n't a `` you-have-to-buy - more-cards-to-be-any-good-at-it '' CCG , it is a stand alone product that is very fun to play . It is almost best described as a Medieval SimCity , where the goal is to develope your settlement into the biggest , most powerful settlement on the Island . Go out and buy it , now ! You wo n't regret it . The only downside is that you can only play it with two players -LRB- altough I 'm sure a creative game player could devise a multiplayer version -RRB- . I would even describe this game as being fairly educational .
 If you like the full Settler 's of Catan game you will love the card game . Same idea , slightly different rules . It is great to pass time in an airport.A friend told us it was bad for your marriage though and were they ever right . We hardly ever fight , but after a few hands of this game we are barely speaking . its still a great game , just be prepared to get pissed off at your opponent .
 Beware ! This is the 2-player version of this addictive game , the other one -LRB- for 3-6 players -RRB- is the board game.Last week I played this game for the first time at a friend 's . We are both game enthusiasts and she had told me some stories about it . It sounded pretty complicated and it is , but once you have dicovered the rules , it is real fun . You start with 2 villages and a road and the idea is to expand your territory by building new settlements , expanding settlements , protecting your crops etc.The game is far less complicated than all those far too complicated games which are now available on CD-rom and normally speaking you can finish a game in about 2 hours or so . It asks for stategic thinking , but also for a degree of luck because of the dices involved which may completely upset the game.Apart from the strategic thinking , you can also really upset the other person by attacking , stealing crops and buildings , which is just good fun and that is what playing games is all about . Another advantage is that the game box is not heavy and does not take a lot of space , so probably an excellent game to take with you on holiday to while away those long hot evenings . So all in all I can really recommend this game .
 The board game screaming out most for a computer game version . This game is addictive as heck , suggested for at least 3 players , but there are 2 player rules on the web . Be warned -- you 'll find yourself dishing out cash for the expansion sets !
 We bought this for our turning 2yr old , and he is a BIG kid . This is the perfect size climber for the toddler crowd , probably 1 1/2 to 4yrs if I gave my opinion . Its a fabulous size for indoor use -LRB- we put it in my son 's room -RRB- . The colors are great too ! Not bright , so it will blend in a little with the home decorating maybe . The colors are a little darker than pictured -LRB- a richer red , darker tan / brown arch , and the platform is darker green -RRB- . My son loves this thing , and is all over it ... quite acrobatic . Its great for motor development , and problem solving , and if you have a sensory seeking / hyper child like mine ... this more than serves its purpose . We are very pleased with this simple climber ... we love it and would recommend it to anyone !
 Our foster kids had hours and hours of fun on this climber . We set it up inside in the winter . It gave them a great outlet for their boundless energy . The climber is very sturdy and strong . One thing to keep in mind , though , if you assemble it in the house , is that it is held together with two plastic pins that in no way are designed to come out . And that makes it difficult to impossible to move between rooms .
 We were set on buying a Kangaroo Climber but then discovered that they do n't make them anymore . We thought we were `` settling '' for a Koala Climber instead . But I have absolutely no regrets about this purchase ! My 22 month son uses it every day . We keep it inside my mom 's house because she watches him everyday while I 'm at work.He slides , he throws balls/toys down the slide , we make forts with blankets , he hides under the platform area , he plays peekaboo in the circles on the side , he hangs off the arch in the front , we chase each other around it ... Agree with the previous reviewer that now that it 's put together with the two plastic pins , it 'll be hard to fit through a doorway to move outside or into another room.This is a simple , no frills climber . It 's the simple toys that I remember the most from my childhood and this one is looking to be a favorite for my son .
 I purchased this for my granddaughter 's first birthday . She absolutely loves it , as does her 4 1/2 year old sister . We added cushions to the back so she could climb to the platform . A single step on the back would be helpful to a child of this age . The slide is gentle and she is able to manage it well .
 I needed something to keep my 2 yr old son happy outside and this did the trick -LRB- although it would be a good indoor toy in the winter -RRB- The slide is just big enough and he uses the seat as a table for his trucks and other little things . Overall I 'm happy with this .
 I love this slide b/c my 15 month year old can go down the slide without being monitored . We have a small step stool in the back so he can climb up himself too . My 4 year old likes it too which is a bonus . It 's very easy to put together and is not that bulky . Perfect for rainy day play !
 I purchased these for my 12 yr old son who is a video game addict . Because he is only allowed limited time for video games , he 's read every book clean enough for him 15 billion times and he 's not the athletic type ... he really needed something else to get his attention . I had no idea how much fun the speed stacks would be -LRB- plus helping him out with coordination issues from prematurity -RRB- . He loves to challenge everyone with this game . He even took it on a retreat and the kids played on the fold down trays on the bus ! Big hit !!
 I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it ! It is a fun game to play against others or you can challenge yourself as well . My only complaint is that the carry bag that it comes with does not hold everything that the game comes with -LRB- it seems it was only meant to hold the cups and not the mat and scoring pad -RRB- .
 Kids enjoyed thed SpeedStack cups though they were a bit perplexed at first . The glow was nice and strong . However , I wanted to purchase more than one set with different colors for each set -LRB- so each kid would have their own color -RRB- , but this particular kit was only available in glow-in-the-dark from Amazon so I only ordered one -LRB- They 'll share for now . -RRB- . Also , the cups are $ 14 CHEAPER on the Speed-Stack company website . Their site was down the day I ordered due to gearing it up for the then-upcoming black Friday -LRB- 2011 -RRB- sale . I wanted to insure delivery before Christmas , so I ordered cups from Amazon instead of waiting for SpeedStack Cup website to come back online . If you want the cups , which I recommend , go to the company website and pay $ 14 LESS for them regular price -LRB- same kit package with varying color options -RRB- . Oh , S&H were about the same at either site .
 I watched youtube videos of people doing speed stacks , and I felt curious about it . In my country nobody practices it . I found that it 's fun and it 's addictive , you try to do faster than before . Sometimes it 's difficult because I have found that some people is annoyed by the sound of the cups , son I need to wait for the right moment to play . Nevertheless , it 's fun and it trains your eye-hands coordination .
 This is so fun to do with your kids . Get them off the TV and video games . amazing how fast their brains adjust and their skill improves . Mine did too .
 My 8 year old son absolutely loves this toy . His elementary school has a team and all of his buddies stack cups . Great for hand-eye coordination and friendly competition .
 I bought this for my son and daughter , ages 7 and 6 . They have had SO much fun trying new things and beating each other 's scores ! I see the price is quite a bit higher right now , but I agree , you need the mat and timer to get the full experience ! I 'm so glad I did n't just get the cups , case and DVD ! That honestly would have been disappointing . I limit video game and TV time so I am always looking for some good old-fashioned fun , and this toy fits the bill !! : - -RRB-
 My daughter was very happy to get this for her birthday ! She 's been wanting it but the whole set was more than I wanted to pay for it , so this was awesome !!
 This full set is the way to go , with the timer and stack pad it offers everything that your kid will want . Do n't just buy the cups and think they will be satisfied having the timer adds to my sons overall enjoyment and he has what he see 's on the internet sites so he feels he has what everyone else has.Lots of fun , good entertainment .
 The kids are having a ball trying to beat each other 's time . Plus their dexterity is improving and the contests at school are even more fun . Kind of gives them an advantage during competitions .
 Purchased these for my 10 yr old son . He love them . Great hit w/friends etc. . Great hand-eye coordination activity .
 Great ! I got this for my 10 year old son who typically is on his PSP as much as he can be . Since getting this , all he wants to do is STACK ! The DVD is a must , because it shows proper technique.Promotes good hand-eye-coordation and builds up speed .
 My grandchildren have loved the stackable cups and have spent hours `` practicing '' for their school cup stacking contests . I recommend these cups for any children who have a competitive nature . They will provide hours of entertainment .
 I bought a set of speed stacks for my children after they came home raving about this new game they are playing in phy ed . This is an awesome game for eye-hand coordination . My husband and I have also played with the kids and we also enjoy it .
 This toy is -LRB- 1 -RRB- educational , -LRB- 2 -RRB- fun , -LRB- 3 -RRB- compact to store , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- it will keep your kids entertained for hours . I purchased this for my six-year old twin daughters . They watched the training DVD in amazement . I showed them the clips of the world-record holders on my laptop . Once they had seen the possibilities , they started `` training '' to become as good as the record holder . Whenever friends visit they choose to play this game more than any other game they own -LRB- and they own many ... -RRB- .
 I bought this item for my 11 year old son for Christmas . I was amazed at how fast he could stack and un-stack these cups . Him and my daughter -LRB- age 15 -RRB- have competitions to see who can stack the fastest . It is a really great game to improve hand eye coordination .
 my child began playing these in gym and wanted a set for herself . She was very good at speed stacking .
 Absolutely love stacking cups . Everything came as promised and cup stacking is a fun way to pass the time
 My boys , 7 and 9 , were in the midst of a speed stacking unit in P.E. and participating in an after school stack club when they asked for their own sets of cups . After looking locally and finding nothing , I found the cups , complete with stack mat and timer , on Amazon for a very reasonable price . The boys were excited when their cups arrived and could n't wait to take them to their next club meeting . They 've also enjoyed putting on `` shows '' at home where they can show off their skills AND the glow-in-the dark feature .
 The ONLY reason i bought this product was for the timer that comes with it . I 'm really into solving rubik 's cube quickly -LRB- also known as speedcubing -RRB- so i bought this product just for the timer with it.It 's an easy to use timer that requires you to place both hands on the timer . The moment you remove one hand it starts timing you and when you return both hands back in place it stops . This makes timing myself extreamly easy.I have n't played with the cups at all cause it looks kinda gay to me but the cups feel pretty durable and difficult to break so thats good i guess . I really like the mat that comes with it . It feels exactly like a thin mouse pad but it is very wide -LRB- approximately 3 ft -RRB- , i put it on my computer desk underneath my keyboard and mouse , it 's very smooth i like having it.If you 're into speedcubing then you have to have a timer like this and i 'm pretty sure there is no way to buy JUST the timer alone so this is the cheapest way i 've found to get it .
 Is it a race ? Is it a game ? Is it both ? This LEGO RACE set is unexplainable!Two race cars , one red , and one green , grab a ball and aim for the goal.Set includes a referee and scoreboard .
 The useful parts to this set are the woman , the screen , the carpet , and the tub . I do n't care for the towel rack , simply because it seems unnecessary and the towels fall off . I 'd rather they take a dollar or two off the price . All in all , I really like it . It fits in a landing on the Melissa and Doug Deluxe Princess Castle . Our daughter will get it when she turns 4 -LRB- this is the recommended age -RRB- . I think she 'll love it as part of her castle . We purchased the Playmobil Nursery , too , and I 'm sure we 'll have some water in the tub with the baby taking a bath at one point !
 The Helping Hands / Magnifying glass is a big help when trying to hold something small -- like jewelry -- and work on it . I modified mine a bit by moving one of the arms so that instead of the magnifying glass being in the middle , it 's on the end . Since everything can be slid around , the magnifying glass can still be over what I 'm working on , and I have the ` hands ' close enough together to hold smaller things . I also put a strip of electrical tape around the clips to put a little protection between them and what I 'm holding , so there 's no risk of scratching what I 'm working on . The base is surprisingly heavy so I can use it for anything small enough to fit on there and balance . The one other thing it could use is a light -- to me that would give it a 5 out of 5 rating . It was very inexpensive , and worth way more than it cost . I 'm very pleased with the purchase and will recommend it to my friends .
 When I bought this magnifyer I knew I was getting a functional tool . I bought it for what it does , and it does that . But when I pulled it out of the box I realized that , in addition to function , it served as a unique display item on my desk . It really looks neat . In fact , it was so interesting to look at that my daughter , who is n't interested in tools at all , asked me to keep it in her room on a shelf . It works as advertised and it 's a great conversation starter .
 This is a good item . Very helpful working with small items . As we get older we need a little help seeing small items .
 Great for people who work with jewelry , or electronics . I really needed something like this with a light , however , found that this works out pretty well .
 I do not know why I waited so long to order one of these . This is really one of the most helpful tools I have purchased in a long time . Wonderful item at a great price . You ca n't go wrong .
 The Helping hands is a pretty awesome tool . I saw this thing on an online video and thought they looked cool and would help with my painting projects and purchased it from amazon , its even cooler in person . My only issue is that I wish it had extra clamps , but I guess I can purchase the claps seperately .
 We bought this at a specialty toy store for our 11 month old son , and he LOVES it . He scrambles after it and loves the clicky noise the bear 's head makes when you twist it around . We took it with us to a play-date with 4 other babies close to the same age , and they all LOVED it . I went back and bought 4 more for birthday gifts for my son 's play-date buddies ! We LOVE ALL of our Tolo toys !
 My one-year-old grandson adores this little bear on his tricycle and is learning how to pull it back and let go so it will shoot across the room . He has n't mastered it yet but loves it when we make it go for him and keeps trying , so I gave it five stars for `` educational value '' . It 's well-designed , bright and durable . One of his -LRB- my -RRB- favorite toys !!!
 I purchased some ` friends ' for Racquel to party with when Im not home.Being a pornstar , it made sense to get her a couple black guys to tag-team her . I then settled on horse to give her something even bigger to put in her mouth.There are plenty of other hot girl-dolls to pose with pretty Racquel , but nothing tops off the evening better than to have the girls getting pumped by the various trolls and beasts in my collection .
 The figure was delivered on the first day of the estimated delivery time . Was in new condition , as advertised . Is an accurate depiction of the porn star Racquel Darrian . I 've placed her on my coffee table , and have chosen to remove her costume and display her fully nude . I 'm very pleased with this figure .
 Length :
 My 5 year old really wanted this for his birthday . It 's nice and big , and he has lots of fun shooting the pizzas out the front . There is room for all 4 of the TMNT action figures . One problem that is a major pain in the front of the van keeps falling off ! It tilts forward so you can put the turtles in the van , or load the pizzas , but it just snaps on . So if he opens it too quickly or leans on it a little , it snaps right off . We had another toy with a similar design , so I was devastated when I saw this one was going to have the same problem . And every time you have to snap the front back on , it wears down the little nubbies that holds it on , so it gets easier and eaiser for it to fall off . So if you can get past having to put the front of the van on a dozen times a day , it 's a fun toy .
 This van is so cool , I fitted my mikey figure with the cowabunga carl head topper.The pizza firing action is cool too.When you install all 8 pizzas inside the van , pull the cowabunga carl head topper and it fires the pizza.I like the detail on the van , it is really nice.Mikey fits on the driver seat and this is a fun vehicle to play with , especially when I put mikey inside.I had fun with the cowabunga carl head topper and I started trying my other figures and I was laughing at them with the cowabunga carl head topper on them.This is based on the movie and I love TMNT because they 're cool and awesome and have a lot of action!This TMNT van/vehicle is highly recommended to any TMNT fan .
 After 4 years of rough play by 2 little boys this toy still works - pizzas fly out of the front end , side door opens and closes . I recommend this toy .
 This toy is great for customization as well as overall playing ... I 'm actually going to get another one just so I can customize an Ice cream van out of it ... I recommend getting this if you customize toys ... or as a gift for your kids
 My 3 year old loves this turtle van . All four turtles fit in just fine and with a little extra shoving you can even fit in April . The big problem is the front and side door falling off all the time . It does n't bother my son at all though -LRB- since I 'm the one fixing it 50 times a day -RRB- , and he 'll even play with it when I get tired of putting the doors back on . Its also very durable , withstands many falls and even being sat on . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 Good toy , side door and wheel comes off easily but he can put it back on.other than that no complaints . I would recommend it , pizza firing action is great !!
 I love this action figure , with all respect this is highly detail figure , and looks very similar to the animations in cartoon networks . It was recommended for a friend . now i recommended to you
 Let me start off by saying I am huge thrawn fan and I had limeted options for a thrawn ation figure . I could of purchased this or the Heir To The Empire comic pack which would of been a waste since I did n't want the smuggler guy -LRB- sorry for forgetting his name -RRB- and I already have the Thrawn Trilogy graphic novel so it would be a rip-off to spend 13 to 15 dollars on a figure when I could get same BASIC figure for $ 8.50 . The reason I said basic is that like the title states he not a bendiale and combat oriented figure . He only has five points of articulation which includes , you guessed it arms , legs , and a head that barly moves . His knees and elbows ca n't bend at all so he 's ment to be on the brigde of a Star Destroyer not a chaotic battlefeild -LRB- which is his role anyway so its not that much of a let down and these oldschool ation figures are pretty wooden any way -RRB- . Those are just some miner cons but the pros are his romovable pet yasmawri and a rare pistol similar to the one the one that Pellion had in the comic which are two thing that you probably wo n't find anywhere else and pobaly why I might buy this figure again . Another nice touch is the package which coverts dirama thats the brigde of a star destroyer . This is a great figure and I recomend it for any star wars action figure collector .
 This is a great LEGO set , no matter who you are buying it for . As an AFOL -LRB- Adult Fan Of LEGO -RRB- , I find the set to be very enjoyable -LRB- even though it is recommended for ages 6-12 -RRB- . I 've always enjoyed the ` special ' LEGO pieces , especially the accessories for the mini-figures . This set includes two mini-figs , a rough looking adventurer and a spectacled , suspender-wearing professor . The accessories include a shovel , a rifle , a hammer , a wrench , a pair of binoculars , a cup , and a pot . The adventurer mini-fig wears a cowboy hat and the professor wears a jungle safari type of hat.The vehicle featured in the instructions -LRB- the Track Master -RRB- is very cool . The tank-like treads are nifty and the windshield is one of the coolest I 've seen in any set . It looks dirty except for where windshield wipers have cleaned it and there is even a crack in the corner.Also included in the set is a flying dinosaur -LRB- a Pteranodon -RRB- . It is actually the only part of the set that I do n't really like , because it is all one color . The eyes are n't even painted black.LEGO bricks are generally considered to be educational toys simply because of how they allow the imagination to run wild and this set is no exception . Also , aside from the value of building , the instruction booklet includes drawings of different dinosaurs showing their weight -LRB- did you know a triceratops weighs about the same as an elephant ? -RRB- , their size , and their speed.Overall , this is a wonderful set for someone who is already a fan of LEGO and it is also a great set to get someone started with LEGO . It is small enough to carry a reasonable price tag and large enough to allow you to build several things .
 Its a good standard chess game . the bag also has space for a stopwatch . nothing to complain about .
 Its a good product , but i think the chessmen are a bit smaller than the squares
 Traveling case is nice to hold everything in place . It also is a venial mat that roles up but once you put it down it roles out nicely . Again if you are looking for something inexpensive but has some quality this is the product .
 Great tournament set ! This is exactly what I wanted and it arrived on time . I love the green and white board . As well as the extra queens .
 He calificado cinco estrellas a este producto debido a que me lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones sin ning&uacute;n tipo de novedad al respecto y han cumplido con mis expectativas por eso lo recomendaria a familiares , amigos etc. . Gracias
 this is the perfect set for people on the go it has it all and will get it done the same way the expensive sets do !
 Great chess set for any player , novice to professional . Easy to carry , visually appealing , and fun to play with . Even includes a spot to put a clock . Recommended .
 I like to play chess in the park - sometimes it can be windy and there are always folks stopping by to watch . For this environment it 's good to have a larger board with heavier pieces . Sometimes I 'll venture into the universe of speed chess where one does n't want to spend time picking at tiny pieces , and crawling around under the table later to find them . It 's much easier to quickly grab and chuck these pieces off to the side.The pieces can definitely handle some rough speed chess , and the board requires very little cleaning . The bag requires very little cleaning and is quite durable . It can hold a few small things including a chess clock . When I 'm riding the subway with it I 'll catch people staring at the bag wondering what it is . A pool cue ? gun ? set of knives ? If someone looks really confused I will turn the bag over so they can see the word CHESS written on it . They almost always laugh , and smile at me .
 Not too heavy , not to light.Some are black , some are white.The pieces , I mean , and the board I guess too.I would buy this one again , if I were you .
 It is the standard chess set with its canvas bag . I liked it . The pieces are well-designed and there is also one extra Queen for white and black pieces ! I recommend to the chess club teachers .
 Item exactly as described . I am very satisfied with my purchase . The only downside is that the pieces are not weighted . Besides , the set is great for my purposes .
 I think this is a terrific set . Pieces are big and sturdy , board came as advertised rolled and protected . My 7-year old son asked for this , and he loves it .
 My grandson -LRB- 7.5 years old -RRB- for whom we bought this set likes it very much and proudly takes it to the many chess competitions he participates in . I have to add that there was a significant delay in the delivery of the set which was explained by the seller as `` problems with the customs '' . The seller refunded us for the shipment costs and also sent a letter of appology to my grandson which was much appreciated .
 Excellent product , I bought it for my husband to take to work with him and it is perfect to carry around when we go out of town . He can even fit his timer in there .
 I bought this for my 7 year old son who plays in a league . This is a good basic chess set . The pieces are plastic - it says this in the description - although the name of the company is Wood Expressions - so there may be some confusion .
 If you are looking for a portable chess set , I believe this is the best option . The mat i.e. the chessboard rolls up nicely and the pieces are nicely contains for ease of set-up . Everything fits nicely in the black bag , and is extremely light-weight for easy portability .
 A pleasant suprise . I did n't expect much for $ 32 , but this is a nice set with well balanced -LRB- not light -RRB- pieces . The carrying case and roll-up mat are also decent quality . I 'll order another one to give away .
 I 'm a more of a casual chess player , I was looking for a good on the go carry chess set . This set has strong pieces and 1 extra queen . Now as for the board is good and big . The easiest way to fix stability on this map is 2 sided tape on four corners that works fine . good to play on a park bench or any table as long as it has the right dimensions you will enjoy the carry on .
 I bought this for my 9 year old son . He started chess club and wanted to be able to play and practice at home . I like that it is portable . He can take it to school on game days . I was worried about the durability of the mat . It is like a thick place mat and lies flat without curling . My kids play on the carpet just fine .
 This chess set is premium quality . Many people have complained about the shape of the knight . I like it ; it is perfect for picking up with two fingers . The peices are weighted properly , and they dont fall over if accidentily bumped .
 Very good product , found as described . Good quality although made in china . wish the roll-up board stays flat when opens up . we had to roll it opposite way every time to keep it flat .
 Great combination for beginner 's chess . Numbered and lettered grid mat , wooden pieces and a bag for storage . Wonderful durability and hours of fun !
 Bought it to teach my grandchildren just like I did my children . This is a great set to start as you can roll it up and carry it anywhere . I truly believe that chess is one of the greatest games you can teach a child along with cribbage and dominos . Cribbage and domino teachs how to count and chess will teach them how to think and plan . Started mine at 4 but was late with the grandkids as I did n't get started until they were 5 .
 I bought this set for my son and he seems to be pleased with it . Chess is his weakness and he gave it a pretty good review . All we need now is the timing clocks .
 4 queens . Medium heavy pieces -LRB- decent weight for a travel board -RRB- . Zipper on the piece pouch is kind of crappy , but it works . I own a standard boxy tournament timer that fits PERFECTLY in its own Velcro compartment . It 's like it was made for it . Easily 4 stars .
 Muy bueno mejor de lo que me esperaba , el bulto muy practico para llevar a cualquier lugar y savalguardar las piesas , trae una dama extra eso es muy bueno estoy muy satisfecho con esta compra .
 I am a lifetime chess player , and this is my third tournament style chess set . I am more than satisfied with this product ; tournament style pieces , the board lays perfectly , the bag tote is durable and it definitely holds the board and pieces securely . However , I am even more satisfied with a particular seller , Family Board Games , they provided outstanding customer service , courtesy , and professionalism . Any future gaming needs , I will spend my money with Family Board Games Sellers .
 A new take on a classic set - heavy , filled , precision cast pieces on a unique , flexible , but not pain in the rear roll-up board , and a nice carry bag . This is a good , general or home use set that will also travel easily . Price is also reasonable for the quality !
 I played in my first live chess tournament and I was surprised to learn that you are expected to bring your own board , clock and pieces . I immediately ordered this set which came just in time for the torney . This is a great set for the purpose of playing in tournaments or at your local club . I did not feel out of place at all with this set , which was also carried by most of the players with small variations . Some of the older masters had musical instrument cases or other fancy cases but almost all of the non-masters had something along the lines of this set.Pros
 This is a very nice chess set . It is indistinguishable from the one that is from wood expressions and 10 dollars cheaper . -LRB- minus the bag -RRB- I thought the bag was pretty worthless myself . I bought 2 one with the bag first then gambled on the second one that didnt have the bag . The bag does hold the stuff but the inner lining is a real thin material I feel wont hold up well . The rest is a thin kind of canvas that is OK . just not great . The pieces are great , well made good weight , perfect size . The board is the standard board you are expecting . Nice quality thick vinyl . I did not have any of the complaints other reviewers had . Just that the bag was `` chinsy '' Great price tho for the pieces and the good board , maybe I am being too harsh on the board .
 if you love chess and need an easy way to care . this is the one . my son loves his . he takes it to his grandpa 's all the time .
 Chess mat is truly flexible and looks durable . Chess pieces are big , look strong and durable as well . Product comes with a convenient storage bag which is well designed as well to hold both the chess pieces and mat . The manufacturer has thought through things .
 Nice set . All in one `` bag '' . Pieces have some decent weight to them . Everything is a bit oversized , which makes it easy for my young son/daughter to play . The board/matt does n't stay down in the corners so you need to put something on them . Maybe they could weight each corner , but I ca n't really complain -- it is a good deal .
 Bought this for our son and he really likes it . Very durable pieces and playing mat . Carrying case is a plus . Recommend as an alternate set for taking to tournaments and school for practice/play .
 Not too much to be said , the product matches the description perfectly . The bag is handy in that if you purchase a chess clock , there is a pocket to put it in . The extra queens come in handy , and the pieces are fairly-sized / durable . Good chess set to invest in if you are serious about the game , though maybe a bit pricier than some other offers .
 We purchased this set for my son when he became interested in chess tournaments . We had a chess set that always needed to be out and was also not very durable so it did n't last very long . This is what the `` serious '' chess players use and looks durable enough to last a very long time . He was totally jazzed when he openedhis birthday present .
 I got this chess set for my son who just started learning chess . The set looks professional , all the pieces are finely built . Sturdy bag to carry around . We are very satisfied .
 I was looking for a good chess set to play in tournaments and this one i bought from Amazon served my purpose well.Its priced good and has a good canvas bag which hold my chess timer very easily.Good buy .
 The set is durable and contains a plastic cylindar to keep your board from being flattened . A Great Buy !!!
 Well the only thing is the plastic , are not heavy , not for bliz game.But for the price i can not punish , the price are nice.The good side , is if you left the pieces fall , i will not brake
 Great Product ! I have seen a similar set with heavier pieces and a more durable board which is the only reason I give it a 4/5 overall .
 I ordered this Chess Set for my 8 years old 's son . It was as expected . He liked it a lot .
 This is a very well made product , and equitably priced . All components reflect a high degree of craftsmanship . The travel case is a plus ... it is made from a good grade of material , travels well , and gets rave reviews from other players . You 'll be glad you ordered one !
 I bought my six year old his first set . I am happy with the set other than the vinyl board does n't stay flat and the pieces are too light . The board is 20X20 and the king is 3.75 with a 1.5 base , great size for a kid . Also , the bag is compact and stores the whole set . I think this makes a great extra-set to take to school or trips given the price . Now , I am looking for a better set , maybe a triple weighted set .
 My son and grandsons having a great time because now they can take the set outside and play . Plus the dog wo n't eat the `` board '' .
 I have not bought it , but i want to buy one . the pieces are all wood or plastic ? The board 's smell is OK ?
 Purchased for my 10 year old . Not only is the game Uno fun but the penguins are fun to look at . My daughter and her friends have practically worn the cards out from playing constantly . The tin case is great storage and helps keep the cards safe from damage . I would recommend this game to anyone .
 My Granddaughter Courtney imagined she is the princess and her playmate from school is her prince . She is hoping eventually to get the castle to go along with these two - but even without the castle she is using her imagination . Very well made and good quality - withstands punishment kids can give to toys .
 Product works very well . Students with special needs like it because it gives them quick feedback . I highly recomend it !
 Sherman is actually darker than he appears in the picture , which is great , since he is the color of the Golden my granddaughter lost . He 's actually about the size of a full grown Golden , and just as cuddly !
 The detail and articulation of this mounted barbarian is magnificent ! There are many parts/weapons and such that the Barbarian can use , and he really stands out amongst the other Playmobil figurines of his ilk - especially astride his armoured horse ! . Have him lead your Playmobil Barbarians in glorious battle with his pinioned lance , buy a few of the same figure , and launch a Barbarian cavalry attack on your unsuspecting foes , or defend the Barbarian Chief in single combat ; either way , the Barbarian is a well made , well-designed , enjoyable figure to own . And it will provide you and/or - okay , okay ... ` you ' with hours of much deserved fun!It is a quality , durable toy that really deserves its recognition . My only gripe would be - not with the toy - but in the fact that finding certain Playmobil figures in your local stores is akin to searching for the Holy Grail . Internet Searches and purchases on line are great , but the shipping really kills you after a while . It cost as much to ship this little guy to my house as it did to purchase him .
 A lovely soft cuddly bear . But the music box is not well anchored and moves around as you wind it .
 Very soft teddy bear , and one of the few which plays `` Teddy Bears Picnic '' . I highly recommend . A toddler will be able to wind the music box since the key is large and easy to grip .
 My granddaughter loves this teddy and the music box is nice - not electronic , but an actual music box . Great product , fast shipping .
 It is really HARD to find wind up musical teddies now a days ! So glad to have found this one ! Wish they were bigger and came in the traditional brown fur coloring .
 I love this Gobo ! I ca n't stop looking at him , he 's so cute ! His hair 's more pink than Gobo 's hair on FR , but I love this color too , it 's great ! Only thing is , his hair is longer than Gobo 's , but I just tied some up in back with a ribbon , and let the rest flop over it , to hide the fix-up , and now he looks just like Gobo ! -LRB- Just me being a perfectionist , it 's cute the way it is , too -RRB- I would definitely recommend this product , and it comes with a DVD of two puppet episodes and one animated episode . It 's well worth it !
 My daughter was thrilled with her Fraggle which I purchased as a Christmas present . I received it in a good amount of time and it was brand new . I did n't realize it came with a DVD , which was an added bonus !
 my little brother has this set along with the lego soccer bus . he loves it and can shoot for hours . one person is the kicker and the other is the goalie . he can play with it for hours on end with himself or with anyone else . it 's good quality of course , because it 's lego . small and inexpensive , so that it 's good for a small gift .
 Our 12 year old son received this Lego set for Christmas . -LRB- Along with all the other Soccer Lego 's . -RRB- He has been a Lego fan ever since he was little . Even though he is a `` bigger kid '' he still enjoys playing w / them . The set is easily put together & is enjoyed for hours by him & his 2 younger brothers . However , if you have small children , or children that still put toys in their mouth , I would not recommend this product JUST FOR THE FACT of the small pieces !! With Lego ... you can NEVER go wrong !!
 This is a totally cool toy ! You get 2
 This a very great toy that is very fun to play with . This toy practices hand eye coordanation . This is very important to learn . It also practices accuracy . I think that this is adurable toy . It is durable toy because half of the things in it wont shatter . If you like legos , and if you like soccer you should get this .
 We were very happy with how quickly we received the item . The Lego toy was just as it was described . We would certainly purchase from this vendor again .
 I bought this thinking it was an eye loupe , not an eyeglass loupe , so it does not fit my needs . My cousin ended up using it a few times and likes it
 I love him , I love him . . I LOVE HIM !!! He is so cooool . Detail on him is incredible . His outfit and accesories are great -LRB- love the club ! -RRB- I have him standing here sort of a mascot in my home office . He 'll keep the bad guys away . The value at this price is a steal . Anyone who is a POTA fam would be nuts not to grab him while they still can . I 'm not partin ' with mine !
 I have 4 boys and 3 of them are 5 and under . These water wings work perfectly in our backyard pool for the younger 3 . My 5 year old has gone from being afraid to leave the steps to swimming without the water wings at all in two weeks time . They work great for my 2 and 3 year olds . They do n't stick to the skin and they can be adjusted with the velcro straps . We threw the other water wings in the trash . I bought the last four pair that Walmart had in stock . Two sets for my house and two sets for the grandparents house . I 'm getting more to keep on hand when we wear these out and for any guests . They are well worth the cost .
 better than cheapo plastic , fit on their arms , and do n't pinch , nicely made , good floatation . fits my 4 year old son .
 We used these on our two year old for his first time in a pool . The swimmies are soft on the arm , stay in place well and have a velcro attachment that can tighten/loosen the swimmie on the child 's arm . Overall we were very pleased .
 These are great . I have had some for my little girl since last summer , and now that my son is big enough , I ordered the boy version for him . These are great , durable , and extremely comfortable . They are much better than the ones they sell in the stores where I live and they last for years . A friend of mine has had hers for her daughter for at least 4 years . I am very impressed . Responsive seller , too .
 I purchased these many years ago at a local store . That was the only year I had ever saw them for sale . I 've had the same set for seven years until now the velcro has finally worn out . Today , I am stocking back up for next year . All of my friends who bring their children swimming have borrowed them and have asked where I got them . I am so glad to have found them once again!I saw someone mention something about size . I 've used the same set for my toddler granddaughter at age 2 through the time she was able to start learning to swim at age 5 . Then the next two grandkids used the same set . I think using the swimmies had encouraged her to swim on her own.The swimmies have a cloth cover , overtop the typical plastic floatie . The velcro is only to keep the cover in place all around , on all sides of the floatie , covering up the air valves as well.I would highly recommend the supplier to sell them in the local retail stores once again .
 My 3 and 7 year old have quickly built up their swimming confidence with the use of this product . I love the fabric - very comfortable for the children , and you can inflate the floaties as much as you need to help the product fit the size of the child 's arm .
 most wings were for kids 3 and up - but these worked perfectly for my little girl who was 16 months at the time of purchase and she still uses them now at 21 mos .
 This is a great purchase . These floaties last forever ! And the shipping is super fast ! Great service !
 I got them for my boysthey 3 and 17 moalthough theese armbands are bit heavier than plastic onesthey are realy soft and feel good on the skin
 The name says it all . These are arm floaties but the great thing is they are fabric . For years we have used the plastic arm bands . They are miserable to put onto a squirming child . These are not only fabric , but they have velcro straps . No more tugging and pulling . Once inflated they easily slide onto the childs arm then you adjust the tightness with the velcro straps . They are great . Our grandchild , age 4 , loves them and feels very comfortable getting into water with them on . We will definitely be using these from now on . Thank you for providing such a great product ! Your service was quick and very efficient .
 I purchased these arm bands along withSpeedo Begin to Swim Classic Swim Vestsize lg . for my grandson . He is no longer afraid and will swim along with us . When he can swim better then the swim vest alone without the floaties will fit him for a few years . Right now the arm bands are very necessary !
 This past summer , I needed floaties my boys could wear . One is 4 years old and 32 lbs . The other is 2.5 yeras old and 28 lbs . All floaties sold in stores were way too large , even the ones supposedly sold for the 2-4 age range . These on Amazon were perfect . Much smaller and better for thin arms . They stayed on okay , about as well as those things can . They never seemed uncomfortable to my boys .
 They fit my 18 month old son great . The Velcro is kind of a pointless feature . The strap that is suppose to stick did n't even really reach when the floats are fully inflated.I have a problem with the valves not sealing and letting air out quicker than I can plug them up . I reported the problem to the company , and they sent a replacement pair immediately . Unfortunately , I had the same problem with the second pair . I think it may just be the way they 're made .
 Bought these for my grandson for our waterpark vacation . He had much more freedom and felt safe and secure if he wandered out in deeper water . They worked perfectly .
 These floaties are much heavier duty than the typical plastic ones , and the fabric is much more comfortable as well . They stay inflated week after week without having to add extra air . Definitely recommended .
 I purchased these floaties for my grandson . They worked well , but I anticipate they will work better next year when he is alittle older . The soft fabric is really nice , it dos n't leave red marks on his arms . The armbands came early and packaged very well . I was very pleased .
 These are too big for my 18 month old grandson . He is of average size for an 18 month old and these are sized from 1-3 . They are very well made , seem very substantial , and I think by next summer they will work for him .
 I wanted floaties that were going to be durable as well as safety tested , and i did n't mind spending a little extra to ensure that my two year old would be safe this summer . I was happy with how they fit and how they were adjustable . The fabric was nice and did n't have sharp plastic corners like the cheaper ones would get when filled with air and creased . They wont even deflate if the plug is removed , the plug has to be squeezed at the bottom to deflate . Did i mention a life time guarantee ? I am very happy with these .
 If you want a really decent puzzle , but with a twist , this is the one to buy . The pieces are not standard jigsaw pieces , giving quite a challenge to finding all the edges . I 'm still trekking along on it as best I can ! But it is very rewarding and very beautiful . For puzzle lovers everywhere , this is a good one .
 This is my fourth puzzle by this company . These are well constructed puzzles that are challenging and fun to work . Highly recommended !
 This is a high quality jigsaw puzzle with vivid pretty picture that tells the story . The cutting of the pieces are precise however we found some pieces could have the exact same shape and could fit to a tight spot which is not necessary the correct place to be . This adds challenge and interest to the game if you like it . Overall , this is a beautiful piece which you 'll have a lot of fun working on it and feel proud of when complete .
 It takes a long time to work this puzzle because it is 1500 pieces but I loved it . I do n't believe I have ever seen a more beautiful puzzle . A few pieces may fool you . At the end I had 2 pieces in place that I had to remove to put in my last 2 pieces . They were that close in looks . I will probably bring this puzzle out once a year and work it . This puzzle also reminds us of a beautiful message that our world will never be destroyed by a flood again .
 I enjoy puzzles and have had some 1000 piece duds that I dreaded working on . Not so with this one . If you like puzzles and want a puzzle that is actually enjoyable , this is one to get . Between the variances with colors , textures , details and shapes of the puzzle pieces , this puzzle is n't hard to figure out . It 's fun , enjoyable , and addicting ... hard to stay away from it after I 've walked away to do something else . I put another puzzle in this series together , I believe it 's &#34; The Calling &#34; and it was just as fun .
 The pieces were very straight forward , theres a pattern to this puzzle , hint , hint . We put it together fairly quickly compared to other puzzles because of the pattern and the color scheme . It was a delightful experience . Thanks
 It is just as expected . It arrived on time . It is a very good quality and we are happy with it .
 We love this puzzle , though we do feel challenged by it with 1500 pieces . But the detail is so wonderful that there are clues to where things go . Cut is nice , too , as pieces are distinct . -LRB- We do n't like the puzzles where each piece can fit 4 or 5 places ... -RRB- We have put this together multiple times now . : -RRB-
 John is four and a half . In the past we 've had some trouble with the very tiny interlocking pieces of Mega Blocs . The pieces on these are large enough that he only has to snap a few together and he 's on his way to a pirate village , or dock . He has played with a portion of this set every day since I bought it . The tower piece is a major component for him , and from there he builds his pirate world . Wish more sets were like this .
 I bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter who loves anything to do with `` pirates '' . It was her favorite birthday gift .
 Was looking for Mega Bloks Pirates toys when I found this one . Was VERY HAPPY to see it still available and for such a GREAT PRICE ! Love the packaging , so much more fun than the usual rectangular box . It was lots of fun putting it all together ! It was shipped next day , which was great because I hate the waiting after I buy something online .
 This is the best play table around . I would not suggest buying any other table unless it is lego . It is very well made and will not cave in on the kids . It will be around for a long time and the price is well worth it . Do n't waste your money on anything else because it want last . LEGO is number one .
 THe table is well built but easy to assemble . One side is for Duplo blocks the other is for regular sized Lego blocks . So far we are very happy with this table .
 Wonderful table for the duplo legos . The children love it and it is the right size for classrooms . I love this !
 This wristband is very cool and well made . i do n't know who could n't wear this because it comes with three notches to adjust the size and it is fun to wear .
 High quality , true to the image , with adjustable sizing , and clear design . This Bleach leather wristband is perfect for any anime Bleach fan ! Specially for the price it is going for ! Ca n't expect anything better .
 This puzzle was for our 19 year old nephew . It seemed challenging for him and the image was age appropriate . The colors were very bright and vivid . A good value .
 I home school my son and these hot dots are a nice addition to our box of activities . They allow him to have a break and reinforce skills in a fun , independent way .
 My mother sent my kids one each the `` Stagecoach Single Holster Set '' and `` Western Girl Single Holster Set '' for my boy and girl , who are both 5 going on 6 . She also sent two Daniel Boon Caps -LRB- `` Faux Raccoon Tail Hat '' -RRB- and a box of `` Cowboys Roll Caps '' . The bad news is the guns are still a bit large for their hands and they are not yet strong enough to pull the triggers more than once or twice using the two handed approach . This is n't a deal breaker as they will grow into these guns in no time.The quality of the roll caps will greatly influence how you feel about these guns . My Mom sent a box of `` Cowboys Roll Caps '' . These caps generally work well , but there are some duds and some of the rolls are stuck together requiring the shooter to employ proper clearing techniques lest they get shot by a bad guy . Hey , these are roll caps not .45 ACP self defense rounds . Have fun and stop stressing . The report of these caps varies from soft to very loud . Many factors feed into the reasons for this . Just know they do work . I also like the various reports . Sputter poof to loud Bang . Makes it varied and fun . I also like it when he red paper gets blown off the white backing paper or a hole gets blown through the backing paper . Very satisfying.FYI when loading caps be sure to pull the roll end up and through the hammer port until the first cap is just in sight . If you do n't the caps wo n't feed.The overall fit and finish of the guns , taking into account these are toys , is good . I did have to modify the Stagecoach pistol some to get it to fire better . The Western Girl 's gun however fires near 100 % of the time . The modification required me to file down the top lip of the hammer so that the hammer hit flush with the frame . I 'm still working on it . The spring of the boy 's gun seems just a bit weaker also.Both gun are blast , as told from personal experience . I just love the smell of gun powder ! ; -RRB- The holsters themselves are also good . They are made of molded rubber and riveted together . I like the feel of them . The belts and buckles are cheap , but again these are toys , and they are functional . The belts might be difficult for young kids and will require an adult to put the belt/holster on and take back off.If you are looking for a quality set of cap guns these are it . Trust me these are better than the cap gun sold in the grocery store . Much much better.For those thinking , `` why 4 stars for education ? '' Well duh , guns are an extremely important part of this nations history . Knowing and understanding the gun and our 2nd Amendment Rights is vitally important . I know there are people who do n't like guns and that is fine . I 'm not forcing you to buy these or even look at them . For those that care I recommend these guns.If you want I 'll a post video of these guns in action . They work well .
 I purchased the Cowgirl pistol and holster for my 7 year old daughter and she plays with it all the time with the boys . It seems to be durable and we have not had any problems .
 My daughter wanted to be just like her brothers , so we thought we 'd by her a girly version of being a cowgirl !
 We could not find a gun in any stores around our area since all the school shootings . This is for a little girl who wanted a pink toy gun .
 My daughter wanted to join the buys playing &#34; bad guys &#34; and this was a good fit . We have n't used any caps but the gun is good quality for the price
 this toy is very well priced and well made my little 3 yr old loves playing cowgirl with this and i would recommend this to a freind it doesnt do anything special but for the price your paying what more would you want it to do .
 This product is great my daughter was thrilled and has been enjoying it ! It is exactly what was expected ! It was made of solid material and very durable .
 I gave one to my 14 yr . old grandson who has AD/HD . He loves to take things apart and usually keeps me on edge when he comes for a visit . However , this toy kept him and a friend busy and interested for a couple of hours digging out the bones . They had a great time and did well in finding all the bones and putting them together . It was somewhat messy , but easy to clean up afterward .
 My 3rd grade special needs child enjoys reading these stories and the reinforcement of the `` dot pen '' with its lights and noise is a lot of fun for him when he has to work on the reading comprehension questions . The downside is that the stories range from 1st to high 5th level -LRB- guide marks each story -RRB- . I would prefer to have a box of stories with less range -LRB- maybe just 1-2nd then another box of just 3-4 -RRB- but we 're using these and will continue .
 Definitely worth the price . Card very well print with the wonderful pictures , the only draw back I guess is that the card is too small and a little tough to get my kids to really fancy it . It could be due to my girls age only 4 and 3 hence that could be the reason why the flash card did not attract so much of attention . Adults need to guide as there is no words imprint on the flash card and adults need to be around to guide , I personally feels it is good as it also build the bond between me and my girls while I am coaching them.I-parcel service is excellent to my opinion , for shipment to singapore as not only I got update every now and then but also I received my parcel within 10 days . Cheers to amazon & I-parcel .
 This is a great product for reinforcing reading skills . Great little cards and questions for kids to answer independently or with an adult . However , there is NO PEN included . You must order the pen separately .
 Saw the review for I-parcel , whereby customer claimed their service suck , but not to me , in Singapore . The day amazon hand over my parcel to them I got update every now and then and I received my parcel today . My parcel was shipped out on 15 sep 2011 and I received it today , 26 sep 2011 within 10 days and I am very pleased not with I-parcel only but also amazon for their excellent learning material . My girls aged 3 and 4 got hours of fun finding the answer with the pen praising them whenever they got the answer correct . Will grab more different set for them to brush up their English , numbers as well as understanding of shapes . Thanks amazon .
 my son is only 8 months old but i got him this so he 'd have something he could learn to nurture . he is very intrigued by the baby 's face . He stares at him and carries him around . It 's pretty cute . plus I give it 5 stars for being a toy that does n't talk or flash or induce seizures ! this is just good old fashioned fun .
 I got this for my daughter -LRB- 14m -RRB- for Christmas . I recieved it and got it out of the package to play with it myself . it rocks so easily . It looks like the perfect size for my daughters little hands . the rocker leans forward to act as a chair too . I love it !
 My granddaughter enjoys the First Friends Baby Rocker . It is just the right size for her little hands . She carry 's it everywhere .
 sturdy , but a little boring on its own . baby does n't always fit neatly into cradle but overall a sturdy , well-made toy
 We bought the Tolo Play House with sister , brother , and baby , and several animals as a Christmas present for our granddaughter 5 years ago . She played with it all the time as did her cousin . All the kids who came over to play , loved to play with it too . When her little brother was old enough , he joined right in ! Now that they are older , my daughter has saved it as the one toy to keep for visitng little ones to play with . Everyone loves it because of the colors , size , and moveable parts . We just bought the play house , family , and 7 animals for our little great grandson who is turning one today . When he was visiting at Christmas , guess what he played with the whole time ! Yup , the Tolo Play House with the family and animals ! One of our best buys !
 Bought this toy for my grandsdaughter 's birthday . Have not given it to her yet . I know that she will love this gift . Play House is very well constructed . I give this toy five stars for everything because it is the same quality as all my previous Tolo purchases . I have bought several Tolo toys and have ALWAYS been pleased with the quality . The Tolo toys are very good size for small hand and have several options that encourages imagination and coordination .
 This was my second puzzle of Proverbidioms . I thought the depiction of many of the idioms was a bit disturbing . It was n't as light and happy as `` Who Missed the Boat '' puzzle . Still , it was challenging and interesting .
 This puzzle is so interesting . there are so many proverbs within this puzzle that you could stare at it for hours trying to find them all .
 The product has a very good quality ! ~ but I 'm disappointing about the paper-idioms because is not inside the box , you have to search in a web site and download it . Thank you
 Love that they supply a list online of all of the proverbidioms in the puzzle ! So cool and fun to point out all of them .
 strong colors , loved the completed puzzle . I which there was less puzzle dust . Very messy .
 This puzzle has unusual shapes , and endless hidden images linking to proverbs . Completing the puzzle gives you more than the typical puzzle construction rewards !
 The only thing I dislike about this puzzle -LRB- all three of the SunsOut puzzles I have completed , actually -RRB- , is that the pieces are all `` uniform . '' By this , I mean that on practically every piece , two opposite sides have tabs that stick out , and the other pair of opposite sides go inward . I know that this makes the puzzle more difficult in some aspects , but since they are not EXACTLY the same shape and size , in a lot of ways the puzzle was easier to put together . Some rows or columns happen to be wider or more narrow than the others in a certain area , and so based on the pattern in the pieces , you can tell the orientation of the piece without much thought . Not always , but sometimes . It 's just a personal preference , I know ... but I like puzzles with more irregularity in the pieces because I enjoy the deductive reasoning that goes along with that style of puzzle . Other than that , it 's great ... bright colors and interesting artwork ... I definitely recommend it ! I just wanted to share about the shape of the pieces in case it mattered to anyone else .
 This is the funnest puzzle I have ever attempted . It is soooo cool trying to figure out what each image is saying . It 's more than just a puzzle , it 's also a mental challenge . I think this one is worth framing and hanging as a conversational piece . Would probably be great in some lobby somewhere too !
 I gave this as a gift to my mother in the 1990 's . I have inherited it from her and it is still holding up and in great shape . No warpage like you get with cheaper puzzles . It is so fun figuring out the sayings . Just wish I had the list ! It was such an early edition it was not printed on the box yet .
 I got this for a present for my friend 's birthday and the 3 of us spent several hours putting this together . Then you have lots of fun trying to remember the associated the proverbs to the images.It would make a good educational tool , especially if you 're in some english philosophy type class discussing proverbs .
 this was fun to do with the unique shaped pieces , a challenge , and it took me a while.i only figured out about 26 of the proverbidioms the first time.when i showed my boyfriend the puzzle box , he quickly looked up the link to the proverbs on his iphone , and he started telling me some , had him stop so i could figure them out myself.the pieces are odd shaped , like one overlaps another 's edge . a few piece 's `` heads '' got bent.this is a keeper puzzle - one i 'll do over and over again as the years go by .
 Very good puzzle , as are most of Sunsout 's puzzles . Great fun figuring out the proverbs . Only issue is that according to the box there should be a list of proverbs on the manufacturer 's website but saw no list . Otherwise expect great fun with this one .
 This school teacher enjoyed reading 300 proverbs and idioms while putting together Proverbidioms , this fun quality product . The paper is strong and photo pleasing . The interlocking joints are self evident instead of that Ravensburger nightmare . -LRB- Every puzzle maker knows the boarder is first base . But I had to put together `` Neuschwanstein Castle '' first and work outward to the border ! '' The curves on the joints were so similar that on the sky pieces anger is what was felt at Christmas time . -RRB- I wish T. E. Breitenbach 's other prints were made into puzzles as well . Gregg Wichmann
 I love this puzzle ! Its far from your average puzzle and thats what I love about it . Its a lot fun puting it together , and even more fun trying to figure out all the different proverbs . The ONLY problem i had was that the puzzle is supposed to come with a list of the proverbs and idioms depicted in the puzzle , and mine DIDNT come with the list . Since there is over 300 proverbidioms , it is VERY hard to figure out what all of them are without it . It left me very curious . Overall though , this puzzle is great ! it was a blast to put together , and fun just to look at !
 This puzzle challenges the intellect . Friends can discuss the idioms and proverbs while working together .
 Purchased for my new grandson , along with a Fraggle Rock cd . Gobo fraggle was my son 's favorite stuff toy when he was growing up .
 I ordered this gift for my 6 year old grandson ... an avid Star Wars / legos fan , by the way . Since he already has most of the SW toys , I took a leap of faith and purchased the Caribbean 2
 Want to have a blast at the next booze bash ? Bring along this classic board game PASS OUT ! This girl I know used to have mad booze bashes back in the day and we used to get mad people to play this game . Its sort of like MONOPOLY so beware , this game can take all night . Basically the object of the game is to be the last person to PASS OUT ! It involves lots of drinking . The rules are very flexible so lots of stuff can be incorporated , depending on who you are playing with . For instance , there are blank chance cards with which you can write your own rules on ... I like to use these as STRIP cards.Oh yeah , its an awful game allright . ARE YOU READY ?
 Bought this online best drinking game came brand new everything all game pieces are there cards . I was really excited when I got this came quickly in the mail
 We love Xeko games . I bought this one , the Costa Rica mission , at a thrift store for $ 2.50 . I immediately fell in love with the absolutlely beautiful art and the ` atmosphere ' of the game . I have since recieved the Indonesia version and the Madagascar -LRB- out of print , so snap this one up ! -RRB- mission is on the way ! They are like regular playing cards in texture but are printed with wonderful animal illustrations . I am going to laminate them so they out-live me !!
 This is a puzzle ! Challenging and beautiful , gave it to my aunt , she started right away , and a week or so later , I stopped by and she showed it off to me , hanging on the wall
 I received this product in excellent condition , it came on time with no problems . This is a very beautiful puzzle .
 I love this picture , and the puzzle is fun to put together also . The pieces fit together well . I would recommend this puzzle to adults , may be too hard for young children .
 Great for kids of all ages -LRB- and I enjoyed drawing too -RRB- . Crayola Color Explosion has bright colors underneath a solid black surface . When you draw , all the colors come through . Great for car rides and restaurants !
 I purchased the product as a gift for my grandaughters . They enjoyed drawing with it for quite a while before going home . It was also great for use in the car for the trip home .
 This was a replacement for a train that we had for the modules , because we burned out the motor . The train with the modules is well detailed , the modules can be switched , but the train itself moves so fast it is hard to switch the switches . It is fun , and I was surprised how well my young Grandson was able to handle this .
 This guitar is very nice . I bought it for my child and they just ca n't put it down ! I would recommend this electric guitar for any child . It has great sound and great quality . You can also plug it into a Karaoke machine or anything else that ampliphies sound .
 This product is absolutely adorable and any little girl I think would be thrilled to get it . I was a bit disappointed that the crayons mark up the apron right away - just after trying it on and wearing it on Christmas morning .
 I bought this for my 4 year old niece and she did like it -LRB- well , let 's face it , she likes all things pink -RRB- . Great construction and durable material . I was worried that the apron strings would be too short but they were perfect . I did notice that the apron did get a bit heavy with all the crayons in it but I guess that 's the price you have to pay for creative beauty !
 It was great . It arrived on time as promised , and it looks like a carousel that my mother used to ride many , MANY years ago . It was also so daunting that she is not up to doing it yet . But that 's okay .
 This puzzle has beautiful colors , challenging but not so hard as to distract the person putting it together.It will be glued and framed to use in my room because it is so pretty !
 Works like nothing else on all dirt surfaces ! Traction is so good , I had to tighten the slipper clutch to allow for tire spin when cornering . Great seller , fast shipping ! Thanks !
 Paint markers work well . Just make sure you cap them tightly after use , and wipe excess off tip before capping .
 Wow ! What a great concept ! I bought the animal puzzle first and my daughter loved it , so I bought this one . While the sounds are great , they can be a little distracting . Our puzzles also sound off at night when the lights are turned off or if the sun shines on them . -LRB- Which means batteries can run down fast ! -RRB- The xylophone puzzle actually comes with songs to play , but unless your child has a good memory it will be hard for her/him to reconize the song . The pieces fit but are slow going in .
 Of the 450 + jigsaw puzzles in my collection , The Bordello ranks in my top # 10 favorites . It easily held my interest and was a good challenge -LRB- even for a master puzzler -RRB- . The artwork is magnificent and is a real standout in my collection . The red victorian room complete with unique adult characters is so beautiful and detailed , it 's a joy to assemble from the first piece to the satisfying last . Most importantly , the pieces fit well -LRB- no `` resters '' -RRB- and the quality is good -LRB- typical from this manufacturer -RRB- . I also recommend The Saloon also by the same artist -- another four star puzzle masterpiece .
 Love this painting . A lot of fun to look at . One of my favorite puzzles .
 Really great puzzle ! The scene really depicts the atmosphere of Fisherman 's Wharf . Quick delivery and overall I 'm very satisfied and would purchase again .
 This is a very nice little puzzle . It works by a light sensor that is on each individual puzzle piece.the small red pegs are hard for my 1year old to pick out but she manages with a bit of help .
 We love M & D products and this puzzle is another one we -LRB- and our child -RRB- love to play with . The sound is great and it does n't randomly `` sound off '' like another sound puzzle we have does -LRB- farm animals -RRB- . All of the sound puzzles we own have good sound , not at all like some of the poorer reviews have complained about .
 My daughter had a hard time learning to do puzzles and this was perfect for her as a baby ! Each animal makes a different noise when you put the piece in the correct spot , to motivate kids to keep trying . I LOVE this puzzle !
 My kids adore all of their Melissa and Doug puzzles and we love that they are challenging , yet easy to use . Tip
 The puzzle is very entertaining for a kid who is over one yr old . My Son plays with it often trying to match the animals with other animal toys he has . Only negative is that you ca n't switch it off and if you loose/misplace one then you have to keep hearing the sound again and again .
 I bought these for my Autistic nephew when he was 2 on the recommendation of an Occupational Therapist . Having no children of my own , I am not familiar with the different brands for children 's toys . After asking around I was told that Melissa and Doug were well known for their safety and quality so I decided to go ahead even though $ 10 for a puzzle seemed high to me.My nephew loves these . In addition to hearing the sounds and learning to mimic them , he is also learning tactile skills which is what his therapist has been focusing on . I like the quality of the puzzles . They are very well made and remind me of toys I had when I was a kid , when you could actually keep toys to pass on , not the disposable toys there are now.As a special bonus , the sounds are perfect to get on my brothers nerves , hehehe . We are 13 years apart and I love teasing him about getting back at him now for his toddler days ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a really cool puzzle that my 3 1/2 yr old and 2 yr old both enjoy . They animal noises are pretty neat , although I 'm not sure that the zebra is accurate . What noise does a Zebra make ? It seem sturdy , and works well . The only annoying thing is that the animals will go off at random times if the pieces are n't in place . Overall a really neat addition to our wooden puzzle collection !
 The animals sounds are great but unfortunately you can use any piece -LRB- even the incorrect piece -RRB- to activate any of the sounds . This can be a bit confusing . There is no incentive to get the right piece in the right puzzle place .
 I work with children with developmental delays ages 0-3 . This puzzle is excellent on several levels . It encourages matching , eye-hand coordination , labeling , and making animal sounds . Since animal sounds are one of the first bridges to words , I 'd give this this two thumbs up !!!
 The sound part add extra stimulation and promotes some ` discussion ' . A very good item at a good price
 I bought this for my friends baby.The delivery of this product was ok . My friend was really happy with this.She is teaching her baby the animals sounds , so this was a great gift for her baby .
 Purchased this puzzle for my 21-month old granddaughter along with a number of other Melissa & Doug Sound puzzles . These are very well constructed and have provided both of us with hours of fun . She can now identify the animals and make their sounds . Very educational and definitely promotes fine motor skills . A number of reviews have criticized the clarity of the sounds , but we have no complaints ! I purchased the puzzle rack to go with these and at the end of play , they are stacked and ready to go for the next time . In less than a month she has mastered these puzzles and has now progressed to dumping the pieces from all 10 puzzles into one pile , lines up the frames side-by-side in the floor , picks a piece at-random and then takes off to find its proper home . I simply ca n't tell you how much fun we 've shared with these ... if you 're trying to decide , both my granddaughter and I highly recommend them !
 This puzzle has a beautiful image with the two towers still standing . I bought the puzzle for sentimental reasons because of 911 and I do not want to forget what happened that day . The puzzle was not overly challenging to put together and took around eight hours to complete . The puzzle pieces were shaped a bit different than in a traditional puzzle , which added to the challenge , while still maintaining the `` lock and key '' puzzle piece form . The puzzle did give off more shavings than I am used to and the pieces tended to become more interlocked while stored in the box than I expected , but overall I am very pleased with my puzzle . It will be one of my lifelong treasures .
 I love jigsaw puzzles and this has been one of the more fun ones to put together . As a NYer , this picture has special meaning for me . But on top of the great image , the puzzle is well created . It 's rather complicated since it is very colorful but I love the challenge . The pieces fit nice and tight unlike some other puzzles . This is definitely a keeper and I can not wait to finish it and glue it together to display on a wall .
 We work on jigsaw puzzles quite often . This was one of our favorites . Highly recommended .
 I really like the puzzle and the detail of the puzzle . I 'm glad the pieces are not all uniform . Puzzles are easier for me when the pieces aredifferent shapes . Thanks for the great puzzle .
 This is a beautiful puzzle , which I have not done yet . I am a retired 67 year old that enjoyed puzzles as a kid ... now I am reverting . I do a 100 Piece puzzle about every 2 or 3 weeks . Having the World Trade Center here preserves memories .
 I have n't used it yet , however i 'm looking forward to opning it soon , the only thing I di n't like was the fact the I paid more for S&H then I did for the item , so i 'm not sure if i 'm going to be shopping there anymore .
 I have not had time to work on this puzzle , but the pieces are a good size and the cut outs do not look complicated . This puzzle was at an excellent price and received it well before I expected it . I will enjoy putting this one together .
 I agree with reviewers who think that this is a beautiful puzzle . And a favorite because of the twin towers . I have had it for several months , but decided to do it now because of 9-11 approaching.What I notiiced right away when doing the puzzle outline was that the plane over one of the towers is in the picture , but not in the puzzle . Overall , some of the border of the puzzle is missing - cut off from what is shown in the picture . Whether this is the case with all of these puzzles , or only mine , I do n't know . But it did n't really take away from my enjoyment , and offered a little more challenge in itself!Like one reviewer , I believe an antenna should have been put on the north tower , to be more realistic . I also agree with a reviewer that this is not a difficult puzzle . My 8-yr-old granddaughter said the towers would be the most difficult to do . My son-in-law said , no , the Statue of Liberty would be . I think he is winner in that debate , as that is where the only real challenge was.I worked in the north tower in the 1970 's , so I would buy this puzzle even knowing all of the cons just because the theme is so dear to me . It realy is a beautiful reminder of an innocent time.THREE DAYS LATER : My son-in-law saw the finished product , and he and my daughter asked if they could have it to frame and put in their home office . It truly is a stirring and impressive picture when completed . I was thrlled they wanted it and happy to give it to them.LATER STILL : The `` Product Features '' states the correct dimensions
 I looked over a lot of stores in my country and in the only part I found this puzzles was in Amazon.I am so grateful
 Bought this for our daughter who just loves butterflies . It 's a challenging puzzle but she ca n't wait to finish it so she can frame it for her room .
 I 've been using Estes Rockets and engines since I was 12 years old and took my first aerospace class . Never a complaint and I 'll keep using them .
 We gave this toy to my daughter for her fifth birthday , and both she and my 33 year old husband have been enthralled by it ! The grown-ups have even gotten it out after the kids were in bed , and my 2 year old gets a kick out of it as well . I think this is something that my 5 year old will grow to appreciate more as she matures , but there 's really something about making patterns that appeals to all ages.The work on this piece is phenomenal as well . Every piece is well made and well designed . One small problem we 've encountered is that sometimes the pattern does n't fit exactly in the frame - too loose to really be propped up with the stand . But for using and putting the pieces back for the next go round instead of on display , it 's a fabulous toy .
 This toy is better than I expected . It comes with a set of beautifully colored tiles in addition to the ones you see in the picture . With these quadrilateral tiles , children can create many different patterns . Kids who are engaged by this kind of play will spend hours with it ! Adults who appreciate design will love it , too . Great , thoughtful toy .
 Trapecolo is a very clever way to introduce patterning , sequencing , and part-to-whole concepts while creating some beautiful pieces of artwork . Although a bit challenging for younger children , it is versatile enough to create enjoyment for the whole family .
 My two year old and three year old love this item . It is very versitle and helps the imagination !
 I love Key West and this puzzle and it reminds me of the trips I 've taken there . Arrived in great condition and fast .
 I ordered these pens for a CNY project . They are FANTASTIC . The gold color is bright and the stroke of the tip is a nice medium width . The pens did not work on red felt fabric - not a problem just an observation . The pens also arrived even before Amazon showed them as shipped . Great value if you need a dozen medium Oil Based Sharpies .
 Overall , it 's a fun game and I 'd recommend it to anyone who 's into fantasy board games -- as you 'll be playing with an orc , barbarian , dwarf and of course one cave troll per player . But I do have my gripes ! There 's definitely some thing the makers overlooked in designing the game , and it does take a while to learn . The box says it takes 20 to 40 minutes , but give yourself an extra 40 if it 's your first time.The object is to earn the most gold during the game and at the end of the game , which comes when one of the players has used all of the cards in his or her deck . You do this by having control -LRB- aka the most figures -RRB- in a room at the end.When you draw a character card from your deck , the corresponding figure comes into play on the board . Other cards give the player a chance to retrieve an artifact , which usually means more gold.You can use your figures ' special powers to kill your opponent 's figures -- just to make sure you have more on the board than they do.Pros : The art is phenomenal . The figures are very detailed and look a lot like they do on the cards -- even striking the same poses . The actual board looks great , with pits , staircases and a stone-walled labyrinth . Even the box is stunning.Once you get the hang of it , the game is pretty easy to master . It 's also really exciting , since you never know what card your opponent is going to draw next or when they 'll use their cave troll to attack.When playing with four people , you can split into teams or have a rumble -LRB- everyone against one another -RRB- . Cons : You 're supposed to keep track of your gold with markers on the perimeter of the board . However , the amount only goes up to 100 ! You will definitely earn more than that . When you find five hour glasses you earn the sum of all the gold on the board -LRB- about 90 -RRB- . If you already have 11 in gold , your marker is already off the board ! I say ditch the markers and just keep track on paper.The cards are so tiny , you 'll need to break out your reading glasses to read the character 's special powers . And even though the figures are sculpted differently , they 're all relatively the same size and color . It 's hard to notice the differences and you might have to search the board when you want to use one.The cave troll himself is kind of overrated . He can kill everyone in a room , aside from one figure each player chooses to escape . However , he can only do this once ! Once you use your cave troll , he 's no good except for maybe taking control of a room .
 I just recently got this game and it was very fun . The rules were pretty straightforward , although a bit of careful reading was required a few times -LRB- such as what counts an `` action '' ability for monsters -RRB- . One reviewer mentioned that the cave troll was overrated because you can only use him once . While it is true that you can only use him once , I disagree that he is overrated . The one time use requires you to truly decide when to use it to keep another player from taking control of a room right before the gold is counted . Also , the cave troll stays in the room for the rest of the game and no other pieces can be moved into -LRB- or through -RRB- a room with a cave troll . Because of this , his placement can severely impede another players pieces -LRB- or your own ! -RRB- as they move through the dungeon , and require them to use more of their actions -LRB- each player is allowed four actions per turn -RRB- on simple movements around the board and keeps them from drawing new cards -LRB- the game ends when one player runs out of cards , and drawing a card , playing it and performing the action on it count as one action -RRB- . In short , after the first game played -LRB- with three people -RRB- I am a big fan of this game for a smaller group . There can be four players , and based on our initial game , I think that the game will work the best with the maximum number of people . That being said , if I played with only one other person , I think it would be possible to play twice through the card deck in order to really let our pieces vie for control of various rooms . Also , I think it would be possible to play a 5th player who controls all the monsters , and gains gold -LRB- or points -RRB- based on how many of the other players pieces they keep from taking rooms . This would require some imagination and house rules since there is no variant for this in the rule book but it seems doable in a pinch.There is a surprisingly deep level of strategy that can be played with this game , I found myself going through `` what I could have done '' scenarios in my head after my first game seeing how the different hero 's and monster 's abilities can affect the game . So there is some educational value for younger kids to learn to think ahead and make a decision to move into a new room to possibly get more gold or get one of their other pieces on the board to have the option to control more rooms later in the game . But if your children are younger it is easy enough for them to just push the pieces around without really being hampered by not fully understanding and they can still have fun . There is no bloody combat or anything graphic about this game.The board is beautiful and the pieces are quite detailed for their size . The little pieces seem a bit flimsy , especially some of the weapons , but with standard use it should not be a problem . Smaller children who might be a little rough with the pieces could be a concern though . My copy came with a mistake , I had two knight character pieces and one less adventurer pieces than I should have had . I contacted Fantasy Flight customer service and told them my problem and they immediately sent me a replacement piece . The whole process was very easy and hassle free so I do not think that losing or damaging pieces will be anything but a short term inconvenience so despite this hiccup the game remains at 5 stars .
 Hey guys I highly suggest this game if you have group of friends over and want to get a fun fast game in that all will enjoy -LRB- even those who are not of the `` gamer '' type -RRB- This game was played five times on the first night that I first broke it out and is now regularly requested along with our other games such as Pirate Dice and Sequence .
 Overall accurate reproduction of the real thing . My platoon used the real thing in Iraq , and there are only minor inconsistencies in the model , such as the RPG cage missing from the rampin the back and lack of the external fuel tanks . Overall a very nice looking model that looks nice on my desk .
 My son loves little leap . He plays it a lot duringg the day and while going to sleep and waking up . I have worked with toddlers for several years and oher ages and this is a great learning toy . It is easy for my 2.5 year old to use . I only wish that it was n't SO loud . It interferes with T.V. or Music the adult is trying to listen to ; like so many other sound toys , why must they make them so loud ? Do the think kids all have a hearing problem ?
 My son Dylan spotted Little Leap in a toy store when he was 9 months old ... he clung to the cute frog so tightly that his Gramps declared , `` We are n't leaving this store without the frog ! '' He bought it and Dylan has been hugging it and playing with it ever since -LRB- he is 22 months now -RRB- ! This is an awesome toy ... cute and educational ... how can you go wrong ?! There is only one drawback to Little Leap ... his buttons are hard to push . I still have to push the buttons for him but we have a lot of fun together !
 My daughter just loves Little Leap - she considers him her friend . We spend hours playing with Little Leap . She has learned the alphabet and loves to sing along with Little Leap.She gets so excited when Little Leap asks her to pick the next letter and she gets it right . It is teaching her so many concepts relating to pre-reading . She is able to identify letters and is very proud of herself.Thank you for such a wonderful , fun toy .
 I PURCHASED THIS GIFT FOR MY SON 'S SECOND BIRTHDAY . HE IMMEDIATELY BEGAN TO DANCE AND SING ALONG WITH LEAP FROG IN RECITING THE ALPHABETS . HE HAS EVEN LEARNED SOME OF THE SOUNDS THAT CORRESPOND TO THE ALPHABET . HE BELIEVES IT IS JUST A NEW SONG THAT HE HAS LEARNED . HE HAS NO IDEA THAT HE IS LEARNING THE FIRST MILESTONE IN BECOMING AN EMERGENT READER !
 My daughter recieved this toy at 15 months . By 20 months she could recognize capital letters and call them by name , even when they were out of order ! We were at the post office and she stopped by the waste bin and spelled the word `` Waste '' -LRB- backwards -RRB- , pointing to each letter as she went
 We bought this toy for our daughter -LRB- not quite two -RRB- and she absolutely adores it . It 's the toy she goes back to again and again . She had no problem figuring out how to press all the buttons , and grins from ear-to-ear whenever she sees it . She 's been playing with it almost every day since we got it for her several months ago , and shows no signs of getting bored with it . If your child shows an interest in sounds/music , I highly recommend this toy !
 This toy is incredible ... my then 18 mo. old son -LRB- he is now 2 1/2 -RRB- learned ALL of his letters from this toy !!! He started playing with the letter sounds mode and eventually moved on to the random letter quiz ... my husband and I were SHOCKED as he kept pressing the correct letters !!! My son is now able to identify any letter of the alphabet !! We highly recommend this toy !!!
 I originally bought this toy for my oldest son , who is now 5 . He loved it and learned all his letters well before his third birthday . Now , my youngest plays with it and loves it just as well . It still works perfectly !
 My daughter received this toy for her first birthday but started playing with it at 16 months . She loves anything that plays music and the song is very catchy ... I hum it all day ! At 18 months she can tell me what sound about 20 of the 26 letters makes ! She can also point to many of the letters if I ask her to . We were amazed that this toy could teach her so much at such a young age . We highly recommend it .
 My daughter got this toy for Christmas 2002 -LRB- she would be 3 yrs old in 3 wks , at that time -RRB- and she NEVER touched the thing until a month ago . Now she and my 2 1/2 yr old son play with it often.It has really helped my daughter prounce letters more clearly and identify her colors with certainty . It has helped my son start identifying letters before he can really talk.It is a toy they can play with by themselves or together.I have n't had any problems understanding the voice commands.I would reccommend this toy to anyone and will buy another one if it does n't last for my 4 month old .
 My daughter is 15 months old and got lil leap for Christmas . He has a pleasant voice and turnsoff automatically when not used ! She sings the alpabet , lil diddys about a word -LRB- U is my favorite ! -RRB- and even tells a story about the letters -LRB- Emma Elaphant loves to Eat ! -RRB- It teaches phonics and colors as well . This soft cuddly guys has it all ! The buttons have seemed simple to push for her . She rocks and rolls to lil leap !
 I was impressed by how long my child played with little leap . I was also happy with the way the toy teaches her the A , B , C 's . The voice was not only loveable , but I did not get sick of hearing it . The toy is not only a learning tool for my two small childrens it is also a buddy . I have since purchased 4 other leapfrog pals and my family and I enjoy them all .
 My daughter has Little Leap and he is a FANTASTIC educational toy , teaches letters and phonics through fun songs even you will be singing . Highly recommend for your preschooler . At times his volume seems a bit too loud for my taste , I am not sure if this varies from toy to toy . He 's soft and cuddly enough to be a bedtime buddy too . -LRB- Beware of him talking occasionally through the night -RRB-
 My two boys , ages 3 & 4 , absouletly loves this toy . I hear it going for hours on end and them singing along !
 My 2 1/2 year old daughter learned all her letters -LRB- uppercase only -RRB- by playing with Little Leap ! She learned them in just a few months . She really enjoys playing with this toy , too.I 'd say that makes this toy worth every penny .
 My daughter got this for her 1st birthday along with a ball pit ... Which is one of those huge tents that the plastic safe balls come in ... You usually see them at a Chucky Cheese or a place like it ... Well Lil Leap won hands down ... She love it and can not get enough of it ... Her favorite part is the singing ... She can not properly pronounce her words just yet but she sings along with him and it sounds so cute ... I know that it will be just a matter of time before she is singing her ABC 's ...
 My son received Little Leap for Christmas 2002 - shortly before his 2nd birthday . He played with it some , but in the last 6 months he has re-discovered it . He was the first child in his daycare to know all his colors , his abc 's , etc. . He sings the `` A says ah '' song for every letter . If we travel , `` frog '' has to come with us ! I highly recommend this toy to any parent who wants their child to learn and have fun at the same time .
 My daughter received this for Christmas at the age of 17 months . At 20 months , she can say most of the alphabet , and those letters she can not say , she substituts the sound . Leapfrog is wonderful !
 Great toy for a good price . My son can not get enough of Leap . My in-laws bought it for him and they think it 's the best toy over . You can record the child 's name , city he lives in , dog 's name , people who love him , etc. . He loves to hear his grammy and grandad 's voices in the songs and stories .
 I got this toy at walmart on clearence . I could n't believe it since leapfrog toys are so educational and fun and cost way more than what I paid for this . I bought it for my boys and they love it . It teaches alphabets and comes with a book that help kids learn how to read along . I would highly recommend this toy along with many other leapfrog toys on the market .
 My daughter got this for her first birthday from a famiy memeber , I thought well she is a bit young but now at 16 months , she loves it ! I like the fact that it is educational , not just making noises , She is learning so much right now at this stage I am glad that there are toys like these to entertain yet teach and she loves it ~ what more can you want ! I can see this being a toy she loves still for awhile to come !
 Between this toy and Leap Frog 's fridge alphabet -LRB- and lots of time with her babysitter and me -RRB- my 21-month-old knows her alphabet . Not only has she been able to recognize all of the letters for about a month now , but she can recite from A-Z -LRB- only skipping W -RRB- . We bought Little Leap for her for Christmas based on another review that I read and are very glad that we did !
 At first I thought this toy would only keep my 2 year olds attention for a little while , but he keeps going back to it . I thought the tune and songs were too short and redundant , but that seems to be the attraction . My two year old sings along !! -LRB- because it 's so simple -RCB- . Leap say `` M say MMMM , M saysMMMMMthouch the letter say the sound , M says MMMM . and so on ... adults do n't get it , but toddlers do !! It also plays two or three other games ... colors etc. . Unlike other reviewers , We have not had trouble pressing the letters and getting the response .
 My Children really liked playing with the frog . They played for hours .
 My children , a 13 month old and a 32 month old , and admittedly , myself , LOVE this adorable little frog ! The eldest received this toy for Christmas last year , and I have to admit , I was a little skeptical looking at it in the packaging . So many electronic toys can be too loud , too tin-y sounding , and just overall annoying . Not this little guy . I find the volume to be an acceptable level , the voice is amazingly clear and easy to understand , and cute to boot . At less than 3 years old my daughter can sing the entire alphabet from start to finish without prompting thanks to Little Leap . I was going to detail all of the games that Little Leap can play , but as I took it out to inspect it , the 13 month old came over and grabbed it out of my hands so he could play with it ! =-RRB- One of the most fought over toys in my house , and provides long periods of educational entertainment . Highly recommend for children ages 1-6 because it is cute and fun enough to catch the attention of a young child , but some of the games are advanced enough to hold the attention of an older child . Since receiving this toy , I have branched out to other Leap Frog toys for my children , and I have to say I recommend the whole line !
 I havem mixed feelings regarding this toy.First the positive : First it is educational . It provides the letters , phonic sounds and numbers . It also has the double sounds of the vowels . It has games that you can play that reinforce the learning . It is very cute . It sings songs . Both of my older children -LRB- age 4 and 2 -RRB- enjoy this toy . It turns itself off with no use . This toy is really not very loud.The not so positive : It is not the clearest voice and sometimes I have a hard time understanding the letters . My son does not though . It also takes very little for it to come on , if you just bump one of the litle buttons , it comes on.I 'd say overall , that this is a quality toy that lives up to the Leap Frog name.I look for toys that are fun and easy to play with . I look for toys that have more than a button to push to make a sound . I look for toys that are not too loud . I look for toys that encourage exploration of the world and encourage creativity.Although this toy does not meet all of these requirements , it is a fun toy . It is one I would probably buy again.Enjoy .
 Little Leap is not only cute but offers educational entertainment for our little ones . The nice part about this toy is that the older your child gets the more interesting Little Leap becomes . At three and a half our youngest still keeps Little Leap in active play which prevents him from moving to the bottom of the stuffed animal bin . Little Leap is great for car trips and we soometimes catch our six year old interacting with Little Leap.This toy is definately not a waste of money . It is played with more than it is ignored . We are very satisfied with Little Leap and our children are too !
 My in-laws gave this toy to my son for Christmas when he was 19 months old . I thought he was a little young , but he did enjoy pushing all the buttons and making the frog sing.To my amazement , this toy taught him all the letters of the alphabet well before he turned 2 . After just a few months of playing with this toy , he could correctly point to any letter I named -LRB- `` Where is X '' -RRB- and correctly name any letter I pointed to -LRB- `` What is this ? '' -RRB- . The song to teach each letter is the same , so to an adult the singing is rather repetitious . But this does n't seem to bother children . After several months of play , a couple of the letters became hard to push , but that bothered me more than it did my son.I was impressed with how effectively an electronic toy could teach such a young child . I never set out to teach my son the alphabet so early , he learned it all on his own by interacting with this toy .
 My son received this for his 2nd birthday last month . He loves it ! After playing with it for only a few weeks , he has learned his letters and some of their sounds . I was amazed ! This is a great teaching toy . He loves to play with Little Leap !
 Yes , I love toys that teach and I love this toy . Kids love music and songs and I think that that 's the best way to teach . Froggie sings some catchy tunes while he teaches so the knowledge sticks . It also has a wonderful interactive feature that teaches while playing games . A nice response comes with a correct answer.Unfortunately the durabilty of this toy is poor . Do n't hit the buttons hard enough and you wo n't get a response . Too hard and the toy can break . There is just too narrow a range between the two points . Still , it 's an inexpensive toy so I do n't mind having bought a second one .
 I originally bought this toy for my nephew who was n't learning the alphabet . He mastered the toy with in a month . Since then , the same toy was given to my daughter to use at 2 years old . She too has mastered it . However , ... Leap is pushy in telling the child what to do and shuts off too quickly if they hit the wrong button or not hard enough . Now , the letters in the first 2 columns do not work at all . She is not aggressive with it so I know it was n't from rough use . ... , it seems this toy wears out from regular use with in 2 years or a little over . That is waaaay to soon -LSB- considering the price of the -RSB- toy ! Now I have to buy a new one so that she continues to learn the letters that do n't work .
 We LOVE this toy !! We love anything that 's educational ! My daughter loves this because it sings the alphabet and now at 2 and a half years old , she can sing it too ! She can also play the `` find it '' game with 100 % success . This toy has definately helped her become letter savy ! The only downside to this toy is that it is REALLY loud and there is no volume control , so it might be a bit irritating to adults . Also we 've never ever played with the alphabet book it comes with , maybe when she gets a little older we will . We will be buying more of LeapFrog 's toys !
 I am extremely disappointed in the quality and durability of this toy . I have twin boys and they love this toy and it got a lot of use . It started malfunctioning when slightly less than 1 year old . I referred to the info in the instruction manual and changed the batteries , cleaned the contacts , etc. and the toy continues to malfunction . Additionally , I also had purchased the little leap for my boys and the same thing happened !! The lights and music stoppped lighting up or working when pressed . Now the toy wo n't even shut off and I had to remove the batteries . No wonder Leapfrog Inc. only offers a 6 month warranty !
 An educational and fun toy . It offers many activities and my two year old likes the songs and it really helps her identify the letters , sounds and colors.It is very sensitive to the touch which makes it easy for little fingers to push , and too easy for parents to accidently turn it on just by picking it up and its loud enough to wake a light sleeper . My sister liked it so much she bought one for her son . Its a great educational toy and we 've had it over a year now and so far have not had any problems with it .
 I bought this for my son for his 2nd birthday . He slept with it every night for months and often still does over a year later . He quickly began to recognize all the capital letters and knows their phonics . Now at 3 he 's sounding out words and putting combos of letters together and sounding them out . He usually has to go through the song to figure out the sound if he 's unfamilar with the letter which is OK . I 'd rather him not though . I have one problem with it . The alphabet song stops so he can put in the missing letter . I think their should be 2 modes for this one to fill in the missing letter and the other to sing the song intirely . My son got very frustrated at 2 with the song stopping . It ca n't teach them their ABCs that way either . All in all it 's a great toy . I love the leap frog line . I feel leap frog gave him that extra push to learn the things he will need to know . Of course as with all learning toys it 's no good if someone does n't sit down and enforce what it 's teaching .
 It is truly amazing that in about 1.5 weeks , my 20 month old daughter could recite and point to every letter of the alphabet , not to mention consistent phonetic pronunciation , and identifying the color associated with each letter . It never ceases to amaze me how ingenious this product line is . Personally , I do n't get the frog theme but it is obviously NOT something my daughter cares about . Simply amazing !
 I have a two year old and a five year old . Both know their alphabet already but I really liked read and sing little leap . Both my boys love leap . They both know how to use him to work on things they like to do . They love hearing stories with things they know and people they love . i defiantly recommend to all parents to buy this leap frog .
 I have purchased this frog twice , and one time someone gave my son this toy , and out of the three we 've had -LRB- in two years -RRB- , none of them work . The computer chip seems to mess up and say some of the letters at the wrong time -LRB- or that is my experience , anyway -RRB- . Other than that , it 's fun while it lasts , but when it starts teaching my son to say `` P '' instead of `` H '' , that is n't good .
 This is a fun leap frog toy , and offers preschoolers a great way to practice the alphabet . The frog sings the alphabet song and stops randomly to ask the child to press the letter that comes next . It also has a setting that allows the child to press any letter to hear the sound it makes . Another option asks the child to find the letter ? It also comes with a small book that aids in teaching the alphabet . My two year old son likes the toy very much but gets bored with it after about 15 minutes . The only things I really do n't like about it are that the buttons are sometimes very difficult to push -LRB- especially for a small child -RRB- , and I found it a bit expensive .
 I purchased this for my 17 month old . I do n't expect her to be able to use it properly at this age . She loves singing and the ABC song is one of her favorites . Pushing buttons and getting a response is also fun for her . She likes it very much so far . I am impressed with the short and long vowel sounds that it makes for the letters . I find him easy to understand and use , it is very child friendly . I think in a year or two she will use him to learn the colors , letters , and spell words , at this point it is just very entertaining . Mine is a newer model and it does have a volume control inside the back panel on the battery case . It is easy to start this toy and I find that nice . All the buttons are easy to push . My daughter has not been frustrated with this toy yet at all .
 I 've used about 40 of these markers so far in my business . I used to use the Sharpie silver/metallic ink markers -LRB- non-paint -RRB- , the ones that look like normal black sharpie markers . Those work , but dry out quickly . When you first open one , the mark is bold - but after a small amount of use , the ink is faded and not as bold . A bit like those old crayola markers that faded if you drew too fast.These paint markers are completely different . Much brighter & shinier , they actually look like silver on black paper . The bold width is good , very think lines -LRB- but still very easy to write with -RRB- . You have to pop the top , shake them a bit , then keep depressing the tip on paper till the ink flows . I 've not had any trouble with them leaking or spotting - the tip seems to hold the ink well , thank goodness.These are great , and I 'll be using these continually for quite a while . Works out to about ~ 2 per marker here , which is much better than in store or in smaller quantities.The `` thin '' version is just as good , but with a thinner line and much less paint . I recommend these instead unless you 're doing fine work .
 The title says it all . The cookie jar is adorable , but shipping was a bit slow .
 My First Elmo is such a great toy . It 's soft and adorable , and the `` baby '' version is one that toddlers love . This one was a huge hit . There was much fascination about this Elmo having his own diaper and when Elmo might be ready to give up his diaper , too . It 's perfect for a 2-3 year old who is so aware of babies transitioning into various stages of independence . Lovely toy , much beloved .
 This is a Super Pal for kids . I bought this for my grandson . He already had one and I got this one to change out with the other one . He loves them ! They are hard to find . He now has the Cookie Monster too .
 My 5 year old daughter was so upset because we had to toss her favorite bath toys . They were those squirt animals/boat that you could never get all the water out completely and began to smell musty . So I decided to avoid the problem in the future and get something that would be able to dry , age appropriate and not take up a lot of space.There are many colorful pieces for the imagination ... the palm tree connect for a 3-dimensional look . Best part is it comes in it 's own storage mesh bag with suction cups . She loves to pretend she is a little mermaid ... and ca n't wait to get the other sets ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It took forever to get this toy from Amazon , but it was worth the wait . My 5-year-old loves it . She loves creating `` scenes '' with the pieces . Well worth the money .
 My Daughter got this wall clock 2 years ago as a gift . I like it because it has all of the numbers showing in the right order , so she can use it to learn time . My daughter loves it because it is pretty and has Tinkerbell on it . It still works perfectly , even though it was dropped once to change batteries .
 I bought this set as my introduction to Kato Unitrack . It is really high quality track , super easy to snap together and take apart , and by far superior to both Bachmann E-Z track and the Life-like brand . The layout itself is 6 ' 11 '' by 3 ' 10 '' , which is n't mentioned in the description here . It also DOES NOT come with a train controller , so be sure to pick up one -LRB- I highly suggest the MRC Tech 4 260 or 280 , depending on your needs -RRB- . One thing to consider
 I have this track on my HO Train Layout . No problems yet , stays together nice and smooth operation with my trains . Just ensure you clean the track frequently .
 I purchased this puzzle for my son he 's 2yrs . He just loves putting the pieces back in and out , the puzzle has 5 pieces , and that seems to be just enough for him to have fun with , and not get bent out of shape trying to put them back in , or lose interest ! This is a great learning puzzle ! I would recommend this puzzle , we love it !!
 My eight month old son loves his Leapfrog Little Touch , so I thought he might like this too . He 's not quite able to get the pieces back into their slots , but he likes to take them out & play with them , then bang them into the board . The board is very durable , as are the pieces . They 're made of a thick plastic , with stickers on both sides . So far , he 's done a lot of chewing & drooling on them all , but none of them are any worse for wear . I also like that although some of the pieces will fit into other pieces slots -LRB- the circular cow will fit into them all , for example -RRB- , the peg will only touch the touch pad in the correct slot . So , you wo n't have any oddball animal mix-ups ! Each animal has three phrases when its peg hits the touch pad - one is a real animal noise , followed by the animal saying a cute , rhyming fact about itself . My favorite is the cow ; `` My milk is used to make ice cream & cheese . I am a cow & I moo when I please ! '' Children say ` Please moo ! ' , & a cow moo 's . The second is the real animal sound followed by a simple , `` I 'm a dog ! '' , or whatever the animal is . The third is a child making a noise , then asking your baby to make it with them , & repeating the noise ; ie , `` Cock-a-doodle-doo ! Now you cock-a-doodle-doo with me ! Cock-a-doodle-doo ! `` It also includes a simple 30 second or so long song activated by a button , which invites your baby to press on the animals to contribute to the song . Its a little peppy & annoying , but not too long . There is also a ` find the animal ' game which gives a clue about an animal , then asks your baby to press that animal . It also has a simple Spanish mode , activated by pressing a button . When an animal is pressed the real animal noise sounds , then it says the name in Spanish , then ` That 's -LSB- the animal -RSB- in Spanish ' . Its not as fun as the English mode , but its better than nothing.Overall , this is a really fun puzzle , & worth tracking down if you have a Little Touch already .
 I was happy to find that the Little Touch Leap Pad made puzzles for their product . My daughter has recently become interested in peg puzzles and she likes her Little Touch Leap Pad so I thought this might be a good purchase . I have been very happy with this puzzle . She enjoys the sounds song and game . She also really likes horses so the horse in the heart shape is definately her favorite . I am planning on purchasing the ` Let 's get moving ' puzzle . I wish they had one that was maybe pets as my daughter loves cats as well . I gave it four stars because it 's not something she plays with every day but she does enjoy it in short intervals when I bring it out . -LRB- About 2 or 3 times a week -RRB- . I still think it is worth the purchase especially from Amazon/Toys R Us . It is more expensive through other sources .
 This game if fun to play . Children work on counting , reading , and decision making . To play this game you have one dice to roll . Your piece -LRB- plastic RJ , Vern , Stella , Hammy -RRB- moves onto the board , then you choose which way to go . You can change direction and on some places on the board you can go 4 or 5 ways to get to the best spot . Sounds confusing but it is n't . Along the way you collect food tokens by landing on them or drawing the card . A cookie , pizza , nachos , hot dogs , cake , candy and pretzles . You collect all 7 to win . If you like Over The Hedge you will enjoy this game .
 I would reccomend this toy to anyone who into scary movies . The figures are so real looking , but be careful because freddy 's knifes are delicate .
 My daughter loves Atomic Betty . So it was a nice surprise to find this . She enjoys her View Master & thought that this was pretty cool .
 The figure has a good representation of Ken Shamrock . The shipment and delivery was hasty . Even though the figure was a little nicked , it is in good shape .
 We are big fans of the Little Touch books as a way for us to sit with our little guy and look at the pictures . -LRB- He is 10 months now , but we started with this book at 6 months . -RRB- We like several of the books , but the sounds and messages of this Pooh Bear book are delightful . We often shut off the story and just use the pictures and sounds to talk to the baby . It is a very engaging way to calm him and share a quiet time . It is not a substitute for reading to the him , but it is a fun additional activity .
 My son loves to play with his baby leap pad and loves playing with the books . I like the fact that he can chew and play with the book and it does n't harm it .
 my daughter is in love with Winnie the Pooh , what a perfect nondestructible book !!!! what a fun way for her to start reading `` on her own ''
 I bought this for a client whos baby just loves it . Great item a must have
 Product delivered in 1 day in good condition . My grandson just loves reading the book.LeapFrog LittleTouch LeapPad Educational Book
 Although I did n't know that I needed the LeapPad , my 16 m son loved this book , even without the pad .
 I purchased this game to play with my three-year-old grandson . He loves the characters from `` Over the Hedge . '' The smells are unique , to say the least , but he has fun with them.He also likes to match the cards .
 looks good . colors are bright and cheery for a toddler . thanks for the prompt service .
 Great toy ... Teaches colors , numbers , and stacking . Volume control a plus . Cute songs .
 My son LOVES trains , so he likes this toy fine . He 's two and he does n't understand connecting the train it asks for , but the toy just sings a song about whatever train is connected . He also dropped the engine in the tub and it did n't work for a few days . Once it dried out though it worked fine .
 I bought this for a friends son . He loved it and I only paid about 1/4 of what I have seen it for at stores and even on tv shopping channels !
 TO : New York Bargain HunterFirst of all , I doubt much of the paint was even swallowed by your little one.Second , WHERE have you been the last decade plus ??? The paint used today in infant and childrens toys is generally non-toxic and LEAD FREE ! Your child will not die from it any more than he will die from having the walls painted in his bedroom.Third , you should probably find a new doctor , because your current one must think you are insane for making an appointment for a little paint chipping.Fourth , you should call and apologize to whomever you chewed out at LeapFrog because they make exceptional infant , toddler , and children 's products!My son loves this toy train and it is completely safe or it would not still be on the market.TO
 I bought this for my daughter at 11 months . She has n't played with it much because of my train crazy almost 3 year old son . I like this toy . The songs are pleasant sounding -LRB- nice -RRB- if repetitive -RRB- what kid 's toy is n't ? As you add trains it names off the number car and asks the child to add other color cars .
 This train is a lot of fun . The songs are catchy and easy to sing along with . There are several different songs depending on the train mode so as a parent , it does n't get too irritating.The toy itself is built out of strong hard plastic which has survived the dog chewing on it and being thrown around the room . There is a switch that changes modes which includes an OFF mode for parents.Learning motor skills , my kids easily hook up the different cars to the train engine and love hearing a new part of the song . Depending on the mode , they learn about colors or numbers.Stacking the cars is another way to play with this toy . I 've never seen a `` train tower '' in real life , but the kids love making these at home . The best part is always knocking it over !
 I bought this for my son when he was 10 months old . He loved trains and of course he loves this one too . When we brought it home we discovered that when you hook the cars onto the engine it recognizes which one you have put on and will tell the child -LRB- depending on the setting -RRB- what color or how many objects are on that train car . Each car attaches by magnet but is strong enough to hold when they pull it . The cars also stack together for a nesting toy . My son likes that it talks and he enjoys the bright colors and music -LRB- which can be turned off by the way -RRB-
 My daughter likes this toy . She likes the songs , and she likes that she can take it apart and put it back together . When you put the train pieces together , it knows what car was added and sings the appropriate song . I think it helped her to learn colors , as well as learning the meaning of `` It 's backward , sweety . '' Like most tos , my daughter grew bored of it after a motnh or so and was ready for something new . I guess that 's a good thing , but it 's expensive !
 This train is really cool . My two and a half year old son loves it even though we bought it for the 8 month old . The songs are great and the interactivity with attaching cars is cool . The only problem is that it is too loud . The low setting is as loud as it should ever go , and the loud setting must be for playing with it inside a loud factory . Inside a house the loud setting is deafening . It would get 5 stars if I did n't wish I were wearing earplugs ...
 We received this toy used but it is my son 's favorite toy ! Hours of fun -LRB- okay so I might find it boring but what 's important is that he loves it -RRB- . He loves connecting the trains -LRB- something he figured out on his own to do -RRB- and pushing it around . He can point to the numbers and say them -LRB- with some success at accuracy -RRB- and he 's only 19 months old -LRB- he 's been playing with it since around a year old -RRB- . Very durable since my son throws it across the room despite my best efforts to keep the train grounded .
 This learning train is great . It stacks , it connects magnetically , you add any car and it tells you what color you 're adding . It is good for a one yr old to 3 year old.Strangely the Leap Frog site says it ca n't find a match when I type in Learning connections train . Just confirms I should shop at Amazon first.DorothyGrandmother of 6
 I bought this toy for my son when he was about 9-10 months old . He loves to hear the songs , and plays with it most of the time . One day , playing with him , I heard him said very quietly `` two '' after he heard from the singing song
 Bought this for my daughter . She does not understand the concept of the game but loves to build and knock down all the blocks.I love this game for that reason .
 My grandson enjoyed sleeping on the bed . It was easy to assemble and set up , and even easier to take down . Recommended for your little ones who come for a visit to Grandpa 's house .
 These beads are pretty cool.I bought them for my daughter to make bracelets for her friends . I will have to buy more soon .
 Beads are beautiful and plentiful . The color is long lasting and the hole allows a great amount of string through . Perfect for making Kandii bracelets for raves .
 Worth every penny . There are lots of little beads , perfect for my rainbow bracelets !! Thanks a bunch !
 My 5-year-old started getting into geography based on lessons she was having in her Kindergarten class . As a parent who seeks to expand new horizons for his children , I bought 4 of these and put them in different rooms in our studio apartment . Now , if my daughter is ever in geography quiz mode , I can easily facilitate her learning !
 I love the miniature tape gun because it 's cute . However , it 's not quite as functional as I 'd hoped . I ca n't wrap gifts with it , because the metal teeth that tear the tape also tear the giftwrap . It 's still fun to have around - I just tear the tape off and use it .
 Shipping was fast and this is great unique product . It would be perfect if it came with it 's own holster , but I was not disappointed .
 I got this as a gift for our warehouse manager at work . We do a lot of shipping and use full size tape guns . Great gag gift for an office party . I can also see this being very useful for wrapping presents
 These figures are choice . They are not for children because they are n't extremely durable . Drop it from shoulder height and a joint will probably break . Mind you , they are n't cheap quality , the quality is awesome , just not meant for rough play . The sculpt is awesome , it is very accurate to the video game characters .
 This is one of the most fun games parents can play with the 6 & older children . Spelling does not have to be perfect . Each person has a chance to be the judge of the answers , so kids are thoroughly involved.One card is chosen for the game . The other players get a two sided magnetic yellow board to write their answers on ; the judges reads the first sentence , which may have 1 or 2 blanks in it . The judge pushes the little spinner and that is the letter everyone must use for their first worrd . These are passed in , and mixed up -- then the judge distributes them again.You may get your own , you may not . When the two blanks are filled , the judge reads all the answers -LRB- along with the sentences -RRB- and then chooses the winner to be written on the erasable story card.The card passes to the next person , who becomes the judge . This continues until the story is completed -- then it is read . Very fun for both kids and adults .
 These dolls are beautiful collectible type dolls but my daughter does play with them as well . They are not hardy but their clothing is beautiful and well made . We do n't buy them for their educational value . They are just beautiful dolls for doll lovers .
 I love this doll . I love that the outfit is completely removable . I can hardly wait to start making tiny little dresses for her . The hat was a bit flattened when she arrived , but that was easy to fix , by putting it onto a small ball that I had.I would n't call this doll a `` toy '' , however . It 's not meant for small children . It probably would n't stand up to rigorous play . It 's more the sort of thing someone who enjoys dressing dolls would buy to dress and sit on a shelf .
 I have purchased a number of the small Sticky Mosaics for my daughter who is 3 . This one accompanied us on a weekend trip to a wedding by airplane . The self-contained nature of the package is just terrific , and this particular mosaic was colorful and fun . These Sticky Mosaics are perfectly sized for younger kids and educational to teach them their numbers and colors . Great toy !
 There was not much to go on when I ordered it so I took a chance . What I was really looking for was something wide and padded around the neck area . This strap is thin and not padded . It 's just over an inch in width and about 24 '' long . For the price , its o.k.
 I have two teenage sons who love to have groups of friends over . We leave our geomags on the coffee table and EVERYONE is always playing with them . They are pricy but worth it - the magnets are very strong and the pieces very durable .
 I just bought this toy and we love it . The buttons are easy to push so my daughter can do it herself . It 's safe to put in her mouth . It 's easy to clean and it can attach to her car seat . Great toy at a great price !
 My wife and I purchased a small piano for my 3 year old daughter and thought this would be good for our 10 month old son . It is great for keeping him interested while he plays with the various music , shape and color options . It can be turned on by simply hitting it . This is great for little kids but adults can set it off easily -LRB- It is also easy to turn off -RRB- .
 This toy travels well . I keep it in the car for my daughter to play with and she loves it . It 's a great size for a lap toy and yet is soft to the touch .
 My son loves learning toys by leap flog ! This one was really good its not one of his favorite ones but he still likes it more then a bunch of his other ones ! it gets his attention really well ! I recommend this to anyone !
 With her flash of red hair , devilish grin , and neverending schemes , Lucy Ricardo is -LCB- and still remains -RCB- the Queen of Comedy in television history . Mattel has created a series of dolls to commemorate the most classic episodes and any serious fan will find these wonderful dolls a MUST HAVE for their collection . The dolls were issued sporadically over the course of the last 15 years and this first one issued in the early 1990 ' 2 is extremely hard to find in good condition . Called `` Job Switching '' this detailed doll features Lucy in her Kramer 's Candy Factory outfit , with hat and adorable mini chocolates in hand . The box is created to look exactly like the assembly line where you can almost smell the sweet confections as she and Ethel stuff the chocolates down their dresses to keep up with the conveyor belt . Hilarious ! A priceless addition to your collection .
 my youngest child like this since he watches the show on cartoon network.he also uses it for his other action figure men
 We have had these for more than a year and love them . It is easy to take off the covers and throw them in the wash . I was worried about shrinkage but they fit just fine even after a spin in the dryer . They are also pretty stable - my smallest one will grab the sides and pull up and they do not topple over on her . We have not had any luck with the table being used for anything other than a `` jump rock '' . It has been relegated to the garage .
 I am a licensed family child care provider and purchased this set for our son 's room when he moved out of the nursery . I am soooo happy I bought this 4 years ago and so are the kids . Ours is in red . It took only 15 minutes minutes to put them all together , everything incredibly sturdy , the cushions are comfortable -LRB- though not foam-filled and super plushy , but I appreciate that as they seem to be more durable -RRB- , and it roomy enough for 10-year olds -LRB- possibly older -RRB- . The kids -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- have sat , stood , climbed , and even jumped on it -LRB- twice -RRB- daily for the past 4 years , but they are still like new ! The cushions come off easily for you to wash and the colors stay bright and do n't bleed , even after at least 10 washes . We also own the sofa couch from Guidecraft in blue and love that , as well . If you need a seating set for your own children , classroom , or childcare , I HIGHLY recommend this one . It 's worth every penny !
 I am a licensed family child care provider and purchased this set for our son 's room when he moved out of the nursery . I am soooo happy I bought this 4 years ago and so are the kids . Ours is in red . It took only 15 minutes minutes to put them all together , everything incredibly sturdy , the cushions are comfortable -LRB- though not foam-filled and super plushy , but I appreciate that as they seem to be more durable -RRB- , and it roomy enough for 10-year olds -LRB- possibly older -RRB- . The kids -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- have sat , stood , climbed , and even jumped on it -LRB- twice -RRB- daily for the past 4 years , but they are still like new ! The cushions come off easily for you to wash and the colors stay bright and do n't bleed , even after at least 10 washes . We also own the sofa couch from Guidecraft in blue and love that , as well . If you need a seating set for your own children , classroom , or childcare , I HIGHLY recommend this one . It 's worth every penny !
 These chairs have not left my boys sight ! They move them from room to room . They sit and read , watch birds , even playing their `` air guitars '' in them . My boys are 2 and 3 . A great investment . The chairs have room for growth , too .
 This was perfect for my 3 year old daughters birthday party ... she had such a good time playing with it . It seems a bit smaller than it appears in the picture though ... but it was perfect for her and her friends .
 I got this for my daughter 's 4th Birthday party . The kids had a ball with it . We used it as a carnival type game and gave prizes to the winners . That was almost 6 months ago and she still takes it out and plays with it . The bean bags are just her size .
 We got this for my 4-year old neice for Christmas because she loves Dora . WOW ! What a hit it was . She was begging to have it setup to play with and her two older brothers - and even our brother - had a blast playing with it . It continues to be a favorite . -LRB- They live in So . California so they leave it outside on their patio . -RRB- Highly recommend .
 I have had this for over a year and my three year old loves it . When she tires of throwing the little sand bags , it makes for a great tent/fort .
 My 4 year old granddaughter and her two cousins , ages 2 and 3 , enjoy throwing the small soft bean bags into the pockets . The bags are numbered to help with counting . Folds flat for storage or you can twist it small enough to put back into box .
 I bought this for my four year olds birthday party , it was fun the kids seemed to enjoy playing with it . I ca n't see it being entertaining for long but it served it 's purpose and the price is right . And it teaches a little hand & eye cordination , thats good .
 It 's a very cute idea . It has numbers on the bean bags , so kids have to figure out which hole to throw it in by the numbers on the bean bag and the number above the hole in the game . The numbers are not in order either , so it can be a little challenging . cute idea and for the price and the fact that it is a pop up toy , It 's great ! It stores so easily too !
 Last year I bought this toy for my 4 year old granddaughter , who loved it . Her sister , 2 years old at the time , also enjoyed it . They could both play it , each standing at different distances , to throw the bean bags into the holes . Since they both loved Dora , it was an extra plus . They are still playing with the game a year later . The game is also extremely durable .
 My 6 year old son with autism and neurotypical 4 year old sister have a great time playing with this . It helps establish pattern recognition , counting along with learning what some , none and all are in a tactile way . We have owned this set for just over 3 months and we come up with more ways to play with it all the time .
 I purchased these to use with my kindergartners . The blocks are a little smaller than expected , but I do n't think that matters too much . I thought they would be inch cubes , but they are 2 centimeters . I especially like the cards with 3D structures that my students must do some thinking about to build . The description says there are 18 cards , but really there are 33 .
 My daughter -LRB- 3 yrs old -RRB- absolutely loves these blocks . She loves to follow the patterns , make up her own , or just stack them .
 My 3 year old LOVES these cubes ! She enjoys building the enclosed designs and just stacking the blocks in her own pattern . It 's been a wonderful addition to our homeschooling time . She is occupied for a lengthy bit of time which frees me up to teach big brother 's challenging subjects ! Love these !!
 We have found so many fun thing to do with these cubes . My boys love coming up with different games to play with the cubes . We graph , make pictures , count , sort , and build with them . That is just few of the many things we do with the cubes .
 Product was exactly as advertised except the color of the red cubes was darker than on the cards . My 4 year old had trouble figuring out which cubes were supposed to be the red ones . Other than that , I would recommend this product to others
 I love this Winnie The Pooh Night Buddies . Comes with remote control and you can set between 5 , 10 , or 15 Minutes Song.One of the best Toys from Fisher Price . Highly recommended .
 I got this for my 2yr old son and thought it might be a little ` too babyish ' for him ... but he loves it . We put it in his crib last night and I rocked him while the music played softly in the background for about 10 mins and he was fast asleep . When I went to get him out of the crib this morning he was holding the toy and had to get it out too ... he 's been carrying it around and playing with the remote too . I really wish I would have had this when my boys were babies ... very neat little lullaby toy . The remote works great and you can adjust the volume -LRB- which many toys do n't allow -RRB- . I got it for $ 9.99 ... probably would n't pay much over that .
 This night light toy is wonderful The remote control is great so you can restart or stop it without the baby seeing you . Plus the songs it sings are cute and sweet
 i bought it for my child , and she really relaxs with it , its well made it and the music is sos weet , you must-have it , its durable and my baby recognizes the heart and she knows it means love , , so cute toy !!!!!!
 I bought this toy for my 3 mo old daughter for Christmas 2007 . She loved it . It was such a cute toy and really aided in her sleeping by herself as she got older . It was fun to peek in on her reaching her finger to make the toy play music or nature sounds . A couple of years later and her little brother came along and he also loved it . They had a hard time sharing , but it would go in his crib when he went to sleep and then when she went down a half hour later with her . Fast forward another couple of years and they both still love it . I tend my baby niece -LRB- 8 mo -RRB- who also loves it . Came on the internet to see if I could find it for a Christmas present for her , but see it is n't available any more . So sad as my husband just commented to me it was probably the one baby item we purchased that we truly got more value out of it than we paid . It is a great toy .
 We bought this for my first son when he was 1 , we transitioned him out of his crib shortly after and into a big boy bed . He loved this ... still has it and still loves it . Uses it every night . He is now 4.5 yrs old and shares a room with our second son who is 2.5 and he loves it too . In fact going to be getting another one as soon as we can find one , they are hard to find now . Shame we love ours so much , but as years go by newer items come out . Great items thought !
 Bought for my friends baby shower she just loved it . Hopefully Kassidy does too . : - -RRB-
 My son received this item for Christmas and he absolutely LOVES it . Because of his severe reflux , he is a belly sleeper . He was unable to see regular mobiles when I laid him in his crib and this was perfect . Now he is able to see the lights and hear the music while he is on his belly ! I actually bought a second one for Grandma 's house . Now that he is a little older , he is able to turn it on himself when he wakes during the night or early in the morning by just pushing on the shapes .
 What a fun sled ! Perfect sled for me , I 'm 5 ' 10 '' , and my son ! Took it out this weekend and I could not get my son off of it . I was worn out after 3 runs ... but my son just kept going ! Highly recommend.Thanks !
 We live in the mountains of Maine , and certainly have alot of experience with sleds . This is the nicest sled we have ever owned . The workmanship and quality is superb . The only problem is that it is almost to beautiful to actually use ! But when you do use it , it is fast and fun ! The only assembly is screwing on the handle , which took under a minute . Even the screw driver that comes with it to do that is nice ! You will be very happy with this !
 I purchased two of these for my grandchildren from Amazon . The price was good and they were available . When they arrived to my dismay only one was what I had ordered an &#34; Ultimate Flyer Original Sled &#34; . The other was a different style for infants . When I contacted customer service for exchange what I ordered was not available . I am very dissapointed in that you accepted my ordered , stated thr same in a confirmation that you had the two available and then only ship half of my order and tell me you are out of stock . I will be very skeptical on any future orders.The kid -LRB- s -RRB- does enjoy the sled , well one of them does .
 I absolutly love this sled ! It is always the fastest and most beautiful sled on this hills . I originally got the 52 inch sled , and after a few weeks and some rough bumps , it got a crack . I called the company and they immediatly sent me a new one . Because it was so late in the season , they only had the 47 inch one . As it turns out , I actually like that one better . They even let me keep the 52 inch one to continue using it , so that they would be able to figure out what went wrong and how they can improve . I got a sled pad for that one , and now you would never even know that it is broken . I was pretty bummed to have a broken sled , but it is a wooden sled ... they break . The important thing is that this is a company that stands behind their work . I do not think that I could have gotten a better product anywhere else !
 I have been sledding on my sled , an original Ultimate Flyer , for over 5 years now . My kids -LRB- now 10 and 12 -RRB- have grown up using it . We go out sledding at our tiny local ski area on weekends , and at night down the steep town streets . Sometimes my husband and I go down the hill on the sled together -LRB- him lying down face-first , with me lying on top of him -RRB- . More often , though , I grab it or one of the kids does . It is what a sled should be
 We got two of these sleds for our kids last fall . We live in the mountains and get LOTS of snow . Our two boys were out on the sleds every day . After just a few runs they could easily get the sleds to turn and carve . They rode on their bellies , on their backs , sitting down , two on a sled - and there was lots of laughing . The sleds are still in good shape , broken in but ready for another winter .
 Definitely in a class by itself . Coolest looking sled on the hill . Old style looks on top and hidden newfangled technology underneath . Top speed on the hill that day at over 25mph !!!
 When I ordered this sled , I assumed I was ordering the 52 '' sled . The ad did n't specify the length -LRB- that would have been good information -RRB- and while the order was being processed , I contacted Amazon to clarify the length of the sled . They advised me that the sled I ordered was the 47 '' . They were very thorough and gave me the info I needed to stop the shipment -LRB- which was already on it 's way to me -RRB- and return it . I did return it and will soon reorder the larger sled from them . Their service was OUTSTANDING . I particularly chose this sled because it has molded plastic deep plates underneath to allow the sled to ride above soft snow and still allow you the ability to turn effectively . Once the slope is packed down , it is equally effective .
 This sled is rugged , good looking and easy to turn . My neighbors ' kid tried it out and he reported that because it fit him and only him perfectly , he did n't have to let his sister ride along . Now his sister wants the exact sled just for herself . I 'm sure she 'll get it because she has everything she 's ever wanted .
 This thing is sooo much fun ! My 5-yr old and my husband can each use it equally well - sled the exact lines they want , easily avoiding any bumps , trees , etc. . The kids like this original -LRB- shorter -RRB- version better than the 52 '' version that we also have . Plus , the sleds look awesome hanging on our den wall - beautiful , functional and FUN!Last year we cracked the bottom of our 52 '' ultimate flyer after one of the older kids went off a jump and landed on a sharp rock . The guys at Mountain Boy sent us a new base for it , and we were using it again the same day it arrived .
 It has n't snowed since we bought it , but we 'll be ready for next year ! It 's a really beautiful looking machine .
 Afterlife is one of few attempts at strategy from Lucasarts . When Afterlife came out it did n't quite recieve the success it deserved . The original idea and wonderfully zany asthetics hold up well even today , and the music is heavenly . I used to play the demo over and over again just to listen to the wonderfully gloomy music.Overall the game has an eerie and very unique atmosphere to it . And although the game is filled with humour , it 's also quite bittersweet in many ways , since it 's ultimately about heavy things like death and sin . I also like that the game is quite free of religious interference . There is no particular religion at play here , but instead Lucasarts has created its own universe , with its own religions and its own mythology.Although the gameplay might contain way too much micromanagment to be entirely satisfactory , this is a game everyone should give a try . It 's definitely one of the most artistic games I 've ever played , even if the actual gameplay is a bit flawed .
 There are so many scenarios you can come up with , I do n't see how you can get bored . When you first start out , stick with the mortal plodding mode , until you understand what you 're doing . After about a week it will become second nature to you , or sooner than that if you pick new things up quickly .
 Like some of the other reviewers the game I received said '' Macintosh Version '' on it . The first thing I did though was put the CD in the disk drive to see what would happend -LRB- on my 64bit VISTA system -RRB- . It ran with no problem . I ca n't install the game to the hard drive but this game can be played from the CD.I had spent two hours the night before getting Theme Hospital to work smoothly and it was a pleasent surprise when the 16 year old Macintosh version of Afterlife ran perfectly on my Windows Vista system.The game was delivered on time . It was in perfect condition . It works better than I expected it too.LucasArts was a class act back in the mid 90 's and the quality of those old games stands the test of time .
 This game has SO much to read and so much to do . The micromanagement can get a little tedious at times , but all in all , this is worth countless hours of enjoyment . The detailed descriptions of all the rewards and punishments kept me laughing for ages . This game was way ahead of its time and way too much fun . Still very much worth playing !
 - Nice foam like grip - Heavier plastic top ... when the wiffleballs are taken out the plastic is still a little on the heavier side for kids . - Hard plastic barrel is n't the safest in my opinion , but it appears pretty strong . - Have to see what the durability is over time ...
 GREAT ITEM MY NEPHEW LOVE IT AND THE BEST PART IS THAT IT WAS A BIRTHDAY GIFT AND I RECEIVED IT IN TWO DAYS AFTER PLACING THE ORDER RIGHT IN TIME FOR MY NEPHEW PARTY !!! NEPHEW LOVE WRESTLING AND NONE OF THE STORE HAD THIS ACTION FIGURE .
 I really like this table and chairs set , however I find it a bit to large for my tiny 14 month old daughter . It is wonderful though and will be a great place for her to do crafts and such when she is a bit bigger . Lipper does have a few that are smaller in scale and size if you are looking for something smaller .
 MY SIX MONTH OLD SON LOVES THIS PRODUCT . EVERYTIME I PULL LILLY OUT OF HIS BAG , HE GETS A HUGE SMILE ON HIS FACE AND GETS VERY EXCITED . HE CA N'T SPEAK YET SO I WILL HAVE TO LET YOU KNOW IF HE LEARNED FROM IT . I AM GUESSING THAT HE WILL KNOW HIS NUMBERS BEFORE PRE-K ! LOVE THIS TOY/EDUCATIONAL TOOL .
 Lily is so cute and simple . My daughter has had her since she was born and started enjoying her when she was about 6 months old . She is now 11 months and loves the fact that she can now make Lily sing -LRB- I do n't think she knows how she does it as she appears surprised everytime -RRB- . She loves to hear Lily laugh at the end of the song and always laughs with her . Lily only sings one song , and although it can be annoying to me , my daughter loves knowing what to expect from her .
 This is really cute , we also have the leap one that says the abc 's , the only noticible difference is this one has a shorter song than the other one . . other than that , it is so cute , vibrant colors , says the numbers , we bought this for our 2 month old . . she loves to look at it and hear the childish voice of `` lily '' our two year old really likes it as well , and since he 's learning to count , he says numbers along with the toy . . would reccomend to all . would also reccomend the `` boy '' verson leap as well .
 However the only reason I bought it was it was around 5 dollars on clearance , because these are kinda over priced , I also was disappointed it was made in China , which also means CHEAP LABOR and IMHO they are price gouging . And recently there was a notice about formaldahyde levels being 900 times the legal limit in baby clothes which made me promptly get EVERYTHING washable ; toys in cluded and wash several times , I did n't know there was a legal limit to expose adults , much less infants and children to formaldehyde . .
 My 3 & 1/2 month old daughter LOVES Lily . She `` kisses '' her and giggles everytime Lily giggles . I think it 's a great toy and it will teach her to count from 1 to 10 -LRB- to a tune -RRB- .
 This is a very cute toy and I love that it plays a counting song . Great price too ! My only complaint is that it only plays the one song . It would be a lot more interesting and fun if it played a few songs . Overall I 'm happy with it .
 My daughter loves this toy . It is easy for her to push lily 's tummy by herself and get her singing . There is only one song and it does get in your head - but my daughter really loves it and still plays with it at 14 months old . You can get past the one song thing when you realize that your child is hearing Lily count 1-10 over and over and will soon be repeating it .
 I do agree with some of the reviews I read about her only being able to sing 1 song but I decided to get her anyhow for our newborn niece for Christmas . I think she 's cute and will be great for little ones ! Nice that she has a hook to attach onto the stroller or carseat too !
 My daughter really likes this and when she was really young 4 months or so this is the only thing that would calm her in the car , so it was a life saver . My warning is that it can become really annoying and the song can easily be stuck in your head . But overall it worked out well for us and it was something my daughter loved .
 I bought this at a consignment sale for like $ 1 when my little girl was about 6 months old or so . She liked it but never really LOVED it like she does some of her other toys . but she is 2 now and has sort of `` rediscovered '' Lilly and she just LOVES her . She dances around and sings the 1-2-3 - song over and over . Its been a great way to teach her how to count to 10 . I wish it did a little more though . Like count to 10 in spanish also or do the alphabet too . But for what it is , Skye LOVES it and I got it for a great deal .
 My son loves the Baby Leap Frog that does the alphabet -LRB- I hung it by his changing table -RRB- so I got him this one . He loves Lilly and will smile when she starts to sing and will pat at her when she is n't . He is now 4 months old and just smiles big when he sees her . The only downside is the counting song is very , very short -LRB- just 1 -10 -RRB-
 I had been looking for LeapFrog Lily for some time . My oldest gradson loved his LeapFrog Leap & I knew there was a numbers singing Lily . I was very pleased with this purchase and my grandsons , ages 8 months & 8 weeks absolutely love her .
 We love our little Lily . We had one in the family for years but then she met her fate under the tire of a car when my 1 year-old dropped her while we were on a run . That one still worked , tire tracks and all , but the sound was too muted for my daughter 's taste , so we invested in another one . She is one of my daughter 's favorite toys . We love her !
 I purchased this for my son who is a big fan of Star Wars and at the moment loves Jango Fett . The item was exactly how described and he loved it .
 My daughter 's day care has this toy and she LOVED it . If I picked her up and she was on this she would get so upset that it was time to get off the puppy . So after a while I looked for one to have at home . When we bought it she was 2 years old . She was on it ALL THE TIME . Made it easy to get dinner ready . We 've now owned it for about 6 months and she has lost interest in it , but I still feel that it was well worth the money . Plus when my son is old enough he can use it too .
 My daughter received this toy at 2months of age and it has been and continues to be one of her favorite toys today at 8 months . I love the volume control and the fact that its small enough and lightweight for her to hold . Im guessing one of her first songs will be the alpahbet song because of this toy . Actually she loves when we sing the ABC song to her and she recognizes it because of this toy . Highly recommended .
 My little girl LOVES Leap and Lily ! At one year old , you ca n't hear the alphabet too much .
 My son received this as a Christmas gift when he was two . Right away he fell in love with it when he heard it sing and talk . He played for the longest time with it and did n't want any more presents ! He still goes and gets it from time to time and just sits down and plays with it forever . I love it because it 's small for small hands . Also because it has the loop at the top that can be attached to diaper bags , strollers , baby carriers or whatever so that it ca n't get dropped or lost . The enunciation on it is awesome , the speed of the songs and speaking is awesome because it makes it so much easier for kids to learn when things are clear and slow . A great toy .
 I got this for my sons first birthday . Leapfrog is the only show that he watches like there is nothing else around him . His birthday is in April but I know he will love him . Leap speaks loudly -LRB- there are settings -RRB- and is very clear . He is a good size too . not to big and not to small . : -RRB-
 Great little toy . Also sings the alphabet song to help you learn . My little girl loves this at her daycare , so I had to buy one for home for her . She loves playing with it and making it sing the alphabet song .
 My 8 month old grandson absolutely loves Leap and has loved him since he was about 4 weeks old . The ABC 's are sung and that always got his attention . I wanted one for my youngest grandson , who is 8 weeks old . His parents say he absolutely loves Leap too . I 'm sure he will love Leap as his older cousin does for months to come ... our absolute favorite toy !!!
 Kids cant get enough and love playing with LeapFrog products . Not even kowing how much they are learning ... because of all the fun they are having . Another hit !
 we have this toy since the past year and half and it still works just as great . It clearly introduces `` A-B-C '' song . It is great for the introduction to alphabets . However if you want to introduce the letter sounds first , this toy is not really for you . The reason I love this toy is because it occupied my child for a long time during a looong overseas trip without annoying my fellow passengers . It is very easy for a baby with basic motor control to operate the toy , so it gives them a sense of independence too . Now we are using the letter factory and of course Leap had to come out from hiding so that my child could cuddle with him while watching letter factory , which we love too . But that is another review . Overall , a great toy for older babies and young toddlers .
 I got this for my little baby to hang on the handle on his car seat so he could look at it in the car . It 's cute and entertaining for him and best of all he listens to the abc song over and over in the car . I have a 3 year old and even though I bought it for the baby he likes it too so my 3 yr old pushes it to make the song come on for the baby.Like other reviewers said the clarity is good and you can understand what letter it is saying unlike other abc toys that talk.It 's basic and exactly what you 'd expect it to be and the kids like it .
 My son loves this toy . The alphabet song is nice and slow and clear , and most importantly , my son likes to take it with him everywhere .
 When I first saw this toy in the store , my daughter seemed to be mesmerized by it so I bought it for Christmas . I must admit that it did n't have the same affect on her , however she still enjoys looking at it and responds well to the ABC song . I believe that it will still be very instrumental in her learning and development . I would definitely recommend it .
 My 15 month old baby LOVES this ! She knows how to press the button anytime and dances . If I say to her , `` ABC '' she goes and starts the doll 's song . I also love the Lilly that sings `` 1-10 '' numbers .
 My son loves this toy still , even though he got it months ago . He still cracks up laughing when Leap starts singing the alphabet and I love it because it makes him so happy . I 'm a big fan of leap pad toys , and if you have a little one , this learning toy is simply great to help them learn their alphabet .
 From about 6 months until 12 months -LRB- and only because he then got Tad and Baby Tad -RRB- , Leap was my son 's best friend and favorite toy . He carried him everywhere around the house and we took him on all family trips . I honestly do n't find the song annoying . It has an off , low , and high volume setting so we do sometimes put Leap `` to sleep '' when we think the song may annoy others around us -LRB- i.e. plane rides -RRB- . I would definitely suggest this toy to others .
 There are three things that made me LOVE this toy :1 -RRB- Excellent enunciation - the letters are extremely easy to hear & spoken very clearly .2 -RRB- Great speed - The song is slightly slower than how I learned the ABC 's , which is key for the `` L-M-N-O-P '' section that many children think is one letter -LRB- I had a child ask me what ` elemenohpee ' looks like once -RRB- .3 -RRB- Lack of superfluous `` and '' - The end of the song goes
 My 2.5-year-old son is fascinated with the alphabet these days & saw this in the store . I could n't resist getting it . He played it nonstop for an hour & sings with it !!! It 's really helping him learn to say the alphabet !!! LOVE it !!!! :-RRB- It 's just the classic alphabet song & there is a volume control in the back panel . We 're taking it on a car trip soon & the song may get annoying ... but our little boy will know his alphabet by the time we get home , for sure - and it will hopefully keep him happy ! ; -RRB-
 We have the big Tad and love it so I bought this little one for our 4 month old son . It does n't have many features - just a cute little alphabet song . But - it is perfect size for carrying along with you . It has a clip to put on a stroller , carseat , crib and we use it all the time like that . Also , the size is not so large so the baby can grab it and play with it , where as the large tad we have to hold for him . It 's a great little toy for the money !
 I bought Leap for my granddaughter . She already had Lilly , who teachces how to count from 1 to 10 , and loved her , so I thought she would like Leap as well . I was right . She is 11 months old and can easily push the button on his belly to make him start singing the ABCs . She loves to dance to the music . I also love that it has a ring on the top so you can attach it to stollers or high chairs easily . Also , the volume is adjustable and easily turned up or down .
 First things first - if you do n't like toys that make noise this is not for you . My son picked this toy up in the store and was entertained for the next 30 minutes while I shopped . He has always been a very active child and it was great to find something that kept his attention for the whole trip . Yes it only does one thing ... but he learned the ABC song on that trip . Now -LRB- a year later -RRB- even though he knows the song he will still pick it up from time to time and sing along .
 I bought this toy for my god son and he loves it . It 's very cute & educational !
 This was a very well love birthday present for my year old nephew . As with all leap products great educational value . He loved it !!!
 My son is 16 months old as of tomorrow and received this for a Christmas present 1t 6 months old and has loved it ever since ! For a long time we had it strapped to his stroller so he would n't get bored on walks . He has since figured out how to take it off so now it stays inside and gets carted around with him just about everywhere .
 My son has this toy and Learn-Along Lily . He will make Leap -LRB- and Lily -RRB- sing over and over again . He also likes to carry both toys around together . If he plays with one he believes he has to play with the other . Leap 's voice is cute and not annoying . Makes a good toy for grocery store trips . Better purchase than the Learn-Along Lily .
 My six month old daughter has had this toy from birth -LRB- early 2007 -RRB- . She loves Leap ! At first , the bright colors and alphabet song would distract her during car rides . Now , she especially enjoys the song . The attached ring is great to place Leap either on the car seat , stroller or even her crib.Our nieces and nephew all under 24 months also like Leap . They always press his belly to play the alphabet song . One of our nieces took him to play and kept dropping him on the concrete outside a plaza . Although you can not put this toy in the washing machine , I was able to use some washcloths to wet down and scrub the toy very well with some dishsoap.I enjoy seeing the baby 's face when she hears the song . If you do n't want the song to play , though , there is a switch behind the doll that turns the music function off .
 I was thirsty one day so i decided to purchase this `` realistic water '' . I placed it in the refrigerator as you would any beverage , and waited until it was quite cold . upon cracking open the bottle and taking my first sip , it immediately became apparent that the water had expired . please check the expiration date on this water , before drinking .
 Adding water effects to a diorama takes it to the next level . Lots of different products like casting resin look great but are labor intensive -LRB- adding and measuring catalyst -RRB- but this product is simple
 This product is great and its preformace was all that it claim to be I would use it again . its easy and dry over night.AMAZON.COM
 Works very well with minimal work . Simple directions that yield great results . Takes a little while to dry , but well worth the wait.Update for clarification : Three things you should know that my husband did not realize when I gave it to him :1 . Do not shake the container -- as you shake it , it heats and could start to harden in the bottle ; 2 . The viscosity of this stuff is not very high , so the best thing to do is add one thin coat at a time to avoid making a mess -LRB- Note
 It works like it says , is realistic , easy to use and looks great . I have no need or desire to look any further for my war-gaming river or water needs . It delivers on its promise , which is all I ever wanted .
 This stuff is great for producing realistic water falls and lakes and ponds , I make my ponds , add the realistic water add a tint of green or blue paint and swirl it around and it dries to a hard top and looks great .
 I ca n't really say this is a toy . I 'm very satisfied with this product . It does make lakes and ponds on train platform look very realistic . Very Easy to work with .
 This is Great stuff ! If you need to have water on your train layout this is the product to do it . You pour it on and let it dry . -LRB- -LRB- Be sure to have an enclosure until it dries . -RRB- -RRB- When dry it is translucent and looks very much like water . You can add more layers or you can move the almost dry fluid to make ripples . I am very satisfied .
 This is a good product . It is wasy to use and does not have the risks and problems of using real water .
 WE CREATED A JACUZZI FROM AN HO GUAGE PLATFORM THAT HAD A HOLE IN IT FOR A BUILDING . REMOVING THE BUILDING WE THEN PUSHED A STRIP OF PLASTER CLOTH THROUGH THE HOLE SO THE EDGES HELD IT IN PLACE WHILE THERE WAS A SAG UNDERNEATH LIKE A TUB . PAINTED THE PLASTER CLOTH THEN COATED IT WITH FLEX PASTE AND LET IT DRY HARD BEFORE ADDING THE FIRST LAYER OF REALISTIC WATER.REALISTIC WATER IS A GREAT PRODUCT FOR PRODUCING LAKES-STREAMS-RIVERS AND OTHER WATER FORMATIONS FOR MODEL LAYOUTS.WATCH OUR VIDEO YOUTUBE VIDEO TO SEE EXACTLY HOW WE USED IT.COPY AND PASTE LINK BELOW OR EMAIL US AT -LSB- ... -RSB-
 i am very very pleased with this bear i expected a average pos bear but his bear is actualy made of good quality material and looks amazing ... shipping was prompt and excellent i would recommend this product
 The package arrived in a timely manner , and there was no damage whatsoever . The price was great for the quality , and I would highly recommend this company and product
 this is the first out of the many new dollar coins being realesed by the us mint . the us mint is hoping that these will get in circulation but i doubt they will theyll have to take a break printing the dollar bill . the dollar bill will always chose among the coins sure it maybe used in new york or in parking meters but thats it so maybe they will circulate just fine . all in all this is a good purchase great for any coin collector
 This artist did a much better job with the Washington likeness than lots of the others did . A great start but some are just not that great . You got ta have them all though .
 This coin is very inspirational if you know the history of the man behind it . Like other Presidential Coins , this one has stories behind the man upon the front of it . George Washington was a great leader and American . This coin is a great piece for those who appreciate what he gave the country and what inspirations have come from him . The coin is well detailed and is a great collectible , as well .
 fast shipping , Just got it today , a nice coin in wonderful condition.good service and experience , Strong recommendation for collectors.Hope you have a good business .
 This is the first out of the many new dollar coins being realesed by the us mint . A good purchase ; great for any coin collector .
 Bought for my father and started collecting for myself . Arrived in great time , good for collectors .
 i wish it would be more yellow in color . . its in between yellow and silver . . anyway its for my son . . he is happy
 I 've had these cards for over 6 months now and they are still in perfectly good shape and all in one piece . These cards slide on the poker table just nice for dealing and is perfect for shuffling also .
 EL PRUDUCTO FUE ENTREGADO CON LAS ESPECIFICACIONES MOSTRADAS , EN EL TIEMPO OPORTUNO Y EN LA FECHA ESTIMADA . RECOMIENDO 100 % . EXCELENTE PRODUCTO !!
 I bought this puzzle for my daughters two years ago , and they still drag it out to play with it ! I 'm amazed , really , at how much my little girls have enjoyed dressing this princess over and over . My four year old has played with it a lot more than my eight year old , but the oldest still plays with this every now and then , too . This puzzle was a life-saver for doctor 's offices , errands , and anytime I needed to keep a busy toddler occupied . It 's well worth the money , and it still looks great , even after being tossed around and toted all over town . I 'm very impressed .
 A very durable , updated version of `` Paper Dolls '' . Educational ? Not really , but seems to keep 2-4 year olds occupied , either by themselves or in a small group , for quite some time . I would say `` stimulates crativity '' more than `` educational '' . -LRB- I hear them making up stories as they 're changint the outfits around -RRB- .
 I bought this as a gift for my 3 year old daughter . She loves playing dress up & loves wooden puzzles -- this is the best of both world 's !! It keeps her entertained on car trips and she loves mixing & matching the outfits with her friends !
 I have a princess-obsessed 2 year old who loves this puzzle . Fun to mix and match and make her favorite combinations . And as always , great quality from Melissa & Doug .
 I have 2 girls , 19 months & 2 1/2 . I purchased it for my 2 1/2 year old , but both girls love it . The pieces fit easily in their spots , there is no pushing to get the pieces in . Nice change in boards , my girls are tired of the food/transportation boards . This is a nice change .
 Really cute girl puzzle , and it helped my daughter learn some more colors as she was dressing the pretty princess .
 My granddaughter loves puzzles and Melissa and Doug offer quality and difference to the young mindKylie did n't want to open her other gifts until she played awhile with this
 REMINDS ME OF THE PAPER DOLLS I PLAYED WITH AS A CHILD . I THINK THIS TO BE AN EXCELLENT GIFT .
 I purchased this puzzle as a gift for a little girl who just became a big sister . It 's no fun to watch your baby brothers get all the gifts , right ? Anyway , her mom says she loves the puzzle !! It appealed to me because of the creativity it inspires . The knobs looked easy to manipulate for little hands . I love M & D puzzles , so this was a great deal .
 My toddlers love this puzzle . It seems so simple with only two shapes to fit , but it 's taught them about matching similar colors or patterns to create an outfit . They love changing her clothes , and my 3-yr-old daughter has gotten really particular about how which shirt goes with what skirt . It 's kind of like dressing a paper or magnetic doll , but toddler-safe with big chunky pieces . They have had many hours of fun with it , and I think it 's a cute idea .
 I love Melissa and Doug products . They are durable and a lot of fun . My three year old and one year old love playing with these puzzle pieces . They make great gifts too !!
 I bought this puzzle for my just turned 3 year old daughter after seeing her play with it at preschool . She loves it and for the price it is great value .
 Our twin 3 yr . old granddaughters love the puzzle . The interchangability gives them the impression of paper dolls -LRB- a grandma term -RRB- , but it is easy for their little hands . It is durable and very well made .
 This doll is so cool ! I love her clothes ! This is my favorite Bratz doll even though I dont own it . This doll comes with great acessories as you can see plus an extra outfit ! I want this doll soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo BAD !!! Bratz Rock & so do My Scene ! * ~ K3L7M5 ~ * BYE
 I really like her but her Animal Fur coat is really bugging me ... the bratz are cool but with animal fur are they saying that killing animals for fashion is cool ? And even if it is fake fur I am not really happy with it.So I bought her but * lost * the fur jacket -LRB- although I like the black rose , it adds a touch -RRB- . She has light pink eyeshadow topped with camouflage green eyeshadow that goes about halfway up to her eyebrows , so at least it is n't too layered . She has a shear lipgloss which is gorgeous . Sadly , I lost her mesh skirt but oh well . It IS a mesh skirt , the top is real fabic though . And she has painted underwear * thank the lord * .
 She is the BEST bratz EVER !!! Oh my god ... you 'll never believe but you 've GOT to buy her !
 Well , I do n't actually have her , but i thought she was so pretty ! I only have 1 jade , the girls nite out one , and she is n't the greatest in MY opinion . i rated a 5 for durable because none of my bratz have broken at all , and i have 21 , and i 've been collecting since April 05 . 3 for educational , because she really is n't educational :P 4 for fun because i have lotss of fun with the bratz that i own . . & 5 overall becasuse i think MGAE did a really good job with the make-up ; there are n't any too-bright colours like hot pink or anything . and green and pink look reallyy good together ... =-RRB- ***
 Okay , you are not gon na be mean to Sara.I am really dissapointed that you would blame my friend Sara of ... I ` m not even gon na say it because that is so inapropriate.I do n`t understand why people have to be jerks ... ESPESSAILY when they ar n`t even mean.LGP3LNCEVERYTHING LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYRODCK SQUARED
 I just wan na say Congrats to Jade on being a * Punk Princess * -LRB- that line was borrowed from the creator of play-mania . com -RRB-
 This Jade is beyond totally awsome . She is one of my favorites in this colelction , Cloe , Jade , and Fianna are my faves . I already pute them on my Christmas list , and I 'm hoping to get them badly , especialy Cloe and Jade . I love her outfit , she has nice jet black hair , and she is too pretty . Bratz rock .
 Who would 've ever thought to wear a camouflage top with a crown and a pink , tutu-like skirt ? Why , the Bratz , of course ! Jade is so gorgeous in this collection . I love the sparkly green belt and bow on her skirt , it adds a wonderful touch . Both of Jade 's outfits are fantastic and she 's one of the hippest princesses I 've ever seen !
 oooo . dang . this jade is luvly ! ill be looking out for her in the stores !! Jade is livin it up like a princess , i luv her outfit . so cute !!! i wan na kno if her skirt is just those frills . it looks thin-see through , that cant be all there is . . lol . laterLONG LIVE BRATZ
 ive never seen such a pretty JADE DOLL IN MY LIFE !!!!!!!! I WANT HER AND CLOE . I THINK JADE IS THE BEST THOUGH . I REALLY LIKE HER SKIRT . CAN YOU SAY AWSOME ??? LEAH !!!! BRATZ FAN .
 It swells my heart up with pride to see my friends standing up for each other . WAIT TO GO GIRLS !!! To Ruby Tuesday ` cin ' , CHILL GIRL ! Sara was only making a friendly suggestion for your own greater good . There was no need for the attack . No need to act like you OWN Amazon . And if some people report your review , it might actually be taken off ! I do n't care if you attack me , cuz ' I 'm way over that . But when my friends do good , and are treated bad , something is gon na be done . Just ask yourself , WHAT WOULD THE BRATZ DO ? They would apologize and not do that kind of stuff anymore . Sara , if you 're out there , I would just like to say that My Scene Queen IS back on MSGH DVD.Anyway , this Jade doll is so cool . What happens when you cross a super stylin ' Kool Kat with a Princess ? BRATZ PRINCESS JADE ! I love the camo with pink . It makes this doll look so sweet , but fashionable ! Any girl would love to recieve this as a Christmas present.CHECK OUT THE NEW BRATZ GENIE COLLECTION ON THIS SITE!Chelsea Churro -LRB- My Scene/Bratz Fan ; Peacekeeper -RRB- over , & OUT !!!!! P.S.-END THE WAR !!!!!!!! - Hannah -LRB- Ft. Worth , Texas -RRB- 12 YEAR OLD MY SCENE , BRATZ , BARBIE , & POLLY FAN * lots of love to ALL my friends , whom I love for doing good and spreading joy *
 You guys seem like great people !! I would love to have friends on this cool website !!!! This doll is cool !! I want her so bad !! It is too late to put her on my Christmas list so I 'll ask for her on my B-Day . Please be my friends on Amazon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 NOW THIS IS SOOOOOOOOOOOO CUTE !!! I LIKE HER VERY MUCH , BUT I LIKE ROCK ANGELZ JADE BETTER.THE BEST ONE IN THIS NEW BRATZ PRINCESS COLLECTION IS ROXXI.SHE IS SOOOOOOOOO BEAUTIFUL.YASMIN?UMMM ... OK.FIANNA IS SUPER CUTE.CLOE MUST BE THE QUEEN.SHE IS SOOOOOOOOOO PRETTY.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 She is so pretty!I love her skirt.Go to bratz princess roxxi.I ` m gon na get her.Lets comunicate mostly over this bratz princess boards.Okay ? E-mail me.My e-mail is -LSB- ... -RSB- . LGP3LNC
 I hope Ruby 's review can be taken as an offensive review and be taken off this site , because it 's supossed to be a friendly site , and what she said is REALLY inapropriate . I mean , it was just a comment ! Sara did n't say anything bad , and Ruby went and said that mean stuff about her!anyways , this is n't really my favorite Jade doll , but i love the skirt!Avie - Bratz , My Scene , Barbie fan.PEACE.END THE WAR .
 RUBY , OR WHATEVER YOU CALL YOURSELF , DO N'T BE SO RUDE ! JUST BECAUSE YOU HAVE LOW SELF ESTEEM AND ARE JELOUS OF EVERYONE ELSE DOES N'T GIVE THR RIGHT TO CALL SARA NAMES !!!! YOUR REVIEW IS OFENSIVE , AND THERE FORE I CAN CONTACT AMAZON AND GET YOUR PATHETIC REVIEW OFF OF HERE ! THINK BEFORE YOU WRITE , RUBY ! YOUR NOT BETTER THAN ANY OTHER REVIEWER!Avie - My Scene , Bratz , Barbie fan!PEACE.And JUST STOP THE DOLL WAR .
 I hope Ruby 's review can be taken as an offensive review and be taken off this site , because it 's supossed to be a friendly site , and what she said is REALLY inapropriate . I mean , it was just a comment ! Sara did n't say anything bad , and Ruby went and said that mean stuff about her!anyways , this is n't really my favorite Jade doll , but i love the skirt!Avie - Bratz , My Scene , Barbie fan.PEACE.END THE WAR .
 THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR SAVING ME FROM RUBY.THIS MAKES ME FEEL GOOD.I DID N`T NOTICED THAT BY THE WAY.THIS DOLL IS SO CUTE.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 My son always have an interest for hummingbirds , and he found out about this game from your site and he begged me to buy it . So I have a look to this game with my son once I received this item , and it has comprehensive information about different kinds of hummingbirds while you are having fun to play this game . It is so educational for a whole family and I would recommand this to anybody who really have an interest to learn about hummingbirds . Thanks !
 Very solid high quality puzzle to help young children learn colors , shapes , and hand-eye coordination . The pieces do fit very tightly , so very young children may have some difficulty putting the pieces in the slots .
 As other reviews have noted , this product has a couple of disturbing flaws -- some colors not matching -LRB- in my case , the pentagon and the diamond -RRB- and particle dust as a result of the pieces not being finished off properly . Plenty of other toys for little kids are made out of wood and do not come with loose saw dust/pieces in the package , so it irks me that this problem exists with some M&D ; products , not just this one . That being said , I think M&D ; have a really good feel for toy concepts , and their customer service is excellent -LRB- you get a live person right away -RRB- ! I have a lot of their toys , and expect to buy many more.To their credit , Melissa & Doug replaced this puzzle for me . They really do stand behind their products . The representative with whom I spoke , Yvonne , did acknowledge that there was a batch of these puzzles made at one time -LRB- about 2-3 years ago , when I bought mine -RRB- where some of the colors did n't match , but she had no awareness of the loose particle dust or rough edges on the pieces . I told her there are many reviews on Amazon discussing this , for several M&D ; puzzles , not just this one . She said she 'd never received this feedback , which is rather shocking , but maybe not many people call the company , and the employees are not reading Amazon reviews -LRB- they should -RRB- . The replacement puzzle I received did n't have any color problems or loose saw dust .
 Early Review : Our 6-month old baby loves to plays with the very large big-knob -LRB- no longer for sale -RRB- puzzles at the public library . She has been very enthusiastic about them , since she learned to sit unassisted . We decided to get one for home , and there are not many brands or choices other than M&D. ; This puzzle , new to the baby , was received very energetically , within 90 seconds , she had removed all the pieces , of the 2 rows closer to her , and tossed them aside . We are looking forward to her discovery on how to place the pieces back in!Pros : * Thick , sturdy , medium weight board with smooth back and round corners * Easy to grasp knobs , even for a baby . The knobs were a pleasantly smooth , made of light brown wood , and screwed onto each piece * 8 Large , thick and durable Geometric Pieces -LRB- 8 colors -RRB- . They were well hand-cut pieces , that lift out and fit in well * Color matching backgrounds for each piece 's recess hole * Minimal dust reside from productionCons : * The top of the board , pieces and backgrounds are a heavy paper laminate , which will get some bangs and probably should not get wet * The pieces were hand cut with saw and there are cut trenches between the pieces that were probably made to guide the vertical saw from shape to shape . There are 4 saw cuts that connect the `` Oval '' to the 4 surrounding shapes -LRB- circle , triangle , pentagon and diamond -RRB- , and 3 other cuts from this pieces to the right most ones -LRB- square , rectangle and octagon -RRB- Might report back in a couple of years , once the baby is learning to identify and name the pieces .
 So far she always comes back to this toy , even after having it for six monthes . Yes , some of the ` sticker ' are coming of the wood , but very little -LRB- she has n't noticed -RRB- for the amount of rough housing this toy recieves .
 Pros
 The simple shapes in this puzzle are much better for younger kids . In other words , a lot of the other melissa and doug puzzles appear cuter -LRB- ie the cars -RRB- , but the puzzle pieces can only go in in one direction , so my 18 month old twins get frustrated . The shapes in this puzzle go in the puzzle in several directions , so it is easier and they really enjoy it .
 I bought this toy for my 13months old . Was bit too early for him and kind of dangerous for he likes to throw things . This puzzle is so durable , but quite dangerous when it 's thrown !! Overall good quality.My 2 1/2 y/o , however absolutely loves this puzzle , although too easy for him . I 'm sure our youngest child -LRB- 13months old -RRB- will enjoy this toy in the future .
 Love this puzzle ! It has outlived 2 children and a doberman - still in pretty good shape ! Both of my kids actually learned their shapes through this puzzle . Great for small hands , easy to figure out .
 We love this puzzle ! It seems very well made and sturdy . Even though our 1 yr old has been teething like crazy , we have n't had any trouble with her chewing off the color applied to the pieces nor did we find the puzzle dirty in any way when it arrived . She is eager to play with the pieces and does her best to put them back -- but she has n't quite figured out the color or shape matching thing yet . She 's certainly trying , though !
 We have a lot of different puzzles for our daughter and this is our favorite . The background is simple and does n't distract from the placement of the pieces . The wooden knobs are easy for her to grasp and the pieces are simple shapes and colors that she can recognize and easily put where they belong . She 's learning colors and shapes from our `` play '' with this puzzle and does n't get frustrated with it like she does with some other puzzles . I highly recommend this puzzle .
 this is a great puzzle ! my one yr old loves it and knows how to put all the shapes in by himself ! i really love this puzzle and recommend it for all kids !!
 This puzzle is of great quality . It is well built and easy for toddlers to handle . My daughter loves it !
 Love this puzzle ! It is chunky so little fingers can grab it . . and it 's great for them to put the pieces back into ! My 1 year old LOVES it ! It also fits GREAT in the puzzle rack ! : -RRB-
 We bought this for my son last christmas . He has had it for 10 months . During that time he has thrown , stepped on , dropped , and ` hidden ' all the pieces . And they still look like new . This past couple months he has suddenly wanted to use them for their intended purpose ... As a puzzle . He Loves this puzzle . He asks `` What 's that ? '' for each shape , then does his best to repeat what shape it is . The name of each shape is written on the puzzle piece . On top of that , it helps work with colors.My son -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- now plays with this at least once a day . As a puzzle . It 's made of wood , hand crafted , sturdy , bright , and it keeps a toddler 's attention . We have a couple different ` Doug & Melissa '' puzzles and they 're all made wonderfully , but this one is my son 's favorite .
 this puzzle great for my sun . he is 2 years old and he likes it very much . he can hold the large shapes very easly
 Great wood puzzle with large knobs for easy pick up . Learning colors & shapes is easy with this one . I gave as a gift for a one year old . She picks them up easily , and with a little help , places them back in their spot . I highly recommend this puzzle .
 my 1 1/2 and 2 1/2 year old sons both enjoy this puzzle . good for working on motor skills , teaching colors and shapes .
 When I decided to introduce my kids to puzzles at around 16 months , I wanted something simple , safe , and educational . This fit the bill , and has been a wonderful toy that my kids seem to enjoy more and more . I like that each of the pieces will only fit in its own space - a simple idea , but a flaw I have found with many puzzles on the market . The pieces are hefty and durable , and the knobs are easy for my kids to handle . My kids are still in the habit of chewing on toys occasionally , and I 've noticed just a little bit of peeling of the color on the pieces - if your child really gnaws on his/her toys still , this may not be the right toy yet . My kids have learned the basic concept of a puzzle from this toy , and they get so excited every time they get a shape in the right hole . I use the puzzle to reinforce/teach shapes , colors , and the concept of `` matching '' and `` turning '' pieces until they fit .
 My one year old boy just got this toy as a present and loves it . He actually bypasses his other puzzles for this one each time . Since he is only one - I am using the puzzle to teach him colors . When he is older , I can use it to teach him shapes . Really happy with this toy .
 I bought this as a gift for my 10 month old granddaughter . The large wooden pieces will be durable and the large knobs will fit in her hands perfectly .
 Great toy that is built great in America . The colors and shapes help for a good interactive educational experience with my son . Highly recommended and it does n't need batteries like most toys these days .
 This is great as a first puzzle . The large wood knobs are easy for little hands to hold onto , and nothing beats it for teaching shapes and colors . My daughter mastered it and was able to identify the shapes and colors by name all by 20 months -LRB- except for one slight difference , she still calls the pentagon a `` purple-gon '' :-RRB- Great quality and durability , should last many-many years !
 We gave this puzzle to my 8 1/2 month old for Christmas , and it was immediately a big hit . She loves it because the pieces are easy to grab and the bright simple colors catch her attention . My two-year-old loves it , too , even though it 's easy for her . This was a great purchase !
 Simple
 Our son received this after his first birthday and was immediately drawn to it . It was a good learning toy and helped him develop hand-eye coordination , sorting skills , and patience . Our son recently turned two , but still occasionally plays with the toy when not distracted by an electronic gadget .
 The quality of this puzzle is worthy of gift giving . The knobs make this an excellent puzzle for children as young as 12 months .
 Large knobs make it easy for toddler to pick up pieces , pieces fit easily , grandson loves it , very well made .
 Great for little children , I bought this for my nephew for Chirstmas and he loves it and so does his mom .
 Great toy for my 9 month old . I could n't even get it wrapped for Christmas ! My son chews on it because he is teething , defiantly not meant to be chewed on but I still love it : -RSB-
 I brought it when my son was around 13 months . It helped me to teach him the colors and shapes and also is well made for little hands to hold .
 My kids adore this puzzle . After having 3 kids play with this in the course of 8 years I can say that is defectively the toy to own for a toddler .
 Great product for children to play with and to learn with . My son just loves matching up the colors and fitting the pieces where they need to go . Highly recommend this product . Its built tough as well and for a good price .
 My 18 month old has some developmental delays & i was so amazed how quickly he was able to put all the pieces to this puzzle in the correct spot . I recommend this product its very educational
 This is a great puzzle for young toddlers who need to work on fine motor skills , hand eye coordination . Also teaches kids about shapes and colors . Features large knobs that are easy for little hands to grasp . There is a little bit of extra space in the cut outs for the shapes , so they 're easier for kids to get the pieces in . Also , each cut out is painted to match the color of the piece that fits in it , so it helps kids develop some matching skills as well . overall , a great puzzle . My daughter started getting into this puzzle around 1 year ; 10 months and is pretty good at it now but she still has to work at it -LRB- 2 years , 1 month -RRB- .
 This is a great first puzzle for toddlers who are beginning to show interest in putting puzzles together . My toddler -LRB- now 18 months -RRB- has been playing with this puzzle since he was just about a year old , and he loves it every time I bring it down off the shelf . He likes to show me a piece and have me name its shape for him before he places it into the hole.The Good : - The knobs are chunky , easy for a toddler 's fist to grip - The pieces are colorful and bright - The `` hole '' for each piece is a matching color , so this puzzle can be used to help little ones learn to match both shapes and colors - The puzzle pieces are large , thick , and sturdy - they stand up well to being chewed on , sucked on , dropped , and thrown - The pieces only fit in their proper hole , so there 's no confusion for a little one just learning shapes - Puzzles are great for the development of fine motor skillsThe Bad : - If your little one likes to throw his toys -LRB- or sometimes throws them in frustration -RRB- , the size and weight of these puzzle pieces makes them a bit of a hazard - if you 've got a thrower , you 'll probably want to supervise his/her puzzle play until s/he outgrows the throwing stage ! - The puzzle pieces were n't perfectly sanded when this arrived ... but that was easy enough to fix with a bit of sandpaper and a wet ragAll in all , this is a very good puzzle for toddlers learning colors and shapes . If your tot 's developing an interest in puzzles , this is definitely one to get .
 This is my son 's favorite puzzle ! I like it because he learned both colors and shapes from playing with it . We probably use it every day . It holds up to when he dumps the pieces and when his little sister chews on them . If you are looking for a quiet , learning activity that can also be fun , then I would suggest this puzzle .
 This is a great puzzle and my son loves it ! The knob handles are actually screwed into the shapes , making it very durable . Each shape is a different color , so it can be used to teach colors as well as shapes . Even though my son has mastered where the shapes go , he still enjoys playing with it . Overall , this is a great item !
 I was looking for a puzzle for my daughter I saw this one . I loved the colors along with the knobs on it . She is still working on getting the shapes right , but seems to like this one . The other puzzles I saw are smaller & I liked the bigger size of this one .
 We bought this as a first puzzle for our daughter at about 5 months . She started to remove the shapes almost immediately and loved all the colors . Ultra durable and still a favorite at 17 months ... buy ANY of the jumbo M&D puzzles for your little one .
 Absolutely the best I have ever seen-as are all their other gifts.I have 2 grandaughters who enjoyed Xmas ... am sure they 'll like their birthdays ... Will continue to buy from them
 GUN IS VERY GOOD . LOOKS REAL , EXCEPT FOR THE ORANGE TIP . HEAVY , BUT NOT TOO HEAVY . SHOOTS WELL . CAN USE TRIGGER , SLIDE OR JUST POINT AND SHOOT . MAGAZINE HAS A BUTTON TO REMOVE BB 'S LIKE A REAL GUN . I HAVE ONE PROBLEM THOUGH , ADDING GAS IS A PROBLEM . IT ALWAYS LEAKS , EVERY TIME . I HAVE A GAS REVOLVER , THAT NEVER LEAKS . I END UP GETTING BURNED , IF I 'M NOT CAREFUL . I 'M SURE IT HAPPENS WITH OTHER GAS GUNS . REVOLVERS DO N'T SEEM TO HAVE THIS GAS LEAK PROBLEM . I GIVE IT A 4 , CAUSE OF THE GAS LEAKAGE . THANK YOU
 this tresure hunt arrived on time the tires are fantastic it is real rubber and rolls very easily the detailing is good form the front grill to the fender and good color scheme as well very good collectable
 Good quality , bought 2 for my girls and I really think they are cute . They are wood , and easy to put picture in it .
 Bring back the lost art of the post card , and take it along with you on your next family trip with this absolutely fun crafts kit that enhances self-expression and spreads the fun to everyone on your list of correspondents ! There 's enough here to keep in touch with ten folks -- or one special pal back home ten times !! Be as expressive as you want , because there are 250 pop-out shapes along with a glue stick to affix them . Choose from boats , people , animals and crazy patterns and a box to keep them in.For me , the best part of kits like these is that they can open the door to more and more ideas to create things . In this case , your child may find himself going through magazines , newspapers , travel brochures that you find on the road , etc. to make their own special touches to post cards . This kit is a wonderful stimulus to self-expression , and a great way to make the people back at home know that you 're thinking about them.If you 're going on a long car trip with the kids , you might consider buying a couple of these kits to keep the activity going . It 's something wonderful to look forward to and the end of the day to do in the hotel room to lure over-tired and over-stimulated kids away from the amusement park or whatever you are touring . `` Let 's go make postcards '' has a much nicer ring to it than `` It 's time to leave ! `` I LOVE this kit ! Do n't forget the stamps !
 Bought this for my 3 almost 4 yr old granddaughter for Christmas . She loved it - has just started cutting and loves to color , etc. . She made cards for everyone and had so much fun . I am getting her another package for her birthday !
 Very soft and she slept with it for about 2 years , which I feel is well worth the money considering that thats about all you can ask for from a toddler.It was a good gift .
 A friend bought this at a hospital for me and when my 6month old saw it she took it and never gave it up ! This stuffed animal has been through so much and comes out clean from the wash every time . The color is the only thing that seems to get lighter but it 's still so cute .
 I am a former NCAA Division I Womens Basketball Player , and became interested in learning soccer when I lived in Italy a few years ago . Last summer , I made the decision to actually do something about my interest adn bought this official FIFA soccer ball labeled with the colorful and wonderful country of Italia . I fell equally in love with this soccer ball as I did the game . It is a quality product , armed with the official FIFA stamp and name . Today I take it with me , in my car , everywhere . For me it represents a strong symbol of the country I love , and a sport I very fondly enjoy . I will be ordering another one soon , while they are still available . Great product , and very highly recommended .
 These are totally awesome for our reading corner in our classroom ... they peek out from behind our window and are just plain fun !
 First , the biggest problem
 My 6 year old loves to play this game , and Dad and I enjoy it as well . Who does n't like 3D ? The glasses are a little flimsy and hurt your eyes after a while though .
 My kids got this game for Christmas . There is a riddle card . One side has the riddle , which is just what the picture is written out in words -LRB- for example `` A seashell that 's blue -RRB- , the other side has the pictures that need to be found . In general the object is to pick a `` riddle '' card which has 4 picture riddles and find the 4 corresponding picture tiles . The game board is made up of all the tile cards so each time you play the game board is set up differently . This is good as every time you play , the objects you are looking for are in different places.There are 4 different ways to play.Cooperative for ages 3 + where players work together to find the picture tiles and everyone winsCompetitive for ages 4 + one riddle card is drawn and everyone simultaneously looks for the 4 corresponding picture tiles . As you find the pictures on a tile , you keep that tile and the player with the most tiles at the end wins.Draw for ages 5 + which is like the competitive version except each player picks his own riddle card and looks for the corresponding tile cards . After he finds all the tiles on his riddle card , he picks another riddle card and game continues until all the tiles are found . The person with the most tiles wins.Solitaire for ages 6 + is just drawing riddle cards and finding the corresponding picture tiles alone.We have only played the competitive version . My 7 year old and 9 year old love that the game is 3D . Some reviews talk about the flimsy glasses , but honestly if you take care of them you should be fine . Or , the next time you go to the theater and see a 3D movie , instead of recycling the glasses at the theater , bring them home and use them for this game . I like that the board changes each time you play so it 's always different and I like that there are multiple ways to play , especially solitaire as the two kids do n't always want to play at the same time.Overall I would recommend this game . The kids have fun , the parents wo n't mind playing and it does n't take too long to play nor is it too short .
 This is one of the best RC Ni-Starter out there . I did a lot of research before buying this product . It 's with no double one of the most durable and professional .
 I got this doll for Christmas , and I was stunned . Both of her outfits are lovely . Purple is obviously Yasmin 's color . The only problem I have is her eye color . I do n't think she should have purple eyes , but other than that , she looks flawless . The heels are something new for the Bratz , but it works well . I hope they continue using them -LRB- the heels -RRB- . She also comes with a tiara , which looks really good as well . Overall , if you are a fan of Bratz , than I think you will be pleased with Bratz Princess Yasmin .
 THIS DOLL IS QUITE PRETTY WITH LONG THICK BROWN HAIR . THOUGH SHE IS N'T THE MOST DURABLE HERE . HER CROWN IS SO PRETTY . IVE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT . IF YOU GET HER MAKE SURE YOU KEEP THE SMALL PEICES IN A SAFE SPOT BECAUSE THEYLL GET LOST REALLY EASILY . AND TRY NOT TO LOOSE YAS ' FEET BECAUSE THEY WILL FALL OFF . OUT OF HER ENTIRE OUTFIT , THE ONE SHE 'S WEARING IN THE PHOTO HERE ON AMAZON IS THE PRETTIEST AND MOST DURABLE . HER TOP IS PURPLE WITH BLACK SHOLDER STRAPS AND BLACK MATERIAL IN THE MIDDLE . I ADORE HER FUZZY PURPLE PURSE ! IT 'S SUPER CHIC . I LIKE HER SECOND PAIR OF SHOES -LRB- THEYRE BLACK WITH LITTLE METAL LOOKIN STONES ON THE SIDE , SUPER PRETTY -RRB- MORE THAN THE FIRST PAIR , WHICH HAVE PURPLE STRAPS AND ARE BLACK . HER EYE COLOR IS THE PRETTIEST IVE EVER SEEN -LRB- BLUEISH/PURPLE , AT LEAST WHERE I LIVE -RRB- SHES NOT MY FAVORITE YASMIN NOR IS SHE MY FAVORITE IN THIS COLLECTION , BUT I REALLY LIKE HER ALOT . MY FAVORITE IN THIS COLLECTION IS ROXXI , THEN JADE , THEN CLOE , THEN YASMIN AND FIANNA . BUT THEY ARE ALL REALLY NICE DOLLS . THIS WOULD BE A REALLY NICE HOLIDAY GIFT , ANY GIRL I THINK WOULD REALLY LOVE YASMIN , AND THE OTHER DOLLS IN THIS COLLECTION . I AM A BRATZ COLLECTOR AND TEEN , AND I DO N'T CARE IF ANYONE SAYS IM TOO OLD FOR DOLLS . I HAVE MANY OF THEM . BRATZ ARE MY FAVORITE KIND OF DOLL . YASMIN IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE CHARACTERS ! ANYWAY I RECOMEND HER EVEN IF YOU HAVE TO WATCH OUT FOR HER FEET AND ACCESSORIES , SHE CAN STILL BE FUN . ALSO , IF YOUR A COLLECTOR AND YOU KEEP HER IN THE BOX , SHE LOOKS LIKE A WORK OF ART ! SO GO OUT AND BUY HER NOW , OR JUST ORDER YAS ONLINE . ORDER THE ENTIRE PRINCESS COLLECTION ! -LRB- IM WAITING FOR CLOE TO GET HERE . . -RRB-
 BRATZ HAVE DONE IT AGAIN WITH AN AMAZING NEW LINE CALLED PRINCESS BRATZ . THESE DOLLS ARE AMAZING . EACH ONE TAKES THEIR OWN LOOK AND TURNS IT INTO A MORE PRINCESS LOOK . ALL THESE DOLLS ARE VERY WELL DETAILED AND LOOK LIKE A PRINCESS.THEY CAN EVEN WEAR RINGS NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . I OWN TO OF THE BRATZ PRINCESSES CLOE AND YASMIN . THEY BOTH ARE VERY BRILLANT . YASMIN INCULDS A BEAUTIFUL BLACK AND PURPLE SHIRT , BLACK SKIRT WITH PURPLE LINING , A VERY SOFT PURPLE FAKE FUR SHRUG , BLACK SHIRT WITH QUEEN WRITTIN IN SILVER , JEANS WITH DARK PINK SPARKLES ON IT , BLACK HIGHHEELS , PURPLE AND BLACK HIGHHEELS , A PURPLE FUZZY BAG , SILVER NECKLACE , PURLE EARRINGS , A RING AND MANY MORE ACCESSORES . I RECOMMEND THIS DOLL TO ANYONE BECAUSE IT SHOWS A GREAT SENSE OF FASHION , AND FUN
 YAS HAS SUCH LONG HAIR AND A HER VERY OWN AWSOME PRINCESS TIARA . THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST YAS ' EVA IF I WERE TO GET THIS YAS SHED BE THE STAR OF MY COLLECTION .
 This is one of my favorite Yasmins so far ! I think she 's absolutely lovely . I love the purple theme ; it 's definitely one of Yasmin 's best colors . I was very surprised at how soft the fake fur jacket feels , it 's wonderful . I also love the jewelry the doll comes with . The Bratz have some of the best , most creative jewelry I 've seen for playline dolls . The Bratz Princess collection is fantastic and one of the best yet ! Who knew princesses could look so cool ?
 i agree !! yasmin is one `` pretty princess '' alright . LOL . she lives up to her nickname in this line . she is beautiful ! i luv this line of Bratz . ill definately be looking out for her in stores . she has looong hair too . i suggest yall check out this yasmin!LONG LIVE BRATZ ~
 Her clothes are nice and her face and makeup is really gorgeous ! The only complaint i have is her jewelry -LRB- bracelets especially -RRB- fall off pretty easily and her purple outfit skirt/cami is pretty loose -LRB- well my Yasmin 's is -RRB- . Other than that shes great !!
 YASMIN IS SOOOO GORGEOSU HERE ! THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE YASMINS AND ONE OF MY FAVORITE BRATZ . I LOVE HER HAIR !!!!!! IT IS SOOOOOO BEAUTIFUL !! AND HER MAKE-UP IS EXCEMMENT ! THIS DOLL ROCKS ! 5 BIG STARS ! LOVE YOU YASMIN !!!!
 This doll is so gorgeous , I ca n't believe the girl who is keeping such a beautiful doll in her box even though it is the best doll box so far . I ordered her and I ca n't wait until she comes in !
 My little sister and me were sitting at home when all of a sudden my mom comes in with this Bratz doll ... she got it from Wal-Mart . My little sister got her and I got no Bratz dolls that day -LRB- I felt and I still feel left out -RRB- and she opened her and she was great ... we still play with her to this day -LRB- it 's been 3 years -RRB- . She is Yasmin 's twin -LRB- we pretend she has a lot of twins -RRB- . My little sister was lucky when she got her because they 're really expensive now ... we do n't have any other Princesses Bratz dolls -LRB- I wish but they are way to much money -RRB- .
 WOW THIS YASMIN IS SO GREAT ... GRRREEAAATT ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ MUST OWN ***** FROM A BRATZ FAN
 I really like the bratz dolls . I think they are really pretty . I think they teach you about fashion for when you grow up . They are really fun to play with when your friends come over .
 All of the dolls are pretty and so is this one . But she should not have bangs .
 I am a Bratz collecter in a way and I found this doll very dissapointing . I mean Yasmin is one of the more popular bratz dolls from what I see and these newer dolls are n't living up to their expectations . She is deifinitely not durable and her hair is very hard to come . I personally prefer any of the other Princesses . .
 she is hot but her shoe look a little like staletos and i know because i own a pair other than that her her is way to long hey if i was her i would n't get in a fight and get that crap ripped out of my scalp .
 I have only viewed this doll online and from what I have seen , I am somewhat disapointed.She is not as pretty as Yasmin should be but is still cool.BRATZ FOREVERMY SCENE NEVER
 Just so you know rubi , we are not going to let people re start up the war.Espesaily on a brand knew board.LGP3LNC
 I 've had this Fianna for only a few weeks now , and I love her . It was n't so much of a pain getting her out of the box . I threw the box away -LRB- it does n't make a good display stand -RRB- . Anyway , Fianna has a very unique hair style . Her bangs are pulled back . You can do like I did , and take the plastic rings out . Or you can leave them in . Her tiara does n't ruin her hair one bit . Just to warn you , Fianna 's long hair is really thin . At first , I freaked out because I thought I had brushed half of it off ! So , do n't be freaked out by that . She has two white blouses
 Okay.THIS DOLL IS PERFECT!This doll is great!Hi Sara!but really , is n`t this doll great?Here are it ` s super feature : Lacey white denim jeans and a poofy jacketCrown comb that is beautifulLong , lustrous hairAbout the outfit she ` s wearing : A white shirt that has a crown and her pearly pink skirt with poof.LGP3LNCEVERYTHING LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCK SQUARED
 I went to toysrus to get my friend a christmas present . But I liked this fianna doll SO MUCH ! So i kept it . I do n't open my dolls no more . So it just sits there on my stand with my other cute dolls . The box is designed real fancy so it looks like a cute cheery display . The clothes are so hip hop and cute . I advise you to buy this one . -LRB- But my favorite doll is Yasmin -RRB-
 I love this Fianna doll . I want her for christmas . What really attracts me to bratz dolls is the box they come in . `` If it 's not a pretty box , I 'll buy it not '' -LRB- Stupid saying -RRB- But overall i love the clothes and stuff .
 Fiana looks so beautiful ! I especially like her hair , when I look at it , it makes me think of softness . It is a nice color ; especially she has a nice tan . Her accessories are great , and I love the jacket ! * J3SSICA * & & I ; love the Bratz ... but end the dollie war ! Peace and Love ##
 I have her and she is beautiful . Her hair is so smooth and soft . If you take her hair out , it may look ugly . So leave her hair the way it came or give her a new hair do . Plus jewely can get lost easily . If you do n't shop online , this doll should be at Target or Toysrus .
 I got this doll yesterday she is so pretty.the doll war does need to stop but anyway back to the doll I got her for my report card.I had all good grades .
 This Fianna is sooooooo nice.She looks super fab in her outfits !!! SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 Fianna rocks the spot.This is a pretty good Fianna doll.But , I think I have seen better.Again , if you want to buy your cute little daughter a toy , this is the collection to buy.Thanks for your time.Love and Peace Always , Ruby TuesdayBratz RuleMy Scene are Knockoffs
 extra , extra , read all about it !!! the new `` fab faces '' line for my scene is so copying bratz !!! seriously , they have a slanted crown and think its cool !!!!
 I am 10 years old Finland-girl . I got this Jade in May 12th , and I loveeeeeee this !!! Jade have longest hair from all genie magic . I have now 9 Bratz . They are my favourite from genie magic-collection :1 . Jade2 . Sasha3 . Yasmin4.Katia5 . Cloe6 . MeyganSee you !
 Hi ! I live in Finland , and I got this doll May 12th !!! Very fun ! I ` m 10 years old girl . Now I have 9 Bratz-dolls !
 What more can I say ? If you love her , do n't hesitate!She almost looks JUST LIKE THE PROTOTYPE!You 're really gon na ' enjoy Jade.Cause ' I do ! -LRB- And her hair iz te longest of all the Genie Magic dolls -RRB- She 's probably the best Jade doll out of many collections!Great second outfit!Fits well!She 's as exotic and unique as a jade!She ' z Bratiful ! - Courtney Smith
 I think this doll is very pretty . It 's like another world tour line . I wish they had a Tokyo-ago-go DVD . That was my favorite line !
 Hi ! I got this Jade in January , she is sooooo much fun to play with!She also comes with2 Outfits -LSB- by 2 i 'm inculding the outfit she 's wearing when you buy her . -RSB- 2 Shoes -LSB- Also inculding -RSB- I do n't remember if she comes with accessories.But i love how she comes with the little fortune teller thingy she comes with!She is sooooooooo awesome!Thank you for taking your time to read my review !
 This Jade doll looks so pretty . Pink is definantly Jade 's color , especially this shade ! This doll does look like magic . But , her hair looks like really bad material . I would check to see what the hair is like before buying this doll . It does look pretty nasty - but , hey , I said I would NEVER trust an Amazon picture again after the Bratz Camp Fire Phoebe incident . But the whole collection is gorgeous . I wish they would make another Sasha doll . I think she 's being dropped a little . In the rock angelz comercial they did n't show her , and in the stylin head for the rock angelz they did n't have her at the end where they were showing the hair styles.Chelsea Churro -LRB- My Scene/Bratz Fan ; Peacekeeper -RRB- over , & OUT !!!!! P.S.-END THE WAR !!!!!!! - Hannah12 YEAR OLD MY SCENE , BRATZ , BARBIE , & POLLY FAN * IN ALL ETERNITY * -LRB- were are now equal , Lauren -RRB- I DO NOT support Ruby - I WOULD IF SHE WOULD STOP - but I do n't hate her
 This is Esweetie . The whole Genie Magic collection is great . Seeing theese dolls in stores shows you how pretty they are . I want all of the collection . Thanks Lenzie , you are nice !! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 HEY !!! WHEN I WENT TO EBAY , I SAW THESE BRATZ GENIE MAGIC DOLLS IN THIER BOXES.AND ON THE TOP OF THE BOX IT WAS WRITTEN -LRB- AS SEEN IN THE BRATZ GENIE MAGIC DVD -RRB- . BRATZ IS HAVING A NEW MOVIE!I SOOOOOOOO WANT IT WHEN IT COMES OUT.I REALY LIKED THE BRATZ GENIE MAGIC COLLECTION.ESPECIALLY CLOE AND JADE . ************** MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY NEW YEAR ***************** SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER * BY THE WAY , I AM NOT KIDDING.IT ` S COMING OUT ON DVD.I SOOOOOO CANT WAIT .
 Alrighty.Firstly , I enjoy both the Barbie and Bratz seies of dolls.They both have thier pros and cons ... Get over it , but BOTH do have flaws!Anyway ... As for Barbie copieing Bratz , yes they do , but Bratz also copies Barbie.An example of this
 the geine magic bratz are awesome . sure they are different but at least they arent copying the barbies like the barbies are copying them . the inculde so many different things . i would recommend this doll to anyone .
 Hi , Esweetie I would love to be your friend.Oh yeah this is a great doll you should really get her.End the bratz / my scene warLENZIE : -RRB-
 i like this brat more than the other ones . she is SO beautiful ! i love her long hair . i wish they would make bratz guys too ...
 Jade is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cool !! Vary fun to play and pretend she gives forutes to the other dolls . She is awesome and the best in this collection . You should buy her !
 I Figured out that Katia was in the collcetion.Not Dana.By the way , Jade ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOX !!!!!!!!!! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 i love this doll wondering if this is a world destination?Iagree with ms.churro about sasha like if i want sasha to be in this line i buy like jade and paint the shoes with this brown acryilic paint that matches sasha 's skin tone and shalack so it does n't look dull or crack . Just so that saha can be cool too . but i love this doll i wont do that to her maybe meygan she is kind of boring . end the doll war make peace .
 I think this is a great Jade doll . She comes with a necklace -LRB- which I ca n't find anymore :-LRB- -RRB- , a change of outfits , and a fortune telling lamp.However , one day when we were playing a game with her , we tried to take her skirt off but it ended up getting messed up and when we put it back on it did n't look the same anymore . MGA should 've made her skirt easier to take on and off . The top is okay , but the skirt is hard to take off without messing it up , so be careful with that .
 I bought these for my nieces and they absolutely loved them . This is one of the nicer Bratz dolls ... lovely long hair and not tacky like some of the others .
 I received this doll in April and I 've been having a lot of fun with it ever since . This Jade is very pretty and well detailed . Her black hair goes down to her feet and is smooth and easy to get untangled . Her bright pink outfit is made of a nice fabric and it looks very good on her . Jade 's second outfit is n't as good as the other one but it 's still very nice , and the jeans look good with the first top as well as with the one it goes with . The fortune-telling lamp is fun to play with and somtimes I use it when I make Jade tell fortunes to other dolls with her chrystal ball . This is a fun toy and a great buy ! My sister and I love making our genie dolls go on adventures where they have fun exploring and using their powers . If you love Bratz or genies get this ! You wo n't be disapointed .
 You are so lucky I travel where you live -LRB- sometimes -RRB- to ride my horse.I do n`t know if I will though after the `` Jumping off the horse inccident `` Anyway , this doll is perfect!They have bratz TRIPLETS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IS ` NT THAT AWSME?There names are Valentina -LRB- Yum , my favorite hot sauce LOL -RRB- , Oriana , and Siernna.LGP3LNCEVERYTHING LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCK SQUARED
 SHE IS VERY CUTE . SHE 'S JUST NOT * AS * CUTE AS THE YASMIN DOLL IN MY OPINION . I THINK I 'M IN LOVE WITH YASMIN !!! SHE IS BY FAR THE PRETTIEST OF ALL OF THE BRATZ GIRLS . FOLLOWED BY SASHA . AND THEN BY CLOE , MEYGAN AND JADE . THIS DOLL IS STILL WORTH HAVING . I GIVE HER A 4 .
 She is one of my favorite Jade dolls.I loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove her very much.I saw Sasha on ebay.I think she was nice.I heard that Dana is going to be in the collection too.I am glad that Meygan and Dana will be included in the new movie -LRB- Bratz Genie Magic -RRB- I ca n`t wait till it comes out.I have also a Barbie pc game called Barbie Magic Genie Bottle , but some of the places does n`t works.But it ` s fun.By the way , I ca n`t wait to see this Jade at stores.I think she is lovley and beautiful.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 This Jade genie is sooooooooooooooooo beautiful.But I dont want to get one of the princess or the genie colletion , but they still nice.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 This doll is on my wishlist DEFINTLY!I am going to get my alowance and get the wickhed twinz 1st , princess roxxi , princess jade , and sweet dreamz siernna!This Jade is Gorgeou !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Her skirt is hot pink with polka dots and has a white and light pink thing ma geger that goes over her shirt and a tank top the same.Her Jeans are the prettiest!Her second shirt looks like it might get ruined easy but I do n`t have this doll .
 Jade isnt from the ` Far East ' . She 's from the U.S , and has Chinese , Korean , German and Iclantic ancestors !! -LRB- i think ... -RRB- But the fasions rock !!!! i especially LOOOOVE the pink stuff !!!
 yay i cant wait for these new bratz to be out in stores !!! i found out about these cool new bratz stuff at http://www.bratzmania.tk thats the best website ever !!!! love Kristy < 3
 Jade , Cloe , Meygan , and Sasha are my favorites in this collection . I 'm not the biggest fan of Yasmin in this collection , but she is still pretty . Oh , and remember when I said Dana was going to be in this collection , I was wrong , it 's Katia . But that is still awsome too . Anyways , I hope to get this doll soon , and their DVD , I bet it will rock like the first movie.P.S . I saw Sasha on ebay by the way , gorgeous Sasha !! Bratz rock .
 I ` m geussing that was you Hannah.But I do n`t know for sure.My horse Bessy is only 4 . Is ` nt this doll gorgeous?LGP3LNCEVERYTHING LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCK SQUARED
 LPG3LNC , you have a horse ? Me too ! I live in Simi Valley , CA , but my horse lives in Agua Dulce , Ca . She 's a pregnant Norwegian Fjord -LRB- Due in late May , early June -RRB- . Oh by the way Jade looks so cool ! Very startling and different .
 I love the Bratz toy line . Even if I am too old to be playing with dolls at the tender age of 29 . I only wish they had them when I was younger . Jade is my favorite when it comes to Bratz and this get up is so fun . I love her crystal ball . But I must admit , I bought this one for one of my young cousins at her request !
 i love the genie magic collection but they are soo hard to open so i left my jade in the box but my jades hair looks okay but this no waaay her hair is way to frizzy in this pic
 I got this for my daughter to use in the stroller , and they are great toys , but they may not fit on your stroller . I have an Evenflo stroller , and the velcro/elastic straps wo n't fit around the front bar . May work on Peg Perego , or others with smaller front bars . We put them on the crib bar now .
 We have had these since our son was 2 weeks old . He may not have fully appreciated them at that age but they have certainly kept him entertained on many car rides and shopping trips over his 7 young months . The rattly , bobbly crinkly bee is his favorite but we have at least one of them attached at all times to the handle on his car seat -LRB- Chicco KeyFit 30 -RRB- so they are within easy reach . I have n't put them on our Chicco Cortina stroller yet because 1 -RRB- J is still usually in the car seat and 2 -RRB- I ca n't quite see how to attach them anywhere useful for him on the stroller . Anyone have any ideas ? They do attach nicely to the front bar on our Phil & Teds stroller tho.Would have given 5 * if there were more attachment options .
 Got this as a replacement for the grip n grasp stroller bar that broke off on us . I like the idea that you can use one or all of the pieces at the same time and utilize your cup holders if you want but I feel like the toys are kind of boring . Was also disappointed that it did n't come with the extra elastic strapping like the other one did . I have never seen a stroller with a bar that this tiny little elastic wrap could fit around . needs extenders to use with my graco , luckily i had the ones from my other that broke .
 The Thanos figure is tall in size , slightly moveable , and a great addition to any collector . Its left hand can be removed to replace it with the Infinity Gauntlet glove . The Infinity Gauntlet glove has all six gems on it . The Marvel Universe version of Death personified accomponies Thanos . Death is in a purple robe , unmovable , with a skull face that has a replaceable human female face . The figures are truly pieces of art and well worth money spent . Make room for these or put them on display . Should last for years on end .
 i dont have any complaints it 's a great figure with decent articulation -LRB- For MS -RRB- great details as always very durable for child play as well so this is a figure for collectors and kids
 This a very strong and durable toy . My son loves it . He has been battling Thanos and Hulk since Christmas !
 Maybe a little at the end , but what I 'm really looking to do is to SHUT EVERYBODY UP . I know you people are going to bash me cause of this or whatever , but this `` war '' is interfering with people ACCUALLY trying to find out about the stupid doll ! SHUT UP ALREADY !!! I have seen you people on every item that I review , and I 'm ashamed I have to say this in a review where you 're supposed to talk about the doll , but someone has to stop you . NO ONE CARES . I like myscene and bratz , but I do n't bash them or say anything to people that do bash them . What are you trying to do ?????? YOU CA N'T ACCOMPLISH ANYTHING WORTHWHILE ! SHUT UP !! Back to the doll
 I think this is the most awsome BRATZ doll ever!She has all the great outfits ... unlike some otherROXXIE dolls the manufacturer has trown on the her!A BIG HIGH FIVE FOR THOSE WHO BOUGHT THIS BRATZ !!!
 I do not have this doll but I did see it in the store . She is is sooooooooo beautiful ! The picture online does not do her justice . She is so awesome and I am planing on getting her .
 i do n't have this doll , but i love her.In my opinion , the aqua and black both look awesome on roxxi , it lookss really good with her red lips and red hair . Roxxi has been my favourite pretty much since i got her for my birthday in 2005 . MGAE did a great job with the make-up and eyes , it looks amazing . I love the skirt =-RRB- even tho roxxi is usually portrayed as . . like a bad girl or something . . this girly look still looks stunning . I love her , as well as the jade princess doll . ***
 WOW !!! Roxxi is my fave character ! In this collection she 's beautiful because the outfit has so much GIRLYNESS !!! I love the skirt and it does give her a `` ballerina '' affect and I like that because I love ballet ! and the tiara is SOOOO cute ! And the shoes are very different to the usual bratz shoes . their muck higher and more my scene-ish ! And that a GOOD thing . I love everything about her ! Prettiest in the collection . * ~ Holly ~ * I sapport myself because this hole `` PLEASE SAPPORT ME ! '' buissness is dumb .
 This is the most beautiful Roxxi out in stores . It still baffles me why MGA did n't use Phoebe instead . Anyway , I have seen her in the box , and she is going down on many Christmas wishlists . She has luxurious long flowing dusk red hair . The outfit color scheme is gold , black , white , and a mixture of mint green and sky blue . Her black tank is illustrated with a gold crown . Her gown flows out is two different layers . Her second blouse is a mint green/sky blue tank with gorgeous gold print ` Bratz ' and golden dots . Her jacket is well-matching zebra print . Her jean capris , all the modern fashion rage , have a adorable ribbon belt and matching cuffs with gold buttons . Her shoes have both outrageously exaggerated high heels , but are cute matching sandals . Her accessories are a variety of bracelets , necklace , earrings , and even a royal crown to top it off . And look , she even comes with a golden comb ! Overall , Bratz Princess Roxxi is amazingly beautiful!PERSONALLYI wish some of you would atleast write helpful reviews , or atleast stay on topic . And to Sara , I 'm sad that you are n't liking My Scene that much anymore . And to all of My Friends , it 's okay to talk about your friends , just do n't forget to type about the doll.Chelsea Churro -LRB- My Scene/Bratz Fan ; Peacekeeper -RRB- over , & OUT !!!!! P.S.-END THE WAR !!!!!!! My Scene and Bratz fans have argued long enough . It 's time we create peace . No more fighting . And there are some serious parents who would actually like to know about the doll , and saying , `` Roxxi is great ! Buy her ! Long live Bratz ! '' is n't going to help them . Please , get into detail.-Hannah -LRB- 12yrs old -RRB-
 I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE ITAfter having a hideous view of the Cloe doll , I doubted this collection . But Roxxi redeemed Cloe 's mistake , and now I love it !!!!!! SHE IS SOOO PRETTY !!!! Also , whatever this `` doll war '' is , people who are n't in it do n't want to know . Please keep that info to your selves . I 'm trying to write a review and I see `` DONT SUPPORT HER ! '' `` be my friend ! '' etc. . So stop it now before I get really mad , please.-Candy
 Best dressed dolls never go out without a tiara IMHO . I really love the black and turquoise colors in her outfit as it is a truly refreshing break from pink . And the shoes , I want those shoes in my size . Her make-up realy pops , love the Lucy lips ! Snap this doll up kids as the doll collectors are after her as well .
 I will support Tori , but , if your like Ruby , Tori , than I do n`t support Tori.This war is annoying.But this doll is so pretty.She DOES look better in red.LGP3LNCEVERYTHING LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCK SQUARED
 Hi ! You may have known me as puppy_luver06 , but I changed my nickname . This doll is soooooo beautiful !!! She is so cute in turquoise and black ! She has an elegant princess touch , but you can still tell that it 's punk Roxxi . As previous reviewers mentioned , she would also look great in a red outfit . I have the whole Bratz Princess line , and Roxxi is my second favourite . My favourites in this line are :1 . Cloe -LRB- I think that brown eyes and brown hair streaks look very good on Cloe . It gives the plain , original platinum-blonde blue-eyed Cloe a nice twist . -RRB- 2 . Roxxi -LRB- I love Roxxi in this line ! Her and Cloe are very close contenders for the best of this colletion . -RRB- 3 . Fianna -LRB- Beautiful doll , not my fav or my least fav . Good . she sort of reminds me of Fergie from the BEP . -RRB- 4 . Jade -LRB- Great clothes , love the choice of clothing colours and fabrics for the outfits ! The hair and makeup could use a little spicing up , though . It 's nice anyways . -RRB- 5 . Yasmin -LRB- Yasmin is usually my favourite character , such as in the Spring Break line . I love that Yasmin ! This doll is extremely beautiful too , but the violet eyes and violet lipstick make the doll look a bit unrealistic . I do n't know anybody who has purple eyes.All of the dolls are beautiful , but some are better than others . That 's just my opinion . Forever Diamondz Bratz rock too !!! So far I only have Yasmin & Cloe , but I 'm getting more soon!Peace Bratz Lovers !!! xOxObratzxOxO a.k.a. BrittanyRose
 I am a person who collects bratz and man this roxxi is so cute !! Roxxi , Jade , and Fianna are my favorite princess bratz . This is so going on my x-mas list and a lot of people too !
 Seriously , what DID happen?Did I go back in time?Oh well here are the fantastic features of this marvelous doll : A crown fit for a queen with jewelsPackaging that looks like a looking glassGreenish / blue cloths that matches our eyes -LRB- me and the doll lol -RRB- Flowing ruby red hair that stops at the thighsAnd a comb that was obviosly made for me or a queen.LGP3LNCEverything luverFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCK SQUARED
 This Roxxi is so chic the zebra top and bottom are cuteathouth she looks better without the crown!RoxxiPhoebeMeyganFiannaSasha
 i like this doll because her whole image is tres chic . her luxourious long beautifully coloured hair makes her look just that little bit better . i believe she is the best looking of the group .
 You have to buy this doll because she is so , totally , fab!Do ` t believe me?Here are my reasons : She has long , fowing red hairMultiple bracets and necklacesBeautiful blue/green clothes the color of our eyes -LRB- mine and hers lol -RRB- And beautiful tiara ` s for you and the dollPackaging that makes you think of a queens looking glass.A comb clearly fit for a queen!Teaches that you do n`t have to be a princess by fancy ball gowns and gems.Did you realize hard rocker tom ` s review was taken off?LGP3LNCEVERYTHING LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCK SQUAREDp.s.END THE DOLL WAR !!!
 People are sayin ' that this is not Roxxi 's look , Roxxi needs a clean-up from her bad girl image compared next to Sugar . This is what I think of the main princess dolls .1 . Jade - I own her , she is beutiful exept she has a white spot on her right cheek .2 . Roxxi - the second and most clean cut Roxxi has ever been I like her .3 . Cloe - I am a lil ' sceptical over her brown eyes .4 . Fianna - By far the most gorgeous Fiannas I 've seen , I do like the way MGA kept her face teh same since she was introduced .5 . Yasmin - Bratz Princess is daring us Bratz fans with eyes in this collection , Cloe has a diffreation from blue eyes to brown and she is pretty . Yasmin has violet eyes and she is uhhhh ... . I own her tooBack to Spice , she is gorgy and one day I 'll find her she 'll probaly cost about $ 0.05 dollars !
 I absolutly LOVE Roxxi ! She has been my favorite Bratz girl scince i first started getting interested in the Bratz dolls last year . This doll , like all other Roxxi dolls ' , is just beautiful . I love how Roxxi 's hair is longer and curlier ; her clothes and shoes are cute and show her unique style . The tiara is so gorgeous ! ... . I think Roxxi is the best doll in this collection . She 's definetly worth buying . .
 She is so pretty.They should make a pheobe case that ` s her twin.I am going to get the whole clloection.I already have enough money for two dolls.LGP3LNCBrats luvermy scene luvereverything luverin all eternityforeverrock squared
 I think this Roxxi is sooooooo beautiful.I think she is fabulous.Cloe must be the queen of the colletion.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER * P.S.Hey Chelsea Churro.I worte a review and asked about Lisa and **** MY SCENE QUEEN **** . I said that if one of them is here at amazon can give me an awnser.if you want to see this review , go to MS goes Hollywood Chelsea doll .
 WHAT CAN I SAY ? SHE IS GORGEOUS !!!!! I GIVE HER 5 BIG STARS !!!!!
 I LOVE HER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SHE IS SO PRETTY AND SO COOOLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SHE IS A PRETTY PRICESS !!! I LOVE HER !!!!!!! SHE IS MY FAVORITE DOLL !!!!!!
 COME ON , RUBY ! JUST STOP THIS DUMB WAR ! YOUR ONE OF THE CAUSES OF IT AND YOU KNOW IT ! SO WHAT IF YOU DONT LIKE MY SCENE YOU DONT DONT WRITE ABOUT THEM ON A BRATZ REVIEW PAGE THEN ! AND IF YOU TRY TO BASH MY REVIEW OR ANYONE ELSES REVIEW . . GO AHEAD ! JUST GO AHEAD ! IT DOESNT AFFECT ANYONE HERE . REALLY EXCEPT FOR YOU!Avie - Bratz , Barbie , My Scene fan.STOP THIS CRAZY DOLL WAR!PEACE .
 The only reason I left that bizzaro note is because I come on hear early in the morning and late at night so when I came on in the morning , it sais nobody reviewed this before.LGP3LNCEVERYTHING LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCK SQUARED
 First of all , I like your name , Ruby . lol . Second of all , Roxxi is supposed to have RED stuff . NOT blue !!!!! RED !!!!!! I used to like Roxxi when she had alll red and black , but not really anymore ... I think she shoudl go back to RED AND BLACK !!!!!!! IF YOU SUPPORT ME OR RUBY , TYPE
 Okay , this doll war is really starting to get annoying!Avie , do you want to be my friend?oh , well , back to the subject.How come you ca n`t just stop saying hurtful things?If you do n`t like my scene , than do n`t say anythinhg.Ruby , why would anybody support you?Your mean , selfish , self centered , and bossy.I DO NOT support RubyLGP3LNCEVERYTHING LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCK SQUARED
 sure LGP3LNC ! I 'll be your friend!One thing i wanted to add about this war , is that people are saying mean things , just to get people 's attention so theyll fight more!People should stop fighting.AVIEBratz , My Scene , Barbie fan.PEACE . .
 Roxxi is one of the bratz dolls that always makes a bold look.Roxxi looks nice in her outfit , but should haveworn more red.Anways , she is still cute and worth every bit of your money.Buy your daughter Roxxi and not a ugly , fugly , my scene crap-headdoll . Love , Ruby TuesdayPs-thanks a bunch.If you want to support me , at the bottom of your review write `` I support Ruby `` Double thanks !
 I remember when i very first saw this collection on bratzmania.tk , i thought it was very odd . Then when they fianlly came to stores , i fell in `` love '' with meygan . Now , i have 3 coupons -LRB- from burger king -RRB- to buy another . First , i looked at cloe . Many people said she was the prettiest in the colleciton , but i think meygan and yasmin and jade are -LRB- natural brunettes , hello ! -RRB- . How was i supposed to decisde bettween the 2 beauties ?? When i fianlly looked at them here , i picked yasmin because -LRB- 1 -RRB- i like her clothes better and -LRB- 2 -RRB- i have more jades than yasmins.-Thanks for reading !!! - Chellygroups.yahoo.com / BratzLoverz-an awsome bratz group with awsome links & pictures -LRB- owned by me ! -RRB-
 This doll is absolutely wonderful . She comes with gorgeous clothing , and alot of accessories . There is nothing about her you ca n't like .
 Is n't Yasmin the best out of the entire collection ? I especially love her cute braids . These dolls will make best friends with the Masquerade Madness Delancey doll - my sister owns her . I love the magic colors that are used for the outfits ! There is Yasmin , Cloe , Meygan , and Jade on Amazon . Anyone else in this collection?Chelsea Churro -LRB- My Scene/Bratz Fan ; Peacekeeper -RRB- over , & Out !!!!! P.S.-END THE WAR !!!!!!! - Hannah12 YEAR OLD MY SCENE , BRATZ , BARBIE , & POLLY FAN
 Genie Magic is inspireed by cutting edge cool fashions of Arabia , followed by the legend of this country
 Hi Morgan.I saw all the Bratz you told us about , and I loved the Bratz Sisterz kiani and liani.I do n`t remember the names so much.And I saw the Bratz Twiins Krysta and Lela.They are so cute.And there is new Bratz Birthday.They have Jade , Cloe , and Yasmin.And a collection called `` Feelin Pretty '' . There is Cloe , Jade , Sasha , Yasmin , and Roxxi.And Bratz Spring Breake.There is Yasmin , Cloe and Sasha.I hope that the Bratz site will get all these stuff , because there is nothing new on the Bratz dolls on the site.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 Hey , type in bratz triplets , THEY HAVE THEM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This doll is the best!Like my other review!I like the bratz babyz hair flair Dana.Is ` nt she cute?LGP3LNCEVERYTHING LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCK SQUARED
 This brat is so ... FAB!I would recomend getting this.Don ` t believe me?Here are the reasons why to get this great doll : A jeweled genie bottleDenim Capris and a square pattern shirt -LRB- This is apropriate , so pesky parents have NO reason to write reviews that dis bratz , because , truthfully , my mom does ` nt care that much for bratz she just tells me I can choose which dolls I like . But she actually liked this one ! -RRB- A geneirific necklace for you.Those are my reasons.Thank you for reading.Merry Christmas.LGP3LNCEverything LUVERFOREVERIN ALL ETERNITYROCH SQUARED
 This is Esweetie . I love this Yasmin . Yasmin has the right colors on . She looks great on Amazon , but you got ta see her in person . Bohemian Style is definately for Yasmin!Get this Yasmin NOW!EsweetieBratz 4 LifeThis is Nevra456 . Yasmin is my favorite Bratz doll . This Yasmin is not a dissapointment to me . I love the colors and both outfits are cool . She is on my B-Day list -LSB- which is in 3 days . I 'll be twelve !!! -RSB- Nevra456out !
 yay i cant wait for these new bratz to be out in stores !!! i found out about these cool new bratz stuff at http://www.bratzmania.tk thats the best website ever !!!! love Kristy < 3
 s. bennt just shut up ok . i have over 20 bratz dolls and they never took my 45 minutes only barbies did because they were glueed to the box . sure some bratz are hard to get out but its better because then if someone trys to steal them in there box its hard to get them out . I love the genie magic dolls because they are different . the yasmin is very fun to play with . she comes with a magic lamp , 2 outfits , a poster and more . i would recomennd this doll to anyone who loves bratz or collects themP.S . STOP THE WAR BETWEEN BARBIES AND BRATZ . barbies are better for girls younger then 7 and bratz are better for girls 8 and up .
 that person who said bratz were glued to boxs were wrong.i get my bratz dolls in two scets i get the doll out.well maybe not two scets three lol
 This is a very cool doll.Yasmine looks good in purple its my fav color.Enyway that is so cool that your gon na be 12 . My birthday was december 25 and that when I turned twelve.End the bratz/my scene warLENZIE : -RRB-
 BRATZ FANS I 'VE GOT TONS OF NEWS ON MILLIONS OF BRATZ STUFF !! NEW TWIINZ , AND GET THIS , THEY ARE THE FIRST TWIINZ THAT ARE A DIFFERENT AGE , AND ONE OF THEM IS TALLER , AND THEY HAVE POSABLE ARMS !!! THEY HAVE BROWN HAIR , LIGHT SKIN AND BLUE EYES , AND THEIR NAMES ARE KIANI AND LILANI !! AND ANOTHER SET OF TWIINZ , THEY LOOK LIKE PHEOBE AND ROXXI , THEY HAVE MOLES ON THE TOP RIGHT OF THEIR MOUTH , THEY HAVE RED HAIR , BLUE EYES , LIGHT SKIN , AND THEIR CALLED WICKED TWIINZ . AWSOME , AND THEIR MAMES ARE CIARA AND DIONA !!! AND THE OTHER ONES HAVE BLOND HAIR , LIGHT SKIN , AND BROWN EYES , AND THEIR NAMES ARE CRYSTA AND LELA !!! AND THEY HAVE BOY TWIINZ NOW , THEY HAVE BROWN HAIR , BROWN EYES , AND LIGHT SKIN !!! AND THEY HAVE A NEW BRATZ SPORTZ COLLECTION , YASMIN PLAYING GYMNASTIC , PHOEBE PLAYING SOFTBALL , JADE PLAYING VOLLEYBALL , AND NEVRA SURFING !!! THEY EVEN HAVE MROE NEW BRATZ GENIE MAGIC STUFF , LIKE A FORTUNE TELLING SORT OF DOLL , IT LOOKES LIKE THE RA MAKE-OVER HEAD , BUT IT TELLS FORTUNES INSTEAD !!! AND BOARD ... . WELL , TRUST ME , TOSN OF STUFF , BUT , GO TO MGAE WEBSITE , THEIR ALL THERE !!!!!!!!! THIS DOLL ROCKS , AND I HOPE TO GET HER !!! BRATZ ROCK .
 yeah http://www.bratzmania.tk rox !!! it 's the best site ever and walter is so nice ! * BRATZ MANIA ROX !!! http://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tklol I love it so much ! - * many kisses * - Jennie
 I read a review by a girl that beleives we can just go and buy a Barbie if we need a blondie doll ; and I like that idea!There really is nothing wrong with blonds , but Barbies are just so aggravating ! And so is Myscene . >:-LRB- >:-LRB- >:-LRB- > : -LRB- So I 'll give you the heads up on this doll : Yasmin is an exotic beauty!Her clothes and accessories just flow together!The only ` let-down ' is that her pants are rather tight and can be difficult to pull on and off!Her painted-on underwear shows when she sits ; but YOU CA N'T REALLY SEE that because her long flowing hair covers it!All together , she 's AN AWSOME DOLL AND ANYONE WIL LOVE HER!I DID!TAKE MY WORD FOR IT : BRUNETTES ARE BEAUTIFUL COMPARED TO THOSE FAKE BLEACHED BLOND SUPERSTARS!YOU WILL LOVE HER ! - Courtney Smith , Bratz lover!AND TAKE MY WORD FOR THIS : MYSCENE IS REALLY CHEASY.THE CLOTHES DO N'T FIT WELL AND THEY COPY BRATZ COSTANTLY!I ONCED OWNDED THEM!Take my word for it
 I REALLY LIKE THESE GENIE DOLLS . THEY ARE SO SUPER STYLIN ' !!!!! I LOVE THE HAIR AND THE MAKE-UP BUT MOST OF ALL I LOVE THE BEAUTIFUL OUTFITS . I LIKE ALL OF THE DOLLS BUT OF COURSE YASMIN IS MY FAVORITE . YASMIN AND SASHA ARE THE BEST BRATZ DOLLS I THINK . I REALLY LOVE THE BROWN-HAIRED DOLLS . -LRB- NO OFFENSE BUT IF WE WANTED A BLONDE-HAIRED DOLL WE 'D BUY A BARBIE . -RRB- THANKS MGA FOR REALIZING THAT WE ARE ALL DIFFERENT AND FOR REFLECTING THAT IN YOUR DOLLS . WE HAVE ENOUGH BLONDE-HAIRED DOLLS ALREADY . HURRAY FOR YASMIN AND SAHSA !!!!
 Way awsome . I played with one at my friends house for like what a munit and it was the coolest thing ever ! ive played with toys where they cant even bend foreward but these beat them all ! They can do things i cant even do -LRB- besides using a gun :-RRB- like stand on one hand and do the splits and stuff ! I sereously recomend them !! and I Am a good modelist so it was easy to put together but may need time to put together if you are not the best at putting things together . And I do n't reccomend little infents around -LRB- small parts could choke ! -RRB- but they are fun you can paint them , put the stikers on or just play ! A WAY COOL TOY !!! BUY THEM !!!
 All the reviews above said what I had to say . So go buy one first and foremost . The true drawbacks to Stikfas are the inevitable wear and tear of ball joints and the small size . Now I 'm 16 and I do n't have to worry about me swallowing a part or losing one -LRB- now where did I put that uzi ? -RRB- and he is n't like a lego man small but they are only 3 inches . Now like I have experienced with the building toy knex and their form of lego men the ball joints begin to wear down after awhile . This presents a problem but at the stikfas website -LRB- stikfas.com -RRB- they have tips on how to keep them up and running . Fantastic toy and I look forward to their Samurai , Knight and horse , Fireman , Green , Dragon and rider , skaterboy , police officer and dog , and cool fat torso robot with a blaster and goldenbear on the sholder . Thats ... 11 different stikfas right there . Oh and hopefully the price gets knocked down to maybe 5 bucks . This army is costing some dough !
 These toys RAWK ! I 'm an adult toy collector , and female , and I hardly ever take my collectibles out of their respective packaging , but I knew going in that these were coming out of the box ! I 'd been checking them out , reading reviews and was a bit shocked at the price and the size -LRB- 3 inches ?! -RRB- , but then I bit the bullet and purchased one ... and now it is too late for me ! Run while you can!My fingers get sore during assembly , and being an adult it is still easy to not wait and read the directions and make mistakes . Luckily , these can be forgiving - in some spots . Ruthlessly painful in others . Word of advice
 This toy is the greatest . All the accessories and the STIKers can make for at least a million different figures!Fun
 It 's easy to see this as a cheap set of punch out body parts with guns , but there 's so much more . It is , in fact , a set of punch out body parts with guns -LRB- many , many firearms -RRB- , but it is also a great model for drawing and scetching . Much like the model figures used for professional artists , this can be posed in countless and lifelike ways . The variety of guns and ladder -LRB- great for hand-stand poses -RRB- will be favorites of any burgeoning comic artist . It 's deceptively -LRB- though stylishly -RRB- subtle box-design does n't entirely do it justice to the amount of fun that can be had with this figure -LRB- although , as an adult toy collecter , I found the design immediately appealing -RRB- . This is a brilliant , excellent toy and I highly recommend it to any buyer at any age , especially those with any sort of visual art interests , especially animation or sculpture . It can be mean , cute , serious , or funny , and although guns are clearly in mad-effect , this is a toy without violent or -LRB- thankfully -RRB- nationalistic or patriotic overtones . I recommend it to everyone despite their politics . I , for example , am in favor of gun control , but like Tarantino-style action flicks . This fit that perfectly . It neither endorses violence , nor shy 's from it . It 's real , and is what you make it to be . For this , it 's highly educational , highly fun , and as adequately durable.It 's one of the best and most stylish toys on the market I 've seen lately . A must have for any collector .
 Ok , I 'm 17 and I don ' y play with very many toys , just GIjoe and GIJ nockoffs , BUT , I do thoroughly enjoy STiKFAS , I baught an Alpha Male Mil . Green , and loved it so much , I went straight back to T ` R ' U and baught the Alpha Male Samurai . I think they rock and are the best thing scince the ball-joint -LCB- the joint used for the figure -RCB- . And the stuff that is included ! ... I love fully poseable figs and these are the best . I reccomend them for all . Best part is the face STiK-ers , I love changing the facial expressions , dumb , to mean , mean to gas mask , g-mask to insane ! AH , I must buy more ! You buy one too !
 This toy was created by a group of people who thought of EVERYTHING that was good and true about action figures . I initially scoffed at the near -LSB- $ -RSB- price tag , but the gent behind the counter assured me that once I put this little man together I would not put him down . He was right . They are so much fun , almost too much fun ... To begin with the box shows you exactly what the entire toy comes with , it has the plastic sprues pictured on the cover so you know what you 're getting . Opening up the box the sprues come in a Ziploc bag . Think about that , how many times have you been playing with your actions figures -LRB- G.I. Joe , Star Wars , what have you -RRB- and lost a gun ? The bag was a ` slap the forehead ' easy idea that should have been done ten years ago when I was a kid -LRB- oh , to have the light sabers back from my Star Wars figs -RRB- . Assembly is easy enough if you do n't mind getting a file to remove some of the burrs , as the plastic is not scored very deep . In about 10 minutes you have yourself an action man , ready to do anything your imagination can conjure up.My favorite part about this toy is that I was able to put this toy in all the poses I saw on the box , no false advertising here , the range of motion is phenomenal , and the accessories and guns simply make this the best stocking stuffer ever . The action figure also comes with a sheet of stickers , ranging from silly faces to grim-gas-mask wearing - counter-terrorist-S.W.A.T.-team-army-skull-jack-o-lantern expressions . My favorite part of the sticker sheet ... The Mother heart tattoo . If this figure came in yellow , I 'd have my own personal SCUD toy.Now for some criticism
 Stikfas is great ! They 're so fun and have so many possible weapons that you can entertain yourself with just this little toy for quite awhile . The body moves in an almost human range of motion ! Plus the stikers are a cool way to custimize your stikfas . I 'm waiting for more versions to come out !
 These figures , called Stickfas , are fully posable and come with a buttload of weapons . You can pose them in any way and make action poses too . They are so fun and all , but they do n't have a playset , to make a fight scene . So therefore I give this product a 9/10 .
 I am not given to hyperbole and being well over 30 I have sene my fare share of cool toys -LRB- Micronauts , Star Wars action figures , etc. -RRB- . Where many action figures now-a-days are superdetailed , Stikfas goes the exact opposite direction!These are generic action figures whoose roles are determined by the equipment that they carry . Otherwise -LRB- and it is a very clever name -RRB- , they are just stick figures . They have a huge variety of poses that they can be put into and generally balance very well gived the disporportional feet.I have a few of them now and have had good fun . Assembling is a breeze , though I STRONGLY recommend using precision clippers when taking them out of the plastic trees . Otherwise they will not look so smooth as the CGI images from the website and boxes.Also it would have been nice to have a display stand in the kit , as that would enable even crazier poses for your shelf or in my case desk.Lastly the biggest problem is that you can not stop at buying one . There are so many cool figures by this company ! They are a Singapore company , which is a great country so supporting them supports the economy of one of my favorite places !
 This is the best idea for a toy line ever ! Perfect for customizing ! These generic figures can be made into pretty much anything with a little paint and putty .
 I do n't usually play with action figures . In fact , I 'm going to college so all I usually do is study . A friend of mine and major action figure fanatic got three Stikfas on order on day and asked me , sense he 'd sprained his hand , to help him put them together . At Parts were small and could be hard to click in place but pretty soon , after a few screw ups , one lost piece , a bit of crawling on the floor to find the lost piece , a short argument over were a foot was left or right and two sodas . I had a carefully constructed , three inch tall little man . He was so cool.I started to move him , trying out poses to see what the Stikfas could do . I soon realized there was very little he could n't do . From hand stands , standing on one leg , or lounging on his side in a relaxed pose , there were few positions a human could be in that this action figure could n't . And suddenly I realized I 'd been playing with this Stikfas for an hour and I was n't bored yet . While more modern action figures I 've seen sacrifice play for realism , Stikfas are admirably true to form . They can be played with for hours.There are down sides to Stikfas . Kids will need help putting them together and the instructions are n't very clear unless you have some experience with models or a lot of time on your hands . But even I , who have never been able to put a model together , was able to figure it out with a little help and the pictures on the box . At first Stikfas are stiff because there joints fit tightly , and yes there legs and arms will come off , the up side is they go back on easily . I have seen people who have broken the knobs on the ends of the limbs , but a bit of super glue solves most problems like that pretty fast . And I 've only seen this once.Mostly , Stikfas are fun , simple toys that allow imagination to run wild . Iwht a here inch tall plain black figure it can be anything from a solider to a wizard and the knight , oir fi you wan there is a knight Stikfas out there . Lastly , I brought my Stikfas over to friends home one to show her and her little brother loved him . He spent three hours laying with the little man and then wanted to keep him . How could I say no ? So now my Stikfas belongs to him . But I can proudly say I already own another one .
 I have brought a stikfa and I am not dissapointed with the toy , although hard to assemble , the finished prouduct is very fun and very poseable . The negs is that the toy is small -LRB- 3 inches !!! -RRB- , ... and the hands are quite troublesome -LRB- tiny -RRB- . Heres a tip for you , when you finish the stikfa get a nail - clipper and cut off those annoying stumps . The ascessories to the military stikfa is very cool and many , -LRB- mostly guns , hats , and a ladder -RRB- they should give you some time to tinker with , and they also come with a convenient and durable zip-lock bag so you can store those tiny ascessories without them falling out . The funny part is is that they come with postcards ... and a wide selection of decals -LRB- I like the gas mask type -RRB- . I am looking foward to getting the multi - segmented robot thats comming soon ... but I will tell you , you will not regret this invoative , fun , and poseable toy !!!
 I did n't really want to pay this much for a toy when they first came out . In fact , my kids bought 4 Stikfas figures with birthday money before I bought one . They are n't as good as little plastic army men for invading a sofa , but they are incredibly poseable . Our bookshelf has three of them in various tableus every time I walk past it . This morning , the knight was charging a dinosaur , and this afternoon , the dino is eating an army grunt who 's going down fighting.The plastic is a little soft , and my youngest alread broke a pin off one piece . But with care and a toenail clipper , they can be removed and filed down and are very presentable.They provide dual versions , so that you can attach pockets or have smooth sleeve/shirt/pants versions . I imagine a number of customization contests are going to come out for these.I think they 're best for having something to play with on your desk or to pose while on the phone . Future expansion packs are going to be well-recieved , as well.The price is a little high for kids , but worth it for what you get .
 These toys are great . My son loves these and he is not rich . You can decorate them and use them for any thing your mind can imagin . The only way you wo n't like them is if you do n't have an imagination .
 These are great action figures for people who like to fidget . They are amazingly articulated and poseable . They also may easily be customized or remain anonymous . May be too difficult to put together for younger children -LRB- < 12 years -RRB- , though .
 I collect action figures and when I saw these I immediately thought they were the most original action figure I 've seen in a long time . They are fun to assemble they have a good number of variants coming out and they are completely interchangeable . In fact the website even encourages you to make your own parts and to paint them . They are capable of providing hours of fun for anyone from 8 to 60 + .
 these great thins are only 3 inches high . they are amazing fun . you can put them into any position , the can stand on one foot and do handstands . the legs are unfortunately pron to breaking , but it should be fine if you are n't hard on them ...
 Absolutely fun . If you are/were one those kids who enjoyed those old , fully poseable GI Joe 's , Legos , or any other kind of toy that lets you use your imagination , Stikfas take them up a step . The pieces are interchangable , and customizable with decals and weapon/pack accessories that let you create pretty much any look you can come up with on your little action figure . With 14 different posable parts , have something as simple as an artist 's mannequin to something as complicated as a fully painted figurine -LRB- if one takes the time -RRB- . The only drawback is that the pieces are small and possibly dangerous for tiny or careless kids . Simple , yet fun , and no doubt going to make a big hit in the toy industry . For now , only the military version -LRB- sort of like posable army men -RRB- is available , but there 's more to come . Check out the current and upcoming products at stikfas.com .
 My 10 year old son bought this toy on vacation and truly thought it was one of the best toys he ever had . He played with it non-stop for one week ... he 's looking over my shoulder now and says `` These were super-fun toys , you could do all kinds of stuff with them `` Here 's the bad , after one week of play , the plastic had broken to such an extent that the toy had to be thrown away . I 've written to the manufacturer complaiing about the quality which I would like to see improved before I would buy more of them .
 Stikfas are one of the greatest toys to ever come along . The kits are fun to build , fun to play with and can be customized using the included accessories and stickers . I 've never had so much fun with a single toy in my life . And they 're even better in multiples . You 'll want a dozen of these things.Highly reccomended ! ... BTW ... do n't let the lack of `` educational value '' deter you . If you like to build , play or customize , you owe it to yourself to check these bad boys out !!
 Stikfas are a lot of fun they are pretty easy to set up and they very cool specaly there acsaery I really recamend this pruodct .
 I got this toy for my 3 year old daughter for Xmas . She is interested in using mommy 's calculator and I loved how this one talked . The voice is nice and clear . It gives you a choice to say the numbers as units and digits -LRB- 25 = two , five or twenty-five -RRB- . It also has an answer only option -LRB- it only speaks the answer -RRB- . The only fault I have with it is it misreads numbers by inserting `` and '' incorrectly -LRB- 859 = eight hundred and fifty-nine -RRB- . Only the decimal point should be read as `` and '' . I know that sounds nerdy but I 'm a teacher so I ca n't help it ! Overall pretty good toy . I could n't find a better one and I looked hard !
 this is a really neat thing to have . i bought it as a toy for my 16month old granddaughter . she plays with it a lot . of course she does n't know what she is doing but she enjoys pushing the buttons and hearing the voice . i use it too to do my paperwork or pay bills . it 's a really neat product and i hope it is produced for a long time .
 My grandson plays with this calculator all the time . He sees his parents punching numbers on their cell phones and allows him to do the same .
 bratz adventure girlz rocks!especcily sasha.but all of them is beautiful.but i have to say ... i do n't have any of the dolls.you 'll proubobly see me again christmas day not christmas eve though because i 'll be busy opening presents and maybe i 'll be out to eat.anyway , i love bratz so you should know that i love this toy .
 I just ordered one two weeks ago . Man did i have fun !! some of my friends had them and we had fights . The price is sort of a rip-off , but still they 're great toys . When i ordered this , i even found i get two racks of weapons . I hope you sell the samurai .
 I bought one of these just the other day and am having a blast setting it up in various goofy poses . These things are so much fun , it makes me wish they had some kind of purpose .
 Great toys , I have a big Army of Black 's Green 's and now finally Tans ! . I love these little guys , There so much fun , and the weird thing is , they dont actually DO anything . there just a super poseable action figure , What every boy -LRB- or girl , my 2 little sisters love em -RRB- wanted when they played with little green army men , Ones that moved and had an arsenal of guns!Good job ! Just dont loose the edge and get too big for your boots ! There making a lot of variants and I think it could get silly , Mabey an accessory kit for them with new guns and things ? like a rope and a hook etc etc ?? just a thought .
 I 'm not really into the Stikfas toys . The only appeal they have for me are their limbs as these are great for custom projects and are the right size for making Pinky : st figures with movable joints.Other then complete mutilation for these toys for custom projects , I do n't see much in them . I mean you can only pose these things so long before they get tedious and you throw them aside .
 The Travel Bingo product is AWESOME ! It is a great way to travel , fun for the whole family and I gave it for Christmas presents to everyone this year . The only negative , it cost me more for shipping than for the actual bingo games . The vendor said they would charge me less but never credited my account .
 The cards are great . I remembered having something like this when I was a kid . I ordered them for a road trip we were going on this Summer . The only problem is that the trip I took was driving through corn fields and alot of empty land ... not much to see . One of the cards was looking for a dog , cat , girl , boy , mailbox , etc. . These are not things you usually see on a highway . I think overall , they are alot of fun as long as you are doing highway and more populated areas together . My kids loved them and although it was hard to get bingo because of where we travelled , they still had fun . Maybe someone could make cards like this with license plates on them instead of other items to find .
 We got these from a retail shop while on vacation a few years back . We keep them in the side pocket of the car and pull them out for games on longer road trips . They are great to help pass the time when everyone has gotten bored from the usual activities in the car . Recently , we started using them in a car pool . The kids love them ; the only drawback is , after a few trips via the same route , they know just where to find things . I have them call out when they see things so only one kid can claim credit for what they see . It adds a little more challenge that way . These would also be great to take along on field trips , scout trips or any trip covering new territory .
 Every year we take a 12-hour car trip and I 'm always looking for things to keep my kids amused . I learned the hard way on our first trip that both of my kids get car sick . Most games for kids in the car involve looking down at your lap - the worst thing to do when you are feeling car sick . This trip encourage kids to look out the window to find what they need to win bingo . It 's one of the few games they can play without getting nauseous!I 've had these cards for my children for several years and they have held up great . We keep them in the back of the car and they even pull them out for short trips around town .
 I recently sought these out as a gift for a friend on a cross-country car trip with his kids . We used to play this for hours as kids . He loved it , as it brought back childhood memories for him as well . And the kids had a ball with them . These are the original cards that are exactly how we remembered them . Recommended !
 This kept the kids busy in the car for a while - they just kept changing boards
 We got these for our recent road trip and while they did n't hold the attention of our youngest passengers , it was a good time killer for ages 6 + .
 I had a very old bingo card my children use to play -LRB- all in there 30 's now -RRB- got the address & ordered more cards for my grandchildren . A friendly sales person took my order & got my order very fast . I was impressed ! My grandkids love this game ! Not only do they get competitive but it 's a learning tool . I am very happy with this product & will order more I 'm sure . Did n't you have one that had animals -LRB- cows , dogs etc ? -RRB-
 I loved playing auto bingo as a child and teenager on vacations , so I wanted to buy the bingo cards as a gift for my nephew . I could not find the cards in any store , and was happy to see them at amazon . I wish there was a way , though , to choose the colors you want to buy . I bought 4 , hoping there would be one of each color , or even 4 of the same color . Instead I received 3 pink ones and 1 orange one . There was no way to specify the type either , one I received was a highway game , different from the other 3 . I love the cards , but hope the ordering process changes , so I have a choice if I buy additional cards .
 I bought these cards for my sons birthday grab bags and they worked out perfectly . They are more durable than most of the junk that gets thrown into those bags and they actually give them something to do in the car besides blowing a cheap whistle . I would recommend getting these for a car ride but do n't expect them to last forever . The board is good but the windows that slide across can be a little flimsy .
 These cards are great ! They 're the perfect road trip game . They get kids to look out the window and pay attention to their surroundings instead of just staring at a video game for hours . The different cards are great since once someone wins you can switch cards and play again . I 've mainly seen these sold in packs of 3 so this is great if you need more or less than that .
 This helps pass the time and takes the place of any video type game for a change
 This product is great for 2 or more people traveling in a car . It is especiallly good for children ages 5 and up so as to keep them busy for awhile .
 I loved these as a child so I purchased them for my children before we took a LONG road trip . Fun and entertaining . Even my 2 year old had fun sliding the little covers back and forth . We 'll be using these for years .
 We live in a rural area so traveling for an hour to go somewhere is common . We keep these in our car and use them frequently . Very easy to use and fun for all ages .
 I saw Stikfas at a convention and was immediately curious , but as soon as i put my first one together i was genuinely hooked.I ca n't really explain why they 're so much fun . After all , they 're just little models that you can pose and `` dress-up '' with guns , shields , and other accessories - you just have to experience it for yourself.These ones are Soldier Stikfas , but the company makes Knight , Samurai , and Firefighter models too - hopefully they 'll be available here soon.Review Explanation : Fun 5 - Like i said , i ca n't really explain it.Educational 2 - Their range of motion is pretty close to a -LRB- very flexible -RRB- human 's and some skill is required in assembly , but otherwise there 's not much to learn here.Durable 3 - They 're not flimsy , but they are small and plastic . Beware of small children -LRB- swallowable parts ! -RRB- , pets , and heat .
 More fun than a bucket of army men ; more customizable than a G.I. Joe . The extra pieces and stickers make customizing as much fun as playing.The toy comes with enough pieces to make 2 torsoes . Why not throw in another head and a few more leg pieces , bump the price to $ 11 and have two toys ? $ 8.99 is a lot for one toy , but $ 5.50 each seems reasonable.What the toy lacks in quantity it makes up for in quality . If you do n't mind dropping the dough , pick up one of these guys .
 Let me start off by saying this is not my first Stikfa , I have at least one of every set out so far , so I might be a little bias . Never the less these are some of the best action figures out there for creative people or some one that just wants something different . They are made to customized or fun even if left as is . You build them and then it 's up to you what 's next . So weather you bring out the paint and sculpty to create a movable work of art or just use the stickers and multiple accessories to make a unique action figure , you will not be disappointed with a Stikfa action figure kit .
 this is a cool toy because you can pose it any way you like to fit your needs of making a room more cooler like my roomfun = 5 because its so funeducation = 5 because it made me remember the joints of the bodydurability = 5 these toys last a long time there just plastic so in my book it will last long and plus my cousin kept throwing my STIKFA in the air and hit the ground and it never broke .
 I got one of these Stikfa figures for Christmas as kind of a joke . I decided to open it up and put it together and the options are UNBELIEVABLE . This is a cool toy . You can peice it together hoever you like , with weapons , stickers , and all kinds of other stuff . I recommend getting your hands on a couple of these . Great for any age .
 Great toy for the imagination but it would be nice if it was easier to get all of the pieces out and attached . I will continue to buy them even if it takes a while to get all of the parts out .
 These toys are the best!I like these because they are soooooo durabule and fun .
 The new Stikfas military models are so fun.I am 11 years old , and I think that they are cool.they are pretty easy to put together , and they snap together . I think that any child from ages 5-12 will like these . I am into a lot of model type things these are as good as every other models .
 I am 15 years old , a male , i saw one in a local electronic game store , and i got it . It is insanely cool . I still put in in new positions every day , maybe add a new stiker , just have fun with it . Beats the heck out of those little green army men , it stands by itself and can be put in almost any position . Its got a bunch of guns , a sheild , a ladder , some neat stickers to customize it , and extra torso and waist w / attachments . so worth the cash , but it is a little action figure after all , you 'll probably only play w / it about 30 minutes a day , but every day
 The asian toy movement hits the American shores full force with the release of Stikfas . These kits have been available through specialty resellers for a while but are now making their debut in the big toy stores . The great thing about Stikfas is that every one is customizable . You can assemble and put together your own unique figure every time and no two have to be alike . These things are like mini-figure models that you can cut out and assemble , paint or sticker as you choose . They also have to be the most poseable toys on the market . You can make this guys do just about anything . A great toy for a great price . Stikfas are going to be huge in 2003 .
 Very coolthis is the toy on everykids wish list on christmas thank you for reading my review
 I use it to decorate my sons 's bedroom . There 's not much dr Seus decorations stuffs on the market . But I did it with this and other stuffs and looks awesome . Ans my son loves his room .
 My grandkids love the stools and as soon as they opened the box for Christmas they said `` Our Stools '' ; took them right to the bathroom and got a drink of water . The kids are 4 & 3 years old . Wonderful gift .
 There are no surprises with this puzzle . Its fun , and has a fairly high replay value even though its a globe and you know the ending already ! ; -RRB-
 I love this Cloe . She 's beautiful . she has such a cute outfit , and she has shiny golden blonde hair , and I love the printings on them , totally genie like . I like this collection . I love the fact that MGAE is going a little unrealistic , and thats good , when people say Bratz are n't realistic , your right , but whats bad about that , Barbie is the best doll made -LRB- same with Bratz , their really popular now -RRB- , and she 's totally unrealistic , and people love her . Anyways , I love this doll , Cloe is probably my favorite . I hope to get them all . Bratz rock .
 THIS CLOE IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BEAUTIFUL.I THINK THE BRATZ GENIE MAGIC COLLETION IS SOOOO AWSOME.I AM THINKING ABOUT BRATZ CAN MAKE BRATZ GENIE MAGIC TO A MOVIE TOO.THIS COULD BE SUPER FUN.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 I ca n't thik of much mre 2 say besides that she iz BRATIFUL!UNIQUE!CREATIVE!SWEET!You will enjoy this Cloe doll , trust me!I love her hair style!I love it ! ~ ! ~ ! ~ ! ~ % $ % $ % ~ !! ~ ! - Courtney Smith
 I seen that 2 at Target!By the way , they have a playset with a flyin carpet.Oh , and Katia has a genie bottle .
 Thanks for telling me about the Bratz on ebay , Sara . Also thak you for telling me about bratzmania.tk ! THIS DOLL IS BEAUTIFUL !
 yeah http://www.bratzmania.tk rox !!! it 's the best site ever and walter is so nice ! * BRATZ MANIA ROX !!! http://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tkhttp://www.bratzmania.tklol I love it so much ! - * many kisses * - Jennie
 Whats next ? I adore just adore cloe oh thanks everyone for giving me the best site like ever ! I hear there 's 2 new characters leah and lilly I think but I love how the extended the midnight dance . Meygan , cloe and yasmin great but were is sasha ? I always get sasha but still pretty cloe ! - a Big Bratz lover .
 I got this doll as a present for Easter . I was so excited when I got her . Her outfit is so pretty . My sister and I have lots of fun with the fortune telling lamp . We like to play Bratz and we make them go to England and they have a blast ! For Bratz-lovers , this toy is an excellent toy !
 I think Chloe 's hair is pretty . It has a braid . I like her clothes . They are pretty - she is dressed like a genie . I love her skirt - it has layers . Her necklace is pretty it even comes with a necklace for you . I like how something hangs down from her hair at the front . I like that she comes with 2 pairs of shoes . Her bracelet is golden . I love her makeup . I like her earrings .
 This doll is fine . Oh , and also , the Bratz are Genies , this is normally what genies wear , duh . And also , these are n't tatoos , it does n't say that , it 's just paintings on their arms and legs , like all genies do . Duh !! This doll is fine for kids , my little sister -LRB- who is 5 -RRB- got this doll yesterday , and she loves it , she has n't done anything inappropriate , that is because she does n't think their slutty , most kids her age does n't even know what that means . And she plays with her nonstop , and she loves her . I love Bratz dolls too , I got Genie Magic Jade yesterday too , and she rules , so for the record , shut up .
 I thought Katia would not be an exclusive . Oh well she still looks cute ! Any way , Cloe is my third favorite Genie Magic Bratz . I like the way MGA thought of making a genie collection . * Rae
 The new bratz genie magic really know how to capture the far east look.I 'm a indian / Cathlic so i know if its traditinal or not and those paintings on their bodies are henna tatoos . the indian name is mendi which come off in a couple of weeks so their not real tatoos.i always used to wish for bratz goes to india but mgae called them bratz genie magic but who cares . There still very beaitiful.Theres one thing i like to state all the bratz genie magic are very pretty so it dosent matter which one you get.the bratz genie magic are n't out in australia yet so my mum said instead of a bratz rock angelz i 'll get a bratz genie magic . p.s if you get a bratz genie magic your lucky.PUNK PRINCESS
 I do n't have blonde hair myself , but the person who said blonde dolls are ugly is not only stupid , but really offensive . It would seriously hurt someone 's feelings . Anyway , I do n't have any of the genie magic dolls , but I 've seen the movie and it is great . I 'm still planning which one I should get , see . If you have seen the bratz TV series it is also great , but I am sick of seeing the same episodes over and over again . I give this doll a 4 coz I do n't think Cloe is my favorite in genie magic . My favorite bratz girl has got ta be Jade . She rocks . At school we have our own bratz club . I am kool kat , Jade . This Cloe doll has a really nice outfit and any Cloe fan will love her so get it , oh , and see the movie . ; -RRB-
 she rocks ilove her her clothes are very preety looking bratz rock bratz rock ps if bratz have genie magie colliton 2 iam going to laugh my ass
 I heard about Dana is in this collcetion but she is no.It ` s Katia.I saw her on ebay.She comes with a genie magic bottle.I think Katia and Jade are the best , and so Cloe.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 You know what I just noticed ? Cloe 's first outfit is similar to the one that Shakira wore in her video for `` Hips Do n't Lie '' ! If you get Yasmin and Cloe , you can switch Cloe 's first outfit onto Yasmin and you could pretend Yasmin is Shakira ! And Cloe of course is a beloved fan of hers . -LRB- not my best idea , but hey , you could at least give me props for trying okay ? -RRB- Cloe is so HOTT in her genie magic outfit , and I LOVE the hair . I also like the little crystal ball . -LRB- I have a thing about small things -RRB- . anyway , Clo ROX ROX ROX MI SOX SOX SOX !!! ~ + ~ Burnt Zoe and the Toasters ~ + ~ FOR LIFE !!! ~ END THE DOLL WAR ~
 I bought this Bratz for my daughters Birthday , and she absolutely loves it . My daughter is a huge Bratz fan , and every time something new from Bratz comes out , she has to have it .
 I got this doll as an Easter present . I totally love it ! Her blue skirt is so pretty ! I love the pink top ! I like her second outfit too , but I think the first one is better . The second outfit is composed of a jean mini skirt , a cool green spagetti-strap shirt and a pair a funky genie sandals . I love playing with the chrystal ball . When my sister and I play Bratz Cloe looks into the future and we make up funny fortunes , like Cloe will tell Jade that when she leaves she 'll get hit by a car . Or she 'll tell Yasmin that the next time they go to an amusment park Yasmin will have to go on the biggest roller coaster there . -LRB- When I play Bratz Yasmin hates big roller coasters -RRB- . Or she 'll tell Sasha she 's going to be rich and be a rock star . If you do n't have a Genie Magic doll and you 're planning to buy one and you ca n't decide which one to get , get Cloe ! You 'll love her , I can assure you!Over and Out !
 Well over the past years i have purchased bratz dolls , i have lost every single Accessory that came with them ! But with this new Bratz Genie Magic , they dont have much of those tiny pieces . and the clothes are beautiful ! unlike those other slut-like clothes other bratz collection had , these have great fabric and the dolls hair is so cool and after hours of playing it didnt even tangle or mess up . but besides the durability , the doll is way fun . mostly for little kids to pretend but us `` big kids '' like to collect them and when our friends are not over over we like to play with them lol anyway the bracelet i got was very pretty and me and my friend each have one . with every doll , there is new outfit , bracelet , shoes , and more!by
 Hi . this doll is cool . But sometimes i can not think of anything when playing bratz with my friend haley . So I figured that maybe other kids have the same problem . So here is an idea . If you have a tv , and you have disney channel , you have probably seen the show The Suite life of Zack and Cody . If you do n't like it , then you should move on to the next review . but if you do , keep reading . You could use it as a basis . you would need two camerons for zack and cody , and maybe a cloe and jade for london and maddie . to go even further , you would need a dylan for mr.moseby , and ... probably a fianna for the mom . you 'll also need some extras . then , a plot ... lets say that ... . there is a new foreign exchange student at school , aka your choice of the genie magic girls , from india , and everybody teases her . but cody actually likes her . and i mean likes her . as in a crush . so he tells zack , who discourages him , saying that he 'll ruin his reputation if he hangs out with her , but really is only concerned for his own reputation . at first , cody listens to zack and stops being nice to the new girl , and does n't say anything to the other kids when they talk about her . but then he finally decides that zack was wrong . but he already messed it up with her , and she had gotten really ticked at him . So cody gets ticked at zack , who confesses . making him even more ticked . you can handle the ending , right ? good . over and out .
 I LOVE THE NEW STUFF !!! Question
 yay i cant wait for these new bratz to be out in stores !!! i found out about these cool new bratz stuff at http://www.bratzmania.tk thats the best website ever !!!! love Kristy < 3
 Wow ! she is 100 % cool ! I love her skirt and her accesories , the second outfit is nice too ! from all the Bratz Genie Magic dolls she is the best!I really like this doll!and I hope I might get it!I only have 2 Bratz dolls ! and 4 myscene and 3 barbies overall my dolls are 9 ! here are the Bratz that I have :1 . Bratz ice champions Vinessa2.Bratz PFF JadeI have lots of blonde dolls -LRB- 3 are not blonde -RRB- but i 'm not blonde ! I have black hair and dark brown streaks.My mom just buy me blonde dolls and I think their cute ! by the way Cloe is a very cute and sassy doll!I also love her tatoos on her hand!the thing on her forehead makes her look like a lot like a very magical genie.bye-bye !
 To me it seems as if some reviewers do n't like blondes ! One person on this review board said blonde dolls are ugly . I hate that ! I have lots of blonde dolls that are not ugly . And a reviwer called `` The Toy Lady '' said if we want blonde dolls we should buy barbies ! No way ! If MGA let us buy barbies to have a blond doll there would be no Cloe ! What would Bratz be without Cloe ? It would be like taking away Yasmin . But no one would want Yasmin gone because she is not a blond ! But if Cloe was taken away it would be o.k. because she is a blond ! No way no how ! I am a blond and I hate stuff like that ! I bet you both are jealous since you are not blonds ! I love Cloe ! Here is my order of fave bratz out of the 4 main ones
 I also got news!Today I went to eaby , and I saw a new Katia.She is like the size as the Rock Angelz makeover head.By the way , she is not a makeover head.She is the genie who tells fortunes.She has a magic genie ball , and she can move and speak.And If you ask her a question , she will anwser you.It sounds fun to play with.I ca n`t wait to see it at stores.And I hope that MGA can make playsets for the Genie Magic dolls.By the way , Katia doll with the Genie Magic Bottle and Meygan are going to be on my wish list.I ca n`t even wait for the movie.I think it sounds more fun then Rock Angelz.Well lets see what will happen.And I hope the graphics will be CGI , as the Rock Angelz movie.I think it will be.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 i have them and i lov them , they are so cool , but there is one bad side to nona , her name means grandma in Italian -_- S.P STILL LOVE THE DOLLS !
 OMG Tess and Nona are my favorite Twiinz . They are pretty and fashionable , I like Tess better . Oh , and I decided I do n't like My scene dolls anymore . I do n't know why , but I changed my mind on them , oh , and also , I did n't like their movie , but I 'm not going to you know make fun of them or anything , so do n't worry . Anyways , these dolls rock , I hope I can get them , cause getting twins is one of MGAE 's best ideas . Bratz rock .
 I HAVE THIES DOLLS THEY R GOR O US LOVE THEM . ANY WAYS THOES R THE REAL DOLLS . LAUREN I CAN NOT GO ON BRATZ MANIA ANYMORE PLEASE WRITE BACK
 I was pleased with them because they are my favorite bratz dolls however the asking price is way too much . if the price was lower id have bern happier cause when they first came out i got a better version for only 40 but over the years i needed new ones . normally i would never spend that much but they are a have to for me
 These Twiins are beautiful and one of my favorite sets of twiins . They 're clothes are gorgeous and so well detailed it looks as though you have shrunk real clothes . Tess is my favorite . I love her hair and her style is so different . Nona is very pretty , too . I wanted to see what they 're names mea n't , so i looked it up on this other website . the name Tess comes from the name Theresia , which is a city in Ancient Greece . . The name Nona means The Ninth . Overall , i like these dolls . It is a good set to have , if you are a collector .
 I order this twins rite but they send me valentina n orianna witch i hve already i hope they can hve them again cuze its not faer when i ordered them it said 5 more on stock or sumthing like dat but i hope they r albe to give me the rite ones next time ...
 THese twinz rock so much!I got them 4 my birthday and I forgot but I do remember 1 is solo ! Sorry 4 the lousy imfo but I lost the silver key chain!The devils namw is Nona and she has red and black pants ans a shirt that sais misunderstood and a red leather jacket ! Wutd u get 4 christmas?I got Fianna and her review is on her page!I ` m so sorry u ca n`t do on bratzmania!Tell yur sister I now have the limo , linsay , Hudson , bARBIE AND madison.I wish I had Chelsea!Well , these dolls r the best twins so far!I want the sisters !
 Meet the other generation of the Bratz Twiinz ! collection Nona and Tess ! Two -LRB- 2 -RRB- new and beautiful Bratz sisters for 2005 by the wonderful MGA Entertainment.Bratz Nona and Tess come to you complete with : Haibruses -LRB- 2 -RRB- Key Chains -LRB- 2 -RRB- Nona and Tess PosterOutfits -LRB- 2 -RRB- Pairs Of Shoes -LRB- 2 -RRB- Make UpAccessoriezNona is the sweet girl , her nickname is Star because she loves to be in the center of the crowd and Tess is the bad girl her nickname is Solo because she always does things on her own!I personally like both of them . My favorite is Nona . Nona is the one with the hair tied up and Tess is the one with the red leather jacket and hair pulled down.Fulliem
 these dolls are so beautiful . personally , i like the phoebe doll better , but they are both lovely !
 These are the most gorgeous twins in the Twiins collection . My favorite is Tess , but Nona is very nice too . Tess wears a pair of black jeans embroidered with red stitching , a white shirt that says Missunderstood -LRB- Yes , they put two 's ' -RRB- , a cool red leather jacket , and a pair a black shoes similar to high heels . She also has this really cool neckband . Nona wears a pretty red-pink spagetti strap top , a pair of jeans with squiggly designs on them that includes a gold belt , a leopard print shrug and some red-pink high heels.Tess comes with : * A pair of red sunglasses * A black cell phone * A black make-up compact -LRB- No brush included -RRB- * Three silver bracelets * Three pairs of small earrings -LRB- One pair is silver , another is red , the last pair is black -RRB- * A silver ` Solo ' keychain * A red combNona comes with : * A pair gold sunglasses * A red cell phone * A gold make-up compact -LRB- No brush included -RRB- * Two identical red bracelets * Two pairs of earrings -LRB- The first is a pair of red hoop earrings , the second is a pair of long gold earrings -RRB- * A gold necklace * A lip keychain -LRB- For the doll -RRB- * A gold ` Star ' keychain * A red combThese twins are extremely pretty but I do have a few complaints :1 . Their hairstyles are the exact same as Oriana and Valentina 's .2 . They should have come with an extra piece of clothing . Not a complete outfit , just maybe a mini skirt for each twin or something .3 . Why do we need a ` good twin ' and a ` bad twin ' ? What 's wrong with them just having different personalities?Other than those few gripes I think these twins are great . They are fun to play with and a great buy .
 I have these twiins !! Nona really rules ! She is neat!Tess really rocks ! She is fabulous!Buy these twiins!Fun , Pretty , -LSB- All Bratz are pretty ! -RSB- . And cool!Thank you for taking your time to read my review
 I do not own these . I might want to get them though . The outfits they come in are O so cute . I really like these Twiins bratz doll and I own the newest twiins Orainna and Valentina which I love and give 5 stars . These like ALL bratz dolls are extremely oringal ! Bratz Rock & so does My Scene ! * ~ K3L7M5 ~ * BYE
 I like Bratz Twiins , and I love Tess and Nona.I like Nona very much.I love her clothes.I also like Tess.I think she is very COOL!I might include these COOL Bratz Twiins on my wish list.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 Tess and Nona are the 2nd edition Twiinz in the Bratz pack . They are gorgeous sisters that send the message that it 's okay to be different from your twin . You can be who you are and that 's okay.Tess and Nona come with extra earrings , cellphones , sunglasses and makeup . There 's also the Twiinz keychains they come with . That 's about it ; they really do n't come with much but they are great dolls and everyone should have them in their collection !
 look at the previous review and then the one below it ! It 's a copy !!!!!!!!! omg !!!! that person just ca n't write a review themself so they have to use someone elses dam review ! you know what ... . GET SOME IDEAS AND WRITE YOUR OWN REVIEW
 These dolls rock ! I love Nona . She 's really cool ! I also love Tess . She rocks ! If you put them together , they 're double cool !
 Here we have Nona and Tess , the second of MGA 's Bratz Twiins series . Nona is the `` star , '' always the center of attention , and Tess is `` solo , '' preferring to do her own thing . They are quite a lovely pair . The detailing on their clothes is amazing , particularly all the tiny stitches and pockets on Tess ' black jeans . It 's great to see a set of twins that are n't so much the overdone theme of `` good twin/bad twin . `` I do have two gripes with this set . First of all , where are the Bratzpack purses ? Until this point , one of the constants of the world of Bratz has been the unique Bratzpack purses that had been packaged with each doll . Phoebe and Roxxi , the first set of Twiins , had their own Bratzpacks . Whose idea was it to not include them with Nona and Tess?Second , can we get some new keychains for each new Twiins set that comes along ? Phoebe and Roxxi are the original Bratz `` good girl/bad girl '' twins , and their Sugar and Spice angel and devil keychains were perfect complements to their set . I was quite dismayed to see the same keychains -LRB- albeit in gold and silver -RRB- reused for Nona and Tess -LRB- and again in white and red for 3rd Edition Twiins Valentina and Oriana -RRB- . Does that mean that `` stars '' are `` good girls '' and those who choose to go solo are `` bad girls '' ? Despite my gripes , I 'm quite pleased with Twiins Nona and Tess . They are a lovely addition to the Bratzpack .
 My son loves this toy . I bought it for him when he was around 1 and he 's now almost 3 and still plays with the balls and the hoop . I have n't had any problems with the hoop -- as long as the tub wall is clean -LRB- and free of any Soft Scrub residue -RRB- and smooth , the suctions work well -- unless they have recently switched to weaker suction cups . However , I bought this toy at Wal-Mart or Baby Depot for $ 6 and have since seen it at both stores for around that price . $ 24.50 is WAY too much for this toy !!
 I bought this for my 1 year old , because she 's always climbing on her 3 year old sister 's trike , which is a little too big for her . Turns out the `` baby '' trike is also a hit with my 3 year old . It 's nice to know the trike is something both of them can play with for a long time . It 's a smooth ride that works really well indoors too , which is great for rainy days . My only complaint is the assembly was a bit more challenging than I would 've liked . Once it was assembled , though , it seems to be a nice quality trike . I 'd definitely recommend it .
 After being frustrated with other ride-ons that were too tall for little legs , I was thrilled that both of my 14-month-old twins could reach the ground with no problems . By the end of day one , they figured out how to scoot forward and one could ring the bell . Their tall 3.5-year-old brother could even ride it with the seat all the way down , so I have no doubt it 'll grow well with them.We found it easy enough to put together , and it looks like it should last for years . Much more nimble than those plastic ride-ons !
 Bought this toy for our daughter 's 2nd birthday . She loves it . It was easy to assemble . She fits great on the scoot about and has no problem riding it around .
 This is one of the cutest toys to see our little one race around on . He was 16 months old when he received it for Christmas . He is over 4 years old now and still loves riding it around the house .
 My son got this as a gift when he was 16 month old and abosolutely LOVES it . He is 21 months now and has ridden it literally every single day since he got it , and repeats the word bike , bike , BIKE ! when he is without it . He even rings the bell upon command . Great for teaching a tike how to steer a moving object , and also for teaching the general physics of motion that only come from experience . Do not hesitate to buy this trike .
 My daughter is about to turn 2 and we have had this `` bike '' for 10 months , and I think she may have clocked 5000 miles on it . She is fast on it and learned to balance her steering and foot-brake power - She can go really fast and has never tipped it over . Great product !
 This ride-on was easy to put together in just minutes . My grandson loves this toy , and I like the fact that the seat is adjustable so that he can use it for a long time .
 My son got this for his 1st birthday . He has really enjoyed it . Now he is almost 2 & 1/2 and he still cruises around on it -LRB- currently in the house because it 's winter -RRB- . He loves to get going and then put his feet up and glide . We have had no problems and it has held up very well !
 We bought this scoot-about a year ago for my son 's 2nd birthday and it was a hit from the start . We did n't think he would be able to pedal a tricycle and did n't want him to have to wait and grow into his birthday present , so we got this . While all his buddies ' tricylces were in storage waiting to be used , he was racing down the street in his `` bike '' . Today , he asked where the pedals are , so we 'll be getting him a real tricycle for his 3rd birthday . I wish we had bought it sooner since he outgrew it so fast , but our one-year gearing up to use it next .
 We got this for our Grandson when he was about 16 months , as a Christmas gift . He knew what it was for right off . He threw his leg over it and took off , although he was standing up . Now , he will be 2 in a couple of months and he goes everywhere on it . It 's good an sturdy and well built too . Even my 10 yr old Grandson rides it to the toy room when it 's time to put up the toys .
 I was n't sure if my little girl would be ready for this , since she was getting it for her 1st birthday and could n't quite walk yet , but she loves it . First we had to put her on it and she would just take off . She also likes to push her sister around on it backwards -LRB- and her sister is 4 1/2 and 40 lbs , so it is a sturdy toy -RRB- . After about a week she could lift her leg over and get on by herself , but she still can not steer it very well and often ends up stuck against a wall or something -LRB- although it is really easy to steer , she just does n't understand the concept yet -RRB- . The scoot about is attractive , small , sturdy and fun and I would definitely recommend it to anyone !
 I am unhappy that the toy is somewhat too small for my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter . I wish the seat could go up higher . She does ride it but ca n't do so for much longer .
 This toy is great for toddlers that are not ready for peddles yet . I would have given it 5 stars if it would have A lower seat adjustment it does adjust but my grandson is A little short for his age -LRB- 17 months -RRB- but he still plays on it he straddles it and walks around with it and loves to be pushed when u get him to sit on the seat and put his feet up on the front.I 'm sure as soon as he grows a little more he will enjoy it even more.We also have the little wagon and he loves pulling it around and hauling blocks , toys , and etc.We ca n't wait till he can peddle , Radio Flyer has so many nice ride on toys.I grew up with their toys also .
 I purchased this Classic Radio Flyer Scoot-About for my son -LRB- 18 month old -RRB- . He loves this bike !
 Great gift idea ! Purchased for my Godson 's 1st bday and he loves it !!! I know that my kids always loved the scoot about toys -LRB- we are still learning how to pedal -RRB- . I would highly recommend -LRB- and so would my 2 & 3 yr olds , who personally gave it their seal of approval -RRB- !
 very sturdy bike , easy to put togeather . possibly a great toy but so far our 16 month old has shown little interest in it .
 All young toddlers like to push off on this one ! My grandchildren love it and it is a great gift as well . You know that it will be used .
 The quality is pretty nice , wish less plastic was on it , though . Sturdy . Our son got it for his first birthday . So far , we have to push and hang onto him and let him try to push . He is a little short , but will grow into it.We are using it inside for now and it seems ok on our floors , too . Nice little scooter !
 I purchased this Radio Flyer Scoot About for my nearly 14-month-old daughter who is about 29 '' tall and around 25lbs . She is also into pushing things and climbing , so I thought it was time to introduce her to a ride on toy . We just received the trike today , so my review is for my initial thoughts and not yet long term use.Overall , this is a good purchase for us.The size is totally appropriate for my 29 '' tall daughter . She can reach the handle bars with ease and get on and off the trike -- she needed a little assistance in learning this skill , as this is her first ride on toy . We 've had a it for a few hours in the house and she has gotten on and off by herself a few times . When she is on the seat , her feet are flat on the ground and she is beginning to get the idea of `` pedaling '' or pulling/pushing to go forward -- not this Radio Flyer does not have pedals.The toy is plastic and metal . I wish the seat , at least , was wooden . Its cheesy looking , but no big deal . We did n't buy the little Radio Flyer that is all wood because many reviewers complained that it is too small and the seat is n't adjustable on that style . The seat on this Scoot About is adjustable . It is currently on the lowest setting for my daughter . The streamers on the handle bars are ribbon . There is a basic bell with a nice sound . I plan to purchase a small and lightweight basket for the front so my daughter can put things in it.I plan to take this toy outside - it looks like it can hold up to cement . I expect it should hold up to a toddler 's usage on sunny days.A trike like this has great developmental value . Physical therapists will tell you its good for toddlers to learn how to ride a trike or similar ride on toy.It took me about 40 minutes to assemble . All the parts came in the package , all the bolts fit where they needed to fit and it was rather easy to put together . I was n't able to tighten the bolts well , so I asked my husband to do it when he comes home . I just do n't work with tools often!The trike is small enough to fit in our Honda Accord , should we want to take it anywhere and it is also not an eye sore in our small home.The red caps which go in the center of the wheel are cheap and probably the biggest complaint I have so far . They do n't go on well and I do n't expect them to stay on long . Maybe I 'll try glue .
 This bike was a huge hit for us . Purchased for our son 's first birthday an he still tries to ride it at 4 ! All the kids want to ride it down the hills in our yard and driveway . I even backed into it with my car and we unbent one wheel and it 's still fine ! We wo n't be able to pass it on to little brother but may buy him his own ...
 I bought this Radio Flyer Scoot-About for my son when he was 18-months old after he moved to a more advanced class in his daycare and they had this in the outdoor play area . He loved being able to come home and continue riding in his own neighborhood . Now he is 27-months old and he STILL loves this scooter . He is can still fit -LRB- he 's 34 inches tall , weighs 28 pounds -RRB- , but I 'm searching for a bigger substitute because he ca n't get enough of a pedal-less scooter . He has four other different bikes to include a two wheel pedal-less bike , a regular tricycle , and a pickup truck Cozy Coupe but this Radio Flyer scooter is his favorite . Ca n't say enough good things about this bike and how it gets my little guy around with ease .
 Works great . Steering little limited but helps with holding stability . Easy to put together with basic screw driver and hammer .
 I bought this as a gift for my 20 month old grandson . The product went together easily and seems very durable . He absolutely loves this little scooter , it is just right for his age . I would recommend this for anyone with a toddler who is ready for a &#34; bike &#34; .
 All metal construction . High quality as expected from radio flyer . My grandson loved it and was perfect size for those kids who arent quite ready for their first tricycle yet . All the parts were included . The instructions were very easy to read . Assembly was quick and easy .
 We wanted to buy a tricycle for our first grandson . Our daughter-in-law recommended this particular product and , after reading various reviews , my wife and I decided to buy it . I am not the handiest of people ... some have said I was born with ten thumbs ... so when I opened the package , my heart sank as I looked at the many different parts that needed to put put together to make this scoot-about scoot-about . However , I was surprised to find that this was no challenge to me ... in other words , if I can put it together , anyone can.But nothing prepared us for the joy it brought to our children and our grandson . It was the highlight of the opening presents bit on Christmas day . This size is absolutely perfect for his age and it is so well balanced that even though he is not perfectly steady on his feet , he could scoot-about all over the place without tripping or tipping.The only downside is the bell ... that is not made to last . But I am sure it can be replaced by another bell made for bicycles.Go ahead ... get it for your grandchild or your own child ... you wo n't be sorry .
 I could n't decide between the wooden version of the scoot trike or the metal so I purchased both and can compare the two.The wooden version is very retro and cute , but metal version is a bit larger . My son is tall and will be able to use it longer so that is the one that we are going to keep.Seat
 I purchased this for my daughter 's first birthday . It was easy to assemble , and she was so excited the second she saw it . Seems very stable under her - she has n't turned it over yet . I also like the fact that it 's light for me to carry , it does n't mark the furniture or walls , and with the seat height adjustment , I think we will get a couple years ' use out of it .
 I gave this to Serenity -LRB- almost 14 months -RRB- for a Christmas present and she immediately LOVED it ! It took her all of 30 minutes to figure out how to get on and off the bike and about a hour to learn how to go forward and NOT just backwards . Her steering is n't quite was she wants it to be , but she 's learning ! She rides around saying , `` vroom vroom '' - she 's too cute ! It 's a great learning tool for that beautiful Radio Flyer Classic Red Tricycle I get her someday soon!I did n't have any problems at all putting it together like some of the reviewers did . I did it by myself -LRB- without my husband 's help -RRB- and in about 30 minutes.It 's very light and fits in my trunk so I can take it anywhere easily - which is good because Serenity loves it so much . She has n't tipped it yet , so I would say that it 's sturdy . My friend 's older kids -LRB- 6 & 9 -RRB- think it 's really cool and they want to ride it too ! People have already asked me where I found it!I would recommend the Scoot-About as a wonderful 1st birthday or Christmas present !
 After my son 's favorite little ride-on finally gave out after 30 + years of use -LRB- it was mine as a child ! -RRB- , we searched high and low for one similar to it . Right before Christmas , my parents came across this one online and ordered it . It 's built very well , extremely sturdy , and does not tip easily . We use it inside the house and outside . The adjustable seat is a GREAT feature . My son is 2 and he absolutely LOVES this bike !! BUY IT !! You wo n't be disappointed !!!
 I have no complaints about this `` trike '' . It seems durable and sturdy and went together well . My son 's interested in it and loves to ring the bell . For all that , I give 5 stars.However , it might be helpful for some parents to hear that my son is around 30 '' and is really too short to ride this . He is small for his age ... measured 29.5 a couple of weeks before we gave it to him . It 's been another month and I think he 's grown , and still ca n't really reach the floor if he 's on the seat . On the other hand , I do n't know that there are any similar options for shorter kids , so no regrets about buying this one , just thought that might be helpful info for some parents .
 My 15 month old is still getting the hang of going forward but he loves to push it , pull it , go backwards , ring the bell and sit on it and just say `` vroom vroom . '' We get lots of compliments on it from other parents .
 We are a biking family and have had a variety of ride-on toys for the tots . This one has been my three boy 's favorite by far . Each of them would tear around on it like mad-men , and it lasted through all three -LRB- which I ca n't say for the other ride-ons -RRB- . I am a physical therapist and firmly believe in the neurologic benefits of reciprocal motion -LRB- helps integrate the two halves of the brain , pretty important -RRB- . All of my boys were riding a two wheeler no training wheels by age three , do n't know if this toy specifically helped , but it certainly made them excited to ride!P.S . NEVER do the tricycle with a push-stick , it teaches your kids that a bike is a stroller and to be a passenger rather than a rider
 My 2-year-old loves his new scooter . We tried tricycles and other scooting bikes , but this one is the only one I found that balances itself and fits him -LRB- he 's on the smaller size -RRB- . He uses it to scoot all over the house!The bell takes a little learning to figure out how it works , which is nice because it took him about a week to start `` dinging '' and even now he 's much more thrilled with gliding than making noise !
 My son had a Playskool Tyke Bike when he was two , and he loved it -- SO , I had to find something similar for my 16 month old granddaughter - and VIOLA - I found the Radio Flyer Scoot About . It 's very stable , and the seat can be raised as she grows . She 's learning to steer the bike , and even at her age , she can make it fly when we go to the park . It 's hard to find ride-on toys that can be steered , so I believe this is the perfect toy to teach riding skills in preparation for riding a bike .
 I bought this for my Grandson for his birthday , He loved it so much I just purchased this one for my Granddaughter . They love them , they are too little to peddle but can keep up with their older sister and brother and cousin with this scoot about .
 My son is just over 2 and a half years old and has almost outgrown this `` lil-bad-boy-rocket '' of a bike . Be warned , on open pavement such as a public park or the strand boardwalk at the beach , these scooters can fly . You may want to put on skates , just to keep up . So , get a helmet too -LRB- for both of you . -RRB- Thomas the train engine helmets worked fine for us . My family is so pleased with this item , and brand , that I will consider Radio Flyer first for his upcoming `` razor '' type scooter .
 We keep this scooter inside since we have other Radio Flyer items outside and my twin boys love to climb on it and ride it around in their play area . As always with Radio Flyer , it 's durable and worth every penny .
 This bike was a fantastic surprise for both me and my son , who is 23 months old . He was excited as soon as I showed him the box , and he sat with me as I put it together . Ten minutes later he was scooting across the floor laughing and cheering.I am impressed with the quality for the price . Some of the reviews warn against lower quality , and I may have gotten lucky , but the alignment and parts were perfect and made assembly a snap . My son has covered miles of ground and bumped into walls and curbs with no visible wear and tear on the bike.We bought a tricycle when it went on sale and are storing it for next Spring , but its regular price was over twice the cost of this scooter and the quality is about half as nice . You can buy this with confidence .
 My one year old boy really likes this toy . It was initially a little tall for him , and he walked next to it and pushed it . He got the hang of riding it fairly quickly . We also have the Radio Flyer Retro Scoot-a-Bout , that is made of wood . That is a little smaller , and fits my 12-month old son a little better at this time . I really think the adjustable seat on this toy is the best feature . I think the toy is very sturdy and well-made . I did n't have any trouble putting it together , either . We like this toy a lot .
 I bought this for my 20-month-old daughter as a pre-requisite to a tricycle . She LOVES it ! It took her a little while to get used to the right motions to `` scoot about '' but once she did , she has enjoyed it more and more.What I like about it :1 . The adjustable seat allows the right comfort level for my daughter who is petite .2 . It 's easy to assemble ; it took me 15 minutes to assemble this -- all by myself . And that includes going to get the necessary tools .3 . It 's durable ; my daughter has ridden this lots and lots , and it requires little re-adjusting .4 . It teaches children coordination and focus .5 . It 's great fun for my daughter!What I do n't like
 We bought the Radio Flyer Scooter for our one year old for her birthday . She was riding it before we could wrap it . This was perfect , because she was then able to show off the scooter at her party . By the third day , she was ringing the bell all by herself . The steering is a little difficult for her right now , but in a couple of months , we predict this to be her favorite toy .
 My kid is a physical one . He got this as a present at his first birthday . It was by far his favorite gift and has played with it nearly daily for almost a year -LRB- has been great inside the house and out -RRB- . He recently has taken to standing on it , which of course we try to stop . Still , he has never toppled over on it even with all of his 28 pounds on the bar between the front wheels . He has also balanced himself precariously on the center bar while holding the handle bars or a piece of furniture and has stood on the seat like Curious George . The one and only time he toppled it over was as he drove it off the steep side of our patio that is about 6 or 8 inches tall . Luckily it was into the grass and he was only scared , not hurt . I 'm amazed by how well balanced this bike is .
 This is by far the best toy I ever bought for my twins . I bought it when they were about 1 1/2 ... they are almost 4 and still ride this bike every day ! I 've kept it inside ; we have a lot of space and hardwood floors , and this bike flies ! They take turns speeding around the house , and have even ridden it together many times . This bike is tough , very-well made , smooth , and very fun ! After 2 1/2 years of constant use , it 's still like brand new . If I had it to do over , I would 've bought two ! I highly recommend this toy .
 The Radio Flyer Scoot About was a great hit for my grandson 's first birthday . He climbed right on and seemed to know how to get it going . He is not walking yet , so he really likes being able to scoot around . His three year old cousin enjoyed it , too ! It assembled easily -LRB- in the car on the drive to his party ! -RRB- and the rubber on the tires make it very `` furniture friendly . '' It is also very solid and true to Radio Flyer quality standards . I ca n't wait for the snow to melt so he can try it outside . I would highly recommend this scooter .
 Bought the Radio Flyer Scoot-About for my 1 year old grandson . Assembly was simple , and the quality of the parts was excellent . It 's exactly as pictured , and is an excellent first `` cycle '' for a young boy . Sturdy , but not too heavy ; stable , adjustable and sharp-looking !
 My Grandson loves this scooter . He is on the tall side for 2 1/2 and this scooter is still a good size for him . The steering mechanism works well so staying on a curved sidewalk is no problem . It is sturdy but still light weight . The ONLY problem -LRB- and thank goodness -RRB- the wheel base is too wide to go down a Little Tykes slide . Yes my little dare devil thought that would be big fun !
 This scoot about trike as awesome IF you get a good one . We bought one for our son for christmas and the steering was so hard , esentially impossible to turn . Our poor son had to stop everytime he needed to make a turn , lift the front up and then go . He also kept hitting the back wheels with his feet . What a sad sight that was . We thought it was just a bad toy , then decided to call Radio Flyer . After some persvasion that we are not crazy that it really is impossible to turn easily , they sent us a box and a return label , then a new trike that is great . Our son scoots about so fast now , suddenly does n't hit the back wheels with his heels anymore and overall , he just LOVES it . We love the adjustable seat feature also . Our son is small , only 31.5 inches and he does just fine on this trike with the seat down . Radio Flyer should do something about their quality control though . First we got a defective one , the next one came with no instructions . We had instructions from the first one , so no big deal , but come on . What a wonderful company , I do n't excuse that they let stuff like this out . I am disappointed in the company , but love their products and will be buying more despite :-RRB- .
 My 2 year old grandson ripped this bike from under the Christmas tree on Christmas morning and has yet to get off ! He scoots around the house , park , and anywhere else we go ! Easy to put together and a very smooth ride . He LOVES this bike !
 Bought this for my 22 month old boy . He figured it out right away and fits perfectly on it .
 My 20 month old son loves this toy ! He can stay with the big boys now ! He wants to ride it all the time . Easy to assemble . So far no problems with it .
 My 2yr old Loves his scoot about . It has fast become his favorite toy . As he pushes along his feet have never accidentally come into contact with any part of this toy . the steering is limited as to how far it can be turned left and right . Preventing oversteering and the resulting injury that is possible with most bikes . GREAT PRODUCT , GREAT VALUE , SAFE AND LOTS OF FUN FOR YOUR LITTLE ONE !!
 My two older kids love -LRB- d -RRB- this product . They had so much fun zooming around our house on this . Thinking we were done with kids , I let them zoom around outside and wow , they can get going really fast and get a good work out . Fun to watch them . I 'm not sure if I can clean up the wheels well enough to let our 3rd zoom around the house . Pretty durable for the price . So glad they had this . They both can ride bikes with out training wheels due to starting on this and then on a balance bike .
 We bought one of these for my twin boys to share when they turned one . The twins are now 3 1/2 and have added a little brother , who is almost 2 . we did add a second scoot about , because it has been their go-to ride from the beginning . One of my boys gets on it and almost lays himself down flat and can really zoom around . It almost looks like he is on his belly surfing . They do n't care that they are too big , they both still prefer their scoots to their bicycles . I would HIGNLY recommend this product to anyone with children under 3 . We have LOVED ours !!
 I purchased this item for my grandson 's first birthday . There was some damage to the footrest -LRB- a deep gouge -RRB- so I went to Radio Flyer 's web site and filled out the easy form for replacement request . I was sent the part FAST and at no charge.My grandson was a PRO at this scooter as he easily got on and off of it and was able to move across the floor even at one years of age . The bell has a `` flick '' type motion activation and he quickly knew how to use it to make the sound . I think it would have been a different story if it were the old geared bell we all had when we were kids.Overall this is a quality product from a company who takes great care of their customers and must have an awesome group or designers and engineers . I highly recommend this toy for your little one and am very satisfied with our choice .
 We bought this for my son when he had just turned 1 . He loved it and started playing with it right away . We have the seat at the lowest setting and he was able to get on and off easily . He loves the bell and figured out how to ring it himself very quickly . The bike is very stable and does n't tip over when he 's climbing on and off . It is very sturdy . I was very pleased to see that the streamers are real ribbons rather than plastic which could stretch and break . We 've had it for about two months and see no signs of wear and have nothing but good things to say about it .
 Bought this for my son who is `` furniture walking '' . Other ride on toys are designed with seats too wide , he can not get good traction to push himself along . With this toy he is able to have his legs in a more natural position for walking / pushing . This toy also has a nice , wide base so it does not tip over . The rear wheels are in a positon that rarely catches his feet as he pushes . Other toys constantly roll over his feet as he tries to move forward.Construction is very solid and will probably last a generation . The only disappointment is the bell , it would have been nice to have the traditional spring loaded ringing bell instead of the design they went with .
 This a great toy for children to ride inside or outside the house . We now have bought 3 of these radio flyer bikes for all the grandchildren .
 I was a little skeptical about this when I bought it , since a number of reviews complained of the fitting of the parts together during assembly . I had no problem and it went together quickly and fit easily ... I am guessing you need to have at least fundamental mechanical ability . Sturdy and well built and great for the just learning to walk toddler !
 Both my 1 year old and 2 year old love this scooter and even my 5 your old enjoys borrowing it from her brothers to race around the house . Simple and wonderful kids toy .
 My year old granddaughter hopped right on , put her `` cell phone '' in the basket , and off she went . Her older brother had the same scooter when he was little and he also loved it .
 We bought this for our daughters 1st birthday . She was just beginning to walk on her own , and it actually served as a `` walker '' for her at first , because both her feet could touch the ground as she held onto the handle bars . She loved it ! She was able to get around independently . She learned to ding the bell quickly and now loves scooting around riding her bike ! We love that she can ride this easily on her own -LRB- we do n't have to stoop over to push her -RRB- and that she can -LRB- once she gets the hang of it -RRB- steer the bike , since many scoot-type toys have front wheels that are non-steering .
 I bought this for my 17 month old grand daughter she loves it . Perfect size and there are no pedals to get in the way . Great toy for little ones to learn coordination -- moving forward , backward and turning .
 His dad said when he got to this present he quit opening presents completely . Sent a cute helmet with blue pigs on it for safety 's sake
 Our grandson loves this little scoot-about . It is very good quality and the design will prevent tipping over . Easy for my husband to assemble .
 This is a cute , solid well built toy . I purchased this for my son 's first birthday - and he loves it ! I think we will get a few years of use out of this , which I like to consider when buying a new toy . Great quality , low price and easy to assemble . Adjustable seat means he wo n't grow out of it in 3 months ! Would highly recommend !
 My grandson loves it . Very stable ... wo n't tip over . He 's bnot quite ready to peddle yet , so this works perfectly for him .
 My now 18 month old grandson flies around the house forward and backward . He mastered steering and pushing with his feet on day one at 17 months and way prefers it to a trike with pedals at this point in his locomotive skills!My husband put it together in about 20 easy minutes . There are so many pieces and parts I would have been overwhelmed at attempting it .
 We first bought the Radio Flyer classic tricycle ... and then realized our daughter is n't tall enough for the pedals yet . So we purchased the scoot-about , and it 's GREAT ! We love the classic Radio Flyer details , and it 's very durable . The ability to adjust the seat height is great , because it means our tall toddler -LRB- 20 mos -RRB- has been able to use it for several months and still has plenty of time left . She loves to scoot along , and to coast on the driveway and rest her feet on that front bar.All in all , very pleased with the purchase !
 We bought this toy for my sons first birthday . He loved it at first sight . We sat him on it and he started pushing it around with his feet . The seat is a little to far back from the handle bars for him so he tends to stand and walk/steer with it rather than sit and scoot . My son is in the 90 th percentile for his height , so FYI , this toy may not be appropriate for under a year and a half . The quality is excellent and I would definitely recommend this toy to anyone !!!
 I guess I did n't read the reviews carefully enough . We bought this for my son when he was 2 yo -LRB- around 35 '' -RRB- and he was way too tall for it . It 's built nicely and he really liked it but even with the seat at its highest setting he kept running into the wheels because his legs were too long . My son is average for his age group -LRB- around 50th percentile for height -RRB- . Even though the age for this tricycle says 1-3 , I 'd say it 's definitely more something for the around 1 age group . Like another reviewer said , it 'd make a great first birthday present .
 This is such a cute little tricycle . My 2yr old seems to enjoy it . I like that it has an adjustable seat , and it was pretty easy to put together . He has short legs , so he should be able to use it for awhile . If your child has long legs , his/her heels may hit the back wheels while scooting around .
 Very sturdy , durable toy ; should last many years with many kids playing on it . Appropriate for ages 1 and up.Purchased this at Amazon.com - it was the least expensive of all the stores & websites we checked .
 I researched many ride-on toys for my 15 month old before deciding to purchase this one . I wanted to get something that would be small enough for her to use now , but something she could continue to use as she got bigger . I wanted something durable that would last hopefully for several years , and I did n't want something outrageously expensive.My favorite thing about this is the adjustable seat - at the lowest setting it 's perfect for her right now as she 's still learning the mechanics of how to make it go . As her legs grow and she gets better at maneuvering the scooter the seat can be raised so she can continue riding.Another feature I love is the wide wheel base in the front which makes it pretty difficult for a wobbly toddler to tip it over , and when she holds onto the handlebars to get on and off the scooter it stays nice and steady for her.While this may be more expensive than other cheap plastic ride-on toys I think it is worth the investment for a toy that will grow with your child , and Radio Flyer is a reliable , trust-worthy brand name so we anticipate being able to hand this toy down to the next generation .
 We bought this toy after our son was attempting to `` ride '' a tricylce to keep up with his older sister . After having seen another friend 's son speed along on the Scoot-About , we knew we had found the type of `` bike '' we needed for a 23 mth old . It 's fairly easy to put together , and surprisingly compact -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . I love the adjustable seat because he will definitely get a lot more time into riding this Scoot-About . It 's a fun little thing ; even our 5 year old climbs on and takes it for spins around the house -LRB- yes , this is a great indoor toy ! -RRB- . Radio Flyer always makes such great products , and we 're definitely content with this one . If you 're thinking about it , buy it!UPDATE
 This is a great `` bike '' for a tike who is n't quite ready to reach pedals -- they can keep up with older siblings while being safe and getting exercise . HIGHLY RECOMMEND for kids 18-32 months !
 We bought this trike bike for our 18 month old son for Christmas . However , we could not wait until Christmas to give it to him . He loves it . The bike is well made and will last for many years . It 's small enough that he can ride in the house and yet built to withstand the outdoors as well . This is well worth the money . Great product !!!
 I gave this to my godchild Serenity -LRB- almost 14 months -RRB- for a Christmas present and she immediately LOVED it ! It took her all of 30 minutes to figure out how to on and off the bike and about a hour to learn how to go forward and NOT just backwards . Her steering is n't quite was she wants it to be , but she 's learning ! She rides around saying , `` vroom vroom '' - she 's too cute ! It 's a great learning tool for that beautiful Radio Flyer Classic Red Tricycle I get her someday soon!I did n't have any problems at all putting it together like some of the reviewers did . I did it by myself -LRB- without my husband 's help -RRB- and in about 30 minutes.It 's very light and fits in my trunk so I can take it anywhere easily - which is good because Serenity loves it so much . She has n't tipped it yet , so I would say that it 's sturdy . My friend 's older kids -LRB- 6 & 9 -RRB- think it 's really cool and they want to ride it too ! People have already asked me where I found it!I would recommend the Scoot-About as a wonderful 1st birthday or Christmas present !
 Our twins got these for Christmas from grandma . They love them ! They are easy to ride and stear around . The bell is a little hard for them to work because you have to flick it with your thumb to get it to ding but they keep trying . These bikes are very sturdy and durable . One of the bikes came without the hardware . My mother-in-law called the company Monday before Christmas and they sent the parts ASAP arrived 3 days later just in time for the big day ! Highly recommend for kids that are already walking and can get on/off things on their own .
 I purchased this toy for my grandson he is 1 year old . He has not completely gotten the concept of how to move it but he still plays with it . He pushes it about the house most of the time . The good thing about this toy is that the seat is adjustable . He was a premee so he is a bit smaller that most . The seat on the lowest level is perfect for him to get on and off . The toy is well made it feels very solid . I think this is a toy that will be handed down to future cousins .
 It took about 15 minutes to put together ... really good instructions . It works great and looks very cute . I know it will get a lot of mileage and will last at least a couple more toddlers .
 This was the best gift I could have purchased for my 12 month old . She loves it ! It 's sturdy , safe , and so cute ! We love it !
 Great little `` Scooter '' . Assembly rather time consuming though . My 2 year old loves it ! It gets rather fast , especially downhill so that he has to wear a helmet to ride on it .
 Got this for our son last Christmas when he was 19 months old , he is now 2 1/2 and sometimes still prefers it over his Radio flyer trike . This bike has held up extremely well to our rough and tuble little boy . The bike is perfect for toddlers before they understand how to pedal . Just make sure they are wearing good shoes because they can run over their feetwith the back wheels if they drag them behind them . Waiting for our little girl to get big enough to pass it on to her .
 I bought this for my godson 's 1st birthday . His dad mentioned that it did require 4 tools to put together and from context clues I gathered that it was n't very easy for him to assemble . But now that it 's together the little guy really likes it and enjoys the mobility it offers . I found the steering to be a bit stiff , which together with the 1 year old not having a strong concept about how to steer , led to him running into walls fairly often but I 'm optimistic that the steering will loosen up with use and the user will figure out how to turn corners soon . Overall , it was a hit .
 I recently bought this for my 13 month old . He is only just walking with a walker . I ca n't believe how quickly he has picked this up , he absolutely loves it and is doing so well with it.The materials are durable , it was easy to put together -LRB- you need a hammer , spanner and Phillip 's Head screwdriver , be warned , I was n't -RRB- . I put it together in under half an hour.I think that this a really good buy for the price , and he 'll have it for a while yet , the seat is adjustable , and he will learn to really pick up speed on it eventually . His little face lights up on it , it 's great .
 This was the big hit at my lil one 's first birthday !! He took off on it first thing and everyone was pretty shocked !! If you got a little one that has really good gross motor skill , this is a must have !! Mine is n't quite long enough to fit on the seat and the middle part does n't bother him with his bulky diaper ! I know he 'll grow into it , so no biggy ! Thank You Auntie Elizabeth !
 I bought this to have at my house when my 18 month old granddaughter came to visit . It took her just a few minutes to learn to sit on the seat and ride and not stand and walk it . She was off and riding ! She loved it . Now I have to purchase one for her to have at her house .
 This little scooter provides the type of rugged battery free fun that generations of children have enjoyed from Radio Flyer toys . It made me as happy to give as my little grandson was to receive .
 We purchased this scoot-about for our daughter when she was about 18 months old . She is now almost 3 and a half and she still rides on this just about every chance she gets . She had great mastery of it early on and is able to zip around with ease . The wide set wheels provide great stability . It has also sat outside for the past two years and has weathered considerably well . The only issue we had was that the little bell that comes with it was broken upon arrival . She never missed the bell , though , so it was a minor point .
 My son got this for his first birthday . It was the perfect size until about age two when he got a balance bike . Now at age 3 he 's getting a real bike with pedals and no training wheels . This bike is the perfect first step ! By 18 months he was riding it all around the neighborhood on our walks . Now my 13month old daughter rides it . It has held up nicely and is in great shape after 2 years and 2 kids !
 We purchased this toy for our son when he was 18 months old . He is now 4 1/2 and his sister is 3 . While he is really too tall for it now , he still loves to ride it and so does she . We have used it mainly as an inside toy and they can fly around the kitchen and TV room without tipping over . It has been one of the best toy investments we have made . It has been such a hit that my mom just bought one for my brother 's child .
 My daughter got this bike when she was 18 months old . At first she was n't sure how to ride it and could only go backwards , but she quickly got the hang of it . All summer it was her outside toy of choice . Even when she was three and we had since acquired a larger bike for her , she stuck with her Scoot-About . This bike has been great fun for our daughter and it has survived many rides along our driveway , spills , chills in the cold , rainstorms , and general handling by a toddler . It is very sturdy and hard to flip over -LRB- though you can if you try hard enough -RRB- . My daughter is now three and a half and though we try to coax her into letting her now 18 month old brother inherit the bike , she would still rather ride the Scoot-About than the larger Radio Flyer bike she now has -LRB- and the 18 month old would rather the larger bike ! -RRB- .
 We 've had this little scoot-about for a year , and my almost 2-year-old is now a pro at scooting himself about . When he gets going fast , he 'll pick his little feet up and put them on the surface between the two front wheels to `` coast . '' He knows when the sidewalk is uneven , he has to stand up a little and lift the bike up to get it to go over the uneven surface . I think it 's given him a lot of confidence , and is , hopefully , good practice for a bike with pedals later . It certainly is easy for small children to get on and off ; the other kids at the playground always want to ride it . This said , the steering is VERY limited , and the hard wheels are n't good for anything but smooth surfaces . It 's really a toy for small tots , and wo n't substitute for a tricycle , but we got a great deal on it at the pre-Christmas sale last year . It was totally worth the price for us .
 I bought this so the youngest Grandson -LRB- 2 Yrs -RRB- could ride to the Post Office with his 4 yr old brother . He loves it . Now we all get our exercise . It was easy to assemble and is sturdy . I like that the seat height can be adjusted . The 4 yr old likes to ride it too , although he wo n't fit much longer . My only complaint is that the bell only gives one ding - not the old bicycle bell , ring , ring . However it is loud and he loves to ring it . I would definitely recommend this .
 Got this for my daughter 's 2nd bday and she loved it then . Still loves it now , even though she 's four and almost looks silly on it . But it 's held up wonderfully ... great Radio Flyer durability . The bell is a cute touch that kids love and it 's not too obnoxious.As a bonus , when my daughter outgrows this , I will be using it as a cute photography prop for my side business . I have borrowed it a few times already and it really helps kids in that challenging age bracket stay focused .
 Our son is almost two - although he also got a tricycle for Christmas , we knew he would not be quite ready for it . The Scoot-about fits him perfectly and he loves it . It will alleviate unneccesary injuries brought about on a trike that he is just not big enough to handle yet.Easy assembly for dad too !
 Fun was marked 4 because my grandson just turned 2 and can not quite grasp how to get his feet/legs to move the bike . Educational . . same reason as the first . However he knows it is red . He loves making the bell work . Very sturdy . Very well made . Overall a 4 again only because he has n't used it that much by himself . He does however love to be pushed.Great buy !
 I received the flyer scooter in excellent condition , '' '' `` my baby believes tha he is the best driver in the word '' '' '' , he enjoys it so much ...
 I bought this for my 17 month old grandson . He loves the bell but has n't mastered the concept of riding on the seat yet . He sits on the bar and holds the middle of the handle bars . I 'm sure he 'll figure it out real soon . He loves being pushed on it and pushing it .
 I assembled this for our son and found it to be moderate - not super easy but not too hard . I am disappointed that everytime this comes out , my son is still trying to determine what to do with his feet . And I can never quite be sure where to put the seat . He got it for his 1 yr . birthday and now he is 19m . He is far from dumb , but this toy is just not sinking in ! But he enjoys walking it , ringing the bell , and vrooming !
 This is nice 1:55 size vehicle representing Shooting Star from the classic Japanamation cartoon series , which comes with a heavy little figure of racer X as well . Not sure what scale Racer X is , he 's not the same scale as the car as if he was he would fit inside it . The figure is made of very durable stuff , I think it 's metal coated in plastic . It 's very well detailed with muscles and even a visible underwear line . Legs are attached to a flat bit of metal making it even harder to topple over.The vehicle is n't as well made as the figure , it has a plastic undercarriage attached to the metal chassis . Wheels are pretty cheaply made . It 's more for display than for a child to play with especially , if there going to race it like occurred in the cartoons against the Mach 5 and other vehicles.You can get Speed Racer in the same release as this with a figure and the Mach 5 . It 's also the same size asJada 's Mach 5which is a very good and more durable version , assuming the Mach 5 with figure is the same quality as this one.If you 're unfamiliar with the scale of 1:55 . Compared to mass produced Hot Wheels , Matchbox , Johnny Lightning and vehicles like this which are all 1:64 , this is only slightly larger . In fact unless you display 1:55 vehicles side by side with the 1:64 ones , you 'd never really know the difference .
 Make sure you remove plastic from bottom so register can open and close . Adorable toy I am glad I bought it for my baby 's Birthday !! She will love it !!!
 This is another great game by Rio Grande . Pieces are durable and come in nice compartments.The premise of the game is you are developing a hacienda -- acquiring land , water , farm animals and money.Object of the game is get points through one of several ways
 I know you wish Sasha was around more , but , your wrong , Sasha is indead in this collection , she 's just not going to be out yet probably till next year , same with Dana . Oh , and more awsome news , there is a new girl , not in this collection , she 's in the Sweet Heartz collection , her name is Lilee , she has blonde hair and blue eyes , she 's very pretty , this might mean Cloe wo n't be around much , but she still should be here , not all the tiem , but she still should be around you know . Go to my profile to see her . Anyways , this doll is beautiful , my order is Cloe , Jade , Meygan and Yamsim , and I ca n't wait to see Dana and Sasha too . Bratz rock .
 Her t-shirt is sooo cuite and pink andgold and at the end it is tight and that part is gold.The rest is all pink.And her bottom part is blue and gold , it is long.Her shoes are pink and gold , but the gold is a out line and the rest is pink.Ok her extra out fit is blue , pink , grey , gold . Her boots are grey with a black out line.And her pants are blue with light blue on it . And her top is blue , pink and gold . And last but not least is her acceries they are mainly gold and hardly any pink and she has a neckalice , bracelite , earings , and a head top thingy . Well i love her hairis long and at the end is curly , and her eyes are green.This doll out of all of the genie magic is the best -LSB- MY OWN OPINION -RSB- aND hI lAUREN !
 I only have one meygan , the Funk n Glow one , to be exact.Well One night my dad and i went to target , and i saw her * gasp * ! she was soo pretty and cute . She looked nothing like my old meygan . This meygan has soft-orange-colored hair , beautiful ! and her eyes and lipstick color match her outfit . . -LRB- also beautiful ! -RRB- and her hair is n't light like my old meygan.So i bought her last month , and i took her to my friends house , and when i brought her back home in my bratz case , * gasp again * , her hair was a wreck ! i was so disapointed . Her hair got all fuzzy and messy . But then i thought of a way to fix it!All you have to do it part her hair as if you were going to put 2 ponytails in , then braid . After an hour or so , Take out the braids , * lightly * brush her hair and wallah ! back to normal!I LOVE MEYGAN !!! BEST MEYGAN I EVER GOT!P.s . i was wondering if meygan was in the movie . I think she 's in the movie , but not a main charater . If she 's not , im super happy they made her anyways ! : -RRB-
 Hi !!! If you would like to see Sasha , go to ebay.She was nice.I liked her clothes.I think Dana is in this collection too.I ca n`t wait to see her.She looks like the best one in the Genie Magic collection.I soooooo ca n`t wait for the movie , and I hope the animation is like the Rock Angelz movie.I think it is.By the way , I like Meygan.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 I love this bratz . This meygan is so pretty . I 'm getting meygan or the Jade . I like the cloe , but my sister is getting her . No offense , but in my opinion , these bratz compared to the ooh la la are sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better . That 's my opinion , so u can disagree . I rate this doll 5 stars , in fact , I rate all the bratz genie magic 5 stars , -LRB- except for the yasmin maybe , I 'd rate her 4 stars -RRB- THESE BRATZ ARE THE BEST !
 Hi!Ruby here.Meygan is looking better each time.Meygan includes two outfits that are genie inspired.This doll is very unique and different.If you want a cool doll get Meygan.You wo n't be sorry!Love , RubyPs-support my by putting `` I support Ruby at the bottom of your review.Bratz RuleMy Scene Are Knockoffs !!!!!!!!!!!
 I do n't own her - but I love her !!! WHAT IS IT MOST GIRLS LOVE ABOUT MEYGAN ? * maybe it 's her dreamy , mystical eyes -LRB- to a BOY ! -RRB- * or her long , soft,golden-red hair * or maybe it 's her exotic , simple skirt and top * her bihndi and jewlery that ties her look together * or the other outfit that you can mix and match that comes with itAlot of reviews sent in say they do n't like this on one doll , or think myscene is better , or you can mix n ' match myscene outfits with bratz , or that this is this , or this is that - YOU CAN BELIEVE WHAT YOU WANT - BUT NO ONE DIS-LIKES MEYGAN!I 've seen many reviews on here . And even though Cloe an Yasmin were the first Bratz , I would n't say Cloe 's the favorite ! -LRB- and maybe she 's a fake blond ... :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- -RRB- Just joking-there 's NOTHING wrong with blondes !!! - Courtney Smith : total Bratz loverPS : I USED TO HAVE MYSCENE - BUT PERSONALY , I DO N'T LIKE THEM-AND FOR THE RECORD-THEIR CLOTHES DO N'T FIT AT ALL ! -LRB- A TIP FOR DOLL HUNTERS :-RRB- -RRB- PPS : I LOVE BRATZ - BUT MY PARENTAL CONTROLS WO N'T LET ME JOIN THE FAN CLUB ! CRAP :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB- PPPS : CHECK OUT PHEOBE BIRTHDAY BASH DOLL ON HERE -LRB- Toys r us . com -RRB- AND YOU 'LL FIND MY REVIEW WHEN YOU SCROLL DOWN ! SOME ONE WAS RIGHT - THERE SHOULD BE A TREATY BETWEEN BRATZ AND MYSCENE !
 I got this Meygan yesturday but instead of another outfit it came with a vanity set . Shes BEAUTIFUL !!! The prettiest Genie Magic ! Reccomended !
 I think Meygan is so nice.But Cloe is the best one in thiscolletion.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 HEY !!! i noticed that the Bratz will have a new movie from this colletion.It looks sooooooooooo cool.And I hope it will be computer graphics , just as Rock Angelz.EXCITING RIGHT?SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 yay i cant wait for these new bratz to be out in stores !!! i found out about these cool new bratz stuff at http://www.bratzmania.tk thats the best website ever !!!! love Kristy < 3
 I 'm telling you , even though she 's very different compared to the prototype featured on the Genie Magic poster , it ca n't be that hard to take some craft supplies and change her up!Here 's a way to make her look like -LSB- ... -RSB- $ ! gold threadtonz of colorful , exotic beadssissors and the basicsYOUR IMAGINATION!you could make her loOk like the prototype with the beaded belt , dazzling bhindi , and more!Don ' t forget the trim on her skirt!OF COURSE , MEYGAN LOOKS TOTALY BEATIFUL ALREADY!I 'm ready to make my Meygan look like the prototype - so what about you?Expand your collection with this awsome Meygan toy!I LOVE HER ! - Courtney Smith
 The Meygan doll looks very beautiful with her red hair and colorful outfit . I feel the Bratz genie magic dolls are so unique and have much flair . I love the whole gypsy theme : -RRB-
 You siad that Dana is in the Genie Magic collection , but when I went to ebay , I figured out that it was Katia.She comes with a magical bottle.I do n`t remember what the bottle can do , but it can do something in the night.By the way Katia is going to be on my wish list.Meygan is going to be on my wish list too.I loved Jade very much , but I have a Jade doll , so I do n`t need more.Here is my wish list :1 . Bratz Twiins-Tess & Nona2.Bratz Twiins-Oriana & Valentina3.Bratz Rock Angelz-Cloe4 . Bratz Rock Angelz-Sasha5 . Bratz Rock Angelz-Yasmin6 . Bratz Rock Angelz-Roxxi doll with concert stage7.Bratz Birthday Bash-Phoebe8 . Bratz Ooh La La-Kumi9 . Bratz Genie Magic-Katia doll with a magical bottle10.Bratz Genie Magic-Meygan11 . Bratz Rock Angelz-music CD12.My scene Day & Nite-Madison13 . My scene Bling Bling-Barbie14 . Barbie fashion fever-Barbie doll with winter clothes15.Barbie Fashion fever.Teresa doll with pink and orange clothes16.The Barbie Diaries-DVD17 . Bratz Genie Magic-DVDwell ... That ` s it!I also ca n`t wait for the movie.I hope the animation is like the Bratz Rock Angelz movie.I think it is.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER *
 BEAUTIFUL DOLL ! COURFUL , AND FUN ! I ENJOY HER VERY VERY MUCH !! I DONT suport RUBY ; -RRB-
 bratz have come up with angelic dolls and the genie collection is worth 10 stars . they attract all sorts of people which make them great . the tattos on their arms are totally cool everyone should have them . i love bratz
 Enter a world of magic with Meygan , Cloe , Sasha , Yasmin , Katia and Jade in the Bratz `` Genie Magic ! '' collection ! They are all dressed up as Genie girls to make every Bratz Fanz ' wishes come true!Bratz `` Genie Magic ! '' Meygan doll comes to you with : OutfitsPairs Of Snap-On ShoesAccessoriezMagic LampCrystal BallHair BrushPosterNecklace -LRB- For You ! -RRB- In my opinion Sasha , Katia and Meygan are the prettiest GM dolls . Meygan 's facial expression is cute and her hair is so soft . I like the outfit that she is wearing.Fulliem
 For all u ppl who think Sasha is not in this collection your wrong.She is in this collection.She has not been released yet cuz they dont have her outfit ready .
 Well you must wondering how I know , well first of all where you would type something to find it go there then type in '' Bratz Genie Magic '' then press go . srcoll down and their it is Genie Magic Sasha with no picture , i 'm goin to get her . I hope she 's not sold out if she is i 'm getin meygan by the way Meygan 's really pretty prettier than cloe !
 I have read the bad reviews and am surprised . We just gave this mixstick to our 5 year old son for Christmas and he LOVES it !! I find myself using it too when I am cleaning upstairs !! I have the ipod nano and the bose dock and find this Mix Stick to be wonderful for what you pay for it . I love it !!
 This hulk stuff toy was a purchase for a friends litle son . It is the perfect companion for a little one to snuggle down with .
 Thank you for the lovely maltese toy dog . She is one of the prettiest maltese toys on the internet . I bought her for a gift for a maltese owner , and he was totally thrilled to receive her . Great shipping , fast and secure . Highly recommended seller .
 My daughter loves her Lite-Brite . She used all 8 picture sheets in the first 2 days she played with it.I have looked and looked for refil pages without much success.I have not been able to find them in stores . The one website I found that offers them -LRB- Hasbro 's -RRB- is perpetually sold out.At 4 , my daughter is better at following a pattern than creating her own . Two months after she recieved it , we are completely out of black construction paper which I have been cutting to fit the toy.Other than that , this game is great ! She really loves it and plays with it every day . I wish Hasbro would come out with a ` coloring book ' filled with detachable design pages and market them along side the toy .
 When I was shopping for gifts for my grandson 's 5th birthday , a Hasbro LiteBrite was high on my list . I retain fond memories of the same basic toy decades ago with my son.The toy is still basically the same
 My children -LRB- ages 9,7,4 -RRB- have all enjoyed playing with this Lite Brite set . The only complaint that I have is that there is no place on the toy to store the unused design papers . Otherwise , it 's a great buy !
 I bought this for my 3-5 year olds and I love it as much as they do . It 's great fun , durable , has a container to hold your pegs , and has pictures that come with it . Overall its been a great toy and I love it as much as they do !
 Thanks for this upgrade on a great classic . Enjoy the fact that it is portable and the pegs are stored right in the unit . Now if you could make the storage part a little bigger and add a spot for the paper , it would be perfect . : -RRB-
 a trip down memory lane now that i can see my nephews playing with it ... a lot better that the big box that would get hot that i had as a kid
 My son 's pre-K teacher suggested this as a good toy for practicing his fine motor skills . I was reluctant to purchase it because of the good number of poor reviews but I 'm glad I took a chance.I agree with others that the quality of the toy has diminished since I had one in the 70 's . I guess that 's just a sign of the times . And although the batteries make it more kid-friendly than the plug-in version , some of the changes really are baffling -- why have glossy picture sheets rather than matte ? Nonetheless , my son seems to really enjoy this and I like that it 's a fun way for him to work his fine motor . Even though I was forewarned by other reviewers , we used the peg tray only to have the pegs fly everywhere when we attempted to open . I 'll probably just pour the pegs onto a white paper plate from now on to make it easier for him to find the right colors -- it 's hard to differentiate the diferent colors when they 're all jumbled together -- especially the yellow and white . Overall , I 'm pleased .
 Got this for my almost 4 year old . He 's still a little to young to follow the letter combination 's with the colored pegs but I sure did have fun helping him with it . :o-RRB- As he gets older I 'm sure it will be a fun toy for him .
 Could not find this product in the store . Found it right away on Amazon . Bought this for my wife to use with her class at school .
 My husband and I are both from Hispanic descent and we are trying to teach our son some of the cultural elements that we grew up with . My son was 20 months old when he received this toy . He is bilingual but primarily speaks Spanish in the house and he absolutely loves his Pancho Abuelito . There were a few songs that he had not heard before but he learned them quickly . ** Beware ** Pancho comes with glasses and if your child is anything like mine , they will try and take it off . Luckily , my son gave up after a few tries , but if he really wanted to he can take of the glasses in an instant . This is the only problem I found in this toy . The possibility of a safety hazard is definitely there . Otherwise , I highly recommend this product for any one that is trying to teach their children Spanish .
 This is the third Abuelito doll I have purchased for my little granddaughter . Unfortunately , the other two were also liked by one of our dogs who proceded to decapitate them . At any rate , I liked them well enough to purchase another one . Our granddaughter loves the songs and the doll is really very cuddly . I highly recommend this doll to anyone wishing to expose their children to another language .
 MY GRANDSON IS ONLY 5 MOS . BUT ABUELOS VOICE SINGING IN SPANISH IS WHAT GRABS HIS ATTENTION . IM VERY SATISFIED WITH HIS SIZE , COLORS OF HIS OUTFIT & HIS VOICE IS CLEAR . SINGING THE LULLABYS IN SPANISH IS WHAT I WANTED . THANK YOU .
 I got this set for the exclusive Senate pod . It 's a great diorama piece for all of the Senator figures in the Star Wars line . I got a few for my Chancellor Palpatine , Bail Organa , and Orn Free Taa . The Clone Troopers are pretty well done and , while there are better versions , they hold up surprisingly well when compared to modern figures . However , the Sidious and Yoda are pretty obsolete . Yoda 's not a horrible figure , but lacks the detail and cloth cloak of the Vintage version . Sidious is basically a stiff statue . It 's actually not a bad ROTJ Emperor figure given that we do n't have a modern version , but it lacks all but the most basic articulation . Also , the blue lightning coming out of his sleeve is pretty silly . Overall , the Senate pod is the highlight of this set .
 I stopped collecting Star Wars back in 2002 and then picked up again in 2010 . I always loved the Geonosian warriors . When I recently picked up this version , I was amazed to see how much better the figure was . Sun Fac is loaded with articulation , which is no mean feat with such narrow limbs . You can position his ankles , knees , hips , wrists , elbows , shoulders , and head into almost any pose you can imagine . And he can actually stand on his own now without a stand . He comes with a sonic cannon and staff . Excellent for fans of AOTC .
 You actually get 2 droids with this package . You get the one pictured as well as a very basic droid which basically is a treaded base with a stick on top -LRB- it reminds me of a Battle Bot -RRB- . It 's not fancy or anything , but my 4 year old was tickled to have 2 droids to play with . The droid pictured has moving legs . There 's a button on his side that you press to make his legs walk .
 This is an absolutely ADORABLE toy that is worth every penny . The chipmunk is finely detailed and although the fairy 's features could have been molded and painted more comely , her overall appearance and `` leaf like '' wings are unusual.How often do you see a chipmunk that a fairy can ride on ? My daughter flipped over it and I thought it was so clever too . If your child likes forest animals and fairies , well ... this is a must buy !
 i bought dudley to put in my police figures collection and not for a toy . he appears durable enough to be played with . most kids now days probably have no idea who dudley even is . there were n't too many of these listed and i found this one to be the best price . he 's a pretty cool stuffed police figure .
 I purchased this product for my twin daughters ' 2nd birthday party . There are n't too many places to get Dr. Seuss-themed party decor . When they finally arrived I was shocked and amazed at their actual size ... . huge ! The only drawback is that they 're not 2-sided so I ca n't decorate my windows with them for the party . They 're made out of a very durable material too & can be used over & over again . I think we 'll decorate the girls ' room with them after the party ! I 'm also looking into seeing how much it would cost to have each cut-out laminated to make them REALLY durable ! Trust me , you wo n't be disappointed AT ALL with these !!
 My son wanted a Dr.Suess themed party and this made it great ! The price was awesome compared to buying party store decorations .
 I bought this product and had the pieces laminated and they are now hanging up in my nephew 's room ! Colorful , engaging and the variation of sizes has brought life to his room . Great for kid 's rooms and for schools .
 I bought these as decoration for my baby girl 's first birthday and they made the whole house come to life . We used the cat sitting with his hat off as a little game for pin the hat on the cat . The kids loved that one . The set is just as it is described . The card stock is very durable for reuse .
 These cutouts were absolutely perfect for my sons birthday party ! We hung them up everywhere around the house ! They were all fairly large and there were plenty of pieces !
 We put them up on walls around the party room and they looked perfect . They were the right size to be able to see even from a little far . They are n't just made of regular paper , they like a thin board . Everyone loved them . I am glad I got these , they made the party more Seussy :-RRB- . After the party we still have them in my sons room .
 I purchased this item to decorate my classroom for NEAs Read Across America in March . I like the product I wish there was more Dr. Seuus items to purchase and ally make the day colorful and fun .
 I first bought the blue one and then had to get the other colors too . My son loves this toy . The bright colors and durable fabric make it a great toy for him . He is 4 months old and loves to stare at it and chew on it . Its very impressive looking .
 so far i have 6 big bratz , 1 little bratz , and 1 sush lounge and i love all of them.they are soooooo cool.they are sorta educational because they teach u how to dress well and to be cool.i do n't have this yet but i am soooooo getting it.no questions !!!!!!! i think its a really cool toy and u should for sure get it !! i hope you get this !!!!! i hope that this review helped u.
 this is so cool im getting it today with my grandma i have 20 dollars and this is only 14 so im gon na get this for my bratz i have punkz dylan pretty and punk yasmin sportz sasha and flash back fever yasmin and for hollywood cloe theyll love it
 i do n't have this toy but i want really really bad.i can pertend that the bratz is having a party.cameron can be the worker.i wish i put that on my christmas list.i could n't remember the name.that is really jacked.but i do have $ 70.96 . maybe i can by it after christmas . 'cause thats when prices drop.this toy look like it rocks!i wonder if juice really come out .
 My sister is a pastor and collects lamb figures . She said it was a great addition to her collection . I can not really rate it for its function as a toy , but the lamb looks adorable on the shelf .
 These are really cute we have all three , as that is all that they have in this style . Tink looks like Tink . Though she is very yellow in the skin tone . ?! Still the costume is cute easy to remove as they have other outfits to put them in . The wings are highly durable of flexible vinyl . Some may say they are too heavy for fairy wings but others complain of the sheeted plastic wings as bending or breaking too . Best these wings are detachable . She is very cute , good descent little figure .
 My toddler loves this set . She enjoys pretending to help around the house and this set looks real enough to keep her happily entertained . Though some of the parts have mysteriously gone missing , the set has withstood the abuses put upon it by a busy toddler . This is a great toy for ages 2.5 and up .
 This toy is so cute and my daughter loves it . The gloves are not what I had hoped for and do not fit well , but she does n't care .
 My daughter loves Dora and needed these toys to add to her collection . They fit perfectly in my wife 's purse or diaper bag . That makes them easy to take anywhere to keep a 2 yr old occupied .
 Thrilled with his KISS cars . He received 4 in his stocking , also got a set for our Grandson in his stocking !
 all those dora toy 's that i buy to this website it is good me and my daughter we like it especially my little one i do collect most dora toy 's for her . she is a dora mania from toy 's to her bed sheetand and alot of things.by the way i apologys to the management of amazon for what i wrote last time it 's just a mistaken hope you guy 's accetp my apology . i do love to buy most of the stuff i like it 's in your site , THANK YOU SO MUCH !!!!
 My 18 month old son loves this toy . He gets excited just sitting in it . I recommend buying the extra 100 balls to add to the toy . We have had many laughs watching him get in it and he is so happy while he is playing .
 Yes , the balls go all over the place if your kids are rough housing in it . Yes , it 's not deep enough . Yes , you need to purchase additional balls . Aside from that ... this ball pit is great ! It 's durable and well made , it 's colorful & makes you just want to jump right in there with your kids . Plenty of room for my 2 boys ages 2 & 8 months . Unless you have amazon kids -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , this is enough room for the little ones to play & have alot of fun in . The spiral center ball drop is a great addition & the kids love to watch the balls twist around in . My boys never want to get out of this thing . It 's bigger than it looks so some space is needed . Good value for the money , great for indoors & outdoors & you so n't need a pump to inflate . Great starter ball pit !! Too bad they are no longer selling it , I got the last one in my TRU store , they told me the company is no longer making this particular model .
 I bought this gor my daughter for Christmas . We blew it up the night before , so when she came down the steps it was ready . She had just turned one . As soon as she saw it she toddled over to it and jumped in . We could n't get her to open her other presents because she did n't want to get out . I definately agree that it is small and too tall for toddlers to put the balls in , but my daughter still enjoyed it . I paid about $ 15 or $ 20 for it -LRB- on sale -RRB- at toys r us , so we were n't too disappointed . As we expected our dog popped it after three months . It was fun while it lasted .
 we discovered our son loved ball pits when he went to his cousins bday party so we decided to get him one for his bday that could fit in the apartment , and boy does he love it ! he is 2 years old and there is no problem size wise ! He pretends he is swimming in there and everything ! His first thing in the morning is to run into the frontroom and jump in ! I recommend especially if you dont have a lot of room !
 This ball pit is quite a lot of fun for our son but I have to say he is 18 months old ... the recommendation is for 3 years and up . I ca n't see a three year old enjoying this or fitting in it for that matter . It has been a big hit with his playgroup . I originally thought that 75 balls would be more than enough , I do think getting the additional 100 balls makes it much more fun . Bear in mind that it is big and I would hate it if it had to be in my living room . Also , as recommended on another site - GET A PUMP to blow this thing up ! You do NOT want to try this on your own lung power . All in all - it is great , he loves it and the best part ... we got it on sale for half price !
 Align brand quality replacement . What more could you ask for ? The only thing I wish they would include is a second servo push rod . Generally when you 're replacing a tail boom you 're going to need to replace that push rod .
 As a card game , this is designed really well . While it 's a bit like Magic
 This game is amazing . It takes an incredible amount of strategy and skill . There are always decisions to be made . Buy it , you will love it .
 This is a great game , i would love to see it resurrected . Along the lines of Magic and other CCG 's .
 We bought this bike for our daughter 's 3rd birthday ! She loves it ! Even though she is still a little young for this bike , she loves to be pushed around on it in the house . She does not want to try to ride it outside just yet.It was very simple to put together ... less than 30 minutes ! The accessories are very cute.I recommend this to any parent who has a child that is a Dora fan !
 I 've had one of these off and on for over 20 years . They 're great coffee table pieces - people who pick it up just ca n't seem to put it down . Good price here - some at the Renaissance Fairs are charging about -LSB- ... -RSB- for them . This little toy tends to keep my little one occupied in the car on short trips .
 My dad had one of these as a kid and I grew up playing with it . I was so excited when I found these again and got one for my kids . They are so simple and yet so much fun . You can make so many different things out of them that the imagination goes wild . My 3 and 5 year olds have spent hours playing with it !
 Our toddler is VERY active and loves to climb on everything . We bought this for her when she was about 18 months old and she continues to love it now at 2 years . We build obstacle courses in our carpeted living room with this balance beam and I 've found it to be very sturdy , safe , and durable . I also found it to be reasonably priced compared to other soft , indoor gym equipment for this age group .
 This is a great item for smaller toddlers , wide enough for them to walk on , soft enough to not get hurt when they slip , colorful too . Only issue is when an older child tries it , they tend to cave it in a little . Not meant for kids over 50 lbs .
 These are an exact replacment , you ca n't have enough spare parts . . If you want to stay in the air without any down time waiting for parts to arrive !
 My husband is a tank commander in the army and I bought this for him for Christmas when he was still in ROTC and had just found out his branch . I told him he could only have it if he promised not to shoot me with it , which lasted all of 5 minutes . He and all the guys in his dorm loved it and I even thought it was fun to drive . FYI , it does n't really hurt when you get shot , more like an ant bite than anything else . We thought this toy was great for older kids and adults who think they 're kids , but I would n't get it for a child under ten .
 I purchased this tank 4 days ago and so far , I am having so much fun with it.The tank functions just the way it says on the box/pictures . Firing well needs a little practice though.The reason a took off the 5th start is that the remote build seems cheap and there is not very good user manual that it comes with so , thinking like how to fire , you have to figure out on your own.But overall a good purchase that has proved to be great fun for the money .
 Our one year old granddaughter loved this toy . Her name is Olivia so I have have bought serveral of the Olivia products and have been very pleased with them
 I bought this truck for my Grandson . The expression when he opened it was worth every penny I paid . The only problem is he keep trying to run over his little sister .
 My 3-year old son loves these puzzles . Yes , the pieces have odd shapes , even round , but that is exactly what he likes . He can slide the pieces until they align . He never liked the regular puzzles with the regular pieces . It also helps to have a picture underneath . Although the picture underneath is different , it is similar enough to tell him where to put Thomas . It is much easier for him than those puzzles which have only a small picture on the box as guide .
 My 13 month old daughter loves this toy . She loves being able to see herself and me in the mirror . She 's recently learned how to `` comb '' her hair like a big girl , so the comb is fun for her . The seahorse squirter is still a little too stiff for her to sqeeze -LRB- but she can sqeeze the fish in the Sassy Pelican Net & Friends toy -RRB- . And she 's not particularly delicate with her toys these days . She has pulled so hard on the crab claws , I was certain they would fall off . Not so far - very durable . And it sticks great to our regular boring tile bathtub wall . Great toy !
 My 1 yr old daughter loves this toy . . she sit 's in the tub and looks in the mirror while she combs her hair ...
 My son really enjoys looking at himself in this mirror at bathtime ! It stays suctioned to the bath wall great . He is not able to pull it down ! Definetly recommended !
 Reference 15 '' Cat BackhoeThe two grandchildren just love this toy . The sound effects it has is just wonderful for them . They say it is just like Daddy 's backhoe that is in the back yard . I would recommend it very highly . Made of plastic and it wo n't get rusty .
 This backhoe was great ! I did n't even know it made construction sounds until I received it . My son loves it and and plays with it all the time . The only drawback may be when the weather warms up & it goes outside - I 'm not sure if the `` sound '' will hold up , but it is well worth the price .
 I bought this front end loader and backhoe for my 2 yr old grandson for Christmas 2009 . He played with it very often , learned what the 8 different buttons were for.The batteries lasted one year ; but they still work for a few of the features.I shall replace them so every feature works .
 My son has it and he loves it . Got it when he was three and he still plays with it a year later . Motorized moves backward and forward , durable , light and sounds . Really fun toy to have . My 16 months age daughter is crazy about it too . We have no problem with it . Guest kids who comes over to our home always play with it too . Truly a winner !
 Bought this item for my 2 year old nephew , and it was also a hit . It still withstands the tortures of a 2 yr old , and continues to work just fine . Overall a great toy for the money $ 20 . makes all sorts of noises and construction sounds . comes with batteries too : -RRB-
 Perfect size for a 6 year old . Daughter loves horses and this puzzle is adorable , sturdy and comes in a sturdy box too . Not too hard or too easy for her .
 He 's pretty cool but because of his position he ca n't be played with . I think zippo beats him by a mile . No ... 20 miles .
 Just imagine ... The bell tolls and the horses are off . Manes and tails streaming behind them , kicking up dust leaving a brown mist . Smarty Jones is among them , coat gleaming from sweat , ears back and listening to everything around him . This model captures the beauty and majesty of Smarty Jones and any hard-working racehorse . I highly recommend this model to any Horse or Racehorse Enthusiast .
 I absolutly love this modle . It is soooooooo cool . I am a big Smarty Jones fan so this was a must have . It is not really made for playing with , more like on a display shelf . I half a special section for him .
 What a great model . It is one of Breyer 's new molds for 04 . Of course it would have to be of Smarty Jones . This mold is so expertly detailed , I belive it even had horse shoes . What a gorgeous mold . Will surely be a classic , I am not going to take it out of it 's box .
 I got this as a gift . My son loves it . He hugged it for about 10 mintues because to him it WAS Superman . We filled the bottom with water since we did n't have sand , and have n't had any problems with it .
 This is fantastic ! I love the dispenser that i can just toss in the drawer without worrying about the blades going all over the place . And it has a slot for spent blades , too . It comes with 15 blades , so I wo n't find myself mid-project lacking a new blade . I highly recommend it .
 I use these blades quite often , and one of the problems with them is disposing of them properly , like not putting them somewhere where one could be cut or stabbed by one accidentally . This small container has the blades on one side -LRB- you extract one at a time -RRB- and a place to put the used blades that is both secure and safe . Hey , somebody did their homework and created a mini plastic housing for new and used blades . Kudos to him , her , or them !
 I love these blades ! The case is convenient for removing blades safely and even has a compartment for storage of used blades . X-Acto has built a reputation as being the top manufacturer of precision cutting tools and these blades reflect their commitment to quality .
 What can be said about a package of X-Acto knife blades ? Not a whole lot . The blades were nicely packaged ; the price was right ; delivery from Amazon was prompt . They fit into my X-Acto knife handle . I am pleased the the product . Not much more to report .
 These blades fit the larger handle , -LRB- not the handle used for the more common # 11 handle and blades -RRB- , and is used for heavy , tougher cutting tasks . However they work almost equally well for detailed and precise cutting usually reserved for the # 11 blades .
 Not an imitation or a knock off thankfully -LRB- though that seems an issue with razor blades for shaving - Gilette and such -RRB- . It has 15 blades in a plastic dispenser . The price is right
 Just the regular balancer with very straight forward usage . The great thing is that it is metal so it is very durable and trustable.very recommended
 I had this item at home and loved it , needed to replace it and was very happy that I could find another one . My dogs favorite !! : -RRB-
 These mini sticky mosaics are perfect for traveling . I 've taken these on airplane trips with my 3-year-old and they 're perfect . A new one each trip and she still is n't bored .
 never saw this color before , you can always get red , black , blue etc , this one is nice ! i love it , thank you ! now need to get jetsons soon ! : -RRB-
 I absolutely love this movie so had to have the action figures . So far I have two of them . Nice guy Eddie 's features are n't perfectly made but I still love it and I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 My little 5-year-old birdwatcher grandson added it happily to his collection - I have ordered several others and he carries them off to bed in his pillowcase - many thanks
 Aside from a few initial problems , this stove is great ! My daughters , ages 22 months and 4 1/2 , have been playing with this for three days straight ! Its gorgeous and very well-designed . That being said , I would suggest purchasing the slightly more expensive Pottery Barn version . In fact , I plan to complete this set with the PB 's sink . My reasoning is simply that Pottery Barn 's customer service and quality controls seem superior . You really do not save any money with the Dexton model due to incredibly high shipping costs . This is important to consider in case something is wrong and god-forbid you need to ship it back to the seller . This is why despite a faulty clock and disturbingly strong paint odor we decided to keep it . -LRB- The paint odor disappeared after an afternoon outdoors -RRB- All in all I have to say that I really do love this stove , oh - and so do my girls , however , I probably would not purchase it again .
 My son received this toy a few months ago for his first birthday and it is his very favorite ! He plays with it every day and does not tire of it . There are two ways that he can make music . First , there is a lantern on the side that lights up and plays different songs . It also makes different outdoor sounds including bug sounds . The front has a red button that when pressed also plays different music and makes driving sounds such as honking and the sound of an engine . He loves to open the door to the camper , take out all of the weebles and accessories and then put them all back in . He also loves to roll it on the floor . The back opens up and has a little hammock that a weeble fits into . The toilet flushes and there is a campfire on the inside of the door that can be played with when the door is opened . There are two things that I do not like about this toy . First , it only comes with one weeble . This is no big deal . We just went out and bought a pack of three . The other is that the motorcycle that comes with it falls over when you put a weeble on it . It seems that it would be more balanced if it were a tricycle instead . These two things are very minor problems . This toy is a bargain and knowing how wonderful it is , I would be willing to pay a lot more . I would give it seven stars if I could .
 This is a great toy , my 15 month old twins love to open the camper and play with it . I agree with the other reviewer about the motorcycle , is n't very stable but that is n't a big deal . I got this toy at my local Target -LRB- $ 13.98 on clearance -RRB- .
 My son received this for his first birthday and he loves it ! It is very sturdy and has a lot of wonderful sounds -LRB- including music which he dances too -RRB- . I am sure he will have fun with this toy for years to come !
 My 1 year old received this for his birthday . It has brought hours of play . It has a lantern on the outside that plays nature sounds and camping songs . The toilet in the camper makes a flushing sound . And the front button makes a beeping noise and plays different songs . It is made out of hard plastic and is very durable . Both my 6 year old and 1 year old love playing with it . Excellent toy !
 My daughter received this for her 1st birthday and there is not a day that she does n't play with it . She has learned to open it up and loves puting the accessories in and taking them back out . One of the best toys she received .
 My daughter received this as a gift at her first birthday party , and I thought it 'd be some cheap toy that she would lose interest in right away ... . but I was very wrong . She was fascinated with it as soon as we took it out of the box , and now a year and a half later , she still plays with it EVERY day . It 's held up extremely well , even though she drops it occasionally and tries to ride on it . There are two different music buttons , and each one plays several different songs that do n't get on my nerves . Also , the side flips open to reveal the inside of the camper , where this is a little toilet that makes a flushing sound . I 'm hoping to find it somewhere , so I can buy one for her cousin for Christmas . I highly recommend this toy !!!
 We 've had this toy now for a year & a half . It is still in great shape , even though it 's been played with by kids of all ages . It 's been dropped on tile , crashed into walls , and more . We 've yet to change the batteries on it ! The music is great , and I love the lantern that lights up . Kids love exploring the camper -LRB- neat surprises like the toilet flush sound & barbecue pop-ups -RRB- . The Weebles themselves are good fun for any age -- whether you are role-playing with them or just watching them spin & rock . I am so pleased with how well this toy has held up -- I 've tossed many toys that were purchased around the same time simply because they had broken or we 'd lost so many pieces . This stores neatly -- the bench and bike as well as a few Weebles all fit into the camper when playtime is over . GREAT TOY !!
 I bought this for my 18 month old she loves it . She can easily push the buttons and move it around it is very sturdy .
 Wow , at last I found the original Hot Wheels tracks that my 38 + 40 year old sons once played with and enjoyed . I am happy to order them each a set to play with their little 3 year old sons . Another generation of fun with the orange tracks that traveled through empty tissue boxes , paper towel tubes and over and under furniture and creative wooden block ramps.What a thrill to find this item still on the market !! Simple , fun and imaginative with NO BATTERIES needed !! This grandparent has a set of her own to share with grandchildren and others as well . Thank you ! Joy
 A basic fun toy , that allows a child to be creative and not restrict his imagination . Too bad the price went out of sight when the inventory went down . I wanted to buy more , but not at the current price .
 For years , I had been looking for the original Hot Wheels set I remembered from my children 's childhood . All I could find was souped up , motorized , commercial versions of my children 's favorite toy . I was so happy to find the Classic Hot Wheels set at Amazon.com . I ordered a set for my PreK class and was so satisfied with its ' simplicity and durability , I ordered two more . The children enjoy creating their own configurations all over the classroom just as my children did many years ago .
 My two year old son has this doll , and loves that he can take it into the bath . It does float , and seems very durable . It has n't been in the washing machine yet however . One of the major uses of this doll is that I put bandaids on it in the appopriate corresponding spots when my son has a `` bobo '' , like on his thigh when he got his tetanus shot , and on the foot arches when he got huge blisters . He drags the doll around and sympathises with it . Excellent size for a toddler , and the little jumpsuit is easy enough to put on.It does float very well in the bath , but unlike the product review , does n't seem to have `` sealed eyes '' , and even after hanging by the attached loop , as per instructions , for drying for a day or more , will still leak water from around the base of the head and out of the eyes as if crying . I do find that annoying as my son likes to hold the doll as he reads books.I do like that it is an ethnic doll . It is one of the very few Corolle dolls for toddlers that can go into the bath and is n't lily white . I also like that it does n't have hair . My son loves to suds up its head with shampoo , and unlike his other haired dolls , it never becomes a rat 's nest of fuzz.All in all , a product I could recommend to parents of toddlers , especially boys . Apparently this is no longer available , but their is another brown eyed Tidoo Graceful doll in blue available instead .
 My kids loved this game , but the sound stopped working . Unfortunately I had to return it to amazon , nad thewy do n't have any replacements .
 My sons were into Avatar BEFORE the movies ! Back then there were slim choices for related toys . This one turned out to be a great choice and we 've used it a lot .
 This game is very fun if you know how to play -LRB- just playing with the figures is fun to -RRB- . Also it uses some math skills because you add up points .
 An awesome fun game , especially for marvel fanatics ! My 2 oldest boys love the game it touches base on some of the favorite cartoon characters , while given them a fun math lesson . good quaility toys , and fun to collect !!
 My niece is in love with anything Tinkerbell & this doll was no different . This doll is very hard to find & amazon was reall the only site I could find it . Even last year when I tried to purchase it , amazon did n't have it in . I made sure to purchase it & have it delivered on time this year . She loved it & I got a great , big hug and a kiss on the cheek out of it =-RRB- .
 We recently started collecting wooden toy train things for our 3 year old son - he loves this plane - and after a 3 months of hard -LRB- read
 Sammy is a pretty hefty chunk of solid , unbending plastic , and you 're supposed to balance him on a 1-and-a-half inch metal spike that sticks out the bottom of one foot -- to simulate that cute little hop he does , right before a homerun lap . Problem is , the lightweight base has a very shallow hole to receive said metal spike , so Sammy 's body tends to lean heavily atop the shallowly-anchored spike once assembled on the base . You have to position him carefully , to avoid the whole model just toppling over . Also , carefully concealed in the box is a short black plastic rod which is necessary to mount the bat to the base . The rod barely fit the too-small hole the on the bat , causing some restrained cursing during the build process . Once assembled , I must say it 's a surprisingly lifelike and detailed model that does not disappoint .
 My 8 months old daughter loves these cute colorful little bath toys . They float in her tub and keep her occupied while I bath her . She even takes one with her when I take her out of the tub and during dressing . Well made product , also great as gift .
 I bought 2 of these for my granddaughters , 6 and 9 years old . They did n't put them down for weeks ! They treat them like their own little pets/babies ... feed then , clean up their virtual `` poop '' , put them to sleep ... etc. . They sleep with them on their nighttables in case the pets need them during the night . They 've had them since Christmas -LRB- 4 months now -RRB- and still , they are a big hit . Their friends have them and they `` connect '' them so they make lots of new pet friends . When they `` die '' and get their little `` angel wings '' their grief is short lived because a new BABY is born right away . I just purchased 2 more for them , so they can have 2 each now . Consider this a GREAT investment . By the way , they 're selling on ebay now for $ 25 - $ 30 . Get them here while you can .
 Tamagotchis rule !!! This is n't a pretty color , but it does n't matter . If you 're bored , these are remedy ! Even if you have a pet , you can take them to school if you turn the sound off . Now they 're coming out with version 2 !
 very good . fun to play with . pet that fits in your pocket . keep sound off during school !! Fun to feed and play with at all times , Keep it healthy and you will get many generations of tamas . Dont get them over weight or else they will fly away back to their home planet , tamagotchi planet . Conect and drop present or compete in pop the balloon contests and eating contests . Get different characters each time and get different kinds of presents for the specific character . Have fun !!!
 I love tamagotchi it is soooooo fun . But it 's a little hard at the same time you have to care for it and love it and make sure it 's getting everything it needs . Plus when it 's a baby you have to check on it every minute because in that period of time a heart or hungry heart dropped you have to potty train it which is hard . U can buy stuff from the store and have your little tamagotchi put it on or play with it or eat it and you can connect with othger people !!! Which I love doing . Now that I have one I love it !!! And now my sister wants one too !! So then we can connect I love tamagotchi 's and they teach you how to be a real parent and care for your pets anmd love them no matter what . Also when your on the go thier portable and you can take them with you and have fun with them . I love tamagotchi 's !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They 're the best and I hope they come out with one 's in color because that would be REALLY COOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks Bandi for making such a fun and easy little portable pet to p lay with !!!!!!! Now I dont have to be bored all the time !!!!!!! I know I wrote alot but I just love tamagotchi 's Super fun thanks bandi .
 I have two tamagotchi 's and they have been fun.It is educational because it teaches you that pet 's need attention and you ca n't overfeed them or underfeed.It basically teaches you responsibility for pets.They go through stages in life.In order they are baby , child , teen , adult , death.It does die but if you have a strong relationship with someone or if the matchmaker comes it may have a baby and you can go onto a 2 generation.I recommend this toy to people of all ages .
 You HAVE to get this toy ! They are awesome , cute , and they are like real pets ! Going from eggs , to children , teens , adults , and finaly death , this is educational and fun ! You may have heard do n't bring them to school , just turn the sound off !!! BUY IT NOW !!!!!! It is the best !!!
 I 'm 11 and i got my tamagotchi yesterday . Her name is A and she 's lots o ' fun . They grow a year everyday and my sister and I are having a contest for who can keep their tama alive the longest . It ` sa lot easier and more fun than any other virtual pet I 've ever tried . In fact I 'm playing with her right now , plus connecting with my sis 's is a blast .
 I got this as a gift for Christmas . I always wanted a pug but am not in the financial state to get a dog so my father bought this little guy for me instead . The breathing is so realistic sometimes i think I 'm looking at a real pug puppy . The puppy 's facial features are very well done and realistic . I love this pug puppy so much that i find myself carrying him around the house with me . A great buy for anyone young or old !
 I bought this as a gift for my husband because we ca n't have a dog and he loves pugs . So , I put the puppy on the bed as if it were sleeping and brought my husband into the room . He did a double take - he thought I got him a real puppy ! Since that we have fooled our family and friends ! It is incredibly cute and life-like . Not sure how it would be for a child to play with since it basically just sleeps ...
 I bought this toy for my 6 year old daughter and she absolutely loves it . It 's so lifelike it 's scarry . . We bought it several months ago and it 's still running on the same battery it came with . I would definately recommend buying it .
 I love my fake pug . I keep it in my office and folks always think I 've brought my dog to work . ; - -RRB-
 bought as a gift and the person loved them . Have a set of my own aw well . Very well made and just a cool thing to chant to .
 it has a clear & precise soundFast shipping within 2 weeks . Item as described . recommended for others considering getting a chmie for mediation or clearing ! great crisp sound .
 I love it . The chimes sound beautifully and the vibrating sound cloud is extremely calming . I use it in the classroom to calm and focus my students before a new task or lesson . A must for every teacher .
 I bought this chime for use in my classroom . I use it to let know the children know that it is time to Stop , Look and Listen . It has a clear sound and a sturdy construct .
 I have one of the smaller , single - `` bell '' units and like the tone it produces , clear , ringing , with LOTS of resonances ; this two - `` bell '' unit is much more complex in the tone -LRB- s -RRB- it produces . When both `` bells '' are struck , I can `` feel the beats '' between the tones generated , which are slightly offset . The resulting mixed sound is extremely complex compared to the single unit , and has an `` Oriental '' overcast to the tones as they mix . If you 're a `` pure western music '' `` trained ear '' , you might find this a little unsettling at first , since there does n't seem to me to be a `` normal diatonic '' relationship between the primary tones , but rather an `` Oriental '' relationship . If you 're looking for an `` Oriental-ish '' sound , this little unit should be considered .
 I use this product daily in my classroom with students and it is still working great after months of heavy use . The sound is great too .
 Yes they are the same tone as one reviewer stated , however I like that as it provides an effect that is soothing . It is nice to start or end a meditation session with it . Good craftsman ship . Do n't expect to play a tune on it though .
 This instument has a lovely sound & works perfectly to begin & end meditation , especially in a group setting .
 Beautiful clear sound and substantial construction . It is everything I expected it to be . I would buy more products from this company .
 Some of the other reviews of this indicate that it 's hard to get the tones right , but I have n't had a single problem with it . It 's definitely a good addition to any meditation kit .
 a nice chime , especially for the price . The tone is n't as sweet as a tingsha though .
 Higher pitch due to the size of the the aluminum bars . Nice long lasting sound . Attractive sound to use to get kids ' attention . I use it with students to enhance mindfulness exercises -LRB- lots of research showing mindfulness important to listening skills , diminished impulsivity and more ability to pay attention - see Mindup curriculum -RRB- . Listened to alternatives on other sites and this was the best value for the dollar . Performs as advertised . Not disappointed at all .
 I use these chimes to transition my university students in and out of activities . I use to use it in the classroom as a teacher . Works great and is so soothing .
 Gift for an adult , she loved it so did I , very cute , size small , but perfect with fine details . ----- quick delivery , on time for Christmas.Thank you .
 What a unique plush to add to your Simpsons collection . He is not quite huggable because he is stuffed quite tightly . He looks better then the picture shown .
 My grandson loved Max ! He even want a `` Max Suit '' . Great reinforcement for reading the book Where the Wild Things Are `` E. Woods
 If you teach a young age students love this product for when you read `` Where the Wild Things Are '' I also recommend acquiring the Wild Thing Plush toys to accompany it .
 I purchased this toy to put in my kindergarten reading center , the kids love it . We have several `` reading buddies '' but this is the first one from the book `` Where the Wild Things Are '' . It has really sparked new interest for the book and they often read it to their new reading buddy .
 I bought this for my baby nephew , Max . We love the Wild Things in our family , so this was a given . What a great toy ! Perfect rendition of Maurice Sendak 's Max , and huggable , too .
 I mean how could i possibly give less that a stellar rating to this little guy . Look at him , cute , amiright ?
 It 's great . It 's big for my 17 mo. old and looks just like Max . I do n't have much more to say except that it 's perfect .
 Bought this for my husband who like me is an avid S.Park fan ... put it in his stocking ... its now July ... he STILL presses the button and cracks up on the rude recorded cartman sayings each time he uses it to pay bills.We CAN NOT figure out how to change the battery and now we really need to as it has finally died and now we miss hearing it . The pen writes great . I would buy this again many times over and my husband gives it two thumbs up .
 To my shock , this Zona Dovetail Saw is Made in the USA , which should be in the description . Feels well made , feels quite sharp , ca n't wait to give it a try . Wish I could afford a high dollar saw , but that 's not in the cards right now.Dovetail Saw ,8 x 1-3/4 ,18 TP I
 Its an OK saw ... I guess.I actually bought 2 cause they were very inexpensive.I bought this saw ... or saws ... because I needed a thin kerf saw to make a cut in a saw handle and this saw worked fine . I dont have any use for the saws anymore but will keep them around for fine small cuts I have to make.Might be useful for cutting wedges off the ends of through tenons ... but who knows ... Thought about taking one of them and cutting the handle off and making a new handle , an open type western style handle ... but the `` gents '' handle does an ok job ... I could probably also remove the handle and shear the back off and use it as a flush cutting saw ... . but I 'll probably keep them both as is ... and use them whenever the opportunity arises ... I wouldnt buy one as a dovetail saw because I dont believe they would hold up to much hard use ... or hard woods ... but for a beginner or someone who needs to make fine cuts in softer materials ... or just wants a small fine cut saw to keep around just in case ... they are fine .
 We got this little fire truck last Christmas for my 1 and a half year old son and he loves it . He has rode it EVERYDAY for almost a year !!! This ride on car is so cute and it does it all ! I am just amazed that I have not had to change the batteries yet . When Eric is not on it , his little sister is . I do n't find it annoying , so it is a winner all the way around !! This little `` fire truck '' is well worth the money !!
 We were looking for a small ride-on toy for our 19 month son and I saw this one . The same manufacturer also makes a ride-on construction toy and a ride-on fire engine toy . But the music on this one seemed like much more fun , so we got this one . When I put it on the floor at home , still in the box , my son sat on it , pushed the buttons , and started moving to the music ! It was so cute to see . And the construction of this toy seems to be sturdy . Also , we bought this one instead of the Finding Nemo ride-on because that one has many sharp objects attached to the top of it . The Finding Nemo ride-on is not specified for either gender and the colors are similar to this toy , so I 'm not sure why this toy is labeled `` Girl 's ... '' ?
 bought these last year for xmas looking for something different . Kids loved them . Something different to play with and they learned how to use a puppet .
 I bought this toy for my handicapped child . The pegs are big enough for her to handle . The colors are nice and bright for her to see . She loves the red ones . She loves for me to stack them and then she knocks them down . Great toy .
 My son received this toy from his aunt for his second birthday , after having played with it quite a bit at his cousin 's house a few months earlier . I never would have thought to get it for him because it seemed like it might be too young for a 24 month old . Not so ! He plays with thing for hours ! He 's had it for three months now and still loves it.He stacks according to colors , shapes , or in patterns . Sometimes he just likes to see how big he can make a tower -LRB- pretty darn big with these shapes ! -RRB- . He 's expanded now , to using the shapes with his other toys and hauling them around in his trucks . But in the end , he loves to bring them back to the board and arrange them in some cool way.Fantastic toy !!
 Discovery Toys are typically some of the best , and this is no exception . My son is 14 months and LOVES his pegboard . He plays with it every day , and loves carrying the shapes around , stacking them on top of each other , putting his fingers in the holes , putting the pegs in the pegboard , and shaking the little stars that have beads in them . He invents new and fun ways to play with this toy daily . He is learning his colors and shapes -- he loves the `` kerr-culls '' -LRB- circles -RRB- -- and it offers so many great opportunities for teaching . I 'd highly recommend this toy to anyone who wants to give their child some good old educational fun .
 This slot machine bank arrived ahead of schedule , in perfect condition , is fun to use !
 Love these , they are like what we made when we were kids ! My daughter was really excited to get these for a gift .
 Great detail on the painting . this one is hard to find but totally worth it . I love the titanium series and this is one of its finest pieces .
 My seven year old is delighted with this tub and its booklet of instructions for a plethora of building ideas . He had a few little sets and can now store all his pieces in the big blue tub . We can play together and bounce ideas off each other , and his three year old sister can be included -LRB- she 's handy for finding the pieces he needs -RRB- . My only complaint is with the lid - he finds it very difficult to open .
 I bought a 22 piece set of these for my 5 1/2 yr old daughter . She played with those 22 pieces for over an hour just ditting there.I ca n't say enough ... they are easy to clean up since they are magnetic . The only things I 'd say as a caution are that the metal balls hurt if they stray away and you step on them so keep it contained .
 Our 9 year old daughter received this tub of K'nex for Christmas and it has been the one toy she has played with over and over . In fact , our older daughter has had fun with them too . You can create so many cool things . Such as a basketball goal & you can shoot baskets with the ball that came in the tub , a working windmill , a wind-up ferris wheel , a ring toss game and much more . It is so nice to have a toy that allows children to use their imagination . We will definitely be purchasing more K'nex !
 I am very pleased with the quality of this toy . My kids play with it a lot . My only complaint is that the size of the bin is deceiving ; the Knex only fill about half the bin . I 'll need to buy another set to truly have enough . Manufacturers need to stop using this cheap trick to make you think you 're getting more than you really are .
 I bought this for my son this Christmas 2005 . He is 6 years old and this was his favorite toy he got this year ! He spends hours building things that came pictured in a booklet that came with the set . He also makes up his own gadgets to build . For the $ 22.49 I paid for this , it was well worth the price ! The 425 Piece Super Value Tub was the largest tub I had seen around compared to what the local department stores had to offer . The price I paid for this tub was cheaper than what most department stores had their sale prices for smaller tubs !! I highly recommend this for any child over the age of 5 !!! I also have a 4 year old son and he does n't really seem interested in it quite yet , he 'd rather play the video games . I know KNEX makes other larger building masterpieces such as a ferriswheel , and rollercoaster that my son now wants . They will be on our future purchasing lists . : -RRB-
 My 5 year old son loves to build . We started out with the small beginner set , but soon upgraded to the larger bucket . We love the fact that he has to follow a diagram and problem solve to build something from the enclosed book . He loves the animal sets - we have two dinosaur ones that have the plastic pieces to add on and a sabertooth tiger one as well . He absolutely loves the toy . We love it for its educational value , its durability and its ability to keep our son occupied for hours!What a great toy .
 I wanted to get my oldest grandson an erector set but was told by my daughter that this was old school and that K'NEX was the building set of today . We had fun playing with it but I will get the erector set in a few years when he is older . This set has a spring powered motor and is a great starter set .
 I bought 2 of these sets to give my friend 's young boys something to do while on vacation . The 2 boys , aged 4 and 7 really enjoyed playing with the k ` nex sets . They spent hours building and playing with many of the toy building projects . The grown-ups had as much fun with these sets as the boys did .
 My 8 year old received these for Christmas last year and this year . I even love to help him build with them . All ages like them . My 5 & 6 year old play with them and some of the neighbor kids -LRB- 11 & 13 -RRB- like them as well . These were a BIG hit !
 I just got my knex super value tub on 6/2/06 and I already love it . I have made a windmill . Well that is all i have made so far . The only things I did not like about this toy was that the tub that it comes in was hard to open . Also the motor is kinda stiff . I rated this toy a 5 because with out all the bad things it is a perfect toy for any knex lover !
 We got this for my son when he was 12 years old . He hasbuilt the coolest things like a remote control holder , a baseball bat , a baseball card holder , etc. . Even now at theage of 13 he still builds things . His friends do also whenthey come over . The contraptions that they are able to comeup with are so creative . These are completely unlike legosin the fact that you can make things bend with the right pieces.I truly recommend this .
 This product allows all our kids 4/8/10 to use their imaginations and skills to build all sorts of neat things -LRB- some real , and some are just what ever a kid can come up with -RRB- . Boys and girls alike , will enjoy K'NEX products .
 It has been a constant battle to find something my 11 year old will play with by himself other than video games . We bought this yesterday , and he has already played with it for several hours ! He likes building the ideas in the book and also making his own creations . The recommended age listed here is 6-10 years , but on the packing of the box the ages are 7-14 years . There are 3 skill levels - Friendly Challenge , Moderate Challenge , and Greater Challenge . The instruction book has 4 Friendly models , 9 Moderate models , and 17 Greater models . At 11 years old , the Friendly models are a little too easy for him , and the Greater models are a bit challenging without adult help -LRB- I 'm sure he 'll get better at it in no time though -RRB- , but the Moderate models are perfect for him . He has an incredibly short attention span , but he has been content to work on this longer than he ever has with anything else , so I hope this will spill over into other areas of his life , especially school .
 My children are 9 and 7 . We have had K'nex for 3 years now and my kids are still playing with them !!! Whenever my neices and nephews come over the first toys out are the K'nex . These toys are great for both boys and girls . They spark children 's imagination and keep them busy for hours . I honestly was skeptical when I first bought them . I thought they would be like a puzzle , use them once and then toss them aside . Boy was I wrong . Whenever my boys go shopping with me they have to look at the new K'nex to see what they do n't have . I highly recommend them . But please be wary when you have babies . The pieces are small and a baby can choke on them . Other than that they are a great family bonding toy . Parents , you can even play with them too . They are highly addictive .
 Our son has been playing with a smaller set of Knex for the past year and enjoyed it so much we decided to buy him more for his 7th birthday this year . He plays with these constantly . Not only does he build things from the book that 's included but he comes up with many unique designs on his own.The overall quality of the set is great . Some of the longer pieces may snap in two if they are n't undone by holding them close enough to the connected area . The storage tub has ample room to allow for adding more Knex to the set . We are extremely pleased with this toy ! It is well worth the price .
 I only started playing with K'nex a few weeks ago at my cousins house but now I love them . They 're really fun to play with . If you are looking for something easy or challenging this would be right for you . I 've only played with them once and now I 'm hooked . They 're so entertaining and you feel great when you finish a model . I would recommend these to any kid , no matter what age .
 As a child I used to play with K'nex a lot . I just dug up an old model I built to hold my poker chips today that I 'd made years ago , and I decided to look around for the biggest set I could find.As a college student now , I can see the value of playing with the K'nex set as a kid
 THIS IS THE BEST TOY MY 8 & 10 YEAR OLDS GOT FOR CHRISTMAS . THEY HAVE PLAYED WITH IT FOR HOURS - TOGETHER ! THE PIECES AND INSTRUCTIONS ARE EASY TO USE AND VERY ADAPTABLE . WE ALSO BOUGHT A MOTERIZED SET THAT CAN BE USED WITH THE LARGER SET TO MAKE MOTERIZED TOYS . THE BOX SERVES AS A STURDY PLACE TO STORE THE PIECES - A PLUS FOR ME SINCE PUTTING IT AWAY IS EASIER FOR THE KIDS.BUY THESE TOYS !
 It is so nice to have a toy where your child can use their creativity ! My son is ten and he plays with these for hours and I am amazed at what he comes up with ! K'nex are great !
 This toy with the comibnations of models it can make is a very good brain racking toy for kids 5-7 . I love it and i 've purchased more models too
 I have a 6 year son that was bored with legos and licoln logs , but loved to try and build things . So , we got him this set for Christmas . He loves it ! You are not limited to what shapes you can make with the other building sets . he will go to his room and build things himself from looking at the directions . Since christmas we have bought him a few of the smaller sets to go along with this set . My husband and I like to play with it to . I would recommend knex to everyone ! They are worth evey penny !
 I bought this for my 7 year old daughter 's birthday.She just loves it and plays/builds on average fourtimes a week .
 This Barbie-sized replica of Tinker Bell charmed my 6-year-old granddaughter , Jessica . She took it out of its fairyland packaging and twirled around the living room with Tinker Bell high above her head . She has many such dolls with which she spends countless hours at play . Tinker Bell has found a good home . She will be able to have her hair combed , her wings dusted , and be dressed in different outfits that Jessica already has because Tink is a standard size .
 MORE OF A COLLECTOR ITEM THEM A TOY . MY SON WAS SO EXCITED HE IS BLIND AND IN A WHEELCHAIR AND LOVES ROB ZOMBIE SAID IT WAS THE BEST PRESENT EVER !
 Being a huge fan of Zombie , I HAD to buy this figure . It looks great ! His dreads are yarn like , his coat/pants leathery , and a cloth shirt and scarf . He 's a little hard to stand up since he 's so heavy , so mine is sitting down . It does n't do much , aside from playing Dragula when you press his stomach . Way more realistic than the 6 '' McFarlane figure . Great toy !
 He is only four months and has loved this toy since around two months . Now he grabs for it and is constantly looking for Moo Moo . I do n't know what it is about this toy that has him so intrigued , but all the other toys play second fiddle to this cow . It is pretty plain and simple and cute too !
 I got this for my four month old and she is amazed by it . . She will stare at it forever and loves it when my 3 1/2 year old makes the music play for her .
 At 8 months , Molly Moo has become one of her favorite toys .
 I always forget how small these are until I see them packaged . They are exactly what I was hoping for though and that 's what counts ! I 'd definatly buy them again .
 My mom is older , spends a lot of time in bed , reading or bored , and I thought she might like to try something new . Within the month or so since she 's had it , her prowess at the games has gotten really impressive ; she likes the fact that it challenges her and she feels it 's very rewarding to get a perfect score . The controls are easy to use and the screen and letters are big enough for someone without perfect eyesight to see . I think she 's addicted to it , so I 'm definitely satisfied .
 Granpa sent this to my 6yr old from australia even before it arrived in the US market . It seemed a bit of a challenge for a 6yr old but gradually he learned . For a few months he put it away and now that he is almost 7 he enjoys playing with it . It is highly educational without a doubt . We play WORD HUNT with the whole family.The cons of this game is that some of the words on word hunt that we have come across are ` Vagina ' and ` Porno ' which I am quite certain should not be on a game that is recommended for kids . So adult supervision is a definite must .
 I needed to get a gift for an adult Yankee Swap at Christmas . Hello Amazon !!! It turned out that my daughter ended up with this Brain game . She absolutely LOVES it . It travels everywhere with her . Great while waiting for the kids to get out of school . She still has more to learn about it , but said it is the greatest mind game . Extremely stimulating ! So glad we made the choice of purchasing this game . Now I need one ! Highly recommend this . The only thing is , that it should be labled for adults as some of the content is adult like .
 Works good once you get a feel for the buttons and how they work with the different games .
 I have had this game for a long period of time and it still works great . I only wish there was a 2nd edition to change the words in word find .
 Brain plasticity is the key ! This is great for adults , although like the other reviewer said , not aimed at kids .
 very helpful . triggers the brain to work consistenly and faster the longer you use it . love the product . great tool !
 tons of fun and educational at the same time . We take it everywhere and I would reccomend it to anyone who likes to keep their mind sharp .
 may be people do n't know how this came out , if you or your family member has problem with `` senior movements '' or you want to avoid it , this is it , the more you use the better it is.If you want to delay your nursing home placement use it all the time and save money .
 I originally picked this hand-held up for a cross-country road trip to keep me occupied . Beyond keeping me busy on the trip , I now leave this handheld toilet-side . If you 're a toilet book-reader like I am who feels there is an importance in maintaining a stimulated mind and pushing the envelope of what you are capable of both physically and mentally , grab it . Essentially , it 's a simplified version of Brain Age for the Nintendo DS , but it will still help sharpen your mind and wake you up in the morning . A great change-up from reading . You will see results in cognitive speed and recollection if you use this just for five minutes a day.Batteries lasted about 2 + years , but the display is suffering artifacts likely due to a few falls coupled with bathroom moisture and humidity .
 Bachmann , your models helped my daughter to recieve an outstanding grade . The models gave it a life like appearrance . Her project was a success
 My daughter received this toy for Christmas . We have no trouble with the pieces falling apart . My daughter loves playing out the scene from the double wedding of Annalise and Ericka .
 my girls loved this toy ! they have tons of barbies , and play with it all the time !
 I saw a review here from 2006 , where someone said they got tossed from a game for using this product ... I just wanted to make sure that everyone knows that these grips are definitely legal in just about all divisions now !
 The product takes bat grips to another level ! Makes me feel like the bat is part of my hand . Awesome product for elevating your play at the plate !
 Awesome product , definitely helps with my hitting . Was skeptical at first because I 've never used one of these before but love it . Trying to order more for my other two high end bats but seller is currently out of stock . Will pounce on a few more the second they become available .
 Was introduced to this product by a friend after trying it for a while I now have one on each of the 4 bats I own and my son has them on his 2 bats as well for Mustang league play you have a better feel for the bat with this grip the bat rolls of your fingers nicely no hard vibration when making contact on your lower hand and overall a way more comfortable grip a great product for those players looking for any edge they can find
 Bat grip feels great and the looks to . It 's a little smaller than it seems on the picture but I do n't have a problem with that cause you can rounded with your hands more efficiently .
 Worth every penny ! We had the Leap Frog already just got the book . Our daughter is to little to really catch on to it , but she loves hearing Dora 's voice , boots too . Well worth it and something she 'll play with for years to come .
 My daughter likes this game very well . She plays it every night just before going to bed . I have had no problems with it . She has already mastered all the games on it though within the first day she had it .
 My 3 year old got this with her first leappad and adores Dora , so it was an immediate hit . She listens , repeats and plays quietly for ages.Well worth a buy for any Dora fan .
 My daughter ca n't get enough of Dora and plays with the leap pad all the time . She 's two years old and its really teaching her a lot of things . I recommend this to any parent that wants their child to educate themselves and have fun all at the same time .
 This is a must for any Dora/Leap Pad lover . The book is very cute and simple to use . My daughter is almost 3 and plays with this faithfully .
 My 4 year old loves Dora . She sees other kids playing video games but we do n't want her to get into that kind of habit . When I need to get things done around the house , that 's when I let her play with it . She loves singing and dancing to the song and has fun playing the games . Since she is learning how to read now , this toy reinforces her word recognition skill .
 Well that is what dora the explorer does for my kids . as well as teach them to distinguish lengths -LRB- longer than , and SHorter than -RRB- Shorter and taller . it is a great book .
 My son loves this Bank . He ca n't wait to get money so he can put it in his bank . It 's a great start to encouraging savings .
 the game will not stay on
 the game will not stay on
 Dora is a hit in our household , so this leap-book was only fitting for us to purchase . If your child enjoys Dora , you wo n't be disappointed in this fun little book . I was really pleasantly surprised by the educational content , and all the fun it provides , it is packed with a bunch of interactive little games that keep even a 2 year old interested . My 2 & 4 year olds both love this book . My four year old was jealous that he did n't have THIS book for HIS leap pad -LRB- he has bigger leap pad -RRB- . This book teaches vocabulary both English and Spanish , problem solving , cooperation , and shapes and colors as well . My only wish is that they had more books to buy .
 My almost three year old daughter received the My First Leap Pad for Christmas . `` Santa '' also brought the Dora game . She loves it ! Besides being an avid fan of the show on TV , she has played this game A LOT ! It 's great for road trips as her older brothers punch away at their Game Boys . She feels very grown up . The pages are now easy for her to navigate . She initially was too impatient to listen to the directions and would immediately being to press buttons . This has gotten better ! Some of the pages are bent but with all the use she 's getting out of the book it 's worth it .
 My 3 year old son just got My First Leap Pad for Christmas and has n't put it down yet ! I just got the Dora book for it and he instantly figured out that you have to put the cartridge in before you can play it . He has a bit of trouble popping the book into place on the leap pad , but he 's only 3 and his coordination is n't perfect yet . This is a wonderful learning tool not only for teaching how to follow directions but also a few spanish words , always helpful , and mostly some good interaction with his TV pal Dora .
 If your child is a Dora fan , this book is for you ! It is very colorful and packed with fun activities . This would be the first book that I would purchase for my first leappad !!! It is worth the money !
 This was purchased for my daughter last year when she was three for christmas , it is now a year later and she still loves it . I love the leap pad systems and my first leap was great and now i think she will be going into the regular leap pad and like my others will enjoy hours of fun . You will not go wrong with dora !!
 My 3yr old girls LOVE this product ! This is something they actually play together ! And that does n't happen unless they are being mischievous . Even my son who is 6 also plays the games and likes it . It has the real voices from the show and all the familiar characters they know . It teaches simple spanish words that my girls love repeating through out their busy day . I would recommend this to any Dora fan .
 This book is great as are most of the LeapPad products . My son loves to use this book daily . It helps him learn words in both spanish and english , and he already knows quite a few words in spanish and he is 2-1/2 years old . I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for something that their child will use for hours and all of the leapPad Books are as educational as this one . A great Product .
 If your child is familar with the show Dora the Explorer he will love this game . It stays true to the same story line that the shows have ; Map , Packpack , and of course Swipper the Fox ! The games that it offers teach colors , shapes , recognition , music , memory games , and more . It is a lot of fun !
 My daughter is only 2 & 1/2 , but she has figured most of this out . She loves Dora and now she has an interactive Dora . The quality of the activites amazes me . The best feature is the music . The music is so good that my daughter prefers to dance then play the games when you hit the butterfly game features .
 This is one of my daughters favorite things to play with . She loves playing the games and it is teaching her a bunch of new things . Very easy to understand
 This was our first Leap Pad book and our daughter loves it ! She plays with this for up to an hour and she 's not even 2 yet . The games are educational yet fun ! I wish more of the Leap Pad books were this great . Stay away from the Princess Counting Tales .
 My grandson has really enjoyed this software . It is very helpful in his learning process . He recognizes the characters and that is fun for him as well .
 First and foremost , I must say kudos to AMAZON.com . As another review stated , it was difficult to find books for My Fist LeapPad . But I have been able to find MANY different selections here at Amazon , and of course , much cheaper than anywhere else . My daughter Loved Dora so much that we have bought her two others and are waiting for Christmas . We have a big trip scheduled , and will surely buy a few more for on the plane . They definitely keep their attention longer than most other toys , and they are educational ! Thanks Amazon .
 Dora the Explorer is a big hit my four-year old , who is somewhat of a tomboy . We have a Dora backpack , a Dora tricycle , and several other Dora-themed products . As my daughter also loves her My First LeapPad , my wife and I thought this book would make a nice present when she started junior kindergarten.She loved it ! The activities are fun and well paced , and there are several of them . Compared to other My First LeapPad Books , this one really held her attention . My wife and I were also pleased to see noticeable improvement of our daughter 's reasoning skills as she explored this game . It is definitely among my daughter 's top three favorite books in this series .
 She likes it . Will be used a lot . There should not be a maximum word requirement on these reviews . Good things can be said in a few words .
 The product was delivered in a timely manner which we appreciate . It was a present for a four year old granddaughter and she loves it .
 I purchased this Leappad Educational Book for my granddaughter . She is 3 years old and just loves it . I highly recommend Leappad and the various books that accompany it -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We bought this because our daughter loved playing with her uncle 's when she went to visit him . She was ecstatic when she saw she had one too ! she has a few other leap books , but she enjoys this one alot . it sings dora songs , teaches counting and abc 's and other important things children should start learning about when they are 3 . i would recommend this even if your child is not an avid dora fan .
 This book is great . It 's Dora so of course , it 's a shoo-in . My daughter got this along w/her Leap Pad for her 3rd birthday . This book is her favorite . If you like Dora , get this book !
 My daughter is about to turn 6 and she just loves her leap pad and all the books to it . It has taught her how to count in spanish , and use some words as well . She has also learned her abc 's with the wonderful leap pad system . Thank you so much for your concerns for our children 's education . She sits for hours and plays with her leap pad and asks questions
 This is one of my daughter 's favorite My First Leappad books . The story is fairly simple . Dora and Boots find a lost baby blue bird and precede to return it to its mother . My daughter really enjoys the story , though . The book is very colorful and there are a lot of activities that would interest a toddler , especially music from the show . If you 're only going to get a few of the My First Leappad books , I would put this one at the top of your list , especially if you 're child likes Dora The Explorer .
 My 3 year old loves Dora The Explorer and this cartridge is his favorite . He is very active , but he will sit and play with this toy for 20-30 minutes at a time . A great investment .
 My daughter plays with this continously . It is a very good learning tool .
 this leap pad book is excellent my 3 year old loved it i think she learnt a lot with this one
 We have several LeapPad books but this one gets the most use . The games are simple enough that my daughter , age 2 , can play with very little help . It keeps her attention . I noticed recently she had picked up several Spanish words and can count to 10 in Spanish . Our Dora selections , including this one , have paid off .
 Dora is a hit in my household . If your child enjoys Dora , you wo n't be disappointed in this fun little book . This book teaches lots of vocabulary both English and Spanish . It 's a fun book for little kids . My younger brother loved this book a lot ; I hope you will like it to .
 A wonderful book for your Dora fan because it uses the actual Dora voices and songs . Great activities for your young one .
 This book covers 21 nursery rhymes , and is much nicer than the book which goes with the regular Leap Pad . Except for one , the songs are sung by Leap , Tad , or Lily , and the childrens voices are a vast improvement on the quavering high pitched voice on the other book . Nice responses , and games for your toddler -- my 2 1/2 year old really likes the book , and liked to sing along . They can learn about pretending to be a rhyme character , and also learn rhyming words which are highlighted as vocabulary when they point to objects and in the games . As compared to the Mother Goose Songbook , there is no option to listen to just one instrument at a time , or even to an instrument only version , but that is not much missed for a toddler .4 stars on the durability , since the leap pad as a whole is much too sensitive to be a toddler toy ! This one also shuts off if the cartridge is jiggled , though the pen seems slightly sturdier than the green LeapPad , and its great that the flip books snap on to the pad for easier play .
 My daughter takes speech therapy and one of the things they work on is rhyming . She just could not seem to get this concept down . I was at Toys R Us and since she loves her My First Leap Pad so much I was going to get her a new book . I saw this one and thought we will give it a try . By that afternoon something had clicked and she understand how to rhyme ! It is now 6 months later and this is both hers and my favorite of the books that are out there for this system . I would have to say that I prefer the Leap books over the character books such as Dora and Disney Princess they just do n't seem to be as interesting or educational . If you are going to add to your Leap Pad library this is a must !
 This one has a lot of fun games in a wide range of types.It has lots of the `` guess which animal/person/thing I 'm thinking of '' games ... which are my daughter 's favorite.It also has a lot of pages about letter sounds and rhyming.Good addition to your leap library .
 The toy is fun and educational but the cartridges are easily lost and the pen stopped working after 3 months , probably because my kid was rough with it . If your child is tough on toys , this one wo n't last long .
 ... but it was n't one of her favorites . It more or less introduces kids to a number of nursery rhymes , teaching them some reading , singing and rhyming skills . Nevertheless , with regards to learning these three skills , my daughter much preferred the `` There 's a Wocket in My Pocket '' My First LeapPad Book . This latter book is based on the work of Dr. Seuss , who is still the master when it comes to entertaining kids as you educate them about reading and rhyming .
 This , like the other LeapPad books , is great fun for little ones . While my little one prefers princesses , she can get into these activities and keep busy with educational fun for some time on her own -LRB- helps with independent play time -RRB- .
 My daughter loves her leapPad books , and i 'll bet your 2 , or 3 year old will too . Kids can click on pages in the books , and the items on the page tell a story , make a sound , and generally engage your child in active learning of letters , words , and colors.Very educational , very cute .
 We got this book last year with the My first leap pad and a few other books . Our son did ` nt take to the Tad or Leap books and we have 4 different ones of Tad and Leap that have went unplayed with since last Christmas . They are really great , they actually have more games , songs and learning activites than any of the other books like Bob the Builder and Thomas the Train.Our son however likes the cartoon figures so Thomas the train , Bob the Builder and Dora are some of the only ones he liked.I still give this book 4 stars - its a good book for the my first leap pad .
 Amazon , I am a retired Engineer and a Model Train Hobbyist . There is something very important missing from your ads regarding Hobby items . The Bachman train crossing set is a good likeness of the originals . There are so few of these -LRB- different brands -RRB- on the market so Bachman has the edge . Here is my complaint on this ad . There is no mention of the workings of the item such as electrical hook up yes or no . Are there any Electronics with it ?????? I think you miss a larger market on things like this because everyone wants things to up and down in and out and make noise.Thank you for listening and take this serious , it 's not only Model Railroading ... etc that the same thing applies ... Customer Gale Brown @ galebrwn@yahoo.com
 I bought this as a gift for my nephew . He has a train layout with his brothers . He loved it . It 's a good value and a great addition to the train collector
 Bought this for my son . He loves it . Encourages him to use his imagination . Not very sturdy though . My son is 5 years old and i have to remind him to be careful not to break them . So far , it 's been 4 months , and he has n't broken them . = -RRB-
 This set is to scale and fit well in my train set . Just a little paint on the signs and they were quite realistic .
 Received quickly looks good , the item was set to scale with train set very happy with purchase , will so business again .
 Cute and simple use for all HO scale trains . But nephew was excited to use immediately because there is no required assembly
 Great little detail for any HO model train layouts which adds realism to your model railroad street and town scenes .
 magic the gathering is a great strategy game . With hundreds of thousands of different card to create your own personalized decks give the player almost limitless potabilities to create the game they want to play . kinda pricey after a while but well worth it . Fat packs are alway nice because they come with amazing multiple deck boxed with great artwork on them , and a players guide to the series . eight , fifteen card packs and a twenty sided die for keeping track of your life . If you buy these cards and do n't like them send me a buzz . I love the game
 I am very pleased with the way the car works . Adding this to my collection of U.S. Army train cars is exactly why I purchased this train car . The product was delivered by the seller in proper packing & delivered on time .
 My daughter loves these . I got her one for her fifth birthday , and she wanted another , so she did extra chores for me to buy her a new , different , one . Then , on her sixth birthday , I tried to get her one , but I couldnt find them anywhere , and she was very disappointed , so when I finally found them , 2mos after her birthday , I gave a new , different one to her for her 6 +2 mos birthday . I dont know why she loves them so much , but she does , and she has three . She says they 're fraternal triplets . She has a brunette one in a purple dress , a blonde one in a blue dress , and a blonde one in a pink dress .
 This was the number one gift on my daughter 's list to Santa . She saw it on tv and at toysrus . A friend told me that Sam 's Club had the same castle only it came with the princess , the pauper , and the prince too . So we headed off to Sam 's and were fortunate enough to get one as they were flying off the sales floor within minutes . Upon carefully inspecting it I discovered it was not identical to the one in toysrus . The castle from Sam 's had the elevator ... so , I was prepared to haul it back if my daughter was not completely satisfied . Sure enough Christmas morning she immediately pointed a difference . Twenty minutes later ... it would not have mattered which one Santa left because she was `` enchanted '' .
 Now , I love this castle set . I got it for my cousins and I for our Pop Pop 's house . We set it up and then we started playing . Now , after we came back , my cousins had ruined the nice little furniture set up , and my Grandfather 's digs had chewed up the key to the door ...
 My girls love this castle . It is quite lovely . Each room is so charming and fun . My only complaint is that it states in the description that there is a real working elevator . My castle does not have one . I went to other web sites to see if they described the castle the same and they did . I called the number on the box and the customer service rep just said her description did not say anything about an elevator . Overall though there are so many other beautiful aspects to the castle that my kids did not notice .
 What can I say ? My daughter LOVES this castle . The music is sweet and all the details are adorable . I like that she can close it up and stash her dolls .
 I gave it an overall 4 because my 4 year old adores it.I question it 's durability because 3 days after she opened it , the music from the bell does n't work , anything you put in the drawers has to be wrestled out again , and the wand that the instructions tell you to hide behind the clock is stuck there.I also think the piano could have played more than 1 phrase .
 My girls were so happy when they saw this castle under the christmas tree . They have played with it every day since , and Ihave had no problems of anything breaking or falling off . Thecastle is very pretty . The reason we chose this was the fact that I have two girls and this is large enough for the both of them to use at the same time . It comes with two beds and three chairs . There is plenty to keep them occupied without fighting over space . My little one gets so excited when she pulls the string to make the wedding bells ring . As far as my girl are concerned , Santa gets an A + .
 This castle was at the top of my 6 year olds wish list . From the moment she opened it on Christmas morning , she has been mesmorized ! This castle is colorful and full of little surprises in every room ! There is a tiny birdbath , a little satin pillow with cascading curtains for the bed , complete tiny sets of dishes and silverware , a magical mirror where the princess and her pets can be put in place and twirled around for veiwing and the little piano really plays music ! There are so many neat features in this toy castle that I was having fun putting it together ! It took me almost an hour to assemble some of the features and place all the cute little stickers in the right places , but it certainly was not difficult . The castle ships assembled , but there are smaller peices that need to be attached with a great set of directions . I did however , snap off a small tab when inserting a balcony and was relieved that there was enough reinforcement to compensate my error . All and all , the joy my daughter is getting out of this is very satisfying . Not only has she been playing out the scenes from the movie , she is using her imagination and has come up with some exciting story lines of her own . I believe this castle will be cherished for years to come . I appreciate that Amazon allows their customers to rate the products , as this is what helped me in my final purchase . Even though I was hesitant to order during the busy Holiday season , Amazon shipped my order pronto and it arrived packed carefully and in excellent shape . Overall , this toy is a great investment for a childs imagination to come to life .
 * This item -LRB- and others -RRB- arrived at my home `` Bullet Quick '' , I was nothing short of impressed , especially since it was Christmas Time ... I could n't believe how BIG it was when it arrived ... much larger then I thought.I KNOW My Granddaughter will Love this . It has so many different rooms , its sure to hold her attention for a Long Time and the soft musical tune the castle plays is very nice . . All in All I 'm Very Pleased
 I was reading thru the reviews and found that some people thought there would be an elevator ! I thought I was the only one ! I believed from product descriptions and television commercials that there would be an elevator . A working elevator or not , I was n't sure but I believed there would actually be an elevator , but there is no elevator . Just some stairs , and in many descriptions it says `` Real working elevator '' and yet nothing.Other than that I think the castle is great , I have had no problems with it at all , it does not fall apart easily as others have said . But I should say this
 My 5 year old daughter LOVES Princess and the Pauper Barbie and the Rapunzel Barbie . I bought this castle for her for Christmas and too noticed that every write up on the web mentions an elevator . After doing research I have found that this playset is identical to the Barbie of Swan Lake Musical Castle MINUS the `` elevator '' . It had a spiral staircase that when cranked by hand moved Barbie up . After reading the reviews of how Barbie ca n't stay on I am grateful they replaced the spiral elevator with a grand staircase .
 This was my daughter 's large christmas item and I must say that I am very impressed . The structure holds together very well . My favorite feature is that it folds up and stores in a space only about 6 inches wide ! But every inch has been used to enhance Barbie 's home . The beds fold up for more space , and it all folds out to create the illusion of more room than there really is . There are many small touches and decor that add to its elegance and charm . My daughter has not stopped playing with it yet . I was n't sure I wanted to spend that much on something built by Barbie -LRB- Mattel -RRB- , because their Barbie stuff tends to be cheap and disappointing , but whoever engineered this castle deserves some kind of award ! It was worth every penny .
 My 3 1/2 year old and 5 year old will not let me put this toy away , despite they have outgrown it 4 times over . They love the lights and the music . Hopefully by the time they are 18 I can store it away . Very sweet and NOT AN OBNOXIOUS toy like some of the other ones out there . Would recommend highly !
 My son has enjoyed this toy since he was about 2 months old . The lights and colors are wonderful . The songs are nice , and there 's enough variety that it is enjoyable for adults . As a young infant he would watch it and listen . As he learned to hold himself up while on his belly he continued to enjoy watching it and got stronger . He could mouth the pieces and feel them with his hands as well . I think his favorite piece is the star on top , whenever he sees its smile , he smiles . Once he was able to sit , he enjoyed taking the stars off . When he began crawling , this is the ONLY toy he would crawl back to when his attention was brought to it , this toy helped to cut down chasing after him . Now he is 11 months old and enjoys putting the stars back on . He walks around carrying the pieces and sometimes the post . He throws them a lot and this toy has held up very well . For all the time we have used it , it is still on the same set of batteries . He does not yet know his colors or size order , but I 'm sure this toy will help him learn those things as he grows . A great toy !
 My baby loves this toy ! I have purchased one for everyone I know is having a baby . It keeps him entertained for quite a while before getting bored .
 I purchased this toy when my son was 6 months , he has always liked it . When he was younger he used to just bang the stars together , and he likes to listen to the music it makes . He is now 13 months and has mastered taking the stars off and putting them back on . I would recommend this , for the price it is a great toy . It has been entertaining to my son for months now !
 My 5 month old son likes this toy . He loves the sparkly lights . What I do n't like about it is that there seems to be no `` off '' switch . I like to pick up the toys when we 're done playing with them . This toy constantly goes off whenever the toy basket is jostled or anything is placed on top . I think this toy is cute , but truth be told after being a mommy for only 5 months I 'm beginning to tire of all this electronic music in most toys . Bottom line
 This is a great toy . You could never tell my daughter has played with it as much as she has . Very durable ! Great learning toy for the younger kids that have n't figured out the different size rings .
 My two month old likes this toy . He enjoys the lights and the music . I do n't know how entertaining it will be when he is actually big enough to play with it , but I will keep it handy for now !
 I had this classic toy w/o lights and music when I was a little girl and loved it ! When I saw the `` Sparkling Symphony '' version before my baby was born I really wanted to get it , but held out until he was older . Now there is this new `` Classical Chorus '' version . This stacker is similar to the older but much more improved . It still plays 3 classical tunes and now 2 `` up-beat '' tunes . When the lights go off it appears that the star is singing to the music -- so cute ! When you push the star it makes a `` Ta-Da ! '' noise letting the child know `` you did it ! '' . I am so glad that I held out and ended up finding this one ! It was an instant hit with my little boy and it is educational too ! Great job Fisher Price ! I am buying this as a gift for a friends 's little guy turning 1 year old this weekend . I am so excited because I know he will be thrilled when he opens it !
 I read some people complianing of the music , does n't bother us a bit . Babies learn through repitition . Our son really likes to play with this in the dark , he claps like crazy when he sees it . I do wish it had an on/off switch though . I also like that it 's small and we can take it with us .
 This is a new version of a classic stacker toy . My baby has had it since she was 2 months old and has continued to play with it . It 's somewhat of an old stand by but I 'm glad it still interests her .
 We received this as a shower gift . Now my son is 5 months old . Since he was born , nothing captures his attention like this toy ! Whenever he is crying , this quiets him down instantly . Now he is learning to reach for it . He happily watches it and `` talks '' to it . I am so glad we have this toy !
 This toy has stayed in excellent condition through three children ! I am a childen 's photographer , so I have kids of all ages in and out of my home ... they all love it !
 my son loves this toy so so so so so much its great if you hve company over and you want to get away from the baby It defenetly is a must buy
 When I gave my two year old this frog , he said , `` I love him . He 's perfect . '' The frog 's very huggable and my little boy likes that he has fingers . I like the frog because it 's well made and colorful .
 the frog was a gift for a 2 years old baby girl , she likes it a lot
 This is my 2.5 month old daughter 's favorite toy , and has been since I first introduced it to her a couple weeks ago . The head is the perfect height for her to turn and look at on her back , and the first thing she was able to grab by choice was the antennae , which she loves to grab and bat at . She loves touching the head too , which sits off the floor so she can get her hand underneath . There are so many other things for her to discover with this , I 'm sure we 'll be playing with it for a long time .
 My 10 month old saw this in the store and had a fit till I put it in the basket . She has n't put it down since . She loves the noise you can make with all the legs and the bright colors are really eye catching for her . She chews on the antenna and drags it all over the house and it still looks like new .
 I just bought this toy for my 3 month old little girl . Originally we were looking for the Tummy Fun turtle , but we could n't find it at our store ... this one looked similar , so I got it instead.My daughter has n't let go of it since ! lolI also love the music feature !! WHAT A LIFESAVER !!! When we 're out for walks in the stroller and my little one gets upset I just turn it on , and it calms her and draws her attention back onto Lotty!I recommend this toy to ANYONE !!!
 Lotty was a gift from Santa to our 3 month old baby girl . She loves her . The antennae are absolutely mesmerizing . If we ca n't find a toy to make her smile then Lotty always does the trick . She is almost 5 months old and is still her favorite . One of the best toys we have received .
 Santa brought our -LRB- then -RRB- 5 month old Lotty for Christmas . She absolutely LOVES Lotty ! The antennae must be magical because that 's the first thing she reached for and of course put in her mouth . Even when she 's fussy , you can put Lotty on her tummy and give her kisses and she smiles and grabs the antennae and starts to play . She also likes to look at herself in the mirror on Lotty 's tummy . I would definitely recommend Lotty to anyone looking for a lovable and entertaining toy .
 I purchased Lotty for my four month old and she is infatuated at her antennae . The mirror on her tummy is really cute and the song is my favorite . . `` You are My Sunshine . ''
 My five month old daughter loves Lotty !! We lay Lotty on my daughters tummy and she can sit and play for a long period of time . She loves to play with the antenna and put them in her mouth . The front leg plays `` You are my Sunshine '' and the other legs have rattles or squeakers in them . It is the cutest toy . I highly recommend it .
 We asked dear old St. Nicholas to bring our daughter a bright , soft -LRB- she is incredibly soft -RRB- and cute plush toy for Christmas . Our five-month-old daughter is in love with Lotty . She loves to pull at Lotty 's antennas . We also will put Lotty on our daughter 's tummy and let her play that way . My only fear is ... that we will wear Lotty out with all the love she is getting , LOL !!!
 My 3 month old absolutely adores Lotty!I 'd have to agree that the antennae are magic - and hold baby 's attention for ages.It 's a great design . The size and shape means that even a baby that ca n't yet sit up can hold on to Lotty so you do n't have to keep picking up dropped toys.Unfortunately the musical feature on the left leg did n't work - instead of music we got a really annoying squeek/buzz that went on for hours -LRB- Hence only a 4 star rating -RRB- . Had to return Lotty twice . If my baby did n't love her so much I would have obtained a refund , but as the other features are so good I 'm prepared to keep giving it a chance and exchanging it until we get one that works !
 This model is great for anyone especially if you love history horses . The Seattle Slew model is great not only because of his neck thing of roses and his tall dark and handsome shape but because he was a TRIPLE CROWN WINNER ! He 's just an awsome model and would be a great addition to your collection . The only complaints I can think of are that you have to be very delicate with the flower thing or the flowers start falling off and Seattle Slew 's back left leg bends in a little bit which prevents him from standing on carpet evan though he can stand on a hard evan surface . Make sure to check out the models , War Admiral -LRB- Triple Crown Winner -RRB- and Seabiscuit to .
 This is a wonderful piece with the nice addition of Slew 's blanket of roses from his winning Kentucky Derby . The likeness is remarkable , the quality and attention to detail top-notch . Breyer horses have come a long way since I was a kid , that 's for sure ! Slew has an honored place next to Affirmed and Secretariat in my china cabinet .
 a quality replica of a quality horse . rip , ss . the wreath is a bit flimsy , buyer beware .
 I love the baby Annabell clothes ! They are super easy to take off and put on . This keeps me sane as my 4 year old daughter can dress her own baby instead of having me change her every 5 minutes ! The enclosures are velcro or easy snaps . My daughter is very proud of herself that she can take care of her own `` baby '' without my help . The nightlight really works but needs batteries .
 I have a weakness in my heart for Starscream and was throughly amused to see the availibility of this lovely poseable figure . Me , being one to love to draw is always looking for good models/reference material to work from . I figured not only would this make a great shelf ornament , he has helped quite a lot for my art.He has an interchangeable head -LRB- one with crown , one without -RRB- and hands for posing . One of plastic pegs holding in one of his hands broke right off and got stuck when I tried to change his hands for the first time . The joint itself was incredibly tight and could not be loosened first . Thankfully it was just a balled up fist hand , not the one holding Megatron so it was a bit of a bummer but no huge lose for me . Now the joint is easily moveable and and interchangeable again . All in all the toy is made from very durable plastic and wo n't break easily.All in all if you are careful when removing the hands/head for the first time this toy is a great edition to a Starscream fan 's collection . I gave him a rating for some educational value on the fact that I mentioned I enjoy drawing and he made a great model .
 Although these are less expensive at your local Cracker Barrel -LRB- if you have one -RRB- , this little toy is a great addition for an office where seriousness is all too often the overarching theme . Pokey gives children visiting an office something they gravitate towards immediately . -LRB- Cracker Barrel has a similar pokey for about $ 2 less -RRB- . Of course , you can also give this to a child as a gift , but I think the best use is for men over 40 who have childhood memories , and who need a minor diversion from time to time in their office.Get a Gumby too .
 Bought for husband for Christmas , he loved it.Bought for husband for Christmas , he loved it.Bought for husband for Christmas , he loved it .
 We were fortunate enough to locate this figuring on Amazon after searching for it in the stores . Now Gumby has his faithful companion . It arrived quickly and in perfect condition .
 I remember getting this toy for my children many years ago . I could n't wait to get one for my grandson . He likes to put Gumby in the riding position .
 It 's Pokey , what more can you say ! He arrived quickly and in good condition . Would recommend this Pokey from Toysmith .
 Pokey is a great gift for anyone who grew up watching Gumby . Fun toy for kids too but will hold enough memories for many adults that it could be a gift for nearly anyone ! Nice desk toy too !
 My kids love the old Pokey and Gumby shows so imagine their surprise when they received their own Pokey ! This is great for imagination play !!
 I ordered this Pokey to complete my set ... you know ... Gumby and Pokey ? Obviously I do n't `` play '' with it . It came in great condition and was delivered promptly .
 There is flat black , matte black , gloss black , and this is NATO black . I would say it has a hint of blue in it . When painting models , especially when a black is needed , using different shades can add interest to a model . This is one more shade of black to improve your modeling visually .
 I bought this set mainly because of its sale price , when it arrived I was really impressed with the overall quality of the playset . So much so that I immediately ordered another , it seems to be a great value at the current sale price , I highly recommend it to anyone interested in this type of playset . I bought this item with the intention of giving to Toys 4 Tots , so I ca n't give you any feedback of its actual play value in the hands of a child , but I feel this item will give hours of quality play time in the hands of an imaginative child . I also recommend that you get the Rhino Rescue playset , it is also currently on sale , it is of same great quality .
 My 6 yr old and 3 yr old grandsons play with this together making up all kinds of rescue scenarios as they play.It is an impressive toy and well worth the money
 I bought this tent for my 3 month old baby 's first trip to the beach . I was pleased by the size of the tent -LRB- she could lay out lengthwise , and I could sit next to her with my feet crossed inside the tent -RRB- , and the fact that it zips completely closed to keep out bugs -LRB- one of very few tents I could find that did that -RRB- . I also liked that it is SPF rated , and folds into a compact bag for travel . The only drawbacks of the tent are that it 's difficult for one person to assemble alone , and unless the sun is directly overhead it comes in through the `` windows '' of the tent , therefore requiring me to drape a towel over that side of the tent . Overall , I am pleased with the tent and would recommend it - it is a very good value for the price .
 Good tent for little ones at the beach . Bigger than I anticipated , needs to be weighted down in windy conditions . My baby slept in it without difficulty and he remained cool .
 I bought this for my grandchildren while we were at the beach . I was very pleased at the quality and convenience of this cabana . I would definitely recommend this product . The only negative thing I could see was it was n't quite big enough if you have more than one child .
 Children love tents and this one met all our expectations . It fits on top of a bed or on the floor . It 's big enough for two kids , but made for one child to sleep in on his or her own bed . It was a gift to my 7-year old granddaughter , and she loved it .
 I bought this for my daughter because she has eye problems and we needed something for her when we went to the beach to shade her better than an umbrella . This is perfect . Plenty big , durable , easy set up and take down . We love it . Worth every penny !
 I bought this cabana for my one year old to use on our family beach trip . It was well worth the money . The cabana is light weight and is fairly easy to put up . Although my one year old would not go in the cabana alone there was enough room for me to sit inside with my legs out . I would recommend this cabana to anyone who wants shade for their small child .
 This item is great for the beach w / young children . It was a place for me to let my 10 month old son , eat , and sleep while on the beach safley ! It is kind of small for playing especially for two children but works great for a quick place for children to nap , snack , or take a break for the sun !! Also easy to cary and put together . I does take alot to hold down though when on the beach .
 I ordered this item as a beach cabana for my family 's use , on the Amazon website there is no mention of the opened dimensions and the photo does not include people for reference so I thought it was a lot larger . When I received it the box states its size as 60 '' x 36 '' wide and 40 '' tall , not really big enough for beach use except by children . It 's a very cute little tent , would be great for indoor use , just be aware if you 're looking for a beach cabana this is probably smaller than you 're looking for .
 My kids ages 4 and 1 love this tent . We have used it at the beach and in the house . It stands up to them being wild in it , zips tight to avoid bugs -LRB- for playing outside in the buggy season -RRB- , and folds up small . An adult and 2 kids are a bit tight in it , but for the kids it is fun .
 My daughter and I love this tent . Very light but sturdy , very easy to put together . It is the perfect size for our living room . It can be opened widely so light can go in . And it is very easy to zip up , my 3.5 yrs old can do it herself . It is just a fun toy to have and another little room of her own .
 we just got back from a vacation in Cancun . we have three children , ages 2.5 -LRB- twins -RRB- and 7 mos old baby . This cabana was a life-saver . It was great protection from the heat and sun , had plenty of room and was very easy to pack and assemble . The SPF treated fabric gave me piece of mind , when my baby was napping in the tent . There was plenty of air circulation , and when it was placed in the shade the baby stayed nice and cool . The tent was the perfect size . My baby had tons of room to lay out and sleep or play . My twins both fit , with plenty of room and took their afternoon nap in there . I even got in w / the baby a time or two and had plenty of room to rock her , and nurse her in there ! The tent was a great size when folded , easy to pack in our luggage . Setting it up the first time by myself was a bit tricky , but after that if my husband and i set it up together , we were able to do it in just a minute ! This tent was a life-saver and well worth the money ! Definitely a 5 star product !!!
 My 4 year old slept in it 3 night straight . Unfortunately , it is kinda small . I do n't think it can fit 2 kids comfortable for play . I laid in it and it only fit my upper body . : - -RRB-
 used this for a week down the shore with our 6 week old ... placed his whole carrier carseat in it to keep him out of sun and sand ... worked great ... very simple to put together and take apart ... only thing that could have been a problem , but wasnt for us , was that you need somehting in there to weigh it down from the wind ... the carseat was heavy enough that we didnt have to worry . but i could see this being frustrating if you have just a toddler lying down in there , so just throw a book , folded up towel , shoe , etc inside each corner and it should work like a charm .
 We got it for my husband 's niece . She loves it a lot . Her grandfather reads bedtime stories to her inside the tent.Me and my husband can comfortably sit with his 5 yrs old niece.Its very stable .
 Beach fun ! I have not got to use this yet but it looks pretty cool and I ca n't wait to use it .
 buy this tent for my son and loved it , is excellent material and durable , they can buy it for the beach but also for interior cool as it is a little warm , but a very good material is complete
 Awesome tent for indoors or out ! My kids have it set up in the family room all the time and carry it out when it 's nice outdoors for play
 We got this tent for our daughters , age 2 1/2 . They play in it every day for several hours . This goes well with their play kitchen . I put a blanket at the bottom and they love playing their toys in the tent . The size fits both of them comfortably . It also has the front zipper that can be closed completely and my girls love that feature . The tent is 40 inches tall so they can stand up at the middle of the tent . We placed it in our living room and it works out great . The materials are nice . The structure is sturdy for an indoor use . I do n't think this will work well outdoor as it only has one small sand pocket on each side of the tent . It wo n't be enough to hold down the tent if it 's windy outside .
 Decent little tent that did what I needed it to . I used it to keep my baby out of the sun when we went to the beach on vacation . It was a little warm inside , but we used 2 solar powered camping fans to keep him cool . Definitely weight it down , it is very light . We just piled all our beach bags in there and it was no big deal at all . Pretty roomy . I could 've gotten in there to nurse him if I had wanted . Bright green ! Easy to put together and overall pretty good product .
 I have had this tent for three years in two different homes . We have taken it on lake trips , beach trips , camping trips , indoor fort time , and eventually set it up as a permanent bedroom fixture . My 12 year old can get in and read stories to my toddler . It is perfect for a shady snack time on the beach . It rolls up and stores easily . Is extremely durable . Great price , great quality , lots of fun . Many hours of play , rest , sleep , quiet time , make believe . Well worth it !
 I have had this tent for over a year and it has held up very well . It fits my 4 and 2 year old , as well as some toys and blankets . They love to play and nap in it indoors . In the summer , I take it out to the garden with books and toys so that they can be close at hand while escaping the direct sun and the bugs . This has been a great tent for us . The only thing I do not like is this
 My family and I just got back from a Florida vacation . I bought this tent to give my 8 month old some relief from the sun , which it did . But it also kept her from eating the sand and gave me a little time to lay out and not worry about her crawling off !! The only thing that would have made it better would be a pad for the bottom and maybe some toys attached to the sides , although she was pretty busy trying to figure out how to escape -LRB- she never did -RRB- . I plan on using it in the yard while my older kids are outside playing . She may be the only one who comes in with no bug bites !
 My 7yr old daughter has had a blast with this tent . Its a great indoor play house , for her and all her dolls . Set up is easy and its durable .
 We bought this tent for our 2 year old and put it in the corner of our living room . He loves to get in , zip the zipper closed and look at books . It 's also great because we can put all of his toys in it and they 're out of sight . Great item !
 I chose this tent for my 9 year old daughter to play in indoors but it can be used outdoors as well for UV protection in the summer . It has extremely easy and quick assembly as well .
 One of the best cap gun products I 've ever purchased . My grandsons love it as it is easy to load and easy to fire . It is also sturdy enough for hours of western play . Those mountain lions have n't got a chance against a buckoroo with this old tex rifle . Well worth my investment .
 I got this for my 8 year old son for Christmas . 9 months later , it is still one of his favorite toys , despite the scope having broken off after about 6 months . We glued it back on once and it came off again several weeks ago . The only problem we 've had -LRB- aside from the scope -RRB- is that he has trouble getting the cap rings out by himself -LRB- I 'm sure if he 'd quit biting his nails and let them grow it 'd be easier -RRB- . So he usually comes to me to help him get the old ring out . I 'm happy that it has held up as well as it has considering it is a plastic gun that has seen lots of use !
 Best Cap Gun we 've played with because you load a round of 12-shot ammo and fire away ! The hammer hits hard and the gun fires loud with 12 consecutive shots . Load properly and this cap gun will last for years . A definite favorite made in Spain.www.thecandlestickmaker.com
 Attractive toy rifle . You can not play rough with this toy as it is very light weight . The caps have to be ordered and the freight makes them expensive .
 my grandson enjoyed this for hours but was broken by a friend a few weeks after getting it . would get another but hoping we are coming out of the gun phase .
 this gun was more than we expected and my son just loves it ... his dad was impressed with it also .
 I like wooden blocks anyway , but I must say , this is a particularly nice set . Great variety of shapes and sizes .
 Was bought for an adult to display in his party room works very well for that . They are small and fit on the only available shelves he had . Received quixker than expected
 I absolutely love these fangs . I just got them and they are already customized and drying . The fit nicely and the apoxy goop is great . It 's much better than the -LRB- many -RRB- other sets of theatrical fangs I have purchased . These were quick to set and look better than I had hoped . I had no problems at all and I will without a doubt recommend this brand to anyone else interested in some nice , great looking , easy to use fangs.Without a doubt , these are the best fangs I have ever bought . No complaints at all .
 this item is perfect as described . . easy to figure out how to do . They were shipped super fast and I would definitely buy from this seller again .
 This is my second pair of lovebites , and they still rock ! I lost one of the first set at a party ... oops ! Always fast shipping from Planetcostume !
 I absolutely loved this item ! The fangs looked very realistic and were easy to handle . While wearing them , I did n't have any trouble talking , nor chewing gum -LRB- although the latter is not recommended -RRB- . I highly recommend them !
 these fangs ROCK !! they are very realistic and easy to use !! they stay in when you talk . . and the `` lisp '' goes away after a few days of practice : -RRB-
 I was skeptical about the customization process and how well the fangs were going to stay in , but I must say they definitely exceeded my expectations . The first fang went in fine but I had some minor problems with the second and needed the extra molding kits . Everyone was weirded out by how realistic they looked and they felt very natural as well . A must have accessory to any vampire outfit .
 These fangs are great ! I got these small ones and they were almost too big for my teeth but they looked better after I molded them . They were easy to customize and stay on wonderfully . I would highly recommend these , they are very realistic looking .
 Good value . Could wear all evening , drink and smoke and talk normally . No drool factor and fit my smaller teet perfectly . Had to do a second fitting to assure a really really tight fit but it was worth it . Best if fitted several days before the first time worn out to assure you have a nice fit .
 Loved this item . They work perfectly ! Took two times to get them to stay in place , but it was worth it . They look real too ! They were used in a photo shoot and looked awesome in the photos .
 I ordered these to use in live performances -LSB- ... -RSB- They are great , stayed in all night and looked realistic . Just follow the instruction on the packaging and you cant go wrong .
 I was a vampire this year and decided to try the individual fangs like my friend had back in highschool . The night of Halloween , I scared my boyfriend 's nephew and shocked others because they were n't expecting the teeth ! I dressed in normal clothes to really throw people off and when they asked me what I was , I would hsss at them and give them a spook . I got a lot of compliments and questions on The only draw back was that it was difficult to eat -LRB- I had to take them out -RRB- and that they eventually rub the inside of your mouth raw after a long period time of wear .
 The fangs come in a heart box with 4 powder capsules and adhering liquid . You may only need 2 capsules , but they provide an extra 2 for refitting . Mine did n't come with a mixing stick as indicated , so I used the plastic of a Q-tip after cutting off one end . Mixing was very easy . 5 drops to one capsule . Plenty of time to place mixture on fang and place on tooth . I followed directions and leaned back and waited 5 minutes . Worked very well . Just as the directions said , it would be hard to get out the first time , but dislodged after dedicated wiggling . The 2nd one did n't fit as tightly , so I used a 3rd capsule , exactly as indicated , extra capsules are included if you do n't get it right the first time . They stayed in all night with no problem -LRB- 6 + hours -RRB- . Other people who used the hot water kind did not have success , and others could n't talk . I could talk fine . I was worried about drinking red wine , but the fangs did not discolor . The liner did , but not terribly noticeable . Would definitely recommend these . Do n't procrastinate the fitting , though . The directions indicate the liner cures for 24 hours after fitting . A + product for including additional supplies and detailed accurate directions .
 The fangs themselves were excellent and easy to mold , not at all like those horrible mouth guards for those of you who play -LRB- ed -RRB- sports.One note for new buyers , after molding the teeth ; once your ready to push the fang off with your bottom teeth , and once you hear the crack use your fingers to wedge it out gently . I heard a faint crack but I thought I had misheard and I kept pushing with my teeth and the fang and the molding came apart but I quickly jammed it into the fang and it stuck to it again . And push one fang at a time.The shipment was quick and easy and came only a few days after I ordered it which was a wonderful surprise!The only problem I faced was that when the product came , the heart shaped box had cracks running down the front of the plastic lid . It was n't such a big deal , so I did n't attempt to return it . Basically everything was up to standards except the lid which was a mini disappointment but for the fangs , it was all worth it and at such a amazing price ! These come highly recommended for Halloween AND for the rest of the year ; -RRB-
 I wore these to my phlebotomy class and they did n't fall out once . Do n't worry I took them out and washed my hands before the procedures . I was able to close my mouth which I could n't do with normal fangs . They are cute and sexy .
 Love Bites Fangs From PlanetcostumeThese are GREAT & Very easy to customize . The color does match my teeth real good & they are perfect for a small mouth ! The only thing I would change would be the little bottle the `` drops '' come in ... you ca n't reseal it so whatever you do n't use you ca n't save .
 these are worth double the price ... i wore them this halloween and got a million compliments at the NYC village parade . My own friends were questioning if i actually got my real teeth filed ... they went on so easy and stayed on no problem all night i was drinking and smoking and not an issue whatsoever excellent product and extremely easy to put on / use
 This product is FANTASTIC ! I have two sets now !! They can really spice up a night in ... or out ... I would recommend to anyone who is looking for something more subtle than the larger fangs found elsewhere ... Planetcostume Delivered very quickly and had a great customer service department ! THANK YOU !
 You ca n't really see it from the images given , but these are shaped like a pointed cap that go over your incisor teeth . On the front , the cap goes all the way up to your gum line . The point covers your tooth entirely , and on the back it goes about halfway up.I wore these to a halloween party . I had read the reviews and decided NOT to use the powdered stuff that came with them to bond the fangs to my teeth . Instead I went to the drugstore and bought some denture cream . The good news is that the denture cream worked and the fangs did n't try to come off at all during the party -LRB- though I certainly could move them around if I wanted to -RRB- . The other good news is that they looked great . I mean REALLY great . They were a beautiful match to my teeth and did n't slide off.The bad news is that they did n't fit my husband 's teeth very well . His kept trying to fall off . I think I just was lucky enough to have the right shape and sized teeth for them to go over . So if you 're planning to wear these , you should buy them ahead of time and make sure they fit you.The other bad news is that having fangs is n't really very comfortable -LRB- I mean , even if you had real ones -RRB- . You ca n't fully bite down - or at least I could n't . I imagine it depends on your bite , but I have a pretty `` normal '' bite ... Eating anything that requires actual chewing is very difficult . Drinking is ok -LRB- though I stayed away from red wine , in case it stained them -RRB- . Depending on what you 're planning to do , these may be minor inconveniences or a big deal . Plan accordingly .
 I love these fangs there so realistic and they fit perfectly . I 've always wanted a pair of realistic looking fangs for halloween and these ones are exactly it !
 i bought these because it said it was great for small teeth and being i have small teeth and a small mouth i thought id give it a try . well they fit great look great and feel great ! they loook sooo realistic the feel and look especially . it was quite easy to mold and when i dont have them in i feel odd bc they are that comfy !! id deff recommend these for anyone who wants a nice comfy life like pair of fangs !
 The Scarecrow Vampire Fangs arrived on time in wonderful condition . The directions seem a little overwhelming at first , but do n't worry they provide a YouTube video name . The video walks you through what you need to know and makes it easy to understand . Pay attention to the warnings on the back about what drinks will discolor the teeth and other do 's and dont 's . Overall fun toy .
 After the process of setting them -LRB- tedious , but easy -RRB- they fit perfect every time i snap them in . They dont wiggle and look great ! Match my teeth color perfectly , and I have by no means the brightest smile ! I definitely recommend these !
 The molding goop is a little tough to get accustomed too . The first tooth I molded stuck out too far . I noticed that I needed to put more of the molding goop at the back of the tooth than the front to get it to fit right . The second one I did worked great . If you 're a little nervous about screwing up a tooth , order two packs and then you 'll have a back up just in case . The one that molded well stayed on all night and was easy to pop on and off so I could eat and drink . The one that did n't mold well still stuck on , I just had to pay more attention to it to make sure it did n't fall off .
 I guess I should have checked first but I started the process -LRB- opened the capsule and put the drops in -RRB- and then realized there was no mixing stick as mentioned in the instructions . I struggled to find something appropriate to use and ended up having a hard time . One tooth set well , the other I may need to redo . The fangs look very realistic though , they are slightly more yellow then my teeth but I use whitening stuff . So far they are comfortable but I have n't worn them for any length of time . My teeth & mouth are very small and the fangs appear to fit just fine and look appropriately sized . When ordering I was worried the fangs would be too small but if they were any bigger they would look too big in my mouth.I would recommend these to females and children but men may want something bigger/more dramatic .
 The fangs were actually a little bit small for my K9s and I did n't like the look of them on my incisors so I fit them for the K9s . There is a bit of a gap at the top of my tooth because they do n't quite reach my gum line and they stick out a bit far from my tooth . They do look very good if you do n't look at my gum line and they are very secure on my teeth . The smell of the mold is a bit strong but I think if I leave them out the smell will dissipate . Overall they are a good product and will make a great addition to my Halloween costume
 It took some research , but these are great . They are the `` subtle '' or `` small '' fangs from scarecrow and are perfect for smaller teeth . I did these on my uppers and lowers because the subtle werewolf combo pack they offer comes with a pair of regular `` classic '' fangs and were just too big . They look great . This set comes with the powder and the mixing gel , but not the little snap case or the mixing sticks . Not a big loss . find any old little container to mix and stir with a toothpick . I carry mine in a contact lens case anyway , so I can easily tell which side is which . Very much worth the money .
 I bought these as a Halloween costume . The instructions on getting them formed to my mouth were easy to follow , the color was about right -LRB- a LITTLE too yellow for me , but not bad at all -RRB- , and they looked natural . I mean , natural for vampire teeth . My kid is really bummed they do n't come in her size .
 Really enjoyed these fangs . Easy to use . Was kind of annoying to mold them to teeth because you have to hold it in place for a while . First fang was easy to mold to the tooth but the second one I had to try two times before I got it right . These are a good size for females . They are also a more natural color for the average ` nonmovie star ' . I wanted to be Jess Hamby for Halloween from ` True Blood ' and these were a great addition to the costume . They were easy enough to snap in and out that I could do so before and after eating . I would recommend these .
 They 're a great size and color , at least for my purposes , and they look fantastic once properly in place.On the down side , my product did NOT include the wooden mixing stick that it was supposed to have . Moreover , the process of attaching the fangs is very difficult , even when trying to follow the instructions . It took me 45 minutes to get it right when it should have taken 20 minutes or so . Also , it says you are to remove the fangs after half an hour so that the once-gooey cast remains on your tooth while the plastic fang comes off -LRB- which can also be reattached , they say -RRB- , but , following their instructions , the cast came off as well.On the plus side , even though the cast came off with the fang , the fang + cast still continued to fit snugly on my teeth whenever I wanted to put them on during the rest of the evening and even two days later . You can remove the cast -LRB- made out of an epoxy -RRB- from the fangs , so I wonder why they do n't make them reusable such that you just buy more epoxy . The fangs themselves are just hard plastic and could last .
 I wore these to work on Halloween 2011 and everyone was surprised at how well they remained it and how real they looked . They fit well . These are to be the `` small '' fangs . I could n't imagine the fit of regular size love bites fangs . These small ones fit perfectly . I would recommend following an instructional video for fitting them . Great Product !
 So glad I ordered these instead of the usual sized fangs because they are the perfect size . Blend in perfectly with the rest of my teeth and look very real . The only issue is that my packaging did n't come with stir sticks so I had to improvise . Make sure you wait the full amounts of time listed on the instructions and DO NOT tamper with them until after sitting for 24 hours . Once that 's over you can cut the excess off carefully with a nail clipper and file gently .
 These are great , everybody loved them , they kept complimenting me at the party and telling me how real they looked . Really easy to set as well . Get it !
 I bought these fangs for Halloween and they really made a great impression . Once you get them in they stay put until you take them out . I got a lot of compliments and comments about how authentic they looked.The only trouble I had was mixing the bonding material and placing the teeth in . I used up all of the bonding material trying to mold them the first time .
 These fangs are awesome . Relatively easy to mold to your teeth , clip in and out just like they say they will . I wear them a lot and they 're still going strong ! Ca n't eat with them of course , but you can sure bite with them ! : -RRB-
 I ordered two pair - one for me and one for a friend . They arrived exactly on time . It took her about ten minutes to get the teeth in , and about twenty-ish for me , but that 's because I 'm picky . They look -LRB- and feel ! -RRB- very real with the color and texture . We both have four teeth in between the fangs and they look awesome . They feel a little weird when you first put them in , and a little loose , but really they 're stuck pretty good ! These are great . I 'd definitely recommend them . Great product . = D
 I could n't believe how good these looked when I got them nor how easy they were to put on ! They fit on very easily and held all night ! Always a surprise since I have a small mouth and little teeth . I can see how easily these pop in and out ! They will quickly become a favorite accessory of mine!Don ' t think about it , just get them !
 I was skeptical about this product , and when I bought it , I figured that if they did n't work , I was only out a little bit of money . Well ... was I surprised ! They are incredible ! The customizing process was very easy to do , and the fangs are a perfect fit ! I 'm all set for Halloween !! These were a GREAT buy !
 If you are a female or just looking for little fangs , these are great . I originally bought them for my Selene costume and they were perfect . I still fit snug when I wear them on occasions that require costumes and goth clubs , just do n't eat or drink with them in as they can pop off .
 Love Bites Small Fangs are good price , easy to use , and they look EXCELLENT ! Not too big , and not too small , and very comfortable to wear . I would definately recommend these !
 I love these fangs . It was so easy to put the adhesive in and they were very easy to put on to my own teeth . Plus they come in a cute heart shaped box ! I would definitely recommend these to people who do n't want huge fangs and for those who just want something cute and subtle
 These little biters looked quite real and stayed on for a long time with relative ease . Easy to put on and take off repeatedly as wished . Minimal to no discomfort . Take them off to eat as directed . Are these for kids ? -- My 9 year old daughter had no difficulty with them either , even though her teeth are in varied stages of growth and I was worried they were going to be too tiny to make a good casting or hold the prosthetics on . She and I had no problem whatsoever in wearing them . Company has very clear directions on youtube and on their website . I will be able to use these for years.The prosthetic tooth is like a little cup which you fill with molding compound . The first time I tried making one it took a a bit of figuring to get the molding compound correctly into the tooth cup and then a couple of tries to push the prosthetic cup with the compound shoved into the real tooth .
 These fangs worked out perfectly . I used them on my 9 year old daughters laterals , since her canines are baby and super small . They worked perfect . Her laterals are rotated and the fangs were similar to a veneer making her laterals look straight .
 This is an adorable toy !!! The mouth , feet , and and hands move . Is a little smaller than picture but is unbelivebly furry and his hands and feet feel like suede . Even has little cut-out paw prints on the pads of feet and a sticky-outtie tounge ! Eyes are yellowish-green . Is exellent in mobility . Great for story-telling !
 I love big fat cats . We have 2 real ones at home . When we had our daughter last year I knew we had to get her a big stuffed cat but could n't find any really cute ones . When I saw this guy I was smitten . It 's not just a stuffed animal but a puppet too ! I remember as a child absolutely loving puppets so 5 stars goes to this cute fat kitty !
 This puppet looks good enough to use on stage , but more importantly my little brother really loved it . He was two at the time and is now going on four and he still has this puppet . Our baby sister is starting to play with it now too . It 's as huggable as a stuffed animal , but you can make it talk and eat -LRB- not recommended -RRB- and practically come alive .
 I absolutely LOVE this cat ! It took me a little while to understand how to work the mouth but once i realized to work the lower mouth only his face became super expressive . This puppet is adorable . His arms AND legs can be moved from inside and I just love the wide range of facial expressions that can be made . I noticed one reviewer mentioning that he wished the kitty looked angrier but by moving the lower mouth up a bit you can definitely get that nasty kitty expression . I think most negative comments came from people who did n't attempt to work with the puppet long enough to realize it 's potential . I love it and so does my 3 year old son .
 My daughter -LRB- 15 mo old -RRB- first found this cat puppet at a toy store while we were on vacation and it has n't left her side since . I bought another from amazon.com as a back up in case she ever loses one . I would say that this is a very durable toy , especially since my daughter , for some reason , loves to bite out its fur . Any way , it 's an awesome toy that I think any toddler who likes cats would really love .
 The story that comes with this cat is amazing and my little boy carries him around everywhere - he is adorable and soft and has really brought joy to my child
 My 13 month old twin girls love this cat . The openings are plenty large enough for an adult to manipulate the puppet . They love petting the cat and listening to him purr ! He even plays peek-a-boo with them . They even like holding it just like any other stuffed animal .
 I bought this for my niece for her 4th birthday & she loves it ! She liked it better then all of the name brand toys she got . She takes it everywhere .
 Cute puppet . Kind of big for a small kid to work . The mouth is VERY hard for anyone to make it move . There are spaces to work all 4 paws as well . This picture s kind of deceiving as it appears to come with the `` cans of fish '' ... it does not . A little too furry . The fur hides some of the cat 's facial features .
 Based on some of the existing reviews , I was n't sure what to expect . However , the fluffy cat puppet was exactly as presented . Detailed body , and sweet face . His paws are very realistic with pink pads . Any cat lover will go nuts over this . Love it !
 I bought this hand puppet for my 3 year old grandson 's birthday . My daughter said that he loves it . It is well made and durable . It arrived very quickly . Thanks!Rita Roberts
 I was very happy when I received this toy ! It is much larger than I imagined it would be , and makes a fun toy for any child with a good imagination ! BUY it now , while the price is low !
 With electronic sounds and action features , this set will be loads of fun and include unlimited adventures for all . Set includes Adult and baby Rhino , two vets , HUMVEE truck with cage , and a jaguar . Hopefully Amazon will bring more of these items to the states for us .
 If your child or grandchild likes animals , this is a great set . The animals are very realistic and well made . The truck is very cute also . Although my grandson has outgrown this toy , he still enjoys playing with the animals sometimes .
 Bought this for my granddaughter who loves hummingbirds . We were both impressed with the quailty and how nice it looks . Great product and price .
 My 4 yr old daughter is in love with birds , but hummingbirds are her favorite . I was having trouble finding a plush toy of any kind in stores locally . When I saw this I was so happy because it actually looks like a real hummingbird would . She LOVES it . It fits her tiny finger just fine and she flies it all over the house . It is beautiful !
 My 6 year old loves hummingbirds and she just adores this mini puppet . It 's soft and is very well made !
 My granddaughter asked for a hummingbird after seeing the ones at my feeders . It 's got the right coloring and is quite durable , as are all puppets made by Folkmanis . Quality product .
 I was a little hesitant to buy this after the other reviewer said they had a problem with a smell . I am very sensitive to odors and worried about chemical out-gassing . I did not have any problems . Mine has no smell .
 My daughter loves anything Dora ! She is more interested in putting her clothes in the hamper now and that keeps her room cleaner . Yay !
 This puzzle was purchased at a resale store , so it was used , but my 2 1/2 year old son absolutely loves it . It was his introduction to jigsaw puzzles and he has since moved on to more difficult ones , but still comes back to play with this one . The durability is outstanding with the thick foam pieces , and has lots of colors to interest and also to help with beginners . I would highly recommend this to anyone , but especially to Thomas fans !!
 It 's by no means a toy . Anyway , day one-opened box and confused about plugs . Oh wow , the ac and the dc are both built into the unit . Cool . Plugged in for about 10 hours on ac and aired up our raft . So far so good . We 'll see how well it works in a year or two as the Coleman one we bought two years ago only worked like 3 times and it was dead after that . Wanted something made better so we 'll see how this stands up . Let charge overnite and worked fine . Aired up raft quickly . Also used to air up dog bed air mattress . They say to charge everyonce in a while even if you do n't use it or it wo n't hold a charge like other items I have .
 Reasonable price and good construction . It was a bit larger than I expected , especially for a smaller kid . I would say that these would fit a child 12 -18 yrs old . I gave these to another friend 's daughter and purchased Bike jr knee pads for my kids as they offer various sizes .
 These knee pads are great for the little girl just starting out . They fit perfectly for the skinny legs ! Sturdy material and good quality !
 My kids have played this several times since they received it for Christmas and it has helped them learn about the constellations .
 My daughter loves this bag . My 2yr . old straps the velcro diaper bag onto her doll stroller . Her favorite part of the set is the diaper and the baby powder that makes a rattling noise when shaken . Daily , she packs everything into the bag and then takes it out-examining the pieces each time . Would definitly recommend .
 This little bag is the perfect accessory to go along with the Corolle baby doll . My daughter loves her `` diaper bag '' and `` burp cloth '' and also loves to give her Corolle baby a bottle and change her diaper . The powder is a little dated -LRB- do n't think most people use this any more -RRB- but creative minds will easily come up with an alternative use for the powder bottle !
 the star wars 2007 30th anniversary `` Betrayal On Felucia '' figure battlepack offers durable likenesses of the clones on the planet Felucia in the movie Star Wars Revenge of The Sith . It also comes with a Jedi Knight complete with a lightsaber.You can take the helmet off of one of the troopers to reveal the true face of the clone soldier . Each comes with a powerful laser rifle and the squad is lead by a highly detailed commander as the other clones are very realistic looking too . The background scenery shows the planet Felucia whichthe clones are attached to as a backdrop . You can keep the clones in the diarama or remove them to play with . I find this to be a real work of art as these figures are sturdy and durable and very realistic looking - this is a must have for the ultimate Star Wars fan .
 These cards are nice but I wish it had more pictures to do with how we should dress during those seasons rather than some of the other ones they have.they made a nice little addition to our calender time but do n't really care for most pictures they chose to represent each season . Like two cards for fall are of the leafs -LRB- I 'd think one would be enough to show they change colors -RRB- and people hiking -LRB- not something many kids can relate to -RRB-
 I bought this last week . Assembling was very easy , hardly took 15 mins . My son now sits only on this since it 's very colourful . Excellent for kids 1.5-6 yrs . He plays in this , writes , colours everything on this now . Some times he drags this all the way to living room to watch tv sitting on this chair . He likes to sit on this more than $ 2000 worth of sofa set . I recommand this to all kids of similar age .
 I got this product today and was first impressed by how sturdy it felt . Assembly consisted of screwing on the legs . My only complaint is that the stools are more suited to younger kids -- they are kind of short . However , my 6yo told me he loves it.I believe this table is best suited to 3-5 year olds .
 We got this table 4 years ago and have used it several times a week since then . We absolutely love it ! It 's fun in appearance and in use , with the cartoonish race cars and bright colors . The basket in the center is great for holding little toys , etc. , and the stools are strong enough for adults as well!Highly recommend this table and stools ! We actually bought two sets of them , so we 'd have the extra seating . Loads of fun , and by the way , they do n't take up much space either !
 I bought this when it was on sale for 15 bucks . My 16 month old son likes to play with the drawer . He always pulls the drawer out and try to figure out on how to put it back in . I placed this set in his bedroom and it looks really cute in there , but my son will take the stool in the living room so he can sit on it while having fruit snacks or crackers , or while watching Little Einstein . The other stool is in my bedroom -LRB- I am using it as a step stool -RRB- .
 I bought this for my two year old and she loves it . We put her crayons in the net in the middle and she 's always over there coloring . She 's a bit too short to just reach into the net so she has to kind of lay down on the table and it stands up to that VERY well . Good sturdy stools too . And its also very easy to clean up .
 My 21-month-old son is obsessed with toy cars and trucks . He was constantly lining them up on window sills until I found this table . The table and stools are just the right size for little kids and is decorated in a fun car pattern . The legs are secured with metal fasteners making it nice and sturdy to hold up to the abuse of four toddler boys ! There is a slight lip around the table to keep the cars from falling off with normal play and slight pushes . The net in the center of the table catches toys to the delight of my boys . This was a great value and I have been very happy with my purchase . I just wish I could buy extra stools ...
 I just got my Table set for my 6 months old son . They are very sturdy . Although it does not say the weight limit , I think the stool can hold an adult . With such a price , you can not ask for more !
 Our son LOVES cars and trucks . We purchased this set for him and it has provided hours of fun . The center section for storing little cars is perfect and he loves to do everything at this table from coloring to eating a snack . It was super easy to assemble and good quality .
 just received this for my 4-year-old . it was packaged very well with a box inside a box . the table itself was insulated and the wooden legs were protected with plastic . it took under 10 minutes to screw on all the legs and i did n't need the phillips screwdriver the directions suggested . it 's gorgeous , really . the graphics are bold and colorful and the wood is finished very well . the table itself is a little higher -LRB- 20 inches -RRB- than i thought it would be but i 'd say it 's perfect for 4-5 year old child . The diameter is 24 inches and the stool height is 10 inches . if you put a tray over the center where the net is to catch cars , then it 's also a great craft table . very multipurpose . the only other suggestion is i would check that the legs are tightly screwed on fairly often to avoid mishaps . my son is thrilled and i 'm very pleased with this purchase , especially for $ 14 !!
 I bought this on sale for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- so my expectations we not very high . Boy , was I shocked when this HUGE box arrived !!! The heliocopter is gigantic , comes with two large dinosaurs and two posable men . I can not wait to give this to my son on his upcoming 7th birthday , we is going to flip !!! It is more on the scale of a standard tonka dump truck , when I was expecting match box . AWESOME !!!!!
 Wow when the other revierws said this was big i had no idea how big !! Durable too which is great in a toy these days especially for boys lol as it seems they are a bit harder on their toys then my daughter is.The kids love this thing only wish i would have thought to order two but then again so big not sure have the room for two.Can not go wrong with this set especially if you have animal lovers or helicopter lovers the ways they come up to play with this set is fun to watch ! My kids really use their imagination with this set .
 This helicopter was not as big as some other reviewers had mentioned but is a great toy . My son turned 5 and requested helicopters for his birthday , this toy fit the bill . The helicopter is a chinock style -LRB- not what is pictured below . The blades fold up nicely for storage and easily pop out and back in ... which is great for my two boys . Only had the toy for about 1 month and the kids have definitely have played hard with it and nothinng has broken yet . : -RRB-
 This is a great set , I never saw anything like this style before.I bought this and a Jeep type set -LRB- same co. -RRB- and they work great together!The only problem I see is it has alot of pieces that come off/apart and its a little hard for my 4year old to snap them back , like the windshield snaps off , it comes with cables to lift the cage , the arms of the helicopter snap off.I may glue them on , I dont think it will wreck the toy . Over all a AWESOME TOY !
 I agree with the other review . Actually her review made me purchase this item -LSB- ... -RSB- . This was some awesome item . The helicopter is huge and it makes sounds . I am holding on to this item for my grandson until he is older . This would make a great gift -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's an awesome looking item .
 We got this for our three boys , 4 , 2 1/2 and 1 year , for Christmas . Then the day after we tried to assemble it . the directions are not very helpful when putting the hoop on the base . My husband and I thought the hoop would pop in and stay there by itself , but everytime we put it on , it would pop of with minimal force ... finally as I 'm looking at it I realize the backboard ultimately holds the hoop in . So we needed the both of us and some Dawn , but finally we were able to get the baseboard installed over the hoop without knocking it off the pole . So in short , put the pole in the base , put the hoop on the pole as best as you can , and then while pushing down on the hoop , have someone help put the baseboard on .
 This toy has been used for 100s of hours in our house . We can set it up in the garage and the kids shoot , dunk , hang , and generally entertain themselves for hours . While watching basketball with the kids on TV this is the perfect toy to test out new moves we see on TV . Nothing is better than getting inspired by a LeBron James dunk and being able to go try it out with your kids . My 6 year old has worn through two nets . The system is pretty well balanced , but kids have to know when to let go of the rim if they are hanging and over 60 pounds . Our 4 year old shoots on it set to 4 ft , our 6 year old dunks on it set to 5 ft , and the 6 and 8 year olds set it to 6 ft to practice moves to the hoop and longer shots.Every kid in the world should have one .
 The Grow-To-Pro Basketball hoop was fairly easy to assemble , although putting the backboard on is a bit tricky.I was supprised at the quality and sturdiness of the item , given that the Fisher-Price version for small children was so flimsey.The built-in ball return is great for directing the ball back to the child . I read reviews of the backboard being knocked loose by the ball , but this has not happened . When the base is filled with water , it can hardly be lifted , let alone knocked over , so do n't expect to move it around too much.My three year old grandson loves this hoop . It was well worth the money !
 Easy to set up and appears sturdy . I 've had as much fun with it as my 2 year old !
 The Grow to Pro basketball set is a lot of fun for my 4 year old and 8 year old . They like the fact that the height can be adjusted and I make it higher to make it more challenging for them . The set is sturdy also . Makes a great activity for kids . I recommend this highly .
 Although the age limit is 5 on this item , do n't EVEN believe that ! We have 11-year-olds that come over to shoot hoops in the basement during the winter with this thing ! There is n't a man alive that can walk by it without dunking a few either so just keep that in mind before buying it - YOU 'LL NEVER GET RID OF IT !!! Although we have a professional hoop outside , AND one that hangs over a door , this one has to stay because of the use it gets during the winter . Never thought that would happen ! I 've moved it 3 times now in case that gives you any idea ! It 's SO durable that it 's unbelievable . It 's been tipped , dumped , slammed , you name it , and it still looks NEW ! Kind of reminds me of the Little Tikes Cozy Car - everyone KNOWS how indesctrutible those things are!Anyway , make SURE you buy this thing - do n't even think about it . Ours is 7 years old now and is still played with almost on a daily basis . It 's just fun , even though they 're all too tall for it , it just provides that bit of action all kids -LRB- and adults ! -RRB- need during the winter months -LRB- or even those ridiculously hot August days ! -RRB- . Highly , highly , highly recommend !
 Make no mistake this is a ruggedly made , high quality basketball set that is made to grow as your child grows . It 's big , it takes a lot of room , so take that into consideration . You will want to fill the base with sand or water at some point after you add the second pole . The backboard is big and is slightly top heavy . The addition of a ball retriever -LRB- plastic device that hangs below the basket and will shoot the ball back to you -RRB- is a nice feature . An additional ball would have been nice , but that 's a nitpick for such a nice set . You can play with larger balls as your child grows as well . The rim is very big .
 The Fisher-Price Grow-to-Pro Basketball is a wonderful way to allow your little one to play the same games he/she sees the `` big kids '' playing . Since the hoop can be set at 3 feet , even two-year olds can dunk the basketball.The guide , which attaches to the back portion of the hoop is a well thought out feature since it `` returns '' the basketball directly to the front of the set-up when the ball falls through the hoop . For little ones , this feature helps avoid the frustration of the ball `` running away '' as it might do were the guide not in place . Once the basketball hoop `` grows , '' the guide can be removed when your child understands he/she must move around to catch the basketball.At the 3-foot setting , there is no need to fill the base with water or stand ; this is a real plus when you are using the Grow-to-Pro indoors during inclement weather . Since our two-year old grandson lives in the northeast , the Grow-to-Pro will provide physical activity during the cold , winter months . Once the basketball hoop grows , next summer , his parents will add water or sand so that the Grow-to-Pro remains stable on more uneven outdoor surfaces.Another nice feature of the Grow-to-Pro is the well to hold the ball when it is not in use . There is a well on either side of the base . The basketball is small and soft enough so that little ones are comfortable using it ; further , this minimizes the potential for damage to your home - or to little ones . Unfortunately , the softer ball does not bounce particularly well.In my experience , Fisher-Price always seems to do an excellent job smoothing the plastic seams on their products . There are no sharp or high edges which might cut more tender skin . The Grow-to-Pro Basketball is fairly easy to assemble . You will definitely want to lightly smear liquid soap on the posts before inserting them into the base . It makes a significant difference since the posts , necessarily , fit tightly into the base.If you are looking for a basketball hoop which even two-year olds can enjoy , I recommend that you consider the Fisher-Price Grow-to-Pro Basketball . In addition to teaching a child to take turns and to continue to try to succeed , the Grow-to-Pro is well made ; will last for a number of years ; and is a good way to encourage physical activity . Grandma gives this toy 5 stars !
 This is a super sturdy children 's basketball hoop . We had tried several of the Little Tyke similar style hoops and had terrible experiences . The net on the Fisher Price brand stays on the whole time . The rim is sturdy and does n't bend down . It 's very solid and easily adjusts to different heights which our boys love . It 's also versatile with the adjustability of the height . We love this hoop and highly recommend it .
 Great gift for our 2 year old grandson . We chose this particular Basketball goal because it will &#34; grow &#34; with him .
 I do n't know what the one reviewer was talking about that it took her forever to set up . This was one of the easiest things I have put together for my son . It took me about 15 minutes to put together . The hardest part was getting the post in - you need to put some elbow grease to it to get the post in the base , but the product is durable and fun . The set comes with a little ball , but my son thinks he is 18 so he wanted to use a `` real basketball '' which does fir through the hoop . This is a great product for any kid that you would love to get into the NBA to make the big bucks . -LRB- haha -RRB- I recommend this product !
 Nice very well made . It is a bit hard setting it together though ! We bought it for my brothers 4th birthday and he loves it . Once you know how , it is very easy to adjust height . If you put a little bit of petroleum jelly around the parts you are trying to put together it works very well . GREAT PRODUCT
 This is exactly what I was looking for and exactly what the description indicated . Looks to be durable and was easy to assemble . Ranges from 3 ft to 6 ft. A warning to those who do n't like to read the directions
 A favorite of ours -LRB- diff brand -RRB- had broken and we searched for a new oneDecided on this one and are very happyVery sturdy ... kids play all day on it , they love itOne tip
 You can pick up replacement nets on the Fisher Price site here :[ ... -RSB- I acquired one of these basketball hoops while driving down the road , and seeing it in front of a neighbor 's home with sign that said , `` FREE . '' I promptly stopped my car and crammed it inside.The current version has a black base and black backboard . The version I got has a grey base and grey backboard . I believe the one I have must be several years old -LRB- though it would have been quite the lucky find for it to have been a brand new one ! -RRB- Judging from the sun fading on the collar for adjusting the height and the lack of the backboard decal and net , the one I got was also kept outside.There is not a single crack on this old basketball hoop . After cleaning it up , the hoop 's height was able to be adjusted no problem . It is still very sturdy . The hoop itself has some sun fading on it , but no cracks . My son is about to turn 2 years old , so I set it at its lowest setting of 3 ' -LRB- NOT 4 ' as some of the other reviews on here mistakenly state -RRB- . The stand that holds the backboard consists of two pieces so that it can adjust . Setting it to the lowest height requires you to put the piece that hold the backboard into a separate opening in the base -LRB- there are two openings in the base -RRB- . As others have said , it is difficult to insert these pieces into the base . I actually hung onto the backboard and yanked downward in order for it to go into the base securely , and I had to stand on the base . Now mind you , my set up is several years old ... but not once did any of the plastic break or crack while I did this.I did go onto the Fisher Price website and ordered a new net , new decal , the ball return , and collar for adjusting the height -LRB- the version I have is green which does n't match anything -RRB- . Once I install these pieces , this hoop will look pretty new , and its major components are several years old.Overall I 'm highly impressed with the durability of this product . If you are n't able to find a used one -LRB- free or otherwise -RRB- like I did , I think you can still be assured you 're get several years of use out of it .
 That is my son with this basketball hoop . He is almost two years old and wants to shoot baskets from first thing in the morning until bed time . I ca n't wait to get it outside this summer and let him play until he wears out . We are currently using it inside . The base and backboard is quite a bit larger than the Little Tikes basketball hoop . Since my son is on the taller side , I think we will be using the extra height this hoop offers .
 my son loves this hoop , as well as his two younger sisters ! we have it indoors for now and we love it !
 I just put this toy together for my nephew . The instructional manual suggests soap when you try to put the post into the base . It really does help , though I used hand lotion instead , so it 's not as messy . -LRB- It made a world of difference - without it it 's quite difficult to put it together . -RRB-
 This hoop was a little difficult to put together - directions are read easily , I just needed a strong man to do a couple of the steps . Other than that , we love it . My 3 year old loves playing w / it and learning how to get the ball in the hoop . It is durable and clean - we currently have it set up inside but when we adjust it as she grows we will move it ouside . It was worth the money .
 This is a nice basketball hoop and great for a preschooler . It is made out of plastic but it is sturdy and one of the better ones on the market . I would recommend this product
 The children love to use this basketball net , because of the yellow aiming device attached to the net . Any basketball hoop is a nice addition to the playground especially when it is child friendly . I wonder about the durability , because it is not as sturdy as the one we had before from fisher-price which was sturdier and cracked and had a stronger backboard . If it lasts I will really like it but I figure it will be okay for a year or two at the most .
 I definitely recommend this Basketball hoop . After reading reviews I decided to purchase this Grow to Pro Basketball hoop and it really is more durable!Got it cheaper at Toys r us !
 It is an awesome toy to have your kids doing more exercise and to train their connection between eyes and hands . The stand and the basket ring are very strong . The adjustable height is so easily to change . No problem at all for assembly . I am putting the toy indoor in the living room for my 3-yr and 2-yr kids , but definitely will move outdoor once they have grown up . In addition , it is a wonderful toy that I can play with my kids while I can also enjoy it . It is also worth to mention that when I am watching NBA games , my kids always try to mimic what they have seen in the play and try to do the dunk or shoot . It is so much of fun . Really a good buy .
 We got this basketball hoop for my son when he was 18 months old . He LOVES it ! The basketball that comes with the hoop is light weight and easy to throw , but the hoop is also big enough for a standard basketball . My son will play with this for 20-30 mintues at a time -LRB- and any of you parents can understand the short attention span of toddlers -RRB- . It is very durable , easy to assemble and I know he will use this for years to come .
 This goal is very sturdy and durable -LRB- even without sand and/or water in the base -RRB- and I love that our son will be able to use it for many years to come !
 This is a great toy for kids . I have a 5 , 3 and 2 year old and they have loved this . It is great because you can adjust the size as they grow . It is very sturdy . I would recommend this product .
 This basketball hoop is easy to install and pretty sturdy . I like the way you can adjust the height . It 's really easy to adjust also . I even have fun playing with it without any kids around .
 Bought this for my two year old for christmas , toy looks great but wow the instructions are horrible ! does ' t take away from my recommend the toy but beware !
 This was easy to put up , easy to adjust the heighth and the 4 year old loved it . I think this will be around for a long time
 after considering all of the mini basketball hoop options , reading all the reviews , etc. we settled on the Fisher Price I Can Play Basketball set and it 's great with one caveat * -LRB- see note below -RRB- it 's the best looking hoop i could find and we love that it can grow with my son , who is now 22 months old . he loves that he has his own net to `` dunk '' on like daddy 's outside . the ball return makes for more streamlined play but it 's easily removed so your child can go chase the rebounds if they prefer . * my one note is that when it was set up on the lowest setting for a toddler the post and basket lean forward . I followed the directions precisely and still it leaned , which obviously is n't ideal . I took a moment to access , tied the front post to the back post and now it 's perfect and very sturdy . the rope is up behind the backboard so it ca n't be seen from the front.so to recap , this is a great toy , that my son -LRB- and husband -RRB- love playing with . it was fairly simple to put together although we had the issue of the post not standing completely erect on the lowest setting but as I noted were we 're able to compensate for that .
 the 5 & 3 year olds have hours of great fun . Frankly , i personally lean toward soccer . Their mom suggested this hoop . Good suggestion .
 My son loves this hoop and the best part is that it grows along with him . It was difficult to get it together though and it really took a lot of effort to assemble it . It 's a great hoop though and seems to be holding up nicely .
 I bought this hoop for my 2 year old who loves to play basketball . It goes all the way up to 6 feet so it will grow right up with him . It 's small enough to keep in the house , but yet very durable . It took me about 30-45 minutes to assemble . My husband was n't home or he probably could have assembled it faster . It 's a hit !
 This gift was a perfect choice . My two year old grandson -LRB- and his four year old sister ! -RRB- are having great fun with it . Great quality , speedy delivery - perfect and highly recommended .
 Other reviews warned me about the difficulty to assemble this and they were right . It took three adults to get the backboard onto the post . But once it was together , it looked very slick . Our grandson understood the concept right away and we 're glad it can grow with him .
 This basketball hoop is exactly what I was looking for ! Its well made , easily adjusts to different heights , came with a nice mini basketball , and is very sturdy . My 2 year old son loves this hoop !
 I bought this for my 5 year old son . He loves it and play with it every day with his friends.The product has a good design and looks strong . No complaint at all .
 Easily adjustable and ball return is awesome ! even when filled with water rim and backboard shake but great for kids . Not easy to move would be nice if it had wheels
 This basket is very easy to put together and great for indoor use . I am certain you can use it outdoors as well and that it will work just as well . The rim does not hold to dunking very well . We have 4 boys who are aggressive and rough with their toys but the basket is holding up much better than any other that we have had -LRB- Little Tikes -RRB- .
 We bought this toy for Christmas and it has been a hit since we put it together . The directions were a little tricky at the end , it was easier with two people to put it together , but it apprears to be very durable and will grow with our 3 yr . old . He plays basketball almost every day . We put it in our garage so when it is `` cold '' , he can play anytime ! I would highly recommend this hoop .
 This basketball hoop is pretty simple to assemble . It took a little effort and took 2-3 people at times to assemble certain parts but it went together simple enough . Our son will 3 in two months and he loves it . At the 4 foot level he can make baskets consistently . He loves trying to put it higher and challenge himself . We have n't used the ball return so I do n't know how that works . We have n't put any sand in yet and it still works just fine for our little guy . Overall this is a great toy for a great price .
 We got this for our 15 month year old . He loves it ! It was the perfect age to introduce because he needed a little help for about two weeks then could make a shot on his own after . I 'm looking forward to raising it a step at a time over the next few years . The only potential drawback is that it takes up a good amount of room . We live in a small condo and I 'd still buy it again even though it 's a little large , so I suppose it 's not too big . In short , I 'd highly recommend .
 I am an Amazon employe and you would think I would write a great review for everything I purchase . This is actually my first review I am writing on a product that I have purchased from Amazon . My 3 yr old son has been making little hoops all over the house and using random balls to play basketball . I went to Amazon and saw this basketball hoop , read the reviews and saw the price , immediately I added it to my cart and purchased , along with another ball that I saw other customers have purchased as well . -LRB- You never know when you will lose one right ... -RRB- Shipping was estimated for regular delivery . It arrived no more then 1 day later ahead of the rest of my order . I was very pleased and surprised . Assembly was straight forward and it only had 4 screws that you use to attach the hoop to the rim . There were several easy to instal pieces and default height is 4ft which is perfect right now for my son . I have n't raised it yet but it seems pretty easy to do so , and the base itself is sturdy enough for that height without filling it with sand/rocks etc ... at the 4ft setting . Almost instantly my son took it , dunking in slow motion , shooting free throws . Overall I would give this a perfect score but I have n't had it in my possession to long to do so . The quality of the pieces well done and made of solid plastic , so very durable . You will have no problem assembling it and setting it up for the little ones to enjoy . Took all but 10 mins to do , including the stickers that go on the backboard . This is great for eye and hand coordination , as well as fun cardio that he does n't even know hes getting .
 But ... lots of brute force required . No screws really , just shove this part into that part , rinse and repeat . Feels pretty solid , especially when filled w / water .
 My 19 month old son loves this hoop . He ca n't really shoot the ball yet but he can `` dunk '' it pretty well . He enjoys throwing the ball at the hoop and also yells `` good shot '' after each attempt . Not only does he enjoy it but the adults that come to our home always are drawn to it . First they comment on how cool it looks and what a neat toy it is , next thing I know i have three-on-three basketball on a 3 foot hoop in my family room ! Crazy good fun for kids and adults alike . This hoop is height adjustable which is why I bought it so as my son grows I can raise the basket to accomodate his skill level . I have a full size hoop in the driveway and now when we pull into the house my son points and always asks to `` play basketball . '' I was skeptical of quality since it was only forty nine bucks but the hoop is very durable and should last many years , even when we move it outside . I bought a spare basketball -LRB- it comes with one ball -RRB- so two kids or adults can shoot around at the same time . The hoop does appear to `` lean '' forward a bit since my son `` dunks '' the ball and pulls on the rim but thats usually an indication that it is ready to be raised to the next height setting . Overall a great purchase for the price .
 I got this as an extra thing for the kids to do when indoors as well as to introduce them to basketball . My kids are 2 and 5 . Putting this together was n't hard and both of the kids enjoy playing with it once in a while . You really ought to put something in the base to increase stability -LRB- I used sand -RRB- , since it 's relatively easy to tip over . Seems sturdily built and ought to last as long as it stays upright .
 Easy to assemble and very fun . I have n't had any issues with the net falling off as some other brands may have . The ball has nice feel and bounce and is a good size for small children . I have this inside the house for now and it 's easy to move around . I do n't have the base filled and have not had any issues with it tipping over while playing .
 Our son is two and a half , just over two when we purchased this . He uses it all the time , it seems very durable , works great , and has good balance even without filling with sand . We keep this inside right now and he shoots hoops every night . If he reaches up and grabs the net , he can pull it down on himself , as we have no sand in it right now , but it 's light enough , that it should n't hurt him much even if he does . With a little coaching , he does n't even pull down on it any more , and we 've never had a problem . If you 're worried about this at all , just fill it with some sand and this wo n't be an issue . We are very pleased with the looks , practicality , and durability of this product . From all of the basketball hoops we looked at , I truly believe this was the best for our needs , and we still have a lot of growing we can do with the adjustable backboard .
 Glad I spent a little more to buy this over similar hoops . We have it set to 3 foot right now and my son can just barely dunk it . He got so many toys for Christmas that I have used it more than him so far . My brother said he was going to look into this one because he bought a cheaper one a few years back .
 Package was perfect and all my kids are playing and having fun together . I even get in on the action which is good family time !
 Recently returned a Step 2 brand hoop due to shoddy construction and bought this one after some on-line research . A great improvement over the Step 2 ! Looks better , is more stable , goes from 3 to 6 feet , plus it has a very cool ball return scoop so there 's less scrambling to retrieve a shot ball . My 2 1/2 year old son loves it and I full expect to get a lot of mileage out of it in the next 4 or 5 years .
 I love this hoop . I 'm not sure who was more excited for it , me or my two year old son . He loves it and does slam dunks on it all the time . He is only 2 now and I can see him using the basketball hoop for another 5 years . Great buy . I was not dissapointed .
 I purchased this for my 3 year old grandson 's birthday . He along with his older brothers are having a fun time with it . It is much sturdier than the smaller ones that the older boys had . I like the fact that it is adjustable so it will grow with him and be usable for a few years .
 I just bought this hoop for my 3 year old son . He seems to really enjoy so far . I was pleasantly surprised with a few features and items . Product is well built , fits together well and sturdy . The instructions are straight forward and easy to assemble.The hoop came with a basketball which I did not realize and it also came with a ball return scoop that connects to the hoop .
 My two year old son loves his basketball hoop . Even the adults that come over like to play with it at his level . I said the education value is a 3 out of 5 because I do n't really know what it is teaching him other than some coordination ! Other than that , we love it and will keep using it as he grows .
 I purchased this gift for my grandson -LRB- almost 2 -RRB- . He is very active and does n't like to sit still for very long at all . I felt this would be a good toy for him to use inside and outside , as well as grow as he grows . He really loved it . His dad thought it was great .
 My 25 month old loves this toy and so does the whole family . We love the encouragment and praise our son receives while enjoying the game . It 's very sturdy and the ball return is great . We have it in our living room and did not add sand or water to the base and it works great for us and hopefully will be around for years to come -LRB- outside -RRB- although the colors blend good indoors ; its not bright white or primary colors . Very good for the price and years it will serve .
 We got this for our 2 year old for Christmas , and it has to be his favorite gift . Everyone in the house enjoys playing with it , too . We love the hoop itself . The only issue that I had was with how it was delivered from Amazon . It came in it 's box , nothing covering the outside of the box , so you could clearly see what it was . I 'm just glad that the little one did n't see it before we could tuck it away .
 This consumed all of my 3 year old son 's attention on Christmas morning . He loves that all of his balls fit through the hoop . It comes with a small basketball but full size ones fit just fine . It is very sturdy and well made . We look forward to using this for years to come .
 We have one of these in our basement and there is one at my children 's gym . Check out this amazing shot being made into one by my 2.5 year old and feel free to share ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This product is very durable and well made . The adjustable feature makes it usable for kids aged 2-6 -LRB- but I even I like shooting at it ! -RRB- . Just know that it does n't go as low as the white and blue old model from Fisher , so not good for kids under two or really short .
 This was given as a gift to our three year old son and he LOVES it . Right now we are able to have it set up in his play room for him to enjoy anytime . We like the fact it will grow with him into his teenage years -LRB- at that point it will positively be outside -RRB- . A highlight for us too is that it comes with a ball return , which makes it more enjoyable for all of us right now :
 Fast shipping , product easy to assemble , great buy ! My kiddos are enjoying it . So far no cons ... . Product is the same as described - thanks !
 Although my nephew has n't had it for very long , I think this was a great purchase and that it will last him a very long time . It was fairly easy to put together and seems very durable . My nephew is only 2 years old and still very able to use it .
 We purchased this toy with the intent of keeping it for a while so the kids can play with it year after year . My son is 3 and my daughter is 5 . They started playing with this toy as soon as we put together . Only complaint is that the ball is too small . I had to purchase a bigger one that had a bit more weight to it but otherwise , it was a great purchase .
 We bought this for our 2 yr old granddaughter and her younger sister . The ` fun ' will come as they grow , but like being able to adjust to their height as they grow .
 The durability of this hoop is great ! We have used other hoops that do n't come close to this one . The ball return is unique and really is functional . Fisher-Price did a great job with this design .
 I bought it online because of the price . I am completely satisfied with it and my kids really love it .
 Purchased this item for our preschool , children ages 2-5 , and it works perfect for all the ages . They have so much fun ! Will probably purchase another one too .
 This was everything you 'd expect from Fisher-Price . Excellent quality ; easy to assemble.Bought it for my 4 year old grandson ; will definitely grow with him .
 It took some doing , but I got it put together in about 1.5 hours . I 'm past 60 and not as strong as I once was , so I used my leg-power to get the main post into the base . I placed the top end of the main post against a brick wall and sat down on the floor and used my feet and legs to push the base onto it . It snapped right on . Getting the backboard on was a challenge too , but once I stumbled upon the right angle , it snapped on too . It seems very sturdy . I shot a few hoops and thought it was fun . It will be given to a 7-year old boy tomorrow . I hope he likes it too .
 I bought this for my two yr . olds birthday , he is very tall for his age , and I needed something that he could still play within a couple years if I was going to spend the money . After looking at the reviews for some others I decided to spend a little extra money and get this one . I 'm so glad I did . He can dunk it on its shortest setting right now . I like that it has the ball return attachment . It helps keeps him entertained .
 We bought this for our five year old . It 's a great height for him -LRB- at 5 feet -RRB- and was fairly easy to put together . Needed some strength putting pieces in place but totally doable . Looks good too . We 're very happy with this product !
 My 4 yr old grandson is just having a blast with this basketball hoop ! We really like the ball return feature . I specifically bought this because the hoop height is adjustable and he can use it for the next several years .
 It is a really nice toy to play with . My son is almost 3 years old and he loves it ! Sometimes he misses the hoop and gets a bit frustrated and gives up ... but if you play with him or someone plays with him he plays ! I love this purchase ! I dont have any complains ...
 Durability 5 stars , my 20 month old and 7 yr old boys play on this , and havent broken it yet . They are 100 % rough boys.The yellow `` ball returner '' works great , I do n't have to chase the ball anymore . We have it on the lowest setting . But it should work at the taller settings just the same.Several ball sizes fit other than the one that comes with it , which is a plus , we have others that only fit one size ball , and we could never find it.Overall , it works great , and plan to use it for many more years .
 I worked for a family who had those indoors . Its sturdy and is tall compared to the other ones . This is the next best thing to a metal pole hoop.It was a little difficult to assemble but worth it!I will only keep this indoors . my husband and I even try to make baskets . My son is two and loves it ! It is the perfect height on the lowest setting . Everyone should purchase this !!!
 This is great for my youngest ! He plays with it daily and loves it . When he is not playing it his older sister always wants to .
 We have had this now for over 5 months . We love it . It was easy to assemble and easy to adjust when our child needed the goal moved up . Our son enjoys playing on it . Great buy for sure .
 Even with the bottom filled with water or sand it blows over in the wind . The pics show a 3 year old hanging on it without it tipping ... it must be anchored to the ground in that photo because it will not hold a child of that size without tipping over . Every time we have a thunderstorm I have to go out & stand it up again , and it 's still on the lowest height setting ! Other than that it 's great that it 's adjustable & my 5 year old loves playing with it .
 My daughter has the Fisher Price basketball backboard and the top part of the pole , we are looking for the bottom and the base . Anyone have one they want to get rid of ?
 The product is very good quality , nicely finished , looks much better than the toddler small hoops . Our son is 22 months old and he can reach to the lowest setting and the pole has a long extension . I believe it will serve us for the next few years . Putting it together was a breaze , the only tip worth mentioning is to lubticate the pole with a liquid soap before inserting it into the base . That helped us a lot . My son loves it beyond understanding , this is the only toy he cares about . We had to set it up at home , otherwise he would sleep on the driveway next to it . It 's absolutely worth the money , and it 's fun for the whole family .
 Love this toy . It is a toy for kids and parents ! : - -RRB- Buy a sand bag to weigh it down , so it does not have a chance to topple over with more aggressive players .
 I 'm very happy with this basketball hoop ! I almost purchased a much smaller `` toddler '' hoop but I 'm glad I did n't . It is sturdy and adjusting the height is easy . Perfect for my 2 and 1/2 and 4 year olds . It really does `` grow '' with the kids and I think is a great investment . I picture them playing with this for years to come .
 At first glance , I thought it would be too tall for my two-year old to play with . The smallest height is 4 ft. Within a couple of days , he got used to jump-shoot and enjoying it greatly . I have not filled the base with anything yet for he wants to move it around a lot , from basement , to his room on the second floor , but still the product is solid enough that I 'm not concerned about the stability . I 'm glad that I made this purchase .
 I bought this basketball hoop for my husband , for his 54th birthday , so that he can play basketball with our not-yet two-year-old son . They both love it ! It is sturdy and the height adjustment works great . We have already moved it from the lowest level up to 4 ft. My little boy has a great time playing basketball in our living room and I think this will be perfect out in the garage when it warms up . Very good choice to purchase .
 Beware
 When you ca n't reach a normal basketball hoop , this is the one ! Can be weighted down so it does n't blow over or get knocked over . Ball return is great for the littler ones . Now we can play along with older siblings !!
 I bought this for my five year old niece and two year old nephew . It 's Easy to assemble , durable , long-lasting . You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I purchased this for my 23 month old grandson and he absolutely loves it . He plays with it every day and invites anyone else who comes in the house to play it with him . The assembly instructions were easy to follow ... even late on Christmas Eve . Looking forward to watching him grow with it .
 This is an amazing toy . I have two boys and a little girl . The boys are shooting hoops so well already . The yellow ` feeder ' is perfect for getting the ball back to them ... most of the time . They still need to practice a little more . ;-RRB- I started out at a lower height for them , then was able to adjust it very easily so it was a little more challenging . The first day we had it , my younger son asked me about every 5 minutes if I 'd go shoot some hoops with him . Success ! * grin * I was a little nervous about the assembly at first , as I had read some of the other reviews . It was a little tricky , but I like to figure things out . I 'm 5 ' 5 '' and weigh 135 lbs , and was able to put it together all by myself . Rotating the poles in circular motions to get them in place was a huge help . I did not use the liquid soap , as I did not want to have to clean up a bigger mess . ;-RRB- Well worth the little effort I had to exert , to watch my kids have a blast . Even the baby tries it out , copying her big brothers . * Two thumbs WAY up *
 We got this for our 2 1/2 year old son for Christmas . Right now we have it on the lowest level and he loves it . I like that it has the return for the ball and that it can be raised to several more levels .
 This is a well built unit that because of the significant adjustment -LRB- from 4-6 feet -RRB- should provide years of fun . My only worry is the hollow plastic main post that narrows for about 6 inches where it fits into the base , if the kids start slamming that it could potentially bend . The rim and rebounder attachment are nicely built and should stand up well to everyday play . Little ball is lightweight and easy to shoot . I set it up in our play area and it works well indoors .
 Loading it with sand is a futile process , the sand gets obstructed and you have to shake it to clear it adding only a few pounds at a time . Some of it can hold water which could lead to breeding mosquitos . We have it indoors in the winter and it is hard to not walk buy and take a few shots !
 This is a great first basketball hoop . My two year old nephew loved it for his birthday . It is a wonderful hoop to start off with ! He is two years old and is the perfect size with him now and the years to follow .
 I was n't too sure if this was going to be a little too weak to undertake the years of play that I was sure it was going to receive , but it is perfectly well made . Getting four goals for the price of one that grows with the child is a plus .
 My son got this for Christmas and loves it . My only complaint so far is the difficulty of putting this thing together . There is nothing worse for a child then getting a cool toy but not being able to play with it ! While putting together the hoop and backboard was difficult and required a couple of people all pushing in the correct places , this was doable as was putting the post in for the 3-foot height . The main post was another story . We tried several different things including a very tall and heavy man jumping on it , lathering it with soap -LRB- like the instructions said to do -RRB- , and putting a board on top while hammering as hard as possible with a rubber mallott/hammer . These were all an utter waste of time . What did work was filling a deep bowl -LRB- or bucket -RRB- with ice water -LRB- this needs to be deeper then the little things on each side that stick out -RRB- and holding the post in the freezing water for a couple of minutes . Fair warning here , do this with lots of towels on the ground and on a floor surface that will not be ruined by water as there is a drainage hole that will allow water in the post and will slowly come back out as you are pushing it into the base . Do not get me wrong , I am glad it is there so when we take it outside , it does not fill with water ! Just be aware , Maybe a piece of tape will help or turning it over so the water will quickly pour out before the bottom of the post starts warming back up and expanding again . Maybe the bathtub is a good place for this project ! Good luck ! Other then this , this is an awesome toy ! I hope this helps others out with the same problem : -RRB-
 I bought this for my two sons for christmas , it was easy to assemble and it was just what I was looking for so they can learn to play and shoot basketball . I would order again if I had too . I recommend this item for young kids to have fun .
 This goal came highly recommended by other parents . It is easy to set up & he loves it . Can extend it as he grows .
 My 14 month old son loves this . He is already making baskets and this system will only grow with him as he grows . Great product for the price . Good size .
 We got this for my 18 month old son . At its lowest setting , my son can just about lay the ball over the rim . It raises to 6 feet high which should keep him interestd for a long time . Qualitywise , it should last for several years .
 Our little three year old was so surprised and excited to find this basketball goal under the tree - well ... next to the trip . It is durable , adjustable over time as she grows , and fun for her now ... very affordable and long term investment in a toy .
 I purchased this toy for my 22 month old grandson that needed to develope motor and stretching skills . It has worked out wonderfully , he still needs PT and OT but playing basketball has made that part of OT fun for him . It 's sturdy , from the use and looks of it should last several years .
 The 3 yr old who plays with this enjoys it immensely . It was a little hard to fit together but very sturdy and can provide fun for an extended period of time due to it 's ability to grow with the child .
 Good , well designed , somewhat easy-to-assemble basketball hoop for young kids . I 've seen the others and this one seems best . Leave off the stickers and ball return , it 's not necessary . Fill the base with water and empty before winter . It has held up very well . Lots of fun so far !
 Our son has been playing on this since he was about 18 months and just loves it ! With the ability to increase its height , we look forward to many years of him hooping it up on the Grow-to-Pro Basketball Hoop .
 Purchased this for my grandson for his 4th birthday and what a great gift it was ! He has enjoyed it so much . It is so easy to change the height of the pole and is very stable . I highly recommend this toy .
 Dylan - age 2 - loves this basketball goal . The picture on the box was the only instruction he needed .
 easy to assemble but be careful putting on the backboard stickers -LRB- do it right the first time or it is hard to remove and do over -RRB- . fun for little kids since the height goes down to 4 feet . sturdy but definitely need to fill the base with water or sand . I hope it lasts a long time in the sun -LRB- especially the stickers -RRB- .
 My grandsons really enjoy the basketball hoop . The only problem with it is the base . When assembling the stand column to the base , the column projects beyond the level of the base making the base wobbly and unstable . I had to add two 2x4s underneath on either side of the column to stablilize the base . Once that was done it works well .
 I shopped around for a ` grow with me ' basketball hoop for my son and this was the best one by far for the quality and cost . We 'll have it for years to come ... it has brought so many smiles to his face !
 Great for use indoors and out . Love it !!!! The height is great for all ages . Appropiate for both my 2 and 6 year olds .
 Great product , my grandson loved it ... everyone loved it . It is veryappropriate for young children . My grandson is 2-yrs old and does verywell with this toy . Also , the Amazon service was wonderful ; shippedpromptly and delivered right on time . And best of all , FREE shipping!All in all , a wonderful experience - 5-STARSLinda KSpring , TX
 I 've tried the other basketball hoops and ended up returning them both because they were cheep , rickety , etc.This one is quite the opposite . It 's big , solid , well-build and will last a long time . I especially love that it returns the ball to you when you make a shot . My son plays with it for hours on end and the time we get together shooting hoops is priceless.Get it - you wo n't regret it .
 This is definitely a great hoop for my 2 yr old and my 4 yr old . I totally love it as well -LRB- once it was assembled -RRB- and have fun playing hoops with them . I must admit though I assembled it myself -LRB- the mom -RRB- and I really struggled . I ended up liquid-soaping everything and then it worked a bit easier but it was tough . But worth hanging in there to do it .
 We 've owned the Little Tikes Easy Score hoop for 2-3 years now , but my 4-year-old -LRB- and 41 '' -RRB- son now needs the 5 ' height of the FP Grow to Pro -LRB- aka/renamed `` I Can Play Basketball '' now -RRB- . The LT was fun enough , but its rim sags quite a bit ; I just measured the highest height at 43 '' -- a good 5 '' short of the 4 ' advertised . It was quite a noticeable difference when sitting next to our new FP Grow to Pro , when also set at 4 ' , as the FP rim is nicely level with the ground and the height is thus what it should be . Assuming the lowest 3 ' setting is n't too high for your child , I 'd definitely recommend skipping right to the FP Grow to Pro , as it is much bigger -LRB- both height and backboard size -RRB- and sturdier , and you should get years more service from it , as it extends to 6 ' vs. 3.5-4 ' for the LT. When my son eventually outgrows this , he should be able to shoot at the 7.5 ' setting of my full-sized -LRB- 7.5-10 ' -RRB- hoop . Since I just picked this up in advance of the Christmas season , I 've got it set up in our basement for now , and we 've already had fun shooting around down there on it . Even without any sand or water in the base , so it 's much easier to move around , it can be used as such . When spring comes , I 'll take it outside and fill the base , as I did with the LT. As for balls , the one that comes with it is OK , esp . for young children like my son , but I also picked up several nicer/heavier balls in the 6-7 '' size that work great with it . My favorite is a 7 '' -LRB- Size 3 -RRB- Spalding -LRB- which I also reviewed briefly -RRB- that feels much like a `` real '' ball .
 We love this hoop , as do our two young-uns -LRB- 2 and 5 -RRB- . Super sturdy -LRB- when filled with sand -RRB- . Be warned assembly is no trivial task ! Probably works best with kids 3 - 8 , before that age they do n't have the skill to throw the ball , after 8 I 'm guessing they 'll want the real thing.Cheaper via Amazon than at Target -LRB- when we looked ! -RRB-
 I had been looking for a small basketball hoop for my son 's 4th birthday . After looking at reviews for different ones , this one had the best . I did n't want a wimpy hoop , but also knew my son was n't ready for a big basketball hoop . This one works great for him and my daughter -LRB- almost 6 -RRB- loves it , too . It is adjustable and very sturdy once you get the sand in it . It comes with a small basketball but can also be used with a regular sized basketball . I can see my kids using this for many years until they 're ready for a regular size basketball hoop . And the price ca n't be beat !
 I am really impressed with this product so far . My son , who is almost 2 absolutely loves his basketball hoop . It is easy to assemble and adjust the height.I also love the fact that the height adjusts so my son will be able to grow into this and use it for a long time .
 Our 2-year old received this for his birthday and he loves it . It 's pretty sturdy and we 're happy with the product overall . We keep it inside , so it 's a bit bulky - it would probably be better outside , but we need some toys inside that help run out energy during the winter .
 I was actually surprised at how sturdy this Basketball set is . You can play reasonably hard without knocking the stand over , and I like the distance that it extends . My granddaughter is now convinced that she plays basketball as well as &#34; the big kids &#34; . Fisher-Price still makes quality products . And the price is not out of sight . I would love it to go up just a little higher , but that might take some of the sturdiness away .
 I ordered this for my 2 year old granddaughter . She loves being outdoors and loves balls . It is perfect size for her and can be adjusted as she grows . The package came very quick . I always shop with Amazon .
 Ca n't beat the price for this . Adjustable and easy to set up ! The kids loved it . It was a little on the small side for our 7 year old so we would say best for ages 4-6 !
 I purchsed this for my 3-year-old daughter . When I was looking for a basketbal hoop I wanted something she could grow with and use with her friends . The assembly was simple and was put together in about 30 minutes . When winter is over , I plan on moving it outside , but it does need sand in the base because it is a little on the light side . Overall , happy with the product .
 Easily to put together , my son put it together in just a few minutes without tools , and the grand-kids loved playing with it .
 Built better than the little tikes basket ball hoop we have . The adjustable height is cool too . You can also fit a full size basket ball through it !
 It 's a great basketball hoop . We bought it to replace a cheaper one we 'd bought that was hopeless . This 'll survive all but the most zealous beating from a toddler . Assembly was simple , but some parts were hard to ` click ' together . That should n't put you off , as they 're presumably like that to provide robustness once assembled.I do n't think it 's going to help my son grow to be 7ft tall , however .
 This is a GREAT basketball hoop ! It is extremely durable . The fact that it changes height will allow it to grow with our son . It is bigger than what it seems like from the pictures so make sure to pay attention to the dimensions . I would absolutely purchase this again and definitely recommend it !!
 I did a lot of looking and researching and reading reviews prior to purchasing this and am so glad I did . This was so , so , so easy to put together . Forget about the ball that comes with it , you will definitely want a better ball so you may as well order one if and when you decide to purchase this product . My grandson is only 2 years old and can already made baskets at the lower level . I am pleased that as he grows -LRB- probably on up to 7 or 8 years old , he will still be able to use this on the higher levels . Very pricey , but the construction of this products will last for years.The net may have to one day be replaced . We use it indoors and outdoors .
 This hoop is well built . My godson -LRB- 2 1/2 -RRB- loves it and his older sister -LRB- 7 -RRB- likes it too when its adjusted to her height . Solid toy , i think it will last for years .
 I bought this for my sons -LRB- 13 and 10 -RRB- to play with in our finished basement . This our 3rd one of these that we 've had since they were babies but even though they are older , they still like to play with it up to the 6 foot level indoors . I researched these and am so happy that I bought this brand . It has a very sturdy construction and the backboard does n't fall off like one of the other name brands that I 've purchased in the past . The black color makes it not look so much like it is for babies . My only recommendation on improving this would be to make the base wider . It just seems a little narrow to me when you use it at the 6ft . height .
 We ordered for our grandson and ended up ordering another for our home ! Great fun and with ball return easy for the young one to play ! But older ones love this also and it can take it !!!
 It 's a good quality and it will grow with our two year old grandson . It can be used indoors as well as outdoors . Quality is excellent .
 This is a great mini-basketball set . We bought a nicer/firmer mini-basketball to go with it , and I would recommend doing so . We have the backboard/net on the lowest setting because our daughter is only 3.5 years-old . It is a very sturdy piece and my husband and I love playing with it as much as our toddler ! My husband put it together and I did n't monitor the assembly but I do n't recall a lot of swearing , so that 's a pretty good indication that everything was pretty straightforward.Highly recommend it!CM
 I bought this game to give as a gift to my nieces and nephew in Palatine , Illinois so they can enjoy it like my grandsons here have loved theirs .
 waiting to hear from the kids on how the grandkids like it ! So far ... . nothing bad , but they have been buzy playing with the puppy I also gave them !
 This is an awesome basketball hoop that is sturdy and fits the needs of any child . My great-grandson will enjoy this for years . The adults have fun also !! We are buying another for our twin grandsons .
 Well made , great for indoors and out . My kid brother got this for his kids , I had to get one too , its awsome . Recommended it for 3 and above , mine is already learning free throws !
 This basketball hoop/stand is larger than I anticipated , seems very sturdily built and looks like it will last a long time . At its lowest setting , it is just about the right size for an average 3 year old . Better for the adults when pulled to its full height . Definitely read the reviews about how to put it together . It took 2 people to assemble the backboard/hoop part . They put the post in the freezer side of a side-by-side refrigerator/freezer for 5 minutes to shrink it up a bit as suggested in another post , and with both men it pushed into place nicely . I think this product is well worth the price .
 This is something the whole family can do together , and my girls -LRB- 2 & 4 -RRB- love it . It is fun to watch them show their excitement when they get a bucket . It is also fun to see how impressed they are when their Daddy hits one from a great distance .
 This toy far exceeded our expectations . Not only does my 17 month old son love it but so does everyone else that plays with it . It 's very durable but you need to put the sand in the base . Also we love the ball return because it prevents us from having to run around after the ball !!! Great toy !
 Bought this basketball hoop for my son 2 years ago -LRB- he will be 6 this summer -RRB- and he still loves to play with it ! I love the fact that the height can be adjusted as he grows . :-RRB- My MIL even went out and purchased one after she saw ours . Now that she has four grandsons and 3 granddaughters ... it sure will get good use !
 I bought two of these for my grandsons . They are very sturdy and look like they will last indefinitely ! The kids loved them-ages are 3 and 4 .
 MY GRANDSON IS A SPECIAL NEEDS CHILD . THIS WAS SO PERFECT FOR HIM . HE LOVES IT AND CAN MAKE BASKETS !! IT 'LL GROW WITH HIM . YOU SHOULD HAVE SEEN HIS FACE CHRISTMAS WHEN HE OPENED THIS . MY HUSBAND PUT IT TOGETHER . -LRB- SIMPLE -RRB- HE IMMEDIATELY STARTED PLAYING . IT 'S NOW ON THE COVERED PATIO AND HE CAN PLAY RAIN OR SHINE . IT 'S A JOY TO WATCH HIM . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TOY .
 My grandchildren , ages 7 , 4 and 1 1/2 years old , all love this . It will last for a long time , as they grow .
 Bought this for our 3 year old grandson . On christmas day at Grandmas he was amazed at the size of the package . He hid behind it and played peek a boo . When he opened it all day l ; ong I heard gigles from him and the 5 year old . They had alot of fun .
 We purchased this gift for our 2 yr . old grandson . He loved it @ It 's very durable , easy to put together and will last for years .
 My son came home from over seas -LRB- Navy -RRB- to visit his family ! He has 3 little girls and they had a great time playing basketball ! Girls are ages 5,3,17 months . they play every day since Christmas -- thanks for a wonderful basketball hoop ! He will return for good in the spring and I know there will be a lot more basketball matches going on ! FUN!Son says it is a very nice gift ! Sturdy and makes it fun for the girls at their level !
 I got this for my 2 year old son for his birthday and he loves it . I love the fact that it will grow with him and is adjustable . He has a lot of fun with it . We have it set up in the house for the cold weather and it 's great for indoors too . I would definitely recommend this . And I got a great deal on it through Amazon .
 I had no trouble assembling this , I had it ready to go on Christmas morning . My two year old has n't had much time to play with it , but the adults are liking it so far !! It seems to be well made and durable , and the adjustable feature means it should last for awhile . We have several other balls that work well , easy to find if you have trouble with the included ball as other reviewers have mentioned .
 Few pieces to assemble and all parts in box . Looks great and feels sturdy . I predict it will last several years . Especially liked that the inner rim with the net attached can easily be removed to save being destroyed by birds or squirrels . I 'm very satisfied .
 My husband put this together without much trouble on Christmas morning , and our 3 year old loves it ! I thought the all would be regular-sized , but it is smaller . It seems to be the perfect size for my boy , though , and that 's good enough for me !
 Kids love it . Its adjustable and seems durable enough . It is great for indoors and outdoors . I would definately recomend this product .
 My 20-month-old son 's favorite word is `` Basketball '' . Well , more like `` Baah Baawww '' . But you get the picture . He loves dropping balls into this basket . This product was extremely easy to put together , and very sturdy . It 's plastic , of course , so you ca n't hang from it for too long . But it 's holding up very well to our super active toddler . He 's 3 feet tall and we have it set to the lowest position . He is able to push a ball over the rim and into the hoop without standing on anything or without throwing the ball . He CAN throw it if he wants to , just trying to give you an idea of how tall a kid would have to be to reach the hoop . :-RRB- We currently have it set up in our living room , and we had plans to put water or sand -LRB- or kitty litter -RRB- into the base to secure it , but it turns out that we really do n't need to . It 's sturdy enough without a heavy base .
 On sale and grows with my nephew !!! Loves it and it is the first thing he looks for when he comes in !!! He is here Monday , Wednesday and Friday ! DO read the instrucdtions . Easy to assemble once you scan the `` put together '' pictures . Captions are included . Durable construction . His grandparents wish they had gotten this great bargain !!!!!
 This hoop is tough and gets alot of playtime . I must admit I have been in a few games myself . It has handeled many hard dunks and has not shown any signs of wear & tear to this point . Great product .
 My 3 year old Grand son enjoys this both inside and outside the house . A good thing to have with the basket ball and an energetic child .
 We did our research and this has been a high quality purchase well worth the price . Our son will enjoy this for years to come ! Great overall buy . No doubt !
 We have had this basketball goal outdoors for 1.5 yrs now . My son plays with it a bit . It turns out that he is not a basketball lover . Regardless , it looks good . It is under a cover , but it does get sun half the day . It has not faded at all nor has the sticker on the front peeled . It really looks great except for one thing -- the net . The net has deteriorated to 1/4 of its original size . If you touch the net , it collapses into a white powder . Literally , 3.4 of the net is gone . I wish the net were made of more a fishing line type material ... something that weathered better .
 My son is going to enjoy for years on . Very happy with my purchase.Great for little boys to grow with , and it comes with a ball included .
 This is a fun hoop that the kids will love . It adjusts to all sizes and is very easy to move around . I would recommend this if you need a starter hoop -LRB- like for 4 to 8 year olds -RRB- .
 I love this basketball toy because my three little grandsons can all play together . It is a great group toy . It will last and keep them busy for a while .
 Just wanted to give it 5 stars . So far so good , right now I have it on the 3 &#34; setting for my 1 yr old . He should be playing it soon , so far it 's just me and the older one , hence 5 stars for now .
 My granddaughter loves this product . She is only 3 1/2 and plays basketball at the YMCA . The best thing about Fisher-Price I Can Play Basketball is that you can raise it as the child grows .
 My now 4-1/2 year old daughter has gotten a lot of use out of this goal and it 's help up well in the weather .
 My friend 's son got it as a gift from us and he loves it . He is two and I purchased this product because it can last him for a few years .
 This item is very durable and the best hoop for indoors I have came across . The backboard is hard to get snapped in but once you do your off and shooting hoops . My son is 2 and he loves it . Great product !
 I bought this basketball hoop for my rough-n-tough two-year-old , and he loves it . It was fairly easy to put together , and I 've had no problems with it falling over or coming apart . Best of all , a regulation basketball fits through the hoop !
 I purchased the fischer price basketball hoop as a gift for a four year old little girl and she loves it . The nice part of the gift is it will grow with her and it seems really durable so I think she will have it for many years to come .
 My 4 year old loves this goal . It has alternate sizes so it grows with him . The 6 year olds on our court even play on it ! Very durable ! More durable than some of the more `` toddler '' hoops.Definitely worth it !
 Purchased this toy for my nephew 's 2nd bday he absolutly loves it , it is one of his new favorites . I did n't put it together so I do n't know how easy or difficult that was . Very sturdy !!
 Today was my Grandson 's 2nd birthday . And of all the things he asked for the one thing he repeated over and over again was `` basketball '' . This is a great idea for a young child . WE as Grandparents were kind of tired making a rim out of our arms . Needless to say , he was estatic . It took about 10 minutes to put together , and it seems to be a sturdy item . He being only about 2 1/2 feet tall , it is just perfect for him . His older sister is 6 and it raises to fit her height also . I 'm sure they will have hours of fun with this . They both loved it . I ca n't really rate the durability and longevity yet , but will try to remember to come back here in a couple months and update this post .
 This is a great toy for the price . Would be better if the base had wheels but still a good buy/product .
 I definatly would recommend this . I have 3 boys ages 7 , 4 , 3 . They love it and I can adjust the hight for each of them . I usually get my husband to put stuff together but he was busy , so I did . The directions were easy to understand , I did use dish detergent to get the pole into the base . It is very sturdy . The kids love it !!
 Easy assembly , ball return is a nice touch . We have it inside at it 's full height and it is much harder for my 4 year old to make baskets , which is exactly why I bought it . We do not have the base filled and it seems pretty stable and has not fallen over yet even when using a heavy ball . No issues .
 It definitely takes two people to put this together . You best read the instructions too . My grandson was looping the basket before it was completely put together he was so excited . He will be 2 in March of this year 2013 . He and his friend had as much fun playing in the boxes it came it and literally tore the boxes to pieces . The basketball game was shipped so there were two big boxes . You will not be disappointed at all . We filled the base with water . Once it 's too large for the house it probably should be filled with sand for outdoor use .
 My grandson loved the basketball hoop !! He 's only one but with the added adjustment this is great for he can use it for awhile . Even though it 's plastic it is very sturdy and by adding water or sand it stays put.Ann
 This is a great hoop that is very easy to assemble . When put to the 3 foot option the hoop leans forward which I wish it didnt but once it goes to the 4 foot or higher it will work great . Wheels added to it would have been greatly appreciated but I wasnt expecting much from the price point .
 I bought one of the Grow to Pro hoops a couple of weeks ago for indoors , and liked it so much -LRB- well , my 4-year old son did also -RRB- , that I bought another one for outdoors . It is built well , relatively easy to put together , and is a much better quality hoop than many of the other models out there . I filled the base on the outdoor hoop with water , and it seems that it will hold up ok outdoors.You can easily put on and take off the ball return , so you can see if you like it . It sticks out a bit , so we took it off indoors where space is tighter . We left the ball return on for the outdoor hoop . The hoop is big , so it can accomodate the included ball , or other mini balls -LRB- or I suppose bigger basketballs as well -- just have n't tried one with it -RRB- . Basically , I had bought one of the real basketball hoops for our driveway , but soon realized that even at its lowest point -LRB- 7 feet -RRB- , it is just too high for little kids . Hence , why I bought this one for outdoors . Now , my son and his friends can play as much as they want on the Fisher Price.Although this deserves a 5 rating , it would be even better if you could adjust by 1/2 foot , instead of only by a whole foot . My son is a bit too tall for the 4-foot height , but a bit too short for the 5-foot height . But it is not a dealbreaker.Buy this one with confidence . The better Little Tikes model may be worth a look as well , but I am happy with the Fisher Price Grow to Pro . Though the price on the Fisher Price seems to have just shot up quite a bit -- hopefully just temporary for those of you in the market for one of these .
 We purchased this for our 3 and 2 year-olds for Christmas and they just LOVE it . It is extremely durable , fun to use and quite flexible -LRB- since you can adjust height depending on child 's age/height -RRB- . We purchased it based upon the positive reviews and have been very pleased with it . We highly recommend this if you are looking for a basketball net for your children .
 son absolutely loves this , and it has held up well . Have n't used the larger height yet but will soon have to keep down the tomahawk jams . So far so good , ball return is a nice touch too , but is usually what my son hits his head on .
 I bought this for my 2 year old and my husband . We use this product indoors and am hoping to have it for at least 3 years . The plastic seems sturdy to take everyday beatings.Playing with this has become a family event . Even visitors ca n't resist playing . I feel that by buying this , my son can not only stay indoors from the heat , but he practices his coordination and gets physical exercise . After work , my husband and I play with it to relax . This is an overall good toy . Since it only comes with one ball , I 've purchased those cheap plastic balls for continuous play . The return is a huge plus.I 've only had this for over a month , but so far , I think I got my moneys worth .
 Durable . Can be raised up to six feet to accomodate growing child . Comes with a ball return ; my son has already seen an improvement in his shooting percentage . Overall , this is worth the price . * UPDATE * My son is now doing a crossover dribble , stutter step into a step back j and taunting me by yelling `` BANG ! '' as he hits the shot.Further Update - I should mention that when I bought this basketball goal I got it directly from Amazon and the price was $ 49.99 . I see that currently -LRB- 12/20/2010 -RRB- this is not being sold from Amazon and the price is $ 99.99 . So when I said worth the price , I was speaking of $ 49.99 .
 THEY DO A GOOD JOB ! THERES REALLY NO MORE TO ADD , BUT THIS THING NEEDS MORE WORDS TO COMPLETE THE EVALUATION .
 Bought this for our son for Christmas . He is 2 . He loves this hoop . Its good quality and will last him a long time . Great purchase .
 This was a Christmas gift for my four year old son and he loves it ! In fact , the entire family loves it ! We have it set up in our basement and it seems like someone is always playing with it . My husband and I have competitions , my 11yr old , 9yr old and 6yr old daughters love it , my son loves it and even our 2yr old daughter tries to make a basket ! The ball return is fantastic because it keeps you from having to chase the ball all over the place . The toy is sturdy as well and we only have a tiny bit of water in the base .
 I bought this for my 2 year old nephew . He likes it a lot . I recommend this product to everyone . of course it is bit costly .
 I purchased this for my 3 year old son this past Christmas . He loves it ! It is so easy to put up and take apart . As well , it stores back in the bags provided and can be put away for future use . I would encourage anyone to purchase this play tent .
 As a huge Freddy fan I was really looking forward to this figure . Especially since NECA did such a great job on the Freddy in the FvJ boxed set . They made Freddy look more evil and sinister in Wes Craven 's New Nightmare , and NECA translates it well here . The black coat he 's wearing is well detailed , but the green and red striped lining shows a little bleeding on my figure , as well as a little bit on the sweater . They also went with a leather looking coat and pants , which is n't really movie accurate , but does n't bother me too much Those are about the only bad things I can say about this figure though.The sculpting is top notch all around . His new bio-mechanical claw hand really impressed me -LRB- though it 's missing the veins that connected to the `` bones '' -RRB- , and looks a lot better than the claw done on Sideshow 's NN Freddy . The `` less snarled '' head is definitely the best head of the two that he comes with . It looks incredibly like Freddy with the NN burn style , and the eyes are perfect . Probably one of the best head sculpts I 've seen . The more snarled looking one has some problems with the paint application in the eyes , and looks a little weird because of it . It 's a shame they did n't have the demon head that they 're working on for the 18 inch version . That would have been great . Ah well , just another excuse for me to get the 18 inch.The base is one of the best ones I 've seen . It has a very nicely sculpted pillar on it -LRB- handy for hanging Freddy 's hat on when he 's not wearing it -RRB- , and some nasty looking eels slithering around on the ground . The eels really add a lot to the look of the figure , since Freddy often likes working eels into peoples ' nightmares for some reason.As far as accessories go , Freddy does pretty well . The extra head is n't that great , as I mentioned above , but the script that he comes with is really nice . It has tiny printing that you can actually read . He also comes with his green hat , but unfortunately it does n't fit on his heads as well as the FvJ Freddy 's did . Which does n't bother me too much , since I think NN Freddys look best without hats.Overall , this is the best Freddy I 've seen in this scale . It 'd be nice if there was a coatless variant , since Freddy did appear without the coat in the movie a couple times . I really hope NECA gets around to making a Freddy from the original Nightmare on Elm Street , my personal favorite . I need a stripeless sleaved Freddy !
 This Freddie was a gift for my daughter and she loves it . I might have to add one to my collection also .
 This is a really awesome `` ancient '' Freddy . I bought the Side Show Collectables version that was pretty cool but far from perfect . This one is nearly perfect ! And half the price ! So why not ? This `` darker , more evil '' Freddy comes with a stand that will snap in one foot into his `` hell world '' floor where eels wait for Heathers face ! The eels move too . He also comes with a broken `` pole '' -LRB- i do n't know the name of it -RRB- type thing which adds to the atmosphere of WCNN Freddy . The `` script '' which Heather reads , that has the actual scene written down on it that she reads from WCNN . A removable hat and two head sculpts.So now for a quick pros and cons of this collectable.Pros : Cool details and very accurate to his film appearanceNice stand and featurescheap priceposableCons : Head sculpts are cool but look too similar.I am going to buy the Hall of Fame version which comes with a better head sculpt and an awesome demon head -LRB- the demon that appears as Freddy !!! -RRB- .
 THE MOST RUDE OF ALL HORROR BRINGING CHARACTERS OF ALL ENTERING YOUR PEACEFUL SLUMBER AN TEARING YOU AND YOUR HAPPY WORLD TO SHREADS NO HORROR FAN SHOULD BE WITHOUT FREDDY IN THE HOUSE HES THE MOST HIGHY KNOW SPOOK AROUND RIGHT UP THERE WITH JASON AND MIKEY MYERS HIGHLY RECOMENED A + + +
 es una figura realmente bonita , , clasico , , es articulado en algunos puntos , la cabeza y el sombrero son removibles , , , la chaqueta es bonita y tiene una textura como en cuero , trae varios accesorios
 This figure is good value for money - it is detailed well enough and is robust in design . Perfect for a tableside ornament !
 Every kid should play with a magnifier at some point , and this magnifier is a good one to play with
 I bought this for my daughter to use bug hunting and exploring in the yard . It 's sturdy and solidly constructed . I 'll probably buy another to add to my emergency/camping gear .
 I bought this for my 5 year old nephew who loves to measure things . He told his mom it 's his favorite present . He walks around with it all the time . Do n't know how sturdy it is since he 's only had it for a month . So far so good .
 We bought this for our 18 month old daughter for daycare nap time . It works very well . She loves the characters on the bag and is now the envy of daycare as she has Elmo on her sleeping bag . It fits in the washing machine well making cleanup easy . Definately a good buy .
 My one year old needed his own sleeping bag . I found this one and it is perfect . He ca n't talk so I did n't know if he was going to be an Elmo kid or a Blues Clues kid or what . This sleeping bag has Elmo , BigBird and Zoey so it is not too gender specific and will let my kid be himself . I think it is cute !
 This is a really cute little sleeping bag . My little girl likes it alot .
 I have loved Simon since I was a kid . I got this toy from my dad a few years ago , and love it ! It is fun to play with friends , and it has several game options . You can even see the last run . It has different difficulty settings for the Simon master , which makes it even more versatile!I reccomend this toy for a stocking stuffer , party favor , or small gift to any Simon-lover !
 This game seems to be enjoying a comeback ... at least the large version . Not many people know that they also made a Simon game that is ` pocket size ' . While its not the size of a cell phone , it probably could fit in most peoples back pockets.This handheld version from the 80 's is all black and if you can afford to spend a bit more -LRB- about $ 40 total -RRB- you can find it in the box with instructions .
 This puzzle has been fun and challenging , with lots of color and detail . Fast shipping - I did n't have to wait to continue my current obsession !
 This is a fun puzzle , filled with birds above the water and colorful invertebrates -LRB- and some fish -RRB- below . The painting is nicely done , and is n't a crummy pasted-together Photoshop job like some puzzles . The puzzle pieces are pleasantly irregular.The back of the box has a key to all the animals and most of the plants , including their scientific names , and even identifies the peak in the background as Mount Baker . I really enjoyed assembling this puzzle .
 This puzzle has a high degree of difficulty , and will keep you away from bed way past midnight , if you are one of those who ca n't drop a piece until you find its place , like me . Great fun and very entertaining for jig zaw puzzle lovers .
 If you have a strong reader , and he/she is willing to say the Spanish words aloud as they put these little mini-puzzles together , this is a great tool ! I use these in my Spanish classes as something to do for the students that finish activities first , and they do enjoy them.However , if your child is not a strong reader , this may act more like a simple puzzle , and not reinforce any language learning at all ... . of course , the words are there , and they 'll soak in at least a little bit ... I have used these for three years for many weekly classes , and they are still in great shape . The students are able to do them quite quickly , and if I require the repeating of the Spanish word , they do retain some vocabulary , usually . I do wish there was no English on them - Just Spanish and a picture . But all in all , well worth the money for the classroom or home use . At home , the puzzles go very well with Flip Flop Spanish Level 2 , in the week the children are learning weather and months and seasons .
 I purchased this harmonic top for my grandson and he loved it . The bright colors , the sound it makes while spinning around are quite attractive to the little ones and they love playing with this toy . Buy one today !
 I have n't seen a top in years , so I was worried when it did n't automatically start spinning when you push it down . Well , it has to be pumped . My son loves it and even gets the concept of having to pump it . It makes a loud , whistle/whir sound too . Glad I bought it .
 My son loves this toy . It makes him crazy . And i like it so much because it is the same as one i had when i was a child . It is really great to play with your son .
 I had this since kids were less than 1 . I would say now kids are 3 and 2 and this gets used atleast weekly . It is a good classic toy every home should have
 I wanted to give one of these to my niece 's daughter for a while . She really likes it !
 I ordered this top for my newly 2-year-old son after finding pictures of tops in numerous packs of flash cards . He had never seen a top in action , so pointing to the picture and telling him `` this is a top '' seemed pointless . I love that this top feels super sturdy and makes a great humming sound if you get it going properly . However , please be aware that this top and most of the Bolz tops are the `` classic '' type -- you have to balance them on the point , then get the crank -LRB- or whatever it is called -RRB- pumping up and down and then you let go and hope it stays up . At first , I thought they had shipped me a broken one ` cause I could n't figure it out . Plus it came with no instructions ; I guess we are all supposed to know how to operate these instinctually . After messing with it for maybe five minutes , I did manage to get it going quite well . Now I love it , but there is no way my son will be able to work this on his own for a long , long time . Probably years . I vaguely remember having a top like this when I was little , which helped me get the hang of it . My son has already dreamed up a number of games that incorporate this top -- mostly seeing how many balls he can throw at it before it topples over or kicking it while it spins to see if it will stay upright . Either way , it involves me having to get it going for him . Do not buy this expecting your young child to play with it independently . You will most likely be sitting on the floor making it spin , like me , for a very long time .
 I think my husband and I played with this more than the kids . They did like the noise that is made .
 This spinning top is smaller than I expected . However , it appears durable as it is made of metal . Even though it does not have a suction cup at the bottom , it stays in one place after pumping the handle and releasing . Because it is small , it does not need as much space to play with it . I have not given the top to the adult that will be using it in the future . I do expect positive outcomes as he enjoys the top .
 I reluctantly purchased this top after my 7-month-old grabbed it in a toy store and refused to let go of it.We already had the larger Bolz top with the suction cup base , and I really did n't think we needed a second one . After getting the thing home , though , I 'm glad we got it . This top is much smaller than the original -- about one fourth the size . The smaller size makes it much easier for little hands to operate.Both of my children enjoy watching the larger top , but even my 3 1/2 year old ca n't operate it independently . Either Mommy or Daddy has to make the larger top spin , and it takes quite a bit of effort to make it `` sing . `` This smaller top is much easier to operate . Just a few gentle pushes on the handle will get it spinning and singing . It 's simple enough that my older child can do it without our help , entertaining both herself and the baby in the process.This model does not seem as sturdy as the much larger and more expensive Bolz top , but for the price , I 'm very pleased with its performance .
 I bought this spinning top for my 11 month old son and he loves it ! he starts giggle and laugh when I spin this toy for him , and even tries to spin it by himself . The toy appears to be well made and spins very good . it is a little smaller than I thought it 'd be , but it makes my baby happy , that 's all I need .
 Great little top that I bought when I noticed my almost two year old grand daughter spinning a pot lid on the floor of the kitchen . It was smaller than I expected , as I had seen the old tops of this design and they were much larger . But , it is well made , durable , and works well . She likes it .
 I bought this for my 1 year old . With the humming noise it makes and fast spinning , it brings out lots of smiles ! Timeless toy !
 I really love this type of puzzle . It 's educational and sharpens ones knowledge of regional wildscapes and habitat . Good to do before , during or after visiting area . I wish the puzzle maker , ceaco , would include printed small poster w/legend on back as a separte item like they use too . The back of box legend is very small requiring a magnifying glass for these old folks like me .
 This was a really fun puzzle to put together . I did n't know there was that many different types of birds and animals in Alaska . I am going to make it into a clock and list all the different types of creatures on the back . I think it will be a great learning opportunity for children .
 The cat loved it . She did not learn very much from it , but she did n't destroy it right away either . I would give it 5 stars , if the form would have let me .
 This is a long overdue Phantasm figure , and it is well worth the wait . This is one of my favorite villains , and The Tall Man is placed proudly at my cubicle at work , with the little Low n Brown effectively hiding behind a potted plant - and the Low n Brown is much creepier when hidden away , as is proper for the monster . As for the Tall Man monster - he is wonderfully lanky and long , his body suiting the character 's ambient stance . He stands as Angus stands , and the head works for Tall Man expressions . Nice and formal - not a lot of goofy kidstuff ... just a simple , expressive Tall Man - as it should be . More for display , by a long shot . I love it . We need a Kid Michael and and Adult Michael , and definitely a Reggie or two . For the true Phan , this is a promising sign of toys to come . . !
 If you are a fan of the phantasm movies then you will definitely love this product . The figures look just like they do in the movie with alot of detail . This product is more for collectors and not really suitable for use as a childs toy . The only downside to this product is the base is not of the same quality as the rest of the product , still for the price , and the incredible likeness of the characters , the problem with the base is not really a big deal .
 What can I say ... it 's about time . I 'm just looking forward to the possible release of some of my other favorite Phantasm characters . I have the cuda already , now we need a Reggie , Jody and Mike .
 I was always thinking of figures made for certain classic movies , whether horror , fantasy , or otherwise . When I saw this , I knew it had to join my collection . The figure looks just like the character in the movie , with high articulation , and comes with nice extras , like the hovering metal ball . It is boxed nicely , which I keep mine in , where it hangs on the wall . : -RRB-
 I bought this as a birthday present for my father since he 's a big Phantasm fan . My mom also bought him the last two Phantasm films on dvd to complete his collection , since stores by us do n't carry movies III and IV , so my dad had a very Phantasm birthday this year . The product arrived very soon after I ordered it , about two days later , to be exact . It was in mint condition , NRFB -LRB- never remove from box -RRB- condition , and the look on my dad 's face when he opened his gift and saw what was in the box was priceless . He was absolutely THRILLED to get this , although he has n't taken it out of the box because he wants to keep it in NRFB condition , since , after all , this is a collector 's item . This is an excellent tribute to a cult classic !
 Great Action Figure I have Loved Phantasm Since seeing it at the Movies , this is a long overdue Horror Figure.Thanks NECA Great Job
 Dreams came true to all Phantasm Phans when Neca Toys released ` The Tall Man ' in their Cult Classics series ! I remember clearly seeing this for the first time while wasting time at the mall . I could not believe my eyes when I saw this so I quickly snatched this as if it were some lost treasure that no one knew about hahaha . To this day I still look up at my wall and admire this toy still packaged in all its glory ! Thank you Neca Toys ! Please continue to surprise us horror fans by remembering there are other horror fans out there that love the Freddys and Jasons , but are getting a little tired of them .
 thats what my two year old yelled when i put these on her jacket , they arrived on time and in good order
 This wagon was perfect for helping to decorate for my little boy 's first birthday !! I used it on a large table and it added the perfect touch . I think my son will enjoy pulling it around when he starts walking !
 We purchase this for my son 's first birthday , which had a Radio flyer theme . He likes the wheels the best ! Lol ... His big sisters -LRB- 6 yo -RRB- love to put their dolls in it & pull them around . My son will eventually take possession of it again , as soon as he gets a little bigger . I think he will enjoy putting his stuff in there & carting it around the house.BTW , shipping on this item was unheard of ! I purchased Mon night -LRB- late -RRB- & it was on my doorstep Thurs afternoon - standard shipping !! Rock on , Amazon !
 I got this knowing it was smaller than what other reviewers have been complaining about . The description says the size very clearly . With that said , this thing is super cute ! It 's true to a normal metal size wagon just mini . My little doggie looks so cute in it and I know that this will be a prop for my photography . It definitely was worth the money and was easy to put together . Love it !
 My 18 month old grandson loves this . He packs his special things in it to play and pull around with him . I just ordered one for a great-nephew 's first birthday . It is on the smaller side which makes it great for toddlers.Radio Flyer Little Red Wagon
 This little red wagon fit the bill as a 50 + Birthday centerpiece ! It is well made but do n't think it is intended for heavy duty use.It was absolutely perfect for our purposes . I was glad to find it . Thanks !
 This sturdy , seemingly indestructible red wagon is terrific . Our grandchildren love to put things in it -LRB- or climb into it -RRB- and pull it down the block to the park or load it with beach toys and pull it on the sand . Finally a product that does exactly what it says it will do.The assembly directions could use some clarity , we are not great `` assembly required '' people .
 I have had one of these for 10 years or so . It used to hold a flat of flowers -LRB- very cute in the garden -RRB- but now sits on a dresser and holds a teddy bear . The plant time caused a little almost-rust area around the screws , even though I thought I had it totally lined in plastic . I bought several more to use as centerpieces in a Chicago-themed party -LRB- Radio Flyer is a Chicago-based company -RRB- . These are not heavy-duty wagons , but for the price are adorable and they were a big hit .
 This one should n't be passed by . Radio Flyer makes quality products.Ours holds the family teddy bear and it sits beneath the Christmas Tree.The tree was put away after the holidays but the Red Wagon and the Teddy Bearremains right there in the living room for us to enjoy every time we look at it.We should have done this years ago . It 's precious.Yes , this is a `` little '' Red Wagon , as it clearly states . Takes up hardly any space but brightensthe heck out of a rather formal and serious room.Get one . You wo n't regret it .
 I purchased this toy wagon primarily as a prop for my grandson 's first birthday party . After that , my granddaughters will use it to play with their dolls and such . It is perfectly sized for small children to pull and play pretend .
 I originally ordered this small wagon to use as decoration for my son 's radio flyer 1st birthday party . After the party , my son and daughter have LOVED playing with it . It is just the right size for them to put a few small toys in it and pull them around . It is very sturdy . My son actually stood in it and there has not been any damage to it . The only problem I have had with it is that I only got one ! May have to order another one in the near future ! We love it !
 This thing is cute , cute , cute !!! It looks just like the big wagons.My husband put it together and he likes it too !
 I started out 9 years ago by buying one of these for my first grandson -LRB- who is now 9 years old and he still has it ! -RRB- And then my niece had her first child and my second grandson was born , so I decided to make it a tradition for all children born in our family and close friends ... . their first little red wagon came from me either with a stuffed toy in it or baby items for a newborn ! By the time they are toddlers they love playing with it - pulling it around and putting all their other favorite things in it!A great gift for around $ 20 . that will last a lifetime ! I 'm hoping that my first grandson will be the first to pass his on to his own child some day when he grows up ... Paula FunaroConnecticut
 I bought this little wagon to make a gift basket for a friend who is expecting her first little boy . It was perfect!It was easy to put together and rolled really well . And it withstood the kid test -LRB- my 3 meanies - 6 , 4 , and 1 -RRB- did n't manage to break it.I filled the wagon with lots of goodies for the mom-to-be and wrapped it in clear cellophane . It was adorable . Everyone loved the idea !
 My Mom Has dolls and she needed awagon so it would have something to sit in so the lil wagon was just perfect . .
 I had a small wagon like this that came in a Christmas basket that I won in a drawing years ago . It just sat around in a corner until I had a new granddaughter 4 years ago . Then she had a sister come along 3 years ago and they both wanted to play with it . They pull their babies and other things around the house all the time . I never thought I would find another one - so now there is no fighting over the wagon at least !!! Just understand it is very small but does n't take up much room in the house and entertains the little ones .
 The wagon was adorable and my granddaughter loved it , It is durable but will not be used very long as she is tall for 21mons . The educational part , well I think it helps with co-ordination . I would like it to be larger so it would last longer .
 Our 20-month-old has beat this wagon up - and it keeps going ! It 's just the right size for her to pull around the driveway and the yard - being filled with all sorts of stuff.I did take a little while to assemble , with tools ... so do n't let the little ones see the box until it 's together .
 We bought this for our 18 mth old . He is the perfect height to pull this around . His brothers and sisters but stuffed animals in it for him . I would recommend this for any child this age .
 I love love love this toy little red wagon ! My son does as well . It 's so cute & is exactly like the regular full size wagon .
 love the size and overall quality of these little red wagon and for the price you ca n't go wrong . I bought 12 ! And i 'm using them as centerpieces for my son 's one year old birthday party this June : - -RRB-
 I bought this little wagon for my 5 year old grandbaby for Chrismas , so it has n't been played with yet to see how it stands up to a real kid . I have to say I am a tiny bit worried about the screws coming loose - since you have to assemble it yourself . But assembly was uncomplicated and just to be sure I glued all the screws in with a real good glue . Also the metal is nice and heavy , just like the full size version . Anyway , this is that same great little red wagon that every kid since the beginning of time has either had or wish they had . We could never afford this wagon as children in my own family but we always had friends that had them so we still had all the fun even without actual ownership . So when I saw this small version at such a great price , I just had to get it for my little grandgirl . I know she will find a ton of uses for it and I will have fun watching her .
 I bought this wagon as a decoration and not a toy -- if I was going to have it as a toy I would have a big problem with the wheels being stiff so if you are getting this for a toddler beware of the stiff wheels . The wagon is very small which is what I was looking for . However , you are going to be shocked at the size of the box that this Radio Flyer wagon comes in -- it 's really really small ... overall I am very satisfied !
 I love this little wagon ! I use it as a planter with `` Mother hen and her chicks '' planted in it . They grow and multiply and I have had many compliments from people . The people from the Nursery asked me where I got it .
 We purchased the wagons for a baby shower centerpiece , and they were adorable ! The wheels are a little difficult to put on the wagon , but worth the trouble . We received the wagons very quickly and they were in great condition . Everyone loved them !
 This wagon is so stinkin ' cute . Not really functional , but I am pretty sure that was not the intent . A little hard for a little one to pull around because the handle is so small but a lot of fun to load and unload .
 Very cute toy . Great for display only . I had to assembable it when i got it .
 I have always wanted this little red wagon . It is so cute and very durable . The price was great and shipping was fairly quick .
 It was just what I was looking for but I was afraid it would n't be here on time as it was a gift . It arrived a couple of days before it was scheduled so everything worked out great !
 Wonderful for what I needed it for . My son stopped drinking and I got this as a Christmas present to show how everyone was supportive of him .
 &#34; Santa &#34; delivered this red wagon to us around Christmas . I have seen some reviews that rate that this wagon is too small , and that the wheels do n't turn properly , but this was just the right size for our toddler , who absolutely loves it . We also had no issues whatsoever with the wheels . Santa did good on this one !
 I had a sock monkey and red wagon theme for my son 's birthday . I ordered this little wagon to use as decoration . I ended up putting all the hamburger and hot dog condiments in it and it was a great hit at the party . Now my son pulls it around and takes his various toys for a ride .
 My 11 month old boy loved a simliar small little red wagon at my mom 's house . He had been walking for about a month , and was already pulling it around her house whenever we were there . It was still a little too big for him to manage . I was so exited to find this one for him . It is the perfect size for a toddler . I bought it for his first birthday , and it is one of his favorite toys !
 Bought this as a gift . The recipient was thrilled , and it 's now on display with a couple of stuffed animals in it .
 this little wagon is perfect for my 14 month old boy he loves to put things in it and pull it around the house
 I bought this as a decoration for my son 's 2nd birthday and he has used it every day since . He loves to load up all of his cars or other toys and cart them around the house . It is one of the most used toys in our home . It 's the best decoration I 've ever bought !
 This little wagon was used to make a memorial gift . It was perfect . Unusual yes but went to the heart of the deceased loved ones .
 I have twin girls who got these for their 1st birthday and they love them . My husband put them together very quickly and immediately they were filling them with stuff , pounding on them and pushing them all around . They are literally hours of fun !
 You 'd think between the description `` Little , '' and the photo of a tiny teddy bear , and a tiny child , I would have realized that it is not a full-sized red wagon . I have no excuse . Now that you 've read this , you REALLY have no excuse.Otherwise it 's fine .
 Very cute and well made toy . Use it for your doll collectibles , or other fun display ideas like a plan holder . Love the idea of putting in a garden bed with plants .
 My 9 month old son loves this little Radio Flyer wagon . Not much purpose to it , like the larger version , but it still makes a great toy for the kiddos
 I used this toy as the holder for the easter goodies . it held very well & he can use it after easter . i recommend this toy to lil ' boys who enjoy going out .
 Each time a new baby is born into our family , my husband buys one of these wagons and then &#34; tricks &#34; it out to fit the personality of our new addition . This one got big wheels on the rear , a sparkly buttoned cushion , some pin striping , and a personalized license plate . It was the most talked about and photographed Christmas gift this year !
 The secret is out
 I chose this wagon because it is made of metal , not your typical plastic . I believe it will last our grandson a long time . He saw the one I had and said he would like one , so it is part of his Christmas gifts from us .
 Very nice quality , sturdy , perfect for my granddaughters . I am putting a doll and a stuffed dogs in each one ... . great Christmas present . They can pull their dolls around !
 This is a great toy for a little kid to use to carry all their other toys around the house !
 I 'm not good with dimensions , because I had no idea the wagon would be so small . It 's cute , it works , but it 's too small and not worth the price .
 My one year old loved to pull this around inside the house . That was 5 years ago and now his little sister is enjoying it . Because we rarely used it outside it 's still pristine . It is small but great for driving around a small set of books and toys . A nice prop for toddler photos too ... a small bouquet of flowers , fall leaves and pumpkin , etc. . . My fondest memory of this wagon was seeing Daddy pulling the large red wagon full of firewood while our two year old pulled a pieces of kindling in his . Great male bonding and so adorable !
 Bought this little wagon for granddaughter 's 1st birthday . Did not realize how small this wagon was because I ordered it in such a rush . Granddaughter puts her little toys in and out of it . She just started walking and I hope she will start pulling the wagon around soon . Radio flyer makes a good product .
 We have the ATW Radio Flyer wagon that my 2 y.o loves to ride on and because of this , she would pull at anything she would see with a string , rope , ribbon or belt and pretend that she was pulling a wagon . So I decided to buy her this little red wagon so that she could have a real one to pull with . She would put all sorts of toys in it . The handle is not that long and a 3 yo or older would probably have a difficult time pulling this wagon . This wagon could also be a nice decorative ornament/accessory for a kids playroom .
 I love this wagon and so does my son . He is small , but at 31.5 inches tall , the handle just got too short . The handle does n't turn all too well and the front wheels tend to stick in a turned position but the wheels on ours spin just fine . I agree it 's mostly a display item as most toddlers are too big for using it . But we got lucky with our little one being so little , we got a lot of play out of it . He used to sit in it when he was 10 months old , then started pulling on it and still loves it at 2 years old . He does n't care the handle is too short as when he forces me to push his block wagon , I do n't want to bend over so I lift up the front wheels and here we go , so he feels like Mommy when he walks around with the wagon with the front wheels up in the air . Again , great toy for small kids and a great display item .
 After reading the reviews posted here , I was a bit hesitant to order this toy wagon . However , since I wanted to use it as a `` easter basket '' to hold some small stuffed easter gifts for my 21 month old grandson , I decided that it would be just fine for that use . I am not sure why the wheels on the wagon do n't turn for some of the reviewers here , but the one that I bought works just fine . The wheels turn without any problem . The wagon is really cute and I know my grandson will love pulling it around the house with his toys in it .
 I bought this wagon for my 1 1/2 year old daughter so she could tote around her toy hippo -- she initially tried to sit herself in it , but she got upset when she could n't fit :-RRB- It is very cute and a perfect toy for her .
 I 'll use it under my Christmas tree each year to hold small items for display . It is small , but sturdy .
 I really like this little red wagon I use it just for looks to set around and at Christmas I set it under tree & it is so cute !
 Making a great gift for a baby shower . ThxSmall in size but perfect to put baby items in for a little boy gift !!!!!!
 We purchased this a birthday present for our one year old Grandson , it is just the perfect size . It took a little while to put together , so glad we decided to do that and gift it to him complete rather than in the box.I would recommend this purchase , it came quickly and without damage .
 I have a small dog and I use this for her toys . She will pull the wagon with her toys around the room.Great product .
 Love this little wagon . It can be used as a cute photo prop . Play toy for your child . Gave it a 4 instead of a five , because when we were putting the wheels together the red plastic covers that go over the metal rod were really tight and the metal popped thru the platic runining the red covers . It still functions well , just looks silly to be brand new .
 This really is a very small wagon ... perfect for decorating and fun for small children . We used it for decorating at a birthday party and our two and four year olds play with it on occasion to store or move toys around the play room .
 Wagon was delivered on time . I used it as a centerpiece for my little girls Elmo birthday . It was exactly what I wanted n she loves it .
 I bought this for my grandson 's first birthday party ... my daughter 's theme was little red wagon . This will be perfect to use as a serving platter on the table . Will either use to put the buns in for the barbecue , or will fill with ice and put a glass dish of potato salad in it . Will be perfect after the party for him to pull around the house . JUST LOVE THIS ! Exactly what I was looking for .
 It 's a Radio Flyer . They 've been around forever . Some brands diminish and lose quality over time to save a buck , but so far so good on this one .
 My little girl loves this wagon . Just remember , it is very small . Just large enough for a toddler to pull a favorite stuffed animal and maybe a couple of toys .
 We use the wagon and made a candy bouquet out of it for a Baby shower , it looks great just want we needed
 I bought this as a gift for my nieces , there was some assembly required but luckily it did n't take too long and both the girls were playing in no time ! This was the perfect size for their dolls and small toys .
 This wagaon was great deal , priced right and shipped quickly . It is easy to assemble and perfect for dolls or small displays .
 love the non-plastic material and play value for both inside and outside the house ; it 's easily portable to a park , etc. .
 This is an action figure of former WWF Superstar Jimmy Valiant . Brother of -LRB- in the wrestling world -RRB- Luscious Johnny Valiant -LRB- manager in the 1980s -RRB- . It 's a nice figure .
 I look for fun colors to work with in a puzzle and this one is beautiful . It kept me happily busy for hours without being frustrating . I will look for more puzzles like this one .
 We 're partway through assembling this puzzle and it 's a lot of fun . The art is well done -LRB- though some of the mammal faces look a bit squashy -RRB- and there are so many animals that we keep finding pieces and saying `` Whose head is this ? I did n't know there was a ___ in this puzzle ! `` The box comes well sealed to avoid any pieces being lost in delivery -LRB- the box is sealed shut , and the pieces are in a bag inside -RRB- and there 's an identification key on the back for both the animals and plants pictured .
 My daughter loves this toy , especially when she gets it to play `` Old McDonald '' . She will play in it for up to 30 minutes at a time . This has been one of the only ways that my husband and I have been able to eat dinner at the same time since she was born . This toy is definitely worth the money , and we have only been using it for a couple of months . I also like that you can turn off the sound portion if you want to .
 This item was one of the last we registered for when our son was born . I read a lot of reviews and the Baby Einstein line impressed us in general.Let me tell you something , we started sticking our little Bub in this thing at three months , and now , three months later -LRB- an eternity ... haha -RRB- it is STILL one of his favorite places to be.The wonderful thing about this toy is that your child can grow into it -LRB- literally ... the adjustable heights are a godsend -RRB- . It has been a lot of fun watching move from accidentally rolling the noisemaker part to constantly attmepting to elicit Old MacDonald to FINALLY figuring out that the star was a giant teething lollipop.The best part though , has been seeing him manipulate the catepillar and moving parts . What I am trying to say is that this toy allows your child to move through stages . Even though the neighbor girl is kinda tall for it at 18 months , she still gets a kick out of it every time she comes over , just from the outside.It 's very tactile and rewarding for little ones and big ones alike.Definitely worth the money . * UPDATE * Bub is 8 months old now and STILL loves this thing . He is rough with stuff , and we have had NO ISSUES with durability or flaking or any of that . Not sure what the deal is with all those comments . He really enjoys swiveling around and around and we are still happy with this toy .
 We have a tiny 5 month old girl who loves this activity center . My husband set it up much too soon for her to be able to use it , and since she is on the smaller side for her age I suggested we wait until she was 4 months old to use it . He secretly put her in it to have fun sooner than I had wanted , but she LOVES it ! We put rolled up receiving blankets in front of her and behind her initially to help her have more control while in there , recently we took out the blanket in front of her so she can reach the toys more easily to of course put in her mouth !!! She really enjoys being in there , and moving her self around to try new toys when she tires of one . The toy that makes animal sounds and lights up is great , it says the name in english , then spanish , then each has it 's own tune . She really likes being able to play the sounds herself by touching it . The other toys are great too , some are soft while others are good for her to teeth on . What a great pick ! We chose this while I was pregnant , and had no idea what a baby would like , luckily we were right on the money .
 My son is 6 months old . We purchased this after trying it at a neighbors house . He loves it . All of the toys are interesting to him . He has a jumperoo as well but he looses interest pretty fast , I usually only have time for a bowl of cereal . With this play center I can enjoy my morning coffee too . The only draw back is the soft blocks did n't come with the ribbon attached as shown on the floor model . He has always enjoyed playing with the tag on soft toys and it helps improve his fine motor skills . I 'm dissapointed the ribbons were missing . All in all it 's worth every penny .
 My daughter loves this , she is six months old and we 've had it for three weeks now and she is not tired of it . I put it in the kitchen and it is great while I am fixing dinner . She likes the sounds and can play with all of the toys herself without help . She can even turn the pages of the `` book '' and I had thought that would be too difficult . I completely recommend this product
 Our baby loves playing in this!The toys are great ; she 'll work her way around the center and play with the different toys.She loves the music and animal sounds . When she first used it , she could n't reach the bottom and we had to put a box so her feet/legs would n't just hang or dangle . -LRB- She 's average in size and was able to hold herself up , so she was ready to use the activity center , but even in the highest position she could n't reach the bottom . -RRB- Now she sits in it nicely and does n't need the box .
 I bought this when my daughter was about 7 months old -LRB- however she was a preemie at 28 weeks , so she was really about 4 months -RRB- because I thought she needed a challenge to stand up and she loves music . Although the entertainer is still too big for her height-wise , I put a pillow under her and she loves it . She loves the circle with the animals -LRB- when pushed , says animal name in english , spanish , and has music -RRB- and both suns . She is mastering pushing the balls on the wire now and gets so excited when she can do things on her own . She loves to turn around so she can play with all the parts . I love this entertainer . It is easy to clean , easy to move around , and allows me to shower without having to worry about my baby -LRB- I have it sent so it does n't roll -RRB- . My husband and I both enjoy watching our daughter learn new skills with this entertainer .
 My baby loved this toy when she was 5 months old , and played with it daily until she became mobile -LRB- crawling -RRB- at about 6 months old , then she did not want to be contained anymore . She is now 10 months old and will sometimes pull herself up on it and play with a toy for a couple minutes , but refuses to sit in the seat . I bought this toy on the recommendation of a friend , I think it 's great for 5-6 month olds , or perhaps if your child is not yet mobile , but it 's an expensive toy to only be used for 2 months . Try and borrow one or buy used !
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 5 mos . She instantly fell in love . I looked at several different types before purchasing anything . This one had everthing I wanted . When older kids come over they want her to get in so they can play with it and her . I thought it was expensive for such a short-term toy , but I am very pleased with our purchase . It is worth the money
 i looked online for several weeks before deciding on the baby Einstein entertainer . It was easy to assemble when i got it home . My daughter who is 4 mo. will play happily in this for 10-15 min at a time . She loves looking at at the toys and will even push buttons . It is well worth the money .
 We purchased this item used and it is so far the best toy we 've bought thus far . Your child can safely use this exersaucer -LRB- or any exersaucer for that matter -RRB- as long as he/she ca n't walk and is n't too tall for it . My son loves all the toys , not just a few . He really enjoys the animal buttons , although gets frustrated when he ca n't make it play music right away . You have to push the same button four times consecutively without pushing any other buttons . That is a difficult task at this age . He only loses patience when he 's tired though . The other toy he really loves is the dragon puppet . I stick my hand in it and talk to my son in a different voice . He loves the interaction and the dragon was the first toy he sort of `` kisses . '' He also pulls himself up and stands holding on to the exersaucer and plays with the toys that way . I put the stabilizers down so it does n't rock and it sort of unofficially functions as an activity table . The exersaucer shows no wear even though my son is the second child to use it . It washes clean very easily and the seat is removable to throw in the wash if need be .
 I got this from a friend and my son LOVES it . Not much else to say . it adjusts in height has the base supports for the younger days . The puppet is for parent interaction but the angle is very uncomfortable .
 I bought this for my 4 month old daughter . She loves it . It gives her alot of stimulation with all the different colors , toys and sounds . She loves being in it .
 My 5 month old son LOVES this gym . . it is fun , educational and it keeps him occupied for long periods of time if I need to get something done around the house . It has many things to do on it . . and it also teaches both English and Spanish words . His favorite is the little round twisty things that make noise when you turn them . This item is a little more expensive but worth the money . . it 's sturdy and durable . The reason I took away a star was because one of the little leg attachments along the bottom that make the gym stand still . . kept on falling through the hole because the plastic piece was n't strong enough . I had to place a napkin inside so it would n't move . Now it 's fine . Still in all , I recommend this item to any Mom . . also a great shower gift idea .
 This Entertainer has served so many purposes ! My baby started using it around 5 months old and still loves it now that he is 8 months . We purchased a stationary bouncer as well that he began using at 4 months . He lost interest in it around 6 months . In this Baby Einstein Entertainer , he has so many options for what to play with and what to look at . The sounds and toys offer such a variety of fun and stand up to his happy beatings . Well worth the money !
 Purchased for our 12 # 4mos old grandson for Christmas and he loves all of the creatures/characters that are on it - lots to play with !!! Keeps his attention while allowing him to exercise his legs and strenghthen his back muscles !! Would highly recommend !
 my granddaughter , Lucy is 7 months , 22 lbs and 2 ' 4 '' tall . carrying her is quite a workout for me . i can pop her in the baby einstein and she and i can play face to face . we especially like the music . Lucy hits the animal till there is music and waits to see what her silly nana does . i wish they had these when my girls were growing up .
 I would most definitely recommend this product because it keeps my daughter 's attention . It has sounds and music , many varied activities , and a mirror so she can entertain herself . I was n't sure about getting this type of item , and did n't with my first child , but it is wonderful for keeping my second daughter occupied while I feed or change my oldest . The only negative is that I ca n't figure out how to detach the seat for washing , but this is far overshadowed by all the wonderful aspects of this item .
 My son loved this toy , but only sat in it for a few months . Months later we still have it out because he loves to play the music on it . I had no problem with the quality or design of this toy . But it was n't worth the expense for us , because my son is too mobile to enjoy being stuck in the seat for long .
 I like this Graco intertainer center a lot . I was hesitant thinking it will be too noise , but it has the right level of noise , several activities and my baby is happy exploring it . I put other toys to create some variety . She likes to jump and I noticed that that helped her a lot to get stronger -LRB- she is 7 months -RRB- .
 My five month old absolutely loves this activity center ! He is an active baby who loves to stand -LRB- supported of course -RRB- and grab things . In this Center , the lowest height settings allows him to stand and reach all of the toys without any assistance . Plus , each toy provides him with different stimulation . And he loves when his father plays with the puppet ! We would highly recommend this toy !
 We bought the caterpillar activity center about a week ago , and I absolutly love it . My daughter is 5 months old and was getting to big to play under her activity gym . -LRB- I would put her under it and a minute later she would be turned around , out from under it , and trying to kick it over ! -RRB- Anyway , my husband was skeptical at first and it took some convincing , but he decided to give it a try . We took our daughter to the store to try them out and she Loved the Baby Einstein caterpillar . We also have read research that says if babies are exposed to other languages at a young age , then as and adult they will learn foreign languages faster and easier . So , a few hours later and a very easy assembly , our daughter could n't be any happier . Her hand-eye coordination has drastifcally improved and she is even doing better at sitting up without assistance . She plays with all the toys , and we could n't be any happier . If you do n't own this , Go out and buy it today ! It will not only make life more fun for your child , it will make your day much easier . Everyone loves a happy and entertained baby !
 We have had this activity center about 6 weeks now and our 7 month old loves it . We originally were not going to purchase this sort of toy but seeing how he enjoyed the one at day-care , we relented . Our son is also tall and we appreciate the additional height allowance . It can rock or add legs to stabilize it.The unit was straightforward enough to put together , although some of the pieces just required brute strength to insert them firmly into the holes !! We stripped the screw for the battery cover on the electronic unit . I contacted the manufacturer and they sent a replacement within a week . Great service , no questions asked!I like the way that not all the toys are plastic - there is a cloth `` sun '' and also some bendy blocks . Of course , at this age everything goes into the mouth . He seems to like all of the different toys and rotates amongst them for about 20 minutes at a time and then he seems to get frustrated that he can not actually move anywhere ! But still , we found it to be worth the money and to be sturdy and well made .
 Easy to clean , full of activities , engaging for baby -- this activity center has it all . A few friends complained about the price and chose a cheaper activity center and all complained about the poor quality . The quality of this product is superior , no surprise . Overall , Baby Einstein products deliver the goods .
 I purchased the Baby Einstein Discover & Play stationary activity center last April . While it has been a good toy for my child , please note that the soft stacking 3 piece part -LRB- square , circle , triangle -RRB- is defective . The plastic -LRB- lamination ? -RRB- covering the pictures sewn into the soft cloth/foam peels off in large pieces that could be a choking hazard for children . I removed the part from the activity center and notified Graco by email that they consider reviewing the manufacture of this part .
 My daughter used a similar one at day care so we decided to buy one . This one had the best ratings and reviews . The reviews were so right . She loves it . She will play in it for hours . When she was 3 months old we put a phone book under her feet for support . She even figured out how to turn it to play with each toy.Now this is her favorite toy we own . I recommend this for any new parent to entertain their baby .
 We affectionately call it the `` play station . '' PROS
 My son is 4 1/2 months old and grew very tired of the cradle swing and the bouncer we bought him . He constantly needed to be entertained . I bought him a Winnie The Pooh walker about 2 weeks ago , once we put him in it , he screamed , he hated it . My husband was n't too thrilled with the idea of buying an exersaucer because he thought it would n't keep a baby entertained . My sister told us about Baby Einstein . After going online and doing some research we decided to go shopping for some more toys . We bought the Discover & Play Sun Activity toy by Baby Einstein and our little one loved it right away , he layed on the floor for almost 2 hours playing with it the first night , for almost 2 weeks this has been the one toy he wants.We wanted to research some activity centers before spending a lot of money on something like this . We read all the reviews about each activity center and decided that we should look at them in the store . My father and I went to the store on Monday and took measurements on each of the centers I liked . The baby einstein would adjust to 32 inches -LRB- which was great because my son is already tall for his age -RRB- . I did n't purchase it right then , I decided to talk to my husband once more , and he finally agreed that this was something we should get . This store -LRB- the only place that carried the baby einstein activity center -RRB- is about 65 miles from where we live , so we decided to wait until the weekend since I had already made the trip that day . After spending all day Tuesday with my baby , having to constantly entertain him , I told my husband as soon as he walked in the door from work that I was going to the toy store to buy this activity center -LRB- I needed something to occupy him for atleast a little while so I cook , clean , etc. throughout the day -RRB- . I made the trip once again , only this time I bought the center . I got home last night pretty late , decided to put this together while my husband was still awake -LRB- I 'm not that great at putting things together -RRB- . I can honestly say that I put this together in about 20 minutes without the help of my husband , the instructions were easy to follow . I read some reviews where they said the seat cover was hard to install and take off , I had no problems installing it , I even took it back off twice to make sure I had it right . Again , no problems.My son was already asleep , so I knew it would n't be until the morning before he saw this . He woke up this morning , and once I took him to the living room to feed him , he immediately spied the activity center and started jumping in my arms , cooing . I got him settled down enough to take his bottle . Once the feeding was over , he kept trying to sit himself up in my lap , still jumping and cooing . I put him in the center , and he started laughing and playing with the different toys . He 's already figured out how to make himself turn -LRB- I thought this would take a couple of days -RRB- . He loves the book , he keeps turing the pages and cooing at the animals . My 9 year old was playing with the puppet and making him laugh , this was a great interaction toy for the 2 of them . This activity center has kept my baby occupied for more than an hour . He 's sitting in the room laughing and playing and has no idea that I 'm in another room typing this . When I walk back into the room to check on him , it 's like I 'm not even there.I would definitely reccommend this to any new parent . I can already tell it 's going to be a great investment for us . *** This was very easy to put together *** The toys are educational as well as fun entertainment for baby and family *** The smiles you 'll get from your baby will be priceless .
 We bought this for our 7 month old daughter and she is happily laughing in it as I type this . She has proceeded to work her way around in the spinning chair to examine each and every one of the toys . She was thrilled that she can play with everything all by herself.It has three adjustable heights to grow with our little one and we liked the toys as they are not as hard as some of the others that we looked at.This is a big winner-giving her a bit of independence and Daddy and I the joy of seeing her beautiful face light up with happiness .
 I LOVE the BABY EINTSTEIN activtiy center and ca n't get my 4 month old boy out of it ! I had initially gone to the store to purchase the leap frog learn and groove , but was drawn to the BABY EINSTEIN after taking a closer look at the 2 products . I am a seasoned mom , with this being my 4th child ~ this first activity center could n't keep up my 3 boys and nephew had used it . So needless to say I need a product that can hold up to not only my 4th child , but to his 6 , 4 and 2 year old brothers that want to `` help '' him play in it . There are so many different kinds of educational toys on it to learn animals , colors , foods , animal sounds , music and shapes . You absolutely ca n't go wrong with the BABY EINSTEIN product . ANOTHER big bonus is the product will grow more with the child since it is good up until 32 inches . It also weighs significantly LESS than the leap frog product ~ 6 pounds less . Do n't miss out on purchasing and/or registering for this product , it will be money well spent .
 For my baby shower I received the Fisher Price Jumperoo and my son enjoyed it but would still get bored quickly in it.We have a very small house and it was just to bulky and with a 25 lb weight limit my son would grow out of it before he really could enjoy it . I felt strongly about getting him and exersaucer that he could enjoy for a long time and this Baby Einstein fit the bill . Our son is 4 months old and he absolutely loves this Caterpiller Entertainer and he will play in it until he wears himself out . My husband and I enjoy the fact that he is able to pretty much play with everything and that as he grows he will also be able to learn from it . My son loves the blocks and the animal buttons -LRB- especially the cow . -RRB- This is totally worth the money and it will not dissapoint you .
 My 5 month-old son LOVES the Baby Einstein videos , so I was excited about buying the exersaucer for him . HE LOVES EVERYTHING on this thing ! He can now spin all the way around to explore the toys and he loves to make it rock back and forth . His favorite is the animal sounds buttons . He gets so excited when I put him in it and will stay entertained the entire time . It may seem like a lot of money to spend on a toy , but trust me , it 's DEFINITELY worth every penny .
 I am not one to write reviews because everyone has different experiences and there is no right or wrong opinion , but after purchasing this toy , I just had to share my experience . In my opinion , the Baby Einstein Discover and Play Activity Center is leaps and bounds above the rest.My son has just turned 6 months and I am only sorry that I waited so long to purchase one . We were looking for an Entertainer that would grown with him and since he is already off the charts in height , the maximum height was a determining factor in our final decision . This was the only one I found that went to 32 inches instead of the standard 30 . It was incredibly easy to assemble and he loves it.Some of the other activity centers that we tried out were very busy , had so many toys to choose from that it seemed to overwhelm him , and the toys came off . This had just enough toys to keep him entertained but not over stimulated . The colors are eye-catching , the rattler and spinners are easy enough for him to manipulate and there is a part that speaks the animal names in both English and Spanish and plays music . Best of all , every toy was anchored to the Center . He is also able to turn around in the seat and look at all the toys almost effortlessly.It is great to watch the excitement on his face when he gets in . I have peace of mind while he is in the Activity Center and I can finally get some things done around the house . This toy is an investment and well worth every penny . It keeps his attention and is great for his developing motor skills . I love this Activity Center !!!!!
 After reading plenty of reviews -LRB- like you are doing now -RRB- about entertainers , I chose this one because of its better-than-the-rest safety reviews . Our 4 month old really loves this and has worked up to about 15 or 20 minutes at a time.She can JUST about stand flat-footed , but not quite , so we put a bath mat under her feet , which works great because the rubber back does n't slip around when she tries to twist herself , and the rug gives her more traction than just her socks on the plastic bottom . Also , we put her in the seat backwards as she does n't have 100 % control over herself yet , and it really helps ; she is able to lean against the high part of the seat , yet her arms are still over the top to play with the toys.Not many cons to this product . If I had to nitpick , I might take off the hand puppet - it seems to be too close and just gets in her way , and she has no interest in playing with it . This is a great product !
 My husband and I bought this for our son Cameron when he was 3 months old . He was holding his head up well and we thought we could just try it . His feet touched but not quite enough so we placed a book beneath him . He initially just sat in one place and played , but eventually he learned to turn himself around in it . It took a few times of putting him in it until he got use to it and now at almost 6 months he is still in it . He LOVES it and not only does it entertain he now uses the sun and star to chew on to help his teething . This activity center has been well worth the money . It has a great variety of toys and the animal sounds with english , spanish and a song are great . I highly recommend this . It is great and grows with the child !
 This is well worth the money ! My daughter loves this and it keeps her entertained for a long time !!
 The first time I used your service was in August 2005 . I paid for 2 day delivery and the item took 2 weeks to be delivered.This time , when the original box was rec 'd it was totally opened and was refused due to the fact that parts were missing.The second time this package was delivered , the box was left in the back of the house with no note on the door . We never rec 'd packages in the back of the house . No one was home so no one even knew it was there . Also , again the box was totally ripped and opened . Only this time all the parts were there . Either there is a problem with the packaging of the items or it is being totally destroyed during shipment . Either way THIS IS A HUGE PROBLEM and I AM TOTALLY UNHAPPY WITH AMAZON .
 MY BABY IS 4 MONTHS . SHE IMMEDIATELY LOVED IT . SHE STAYS IN THIS ACTIVITY CENTER MORE THAN ANY OTHER PRODUCT I HAVE . THIS PRODUCT WAS EASY TO ASSEMBLE.IT IS VERY COLORFUL AND ATTRACTS BABYS ATTENTION . THE ONLY PROBLEMS I INCOUNTERED WERE WITH THE BATTERY OPERATED TOY . THE SCREW DOESN , ' T COME OUT . I CALLED THE COMPANY AND THEY ARE SHIPPING OUT THE ENTIRE TOY FREE OF CHARGE . I AM NOT THRILLED EITHER ABOUT THE SPANISH TRANSLATION . I DO NOT AGREE WITH THAT , I WOULD PREFER ONLY ENGLISH . I SEEMED TO HAVE TROUBLE SNAPPING IN THE BOOK BUT I EVENTUALLY DID AFTER NUMEROUS TRIES.I DO SUGGEST THAT YOU KEEP THE BOX AND RECIEPT . IF ANYTHING BRAKES OR IS DEFECTIVE JUST CALL THE COMPANY AND THEY WILL TRY TO RESOLVE THE PROBLEM QUICKLY . THIS IS AN EXPENSIVE TOY AND YOU SHOULD GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH .
 My 4 month old son loves his Baby Einstein gym . He gets really excited when we put him in it . He loves to turn around and look at all his toys . I would highly recommend this to parents .
 I ca n't say enough about how much I love this item . We started our son in it when he was only 3 1/2 -4 months old . He loves every thing about it . The animal noices are his favorite -LRB- he now growls because of the lion -RRB- . I carry it from room to room and it allows me to cook and clean . It 's a lifesaver , I would highly recommend it .
 My baby girl is just 5 months old and loves playing in this exersaucer . Assembly was easy , there is something to help with all areas of development both big and small motor skills . I love that it 's stationary as I would not purchase a walker for my girl due to the hazards associated with same yet it gives her ample opportunity to turn around and stand up and use differnet muscles .
 I bought this activity center when my baby was 5 months old , he loved it !!! Now he is 11 months old and he still likes to play around -LRB- and sometimes inside -RRB- .
 It was great to see my son grow into this toy . At three months he could barely maneuver one of the toys on the activity center . Little by little he has come to enjoy every single toy on the activity center . He is now six months and loves to be in it . As usualy Baby Einstein knows what babies like .
 My daughter -LRB- just turned 6 months -RRB- loves her new saucer !! She does n't quite meet the criteria as her sitting skills are n't the best , but that has n't stopped her from having a great time in this thing ! I researched carefully , and then went to Babies-r-us to actually let her try a couple out before deciding to buy . I recommend this to everyone as some of the other babies there obviously were NOT happy about being in a saucer . I even asked my pediatrician after reading comments about saucers interfering with hip development -LRB- she said saucers were fine - but no walkers -RRB- . The only complaint I can find is that she enjoys the electronic portion of this a little too much -- but if you can stand the moowoofquackdogperrooldmcdonaldhadafarm this may be a great investment for your child .
 This is in the top 3 MUST HAVE items for a baby . My son has used it everyday for the past 6 months and he 's not tired of it ! -LRB- The key is to only have them in it for shorter periods of time so it 's always new to them . -RRB- We even schlep it up to our summer house -LRB- we would have bought another one , but he 'll be out of it soon -RRB- and the top and bottom disconnect easily , although it is still pretty big ... I love the music box that has a cow , cat , dog and duck and when the child presses one of the buttons , it will say the name of the animal in English , then in Spanish and then play a part of a song -- all the songs are different for each animal and best of all , they 're not annoying ! My son also likes the plastic book of the four animals and since it is a little difficult to turn the pages , he 'll concentrate for several minutes on that activity . I 'm so sad he 'll be outgrowing this -- it has been a lifesaver !
 I have a 3 month old daughter and I just baught the Baby Einstein Activity Center . I had read all the reviews and found it to be the best . Some people had said that it was hard to put together but my husband put it together in about 15 minutes and did not have a bit of trouble . I put my daughter in it right away and she loved it . I 'm glad that I went with the Baby Einstein and I would recommend everyone to spend the little extra and get one for their infant , it will pay you back in valuble alone time in the future .
 We got this for her at 3 and half months . We had a playmat , but she was rolling over and ending up on the floor so it was time to upgrade . We looked at a bunch , some that had lots of little toys all over it , some that bounced , the leapfrog ones too . I liked the look of the Baby Einstein , and already had videos to tie it in with . In the store , we sat her in it , and instantly I could see that she was engaged . She was just learning to master her grabbing technique and her eyes were intensely looking at the sun - which rattles ! She is now six months and is overjoyed with with all of the features of this toy . From the three rollers that have different sounds -LRB- bells , beeds , and snappy sounds -RRB- to the puppet and sun that she likes to chew on , the globe she likes to spin , and finally the animal buttons . Those are great , each time she touches the button it does something different . The middle , which is a duck , quacks , on the first touch , then says `` duck '' , on the second touch , says `` duck '' in spanish -LRB- pato -RRB- , and third touch , plays classical music -LRB- each time the music comes on she smiles and wiggles !! -RRB- . The same idea applies for the other 4 buttons , which are a cow , dog , cat and lion . A wonderful toy that fully engages your child , and as their mind develops , offers new perspective to the toys they were simply chewing on months before , soon she 'll look through the little book they have and be able to identify the animals ! This was the best purchase I 've made for my baby , and it 's was around $ 10 less then the Leapfrog toy .
 Someone on my pregnancy message board reccomended this product to me and I could not be more graetful . Our son is very long -LRB- 27.5 inches at four months -RRB- and what interested me initally was that this particular exersaucer accomodates babies up to 32 inches and most others on the market only accomodated babies up to 30 inches.As a parent I liked this product for a couple of reasons . Comparable products seemed to overwhelm me because I thought there were OVER stimulting , with more bells and whistles than I could count . And if I found them over stimulating as an adult I was concerned about my son 's reaction . I also like that there is only one feature that requires batteries , and all the other toys force the baby to use their hands -LRB- and mind -RRB- for exploration . I have no problem with electronic toys , but I do n't think that every toy we own needs to play music , light up , and vibrate . And this product was a nice balance for us.This saucer was easy to put together -LRB- I assembled it in 30 minutes -RRB- and our son loves it . We let him play with it in the store and he fell in love with the colors , the music and all of the activities for him . He can happily play in it for 30-40 minutes and it let 's me get a jump on things I need to do around the house . This product was definately worth the money .
 My mother bought this for my son when he was 4 months old . He automatically loved it , he likes hitting things and making lots of noise . Odin is one of those clingy babies that gets bored and whiny all the time , but when I put him in this he automatically starts playing with the buttons on the circular thing . On first touch , each animal makes it 's noise . On second touch , the name of the animal is sounded in English , and Spanish on the third . On the fourth touch , it plays a song . For the cat , you have to hit it three or four times to hear the whole song . Odin 's favorite is the duck , and when he starts whining , all I have to do is make the duck quack and he 's absolutely fascinated again.It 's also a nice toy because you can hook other things onto it . We 've got these rings with spaces on them that hook onto a tummytime mat , but I carry them everywhere with me because they 're one of his favorite toys . I hook them onto different toys on the entertainer and let him go to town . I also hooked a Leapster keyboard onto it that he makes noise with . It 's pretty versatile in that light.It is NOT a bouncer , it is a stationary entertainer with a seat that swivels 360 degrees . The bottom is rounded , but it 's sturdy . There are stabilizers in the package that you can put on the bottom if the rocking bothers you . It really does n't rock much at all though.It 's pretty tall , Odin is 6 months old now and still kind of tiptoes on it , but it does n't bother him in the least .
 My daughter has the best time with this thing . When she gets antsy I just rotate her to a different area of toys and she is good to go . The only thing I do n't like about this toy is , as another reviewer mentions , my baby spits up and drools on it and it is hard to clean the tray area around all of the little toys .
 This was a GREAT buy for us ... I was hesitant at first because it 's so expensive and I really did n't want another `` baby thing '' to clutter my house . But , after seeing how my 4.5 month old can entertain herself on it , I 'm sold ! And the sounds it makes are not annoying at all ... the classical music is nice !
 My son loved this exersaucer . I love how you can make it stationary , when they are small and let them rock it when they get bigger . We used this from the time my son was 3.5 months until he was about 10.5 months old . He loved it . It definitely distracted him long enough for me to make supper or take a quick shower . I feel like this product is very durable and sturdy . We are planning on using it with our next one due in a couple of months .
 we love this playyard ... I have twins and this provides hours of hands free time the twins love to sit in these while I make dinner and their siblings can easily sit and interact with them while they are sitting in it for even more fun . The toys are sturdy and the base as well as the entertainer are sooooo easy to clean . there is a wide varitey of toys in all kinds of colors and textures sure to please anyone .
 i bought this for my second granchild . the first one had his own and i was very impressed with it . the toy is useful for a long time from sitting up to 18 months . it seemed to help development while entertaining . it requires interaction , movement and provides fun .
 My 6 month loves it ! The side toys are very stimulating for her and it gives the opportunity to be upright for a good amount of time .
 We had the Evenflo Exersaucer when our son was a baby but decided to try something different with the Baby Einstein for our daughter . It is much better without all the bells , whistles and gadgets that could make a baby crazy . Colorful , practical and definitely entertaining . One quibble would be the kid 's voice for the animals . It sounds like he recorded the words under duress , or would rather have been doing something entirely different . I wish the voice could have a more enthusiastic tone -LRB- much like all the Fisher Price stuff -RRB- and say the words clearer.Other than that , very good and I expect my daughter -LRB- and my son -RRB- will have lots of fun with it .
 My little one loves this Play Entertainer ! Subsequently so do we ! We bought quite a few items to keep her entertained such as the Deluxe Jumparoo and Tiny Love floor play gym , but nothing compares to her love for her Baby Einstein Play Entertainer . Worth every penny , and more ! She never gets bored !
 We got this at 3 months because our not-so-little boy was getting to big for everything else . Now he 's 6 months old and he still loves this toy ~ and I love that it keeps him occupied long enough for dinner or a shower ! * s * He 's a big boy and quickly outgrew the bouncer and other `` baby '' toys so this was a godsend with the adjustments for size.He enjoys it so much that I have to put it out of sight at bedtime or he gets upset that he ca n't play some more.I have only two complaints and they are very minor but they leave me reluctant to give 5 stars : # 1 . it 's tough to clean . Drool , spitup and other baby stuff inevitably land on the table-like surface and once it gets in there under the rim of the seat it 's really hard to get out . # 2 . the star shaped toy comes loose ... regularly . It took my son all of a week to do it by accident and only a couple more days figure out how to get it off intentionally . He does so often now and then there are fits from the moment it hits the floor until mommy takes it away to wash it before reattaching . -LRB- this puts a damper on the shower/dinner PRO listed above -RRB- All in all , LOVE this product and recommend it over any other saucer type toys .
 Our 8 month old has been using this for a couple months now and still really likes it . It has lots of things for him to bite and put in his mouth . The only bad thing is when you do n't have the legs down , they stick up and are pretty sharp at the corners . One time our baby was on the ground and fell over , hitting his face on the leg , just BARELY missing his eye . After that , I could n't get one of the legs to stay down , so we had to tape it down but it still comes up part of the way . Just be careful about the legs . Otherwise , it 's a great product .
 My son , who is now 5 months , never cared for anything -LRB- swing , bouncie seat , pack and play , activity mat -RRB- so you can imagine how thrilled I was when he took to this ! We received this for my baby shower and it had been sitting in the box since , I figured he was too young , but I think I could have made good use of this when he was 4 months . He enjoys all the toys , and it took him no time to figure them all out , he enjoys rocking himself back and forth -LRB- although you can steady it if you wish -RRB- and he just really loves it . For a mom whos child didnt want to give her a minute alone , this has been a godsend . I highly recommend it over the other brands , which I felt were not as entertaining or verstile -LRB- grows with your baby -RRB-
 I am VERY impressed with this product . I , of course , read the reviews of all stationary entertainers and am so glad that I chose this one . It was easy to assemble -LRB- great for someone with little patience , like myself -RRB- and my 4 month old just loves it ! The colors are vivid and the unit itself is not as bulky as many others that I have seen . 100 % worth the money !!!!!
 Grandpa bought this toy for our baby girl for Christmas . She was 4.5 months old and able to hold her head well . She loved it from the beginning . At first she could only play in it for a few minutes at a time but day by day built up that time until she would play in it for at least an hour at a time and probably 3 hours a day . Now that she can crawl , she does n't enjoy it as much , but still plays in it each day . I wanted this one versus others because it has a taller height . My baby is now 9 months old and still has another adjustment before she will grow out of it . She loves it , I love it !
 I own two exersaucers for my twin sons , this one and the safari saucer . My sons seem to like this saucer more , and they also love all the other baby Einstein products!TOYS - > * Soft Green lizard puppet * Orange star on a twisty stick * Little sphere with a duck , cat , lion , cow and dog on it -LRB- makes music -RRB- * An arch with little rings on it * Soft shapes stacked ontop of eachother -LRB- makes music -RRB- * `` story book '' -LRB- makes music -RRB- * Sun on a twisted stick * Mini globe with beads inside * Spinny bar -LRB- makes music -RRB- This saucer is just so well made . The colors are fabulous , dark rich reds , blues and engaging colors on toys , and also the white tray has a glittery gloss to it . All the toys are VERY safe , my sons are 5 months old and have never been injured by any of them . The height adjustments hold my scrawny twins and my best friends 9 month old BIG girl ... Its super sturdy and it isnt a huge eyesore . You can have it stable , or push in the red pegs and it will rock!My sons adore the sun , I dont know what it is but its just so cute . They can spin in it with their arms , sort of , but they do need assistance -LRB- no fault to the spinning mechansim , just my boys are scrawny ! -RRB- The seat is made very nicely and very comfortable for my little guys , though they do need a blanket or two ! This saucer doesnt have as much `` snack '' room on the tray as the safari , but it could hold cheerios or what not.I love this sauver , and I could not want anything else , great for any little baby !
 My daughter loves this entertainer ! When she first was able to reach for things she was able to reach all of them -LRB- she is not very long -RRB- on the entertainer . She really uses all of the functions on the toy . Now that she is crawling and I sometimes need her contained this is the one toy that she does not fuss when I put her in . She teeths on the green cookie and dragon . She loves the spin toy and flips the book very easily . We have had the toy for about fives months , she plays with it every day and has not gotten sick of it yet !
 We purchased this entertainer for our baby at four months and he just loves it ! He seemed alittle young at first , but after using it for a few weeks now he seems to be getting better at grabbing the toys and jumping and everything else he can do in this entertainer . We put a blanket behind his back to keep him alittle more sturdy in it and he does n't wobble as much . The toys are very nice quality and I would say his favorite is the buttons that make animal sounds and play music . We purchased more einstein toys -LRB- the little giraffe , dragon , and lion that play music -RRB- and they are sitting on the tray on top . We also hooked a few other einstein toys on it and this really keeps him interested even longer . We keep this upstairs in our master bedroom so when we are upstairs he has a place that keeps him happy ! We have the smartsteps downstairs which is really nice but I actually like this one better and so does my baby ! My son really likes to play in this alittle before he goes to bed and it seems to really tire him out from all the excitement . The only thing , I ca n't get anything done when he 's in it because I just have to sit there watching him . My husband and I and even our other children get our entertainment watching the baby play in this , its so cute watching how excited he gets ! My 2 year old even loves the toys on this . We put our son in this in the store and right away we could see how happy he was in it . I also noticed the seat is alittle smaller inside which is better for younger babies . Our smartsteps in really large inside the seat and requires a larger blanket behind his back . Oh , and putting this together was so easy . I put this together in about 10 minutes . Our other entertainer was alot harder to put together . My husband did that one ! Overall , we are very happy with this toy and I think our baby will agree ! GREAT TOY !!!
 My son loves this entertainer and can spend up to an hour -LRB- and he is only 6.5 months old -RRB- playing in it with no signs of getting bored . The toys and attachments are well secured if you are a stickler for safety - so far nothing has dislogded from its position on the base . The seat cover is a little difficult to remove for washing -LRB- but I do n't mind because apart from the minor finger scratches getting it off , I know that the hooks keep my baby safely in the seat during play -RRB- . Also easy to clean , as I have learned since my son spits up over everything when he gets excited . Great entertainer with just enough action to keep your baby involved without over-stimulating .
 I registered for this toy on the enthusiastic recommendation of a mother in Babies R Us . I am so glad that I did ! My son loves it . He plays with all of the brightly colored and visually stimulating toys , but the sound box is his favorite . He enjoys the animal sounds and the music that each one plays . He looks so pleased with himself when he gets it to play ! Our little man loves to bounce and , since we took the supports off the bottom , he can rock the saucer and turn and really move around . This is good because he hated the swing , carseat and such because they confined his movement too much . I enthusiastically recommend this toy for active babies and moms who need a safe place to entertain baby while they do chores .
 this play center is great . it has all the things you would want in a play center . great entertainment and learning toys for long playing time , good for babys development . safety , it is very sturdy , my 5 month old can thrash around and push and pull on everthing as much as he likes .
 For the most part , I am very pleased with this product . My daughter enjoys it and chews on everything in it -LRB- especially the cloth things -RRB- which is what prompted my writing this review . The upright picture and cloth shape caddy with the ribbon on top is n't the safest thing . My daughter liked to chew and suck on the ribbon , which I did n't see a problem with until the ribbon started fraying . Another time it wrapped around her fingers as she played with it . I trimmed the ribbon but it frayed again and began to `` string '' again so I cut it off . Other than that , it 's been fun for her .
 This activity center has lots of colorful toys . Our son loves the animal sounds and music . He also loves to be able to move from toy to toy . I can put him in it while I do the dishes or cook and it keeps him very happy .
 We got this for our 3 mon old son and he loves it . From the start there were so many items that caught his attention . It was so fun to show him how to roll the spinning musical wheels , and how to push the animals to make noises and tunes play . He caught on right away and can rotate himself to other items on the saucer . At first he could n't touch the bottom , so we put a blanket underneath to boost him , now he is 4 mon old and can touch the bottom and maneuver very well . All the items are great , the only item that he does n't play with is the dragon puppet . I like to attach other toys to the existing toys with links . The Play Center is very stimulating to his senses and is a great item . My son plays in his a lot and wants to be in it . Its worth every penny !
 We compared all of the activity centers , and this one came out on top . Our daughter loves to play with everything on the saucer , and it has room to put other toys on it if you need to . The buttons repeat back animal names , sounds , and play songs , so it can keep her entertained for a long time . Great asset to have when your baby needs more stimulation !
 My 4 and 1/2 month became very bored with lying on his back or reclining to play and I was looking for something that would allow him to move around . The Baby Einstein Discover and Activity Center has given him a great place to play . His feet just touch the bottom so it allows him to move around to the different toys . He even likes the weird looking hand puppet . He often grabs it and gives it a quick head butt for fun . My only recommended improvement to the item would be a way to change out some of the toys from time to time so that he could discover something new .
 As with other Baby Einstein products , I am pleased with this one . My son loves it . There were n't many toys that he was interested in until we purhased this . He will sit quietly and play and , he will even watch t.v. from it.The great thing about this center is it grows with your child , having 3 different heights so , you get maximum use . There are 5 animal sounds and , the names of the animals are told in English and Spanish , a little photo album with 4 different animals , a dragon puppet and , much more . In all there are 9 little activites , in a circle around your child . And , your child can turn the seat , for complete access to each of them . This is well worth the price !
 Our 4 month old loves this , we purchased it for him when he was about 3 months & first able to hold his head up . He now loves swiveling around to all of the different stations . We have not been completely impressed with all of the other baby einstein items we have but this was a great purchase .
 My son started using this activity center at 3 months and we do n't know what we would do without it . He loves what we call his `` gym '' and moos and roars along with the animals . I would easily give the activity center 5 stars except for two problems . First , he loves to chew on the toys and the soft toys ca n't be removed to clean . We wipe them down and clean them as best as we can but they have become pretty disgusting by now . Second , he bends the caterpillar bar towards him to chew on it and by 6 months he had snapped it off . We had to sand down the sharp plastic edge as he was scratching himself on it . Even with the cleaning hassle and the damage it was well worth the money .
 When your little one is ready to stand -LRB- assisted -RRB- , this activity center is very good to captivate and occupy your little one 's attention . Colors , quality , materials and the variety of toys are very good.We do n't leave our little guy -LRB- 6 mo 's -RRB- in the center for more than 15 minutes , but this gives us time to do things without having to constantly monitor him . He enjoys chewing , pulling and pushing the various toys and seems very intent on understanding what he is doing.My only complaint/suggestion would be to have the music/sound creator light up for each button , not just the center one . I do n't have a child pyschology degree , but I think it would be more interesting if they would all light up . I 'm probably wrong , though . :--RRB- Baby gives this a double `` baby thumbs up ''
 This toy is a true lifesaver ! I can put my 6 month old daughter in it and she 'll be content for over 30 minutes ! She loves all the toys and gets so excited to make the animals `` talk '' to her . There is plenty of room for your child to grow with this toy and it 's very durable . I would HIGHLY reccommend this to anyone with a child that needs entertained .
 This toy was given to my son at 4 months of age . He is a big boy and has never had any problems touching the bottom . It also has adjustable height so that it will grow with him . He loves pushing the buttons to make the animals sing . And when the duck quacks so does he !! Great investment !!
 My baby was three months old when we got this for him . I knew I needed something that would keep him active and entertained , but sitting up . He had a few bouncy seats that he liked for short periods of time , but when he got into this exersaucer they were just faint memories for him ! He plays in this for at least 20 - 30 minutes all by himself , sometimes more . That means I get to eat breakfast now ! :--RRB- I bought it at least a month ago and he plays in it every day -- it never seems to bore him . He can not sit up by himself yet so this is the perfect toy . He leans over toward the playthings and can lean himself back when he wants a different angle . It is the BEST !
 We bought this for our 6-month-old son not because of the `` Baby Einstein '' brand , but because it only had one battery-powered feature out of nine items around the circle for him to play with . Our son had not really taken to many `` gadgets '' , i.e. his bouncy seat , swing , etc. until we bought this . It keeps his attention , he can chew on most of the toys -LRB- a big plus as he is teething -RRB- and he always smiles when we put him in it.One -LRB- wierd -RRB- aside , the triangle top on the three-shaped stacked toy has a realistic picture of a fire-engine on it with engine number `` 69 '' prominently displayed on its front . Maybe this is just my adult mind running wild , but is this some kind of sick joke by the company , or only a coincidence ??? I did n't find it funny , or cute , or however they intended it or not ... Other than that negative , it is well designed and our son loves it .
 We took our daughter to BabiesRus to try out the JumperRoo since she loves to stand but we put her in it and she did n't like it at all . So we got down one of the play centers and she went crazy and went straight for the wheels and has n't quit since . We also like it because the electronic part has volume control . It was very easy to put together which is a plus ! Our daughter just loves it and we would recommend it to anyone . Now that she is 7 months old she has learned how to turn when she is standing in our laps , it 's just so funny .
 This activity center is amazing ! We took our 5 month old daughter to the store with us to test all the various brands and models . This center was the only one that she was able to reach every toy in . In addition this center provided her with multiple interesting toys . The other centers had toys that she could care less about -LRB- this might have to do with the fact that all the charectors and songs were straight out of her Baby Einstein DVDs -RRB- . We have had it for about a week now and it is by far her favorite toy . I would buy one for a friend in a heartbeat ! By the way , I read some of the reviews regarding hazardous ribbons , I bought mine almost a week ago and it came without ribbons on the three tier plush toy . I believe that the manufacturer has taken care of the problem , so no worries !
 I was so suprised at this item . I bought this for my son when he was only 4 mos old . I did n't want to put him in a walker yet so I got this instead . I was extremly impressed ! He loved it he 's now almost 8 mos and he still loves it . The absolute best thing I found was when he was 4 mos I was a little hesitant to buy the other exersaucers that bounce . I thought oh God those ca n't be safe ... well with the baby einstein you have little holders to keep it flat and still . Once baby is ready you can push them up and it wiggles around . Now that he 's older he loves to wiggle it all over the place but when he was 4 mos old Im not sure I would of liked him bouncing around like the other exersaucers do . Hope this was helpful . Recommend A + + + + + + + +
 As soon as your baby starts to get tired of bouncy seats - this is the next product ! My daughter started loving this at 3.5 months . You can put your baby in it as soon as they can hold their heads up well . YOu do n't have to wait until they can sit . They can use their hands to turn themselves in the toy before their legs are long enough to touch the floor.Hours of entertainment ! I like how the toys are more interactive than all the other play activity centers .
 We just purchased the B.E. for our 5 month old son . He LOVES it . Although there are less activities than other saucers , the quality of the activities is much better . The use of primary colors -LRB- red , blue , yellow and green -RRB- keeps it stimulating yet not overwhelming . As a teacher of young children , I liked the fact that the saucer does not rely too heavily on electronic activities . The puppet encourages creativity , while the other activities stimulate motor and cognitive skills . If you 're only purchasing one entertainment system for your child , this would be the one to go with !
 My twins are about 9 months old now , they are B/G and I own this B.E -LRB- baby Einstein -RRB- and the UltraSaucer Castle One -LRB- I 'll call it U.S.C -RRB- This one is more of their favorite , and I love it too!I purchased this saucer when I saw how much the twins loved the U.S.C that I got for my shower . I like that its not all music and electronics like the LeapFrog . My sister has a little girl whos one year old , the leapfrog is too small , but her daughter fits well in mine ! It makes too much noise and there are no toys that actually are just rattles , too anoying and pricey . The B.E has a balanced mix ... One of the other reviewers mentioned all the toys , but the little , what we call , `` game board '' makes music . It has a duck , lion , dog , cat , and a cow on it . They say the names and make the animal noise , but it also says the color on the button , educational and fun . The other electronic toy is the book . It sort of reads , makes music , and the twins like it ... but thats all the electronics!Amazingly they really enjoy that green pupet , we see him in the ever so popular B.E videos , and we own an actual pupet of him ! The other toys are great teethers and they are super fun to play with.The saucer spins easily , and my twins are now masters ! I see my daughter just spining around , having the time of her life just spining ! Its also funny to put the pegs up to it rocks , they love that ! Its easy to adjust heights , and the twins have one more setting to go !! The seat is the perfect size and any toddler/baby could fit . I also put cheerios , fruits , whatever on the trays and the toys have never stoped working and the kids have a blast!I really love this B.E product , the U.S.C is nice , but its not as fun as the B.E !! I suggest to ALL new moms to purchase this toy , its just soo much fun !
 We put our little son in the Baby Einstein Caterpillar Entertainer before we even finished putting all of the attachments on and he loved it ! He 's been a floor baby since birth -LRB- loves his tummy time ! -RRB- and now this is his next favorite activity . We definitely recommend this product , no complaints .
 our daughter is 7 months old and absolutely loves this . she never seems to tire of it . baby einstein products are all exceptional and this is no different . terrific .
 My baby is 5 months old and LOVES this toy ! However , with these kind of toys , I think it really depends on the baby to decipher which toy is really the `` best '' . I took my baby to babies r us and she `` picked '' this one . She could really care less about the rest , which either seemed to bore her -LRB- Exersaucer Mega -RRB- or annoy her -LRB- Smart Steps - the mobile hanging down hit her on the head and was in the way , not fun -RRB- . As I am a mother who feels guilty letting toys `` babysit '' your child , I feel like this toy at least offers some great qualities which enhance my baby 's motor skills and speech . I worked with an Occupational Therapist for a couple of years , and many of the items on the play center are items we used at the facility to enhance motor skills . I take her out of it after 15-20 minutes because some doctors believe these things can damage their spine/hips if you leave them in for too long , and she cries when I remove her.I also love how it is interactive . The puppet allows great bonding between parent/child as well as the animal sound device . I dance when she presses on the song and it encourages her to do so more.This was incredibly easy to assemble . Took me about 5 minutes and comes apart easily to store . Seems very secure for child and does n't appear to have any parts that could harm my baby -LRB- ie
 This is my first time writing a review but wanted to share our great experience -LRB- so far -RRB- with this product . Part of the reason I bought this item was b/c of the other great reviews.Our daughter is now 6 months and has been using this since she was about 4 1/2 months old . She loves it ! I do n't feel like it 's overstimulating at all . Amazingly she plays with everything on there and has already figured out how to play the songs on the animals . It fits her great as far as height -LRB- at first she was a little short for it -RRB- . It is also easy for us to move around the house to different rooms . And was easy to put together!We 're really happy with this and hope our review helps another potential buyer .
 I am a first time mom , and my daughter is now 7 months old . We got this for her in November @ 4 months , and it has been my most `` worth it for the money '' baby purchase . Since she was a newborn she always liked to be held so that she could stand , either on your lap or otherwise , so when she was old enough to have control over her top half we though this would be a great purchase and it was . The first time we put her in her saucer , she was so excited to be able to play with toy from a different perspective . The height adjustments are perfect , and have n't had any problem as others have . She loved every toy on it , and as she learned to turn herself in the saucer , she would discover the other toys like they were new again . Now she 's a pro at spinning and playing with the toys , and loves the sound center . We have Baby Einstein time where she watches her BE DVD 's and plays in her saucer . I would never get anything done around the house if it werent for this purchase . Its good to know that your baby will be safely occupied if you need to leave the room for minute . I definitely recommend this to ANY parent . My mother even bought one to keep @ her house she loved it so much .
 My 5 month old sat in the Evenflo Excersaucer last night and it was like she was in a giant bucket ! I did n't realize how great this play center was until I saw her tiny body bobbing in the giant whole in the center of the Evenflo ! This Activity Center has a ton of things to keep my daughter occupied , and her older sister -LRB- 2 and a half -RRB- loves to play next to it . My little one is only 12lbs , and she fits in it w / her tiny toes on the ground . I definitely recommend it - it let 's you put down even the tiniest babies .
 We love this product - the soft toys make it so much friendlier than similar activity centers . We 've had it for about a month and wish we had bought it sooner ... . highly recommend .
 We bought this for our 7 mo. son . He 's had it for a month and still loves to play in it ! I chose this one because my son is in the 95th percentile for both height and weight and this activity center will last longer than many others I have looked at . And it 's easy to clean . I highly recommend this !!
 I was not happy with the shipping . the item was not shipped inside another box therefore it looked horrible . It was a gift for a babyshower and I was embarresed .
 This activity center is awesome ! It keeps my daughter entertained forever . She likes the bright colors and the fabrics on the toys . She also loves the music feature . It also can be used up to 32 inches where most ca n't be used once baby is 30 inches long .
 As a teacher , I registered for this because of the Einstein name . I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER WITH IT !!! My son is four and a half months old and loves it ! I ca n't say that about all of his toys !
 My daughter loves this toy ! All the activites keep her entertained and it gives us a break , too : -RRB-
 Our son loves this product , and so do we !! After trying another safari activity center , -LRB- boring -RRB- we are so impressed with the Baby Einstein activity center . The colors are so bright . There are so many toys that make fun noises , and do so many different things to keep baby interested , and happy ! The music is great too ! I recommend this product before trying any others.Another plus ... my husband said it was a breeze to assemble compared to the safari activity center .
 Any toy that can give a new mom 10 to 45 minutes of time is great . My favorite part is that I can turn the volume up or down on this . The height is very easy to change and the toys are great for him to fell diferent textures . I am very happy that I bought this
 I have a 6 month old and she really enjoys time spent in the activity center . I like this product because it allows for exploration and it gives me a few minutes to get dinner made !
 After reading all of the great reviews for this we had to register for it and I 'm so grateful we did . Our daughter LOVES this !! She is almost 5 months and has been using it for a couple of months now . This is the one toy I know I can put her in and get a few things done around the house . There are so many bells & whistles - great stimulation for a growing mind ! She never gets bored with it .
 We just pulled this toy out a few weeks ago for our now four month old son and he absolutely loves it ! From the first time he was introduced to this toy , he was able to activate the animal sounds because of the light touch buttons it has . He is also able to turn the wheels and hear the sounds , -LRB- bells , rattles and balls -RRB- which I love because he has other toys that he is not yet able to play with independently . This was a great find ! It also seems that he discovers something new each time he plays with it , which is so much fun to watch ! I would highly recommend this toy !
 We love this item , I 'm so thrilled that I had registered for this exact exersaucer . My daughter is three months old so we put a rolled up blanket in between her tummy and the front of the seat , but she loves being in this activity center ! She likes to hit the buttons on the different animals to hear their sounds and music . She smiles at the objects around her , it 's wonderful !
 I say that it is the best , I have n't tried anything else because this is sooooo nice . Just enough to keep her from being bored .
 I have been a Baby Einstein fan for many years now and was excited to see this saucer!It 's very durable and the colors are bright.The activities are baby friendly and the animal noises are very real.The music is classic Baby Einstein and has a lo-hi volume switch as well.My son LOVES it over the Envenflo saucer we were given at our baby shower ... I strongly suggest buying this product !
 great - helps increase attn . span-child is 5 1/2 mos now have had product for 1 mo. .
 I have a very picky 5 month old . He will no longer sit in his bouncer , his high chair or his swing . I ca n't lay him on a blanket with toys . -LRB- He whines to be picked up -RRB- this is the only item that hold his interest -LRB- and has for over a month -RRB- . From the first time I put him in it -LRB- right before the 4 month mark -RRB- he has stared intently at each item on the ` table ' of this activity center . He started hitting the ` animal buttons ' a few days in . He now swivels the chair quickly , bounces and rocks his chair , touches all of the activities and ` eats ' the bendable flower , blocks puppet and star . Its more expensive than the other entertainers , but worth every penny in my opinion . You can check out Christian 's picture in the photo gallery for this product . Happy shopping -
 I have 5 month old twins and they LOVE this toy ... They really enjoy the dragon and the sun . They also love the animal sounds . I like that the names of the animals are said in both english and spanish . The only minor little thing I found wring with this is that the red dye from the stacked shapes bleeds . It came off on my babies clothes and I did n't know where it came from so when I took a wet paper towel and touched every part of the toy , the shapes were the culprit . But still , I would recommend this toy to anyone who has to entertain a 5 month old , especially if you have 2 to entertain !
 Baby Einstein makes great products !! My daughter loves this saucer !! It has a toy where you push and can here animal sounds , animal names in two languages , and music . There are spinning parts , rattling parts , a mirror , book , hand puppet , and more . This is a great activity center !!!!!
 I orginally was given the Exersaucer Mega as a gift for my five and a half month son , but decided to exchange it for this product after researching both the Exersaucer and the Caterpillar Entertainer . There were quite a few parents who wrote in about the certain toys on the Exersaucer having to be removed because they pinched their child . Another major concern was a choking incident with one of the anchors that came loose on the exersaucer . When I inspected the item at Babies R Us , it was apparent that this could happen very easily . In fact I am surpirsed that Evenflo did not have to recall the product or supply a replacement toy to owners of the Mega Exersaucer . The toys on this entertainer are softer and appear to be higher quality than some of the toys on the Evenflo Exersaucers . Do n't be lured in by the number of toys on the exersaucers . At least four of them do nothing to stimulate your child . Each and every toy on this entertainer encourages gross motor skill development . The only toy that my son is not all that interested in is the puppet . However that may change as time goes on . I would highly recommend this product .
 We have both SmartSteps Exersaucer and Baby Einstein walkers . One is at my MIL 's place , other is at home.In my opinion , SmartSteps Exersaucer is the ultimate walker , while Baby Einstein , 20 dollars cheaper , does its job fine , too.While assembling , my husband noticed that SmartSteps Exersaucer had a few designs are better than Baby Einstein.For example , SmartSteps Exersaucer has extra springs in its legs . My son likes to jump , the SmartSteps Exersaucer would bounce with him . Some toys are detachble so it is like having extra toys around.As far as fun for the baby , I feel my son had just enough fun in the Baby Einstein walker . Though SmartSteps Exersaucer has a lot more toys , I am not sure if it makes him happier .
 My sister originally bought my son the Leap Frog Learn 'n' Groove -LRB- at 4 months -RRB- , but he found that one boring -LRB- we tried for 1 1/2 months -RRB- . So , we decided to take him to the store -LRB- at 6 months -RRB- and put him in a few saucers to see which one he seemed most interested in . He immediately started playing with the colorful toys on this Baby Einstein play center . He fit perfectly and he did n't react the same way to any others so we bought this one . We put him in at home on day 1 and he was spinning and playing with the various toys . He was having fun compared to the Leap Frog one before . The toys are great -- good cause and effect -- easy to spin the seat -- and not too many toys to be overwhelming . My recommendation for parents is to wait until your child is almost 5 months and then take them to the store and let them help you choose what will work best for them because every baby is different and what may work for one baby may not for another . I just wish I had done this a month ago so he could have had this play center sooner . But , at least we figured it out and he 's happy with his Baby Einstein .
 I just bought one of these and my little boy -LRB- 4 months -RRB- already loves it . I debated between several different models including the Exersaucer SmartSteps and the Kolcraft 2 in 1 Baby Steps , however this one just seemed the best for the money . All the toys keep him interested . My only markdown is because this entertainer does n't fold up like other exersaucers . However , I particularly like that this entertainer encourages interactive play and it helps introduce different developmental ideas .
 I never take the time to write a review unless something is either really great or horrible , so rest assured that this product is awesome . My 6 month old LOVES IT ! He likes to try to put all the things in his mouth and loves the animal noises , the english and spanish animal names and tunes that play on the musical toy . He plays with every toy on what we call `` the stimulator '' and looks up to us and laughs . It 's even more fun when we get to play along with him.He also gets tons of exercise , since he 's not able to crawl yet , but always wants to stand and bounce on our laps , so this is the perfect way for him to feel independent and mobile . He jumps up and down in it like crazy , and I get a couple minutes of hands-free time to write a review like this . I am very against using this , or a swing , bouncer , tv or any other related thing as a `` babysitter '' , so I take him out the second he looks like he 's had enough stimulation , and everyone 's happy.Also , to be a true review , I have to add that I checked the other ones out at Babies R ' Us before buying , and not only are they not as good , but they are significantly inferior to this one . Leapfrog is the only one that comes close , but even that one pales in comparison . Baby Einstein has done a great job with the whole package . The colors are great , the toys are sturdy , age-appropriate and mouth-friendly , and it 's high on the educational factor as each toy works a different fine and/or major skill.buy it buy it .
 This is an excellent activity center !! It 's compact and easy to carry with one hand , which is nice for moving it from room to room . It 's solid and not cheaply constructed . The toys are all entertaining and baby LOVES them ! You can turn the sound , on one of the toys , on and off . There 's a tray that goes all the way around which is nice . There is nothing `` junky '' about this toy , which is plus since activity centers tend to be cheap and `` junky '' . This is quality ! The $ 80 is a bit steep ... wish it was cheaper , but I do n't regret buying this one over a cheaper one . Assembly was a breeze . Did take a few minutes but it was n't difficult at all . You do need a phillips screwdriver to attach a couple of the items but that was no big deal . Our 4 month old son LOVES this center and it keeps him busy and happy for a quite awhile , which is the whole idea behind an activity center like this . It 's also very sturdy - not tippy - which is a safety feature that 's a must . I ca n't imagine anyone buying this toy and not being happy with it !!! It 's excellent !
 We registered for this exersaucer and thankfully we received it ! I think we would have bought it , had we not received it ! The Baby Einstein exersaucer is great . We put our three month old in it , because she was able to hold her head up well and stand on her legs . It took her about one day to realize that the seat turned and that the toys were there to play with . I stay at home , but sometimes need to put her down in order to get a few things accomplished . I never feel bad about leaving her for awhile in this exersaucer . It keeps her entertained and active , where the swing only soothed her to sleep .
 Our little one is 5 1/2 months old and just LOVES it . She was so excited she did not know what to touch and play with first ! I would definately recommend this to anyone !
 We purchased this activity center when our son was about 6 months old . For the past 4 months , it has been in daily use in our household . He absolutely loved it , and I loved having a safe place to put him to be occupied for a few minutes . The center has supports that can be pulled up to allow it to rock , but we never used those as our son did not like them . It was relatively easy to put together , although a found getting the chair/sling in correctly a bit confusing and it can be challenging to remove and clean . We have washed it several times , and it still looks great . The variety of toys was good for him , although we did end up giving a few loose toys too , as he liked to have something to drop on the floor ! He is now 10 months old and still uses it sometimes , although not nearly as much as when we first purchased it . ____ I wrote the above review for son no. 1 . Son no. 2 has since come along , and this product was great for him too . It has held up remarkably well through 2 kids . The seat is only slightly faded , and all of the other toys are still working great . This product was subject to recall , but the company was very timely in providing us the replacement product . I still use it -LRB- rarely -RRB- , when I need a safe place for the 16 month old for just a few minutes . He is small for his age and still fits , but wo n't tolerate the confinement very long .
 My daugher absolutely loves this walker ! Unlike most baby products , this was very easy to assemble . It has endless toys with different features to keep your little one 's attention and is lightweight for transporting with you . I am completely satisfied with everything about this walker .
 My son LOVES this play center !! There are so many toys on it that he never gets bored with it . It is great for younger babies because it is adjustable and the lowest adjustment allowed my baby to get in it at only 4 months old . I have two relatives that want one now for their babies !! I also highly recommend the Baby Einstein videos !!
 This activity center was a great choice for our son . He loves it , and we do too . It keeps him occupied for quite some time . It was very easy to assemble , and it is easy to clean ! We purchased it for our son at 4 months of age . At first , we thought it was too early to introduce it , but it worked out fine . As he got older , he interacted with the toys more and more , and now at 7 1/2 months he is still not bored of it and uses quite frequently . We have n't had any experience with other activity centers , so its unfair to say that this one is the best , but I would highly recommend it as a first choice ! You ca n't go wrong !
 We love this activity center . It 's very educational and is great at teaching hand/eye coordination . It took our 5 month old a few days to figure out the toys - and that she could spin around in the seat . But she really enjoys it now . As do we - it gives us some free time to get some things done .
 I received this as a gift at my baby shower and the Exersaucer Ultra . I registered for the Graco one and so put it together first . The toys in the Graco one are very high quality and my almost 5 month old daughter loves them and has been playing in it before she was 4 months old . She gets mad when I take her out after 20 or 30 minutes ! There are plenty of things to keep her busy on it . I find it safe and stimulating.I just put the Exersaucer Ultra together so my mom could have one at her house . I thought having two different ones for her to play in would be better , however , the toys in the Exersaucer Ultra come no where near as close in quality to the Graco one . The Exersaucer plastic toys are very cheesy in look and feel . Of course I did n't find this out until I put the whole thing together and was getting ready to attach the toys . Had I known this I would never have put it together in the first place and returned it to the store.So if you are planning on buying one , I would recommend the Baby Einstein one by Graco .
 This is an excellent product . It is well built , it being used for the second time and has not lost a single toy yet . My son loved the saucer and he still likes to get in it even though he is 2 1/2 . My daugther who is 6 months will easily stay inside the dish for at least 45 minutes . Plenty of toys and the chair is easily swivled . Great buy !
 Although my twins get bored with most toys quickly . They enjoy it when you initially get them in to this . The variety of toys are great and allow me to reintroduce a section of toys to prolong the boredom !
 my baby loves this activity center ! it keeps her busy with the many different shapes and sounds . she expecially likes the puppet . she can stay in this toy for a long time .
 I recieved the Graco Baby Einstein Discover and Play Entertainer as a gift from my Wish List for my 6-month old daughter . It was easy to set up with one exception , and my daughter immediately tried out and loved all of the toys . The exception was trying to open the battery compartment for the one battery-operated toy . The screw would n't budge , and we ended up stripping it entirely . I took it to Home Depot for help , and after trying for at least half an hour , they said it could n't be done . I called Graco , and within a few days they sent me a whole new set up the toys at no charge . Very nice , but to my dismay I could n't open that battery compartment either ! Before I stripped it entirely , I called Graco for help . They offered to send me a THIRD one , this time with the battery-compartment loosened . Well , three times was a winner . I put in the batteries , and now my daughter loves this top-notch entertainer even more -LRB- and my 2 year old loves it , too ! -RRB- . Thank you , Graco ! I highly recommend this product .
 My daughter loves this activity center . I wish they would change two things about it . I wish we could change out the toys and it folded up .
 This is definitely one of my daughter 's favorite toys . It has a ton of fun activites for her . The only reason I did n't give 5 stars is because the underneath part of the tray has some rough plastic edges and if she bends her legs while I 'm lifting her out , she gets scratches on her legs . For such a great quality item , you think they would know better . I still recommend it , though !
 Our 5-month old daughter loves her Baby Einstein Excer-Saucer ! Just seeing her face light up as she whacks the animal buttons to hear their noises and watching her turn herself around is priceless ! A definite must-have !
 My son started using this at 3 months . He needed a rolled up towel on his back to support him at first . He loves this thing . He loves all the toys and sometimes even watches his Baby Einstein videos in it . I was wondering if they should stand in it with flat feet . I read somewhere that its not good to have them stand flat-footed in it -LRB- hard on the bones at an early age -RRB- . I looked in the instructions and it does n't say so I am confused .
 This has got to be the greatest item for babies ! My daughter is five months and is in absolute hysterics the whole time she 's in this . She hugs the puppet all the time . It 's a little more pricey than others but I went to Toys R Us to compare and this one is far better made and sturdy . Cancel your cable and buy this for evening entertainment !!!
 My husband and I bought this for our son when he was only 3 months old . He was too small to reach the bottom , so we stuck a towel under his feet to help him so that he could move around . We also wrapped a towel around his body to help him keep his balance . After 2 days of occasionally being in it , he did not need the towel around his body because he could balance himself . He is now 4 months old and can play with all of the toys and move himself around in the seat . He loves it ! It is worth the investment because it keeps him interested more and more every day !
 My daughter is 4 months old . She constantly has to be entertained . This does the trick . It is really bright and fun . it did n't take her but a day to figure out she could turn and play with all the toys . LOVE THIS PRODUCT .
 We bought this for our daughter just a week or so ago . So far she loves it . She zeroes in on one of the objects and concentrates hard . She loves the music and different animal noises . We almost bought the Fisher Price model but checked this one out first and I 'm glad we did ! She will be able to use this one for quite a while .
 This is the one of the best things we 've bought our baby . She absolutely loves it . She will stay in it playing for long periods of time without getting bored . It 's the only thing I can put my baby in that will give me time to do other things around the house . She 's even tired of the swing and bouncy seat . We got it when she was only 4 months old , and even at that young age , we could adjust it so her feet could reach the bottom . We slowly over the days watched her become more and more interested and interactive w/the toys . All of the toys are safe and entertaining . I would definitely recommend this over the exersaucers as I have had friends who have n't been as pleased with those . This is definitely worth every penny !!
 My 4 moth old just loves this ! He especially loves the amimal sounds .
 My son is three months old and just loves it . I read about all the great reviews and that is exactly what I got . I am very pleased with this product , I could not be more happier .
 We bought this for our daughter who turns 6 months old in May . At first when we put her in it , when she was 3-4 months old , her little feet barely tapped the bottom of the saucer and she really did n't play with anything . Now that she 's getting older and is able to grab at things with more control , she LOVES this thing and will sit in it for hours at a time . She grabs at things , sticks them in her mouth and can completely turn around in it now!It works really well when she wants to play , but we 're busy with dinner or housework . It 's really nice because it does n't move , or roll , so there 's no worry about stairs or anything . When she gets taller , it 's nice that the height of this toy is adjustable too.GREAT PRODUCT
 Our 4 month old girl loves this saucer . The toys are bright and colorful and the music is great . Our 3 year old son loves playing with her when she is in it . I do not think that she needs to be learning spanish at 4 months though .
 We just bought this for our 4 3/4 month-old-daughter and so far it 's a great product . What drew me to this product over the others is that it seemed to be less overwhelming as far as the amount of toys -LRB- especially noise-making light-up types -RRB- , as well as colorful and interesting . I have not been disappointed.My daughter is very interested in pulling on the grab toys and is even trying to spin the wheels . She just fits into it on the lowest setting as far as height goes.I found this product to be very simple to assemble , however the height-adjustable legs are quite difficult to adjust . They are real finger pinchers.The toys seem well-made and are cheerful and colorful and the one item that does light up has volume control and an on/off button . The sounds and music are quite pleasant and not at all annoying.I would recommend this product to anyone looking to buy an entertainer that 's fun but also that does n't send their infant into sensory overload !
 We got 2 of these for our twins . They both loved them from the start . There is such a wide variety of activities . Some were too advanced when we first began using it , but they eventually learned how to play with each of the items on the saucer . We kept the feet up to make it easier to move the saucers around . My daughter -LRB- a wild child -RRB- used to slam herself back & forth an would scoot across the carpet . It was quite a sight . Even after they learned to walk and refused to be confined in the saucer , we kept one of them in the room and removed the seat so they could continue to play with it . Now that they are 15 months , we finally had to remove it completely due to lack of space.My only criticism is with the attachment of a couple of the toys . The rubber starfish -LRB- a consistent favorite -RRB- and the book were easily detached as the babies got older & more coordinated . The starfish was n't a big deal , but the book has pointy hooks on the back and could potentially be dangerous if thrown or fallen on.This toy is easy to assemble & disassemble . I traveled with it several times with no problem . I would absolutely recommend this to a friend .
 I bought this for my four month old that was ready for a little more independence . Even though I needed to put a blanket in front of her at first and put a flat pillow along the bottom so she could rest her feet-she loved it from the moment I put her in . She could only handle 10 minutes at a time at first but now-pillow and blanket are gone at five months and she is amazed at everything . Easy for her to grab & reach-she loves the independence and it is just so much fun to watch her in this . I even like the sounds and music-they are not annoying like some-HIGHLY Recommended .
 My son absolutely loves playing in this . He can play for an hour at a time if we let him . Ca n't recommend it enough !
 we love this play station . even though our baby is still small -LRB- 4 mos . -RRB- , we place her in it with telephone books under her feet so she can try to stand ... and a small pillow behind her back for support . she just loves it ! now , i can finally get some things done around the house !!! highly recommended !
 Of all the things we have bought for our grandson , this has been the biggest hit by far ! He is six months old now & has had it for about a month & never seems to gets tired of it . He will stay in it for 30 minutes or more at a time . He sepecially likes the animal sounds . Highly ! recommend !
 We got this for my daughter when she was 4 months old . I believe the box says 6 months , but our daughter is tall and very active . Our pediatrician said she would benefit from an excersaucer.I went to the store where there was 4 or 5 options . This one was a little pricier , but you often get what you pay for . The others seemed kind of lame , not enough toys to keep her interested . I got this one because it seemed to have more to offer and it has a mirror on the book . My daughter loves mirrors . It also adjusts to her height . My daughter loved this from the very first time she was in it . Now she wants to be in it all the time.I highly recommend and it is definitely worth the money .
 i ordered this product through babiesrus.comit arrived quickly , but we did not start using it until our baby was around 4 months old.it did arrive missing one of the feet.we use it without the feet.my daughter loves it -LRB- she is now 7 months -RRB- and we use it often . she enjoys the toys it came with , and we also put other small toys onto the tray area for her to play with . it is a lifesaver for keeping her safe and busy while we try to get something done . it is also handy because we can pull it from room to room .
 I did not expect my 3 1/2 month old to be able to use this activity center just yet , but she loves it . She is able to spin herself around in it moving from one toy to the next all by herself . She talks to the toys , laughs , and plays for 20-30 minutes at a time . She really likes it a lot . It has a lot of different toys on it - a mirror , a book with pages she can turn , things with different textures that she can grab , and most of all she likes the buttons that play animal sounds . It was one of the best purchases I made for her .
 My daughter started enjoying this around 4-1/2 months though she was too little to touch the ground and some of the toys at that time . However as she has grown ... so too has she begun to realize all this toy has to offer . She particularly loves the animal sounds and songs . Her favorite is `` Old McDonald Had a Farm '' and she looks at me every time it plays because I sing it to her . She gets a real kick out of that and that ... is pricess !
 I thought this was a wonderful toy . I bought it when my son was 3 months old and he is now 9 months old and still loves it !!! A must have to get things done around the house .
 Just another Great product by Baby Einstein ! My baby loves this activity center . It is bright , colorful , educational and entertaining . Worth every penny !
 After doing much research and reading review after review , I bought the Baby Einstein saucer and could n't be happier!Originally , I was going to buy one of the ExerSaucers but several of the reviews mentioned frustration that toys on them would quit playing music/sounds and/or lighting up and there was no way to replace the batteries . I did some `` hands on '' comparing at the store and found this to be absolutely true . That issue made my decision to go with the Baby Einstein.IN ADDITION , about a month and a half after I bought this saucer for my daughter we had an experience that could n't have made me feel better about my decision . We went on vacation and rented an ExerSaucer for our stay . Not even an hour after we put our daughter in it she started crying like she hurt herself . When we looked at her and the saucer more closely we realized all the toys were made of hard plastic and had VERY SHARP EDGES - - she had cut her mouth and was actually bleeding !!!!!! I thought maybe the saucer was an old model , but I looked the next time I went to the store and found the exact same model on the floor for sale , and the exact same sharp edges !!! The Baby Einstein saucer toys are soft and very basic - - no frills and thrills so to speak -LRB- which my husband questioned after seeing all the fancy things on the ExerSaucers -RRB- , but our daughter LOVES her saucer !!!!! At almost 10 months and trying to walk , she still enjoys going in it from time to time .
 We purchased the Einstein Activity Center after reading the reviews on other products . At the time of purchase , there were only a couple reviews on the Einstein so I gave it a really hard look in the store . I tried yanking the toys off but could n't get them to budge . I also checked how easy it was for my baby to rotate the seat . In some activity centers the seat seems to catch rather than spin smoothly as the Einstein seat does . My 4 month old tried it out along with the other activity centers , but seemed to enjoy the Einstein more . The other activity centers seem too stimulating with garish color schemes , so maybe this is why she gravitated toward the Einstein.I purchased an activity center because my baby seemed to want to be upright rather than looking up at us from the floor . Initially , I wanted to save such a large purchase for Christmas , but then decided that it would be a relief to have her occupied while I do holiday preparations . When I got it home , I needed to start dinner preparations so I decided to put enough of it together to keep her occupied . I ended up setting the whole thing up in a matter of minutes , the only exception being the electronic toy that needed a screwdriver -LRB- only because I did n't feel like hunting for our screwdriver -RRB- . After setting up the activity center , we noticed that one of the feet that you can put down so it does n't rock kept popping out -LRB- not one of the legs -RRB- . I emailed the company , and within a week I received two replacement feet . I was definitely satisfied with this no-hassle and prompt response.We 've been using the Einstein activity center for a few months now and it 's still my now 5.5 month olds favorite . I enjoy having a place for her to play where I do n't have to keep jumping up when toys fall or slip out of reach .
 This is a must have . There is so much to do on it . My son is 3 months old and loves to be in this saucer . He loves the animals sounds and loves all the faces on it . It is such a happy toy , he squeals in delight everytime he is in it . Plus it is nice , cause my son is already 27 inches at three months , and this saucer goes to 33 inches , instead of the `` Exersacuers '' that go to only 30 inches . It is nice , cause it has little feet that you can put down , so it does not rock . My son is strong , but still kind of wobbly and we have to tuck him in with a towel , and with it not being able to rock yet , he is not flopping all over the place ! This item is a must have !
 I purchased this activity center a couple of months ago and my son loves it . The only problem is when you need the activity center to stay stationary you need to push the legs down . The product came with two defective legs . I called Graco and they gladly sent me two new legs . Within a week the third leg would not stay in position , again I contacted Graco and they sent me the third leg . I would have given this product five stars if it was n't for the leg issue . I still recomment this product .
 My daughter loves this . I bought it for her when she was 4 mos old . Even on the lowest height setting she had to stand on her tip toes . Not for long though now she rotates , jumps , pounces pulls and chews on the toys . The buttons that make the animal sounds are her favorite . The only con lies with the issue of portability . It is not easy to break down and transport . It is cumbersome . Even taking it from room to room requires some manipulation to fit through the doorways . That said , I would still buy it again . My suggestion is to take your infant with you to the store before you purchase any of these bouncers/saucers/entertainers . Choose a store that has various models on display . I had planned to buy the Evenflow saucer , however , my daughter seemed overwhelmed by all of the toys on the Evenflow . There were a few saucers that really did n't hold her attention at all . That is how I decided on the Baby Einstein . She instantly began squealing and playing with the toys . One infant 's junk is another infant 's treasure . For the bigger ticket toys , it is worthwile to know how it will be received before you make the purchase .
 When our baby was 5 months old , I noticed that she really wanted to stand on her own and was getting a little bored being on her back/tummy during playtime . Since all stationary walkers are a bit pricey , my husband and I decided to take our baby to the store and test out each one by seeing her reaction to the toys . She immediately loved this one . Our baby tends to be picky when it comes to toys and loses interest quickly , but she has stayed in her Baby Einstein for about 30 minutes , happily playing with all of the toys . Here are the best features : * There 's a hand puppet which allows me to interact with her while she 's playing in there . * It has a mirror , which most 5-8 month old babies seem to love . * There is a toy that makes animal sounds when pressed , and my baby adores hearing the cow , cat , and dog sounds . * One of the toys , where a ball is moved around a stiff wire , seem to help with hand-eye coordination.This exersaucer allows me to cook food , clean , and get a few minutes to myself all while watching my very content baby enjoy herself . It 's well worth the money .
 We bought this for my son when he was around 5 months and he loves it . He plays with all the toys and I was surprised he could easily turn around by himself . I caught him smiling at the sun who was smiling right back at him . He stays in there and watches his Einstein videos and tv .
 Our 7-month-old absolutely loves this activity center ! We started putting her in it when she was around 4 months old . She will play happily in this for at least half an hour at a time at least twice a day . She squeals with happiness when she 's in her activity center . She `` makes music '' by randomly hitting the animal keys . She twirls around in her seat and she rocks back and forth . She 's had all of the toys in her mouth many , many times , and everything is still in excellent shape . I do n't know what we would do without this .
 My husband and I purchased this Activity Center for our 5 month old daughter . She will usually stay in it for about 45 minutes at a time , which is helpful when I need to cook or do some other household things . She loves to pull on the toys and chew on them . She also enjoys hitting the animal buttons and hearing the sounds they make along with the music that plays . I usually put a couple of toys in the tray so that when she gets bored she has a couple of things to play with.My only issue with this product is that the red leg stands that keep it from moving have not stayed in the up -LRB- not moving -RRB- position and we ended up putting two paperback books under where the legs were supposed to be . We had to order new legs from Graco -LRB- provided by them free of charge -RRB- in order to remedy the problem.Overall its a good entertainer .
 We decided that for the holidays we 'd make a big toy purchase for our new son , something he could enjoy for a while . It had to educational , fun , safe and worth the money . The Baby Einstein Caterpillar Entertainer is all that . At first we were looking at the ExerSaucer - Ultra and ExerSaucer - Delux , but after much research found that the toys had server major problems including being too high for babies legs , shape toys that could hurt baby , sound toys that could barely be heard and with no replaceable batteries and too many toys / toys that over stimulated baby . With the Caterpillar , it seems like the developers looked at every problem the Exersaucer had and made sure it was n't the case with their product . The toys are all baby friendly , the electronic portion comes with an off , hi and low sound option and the batteries are replaceable , there is a puppet connected so older siblings or adults can play along with baby and there is n't so many toys that the baby gets over stimulated or confused . Not to mention the toy does n't rely on electronics to entertain your child but instead also offers 8 other activities in bright friendly colors that encourages baby to play and learn . The seat is still a little too high for our son , -LRB- about 2 inches -RRB- but a phone book beneath his feet does the trick . We were so excited about this toy that we could n't wait for Christmas to give it to him and were glad because he loves it .
 This is a lifesaver . I originally purchased the Leap Frog Learning Station which my son absolutely loves , but he is a big boy . At 30 inches and only 7 1/2 months , he has far outgrown the Leap Frog , so we needed something just as fun and educational that would work with his height . Fortunately , this entertainer grows with your child up to 32 inches which still gives him time to play and learn . All of the other enteratiners have a max height of 30 inches =-LRB- I highly recommend this product especially if you have an above average child as we do !
 My 5 month old daughter loves this play center ! She can easily spend an hour or two playing with the many attached toys . If she gets bored with one , she simply spins herself around to another.Pros : - Easy to assemble . - Has a few height settings so it grows with your child . - Lots of toys to keep your little one entertained.Cons : - Needs batteries . - The play center rests on 3 legs which are n't very durable , so if a larger child pushes down too hard on the center , the legs collapse and wo n't stay in place . However , I think you could remove them completely and it would n't matter much . - One of the toys on the activity center -LRB- the book to be exact -RRB- would n't fully snap into place during assembly and bulges in the middle a bit . It is staying put , but it has definitely got a manufacturing defect . - And lastly ... if the child spits up or drools -LRB- which happens ALL THE TIME -RRB- , it 's hard to clean up the mess because there are so many little crevasses and tight spots on the surface.Despite these `` cons '' ... I still recommend this toy . They are not major problems and are pretty easy to deal with .
 We 've been waiting for this to come out for a couple of months now , and we are so excited that we have it now . My daughter will be five months next week and she absolutely loves this ! As soon as I put her in it , she found the buttons to make the animal noises and music . They are so easy to push -LRB- not like Baby Einstein 's crib mirror -RRB- and she just goes crazy with them . I looked at some other products that were similar , and they all seemed like they either did n't have enough toys , or that they had too many and it would overwhelm my daughter . This one is just perfect though . The best part is , that while she ca n't play with everything yet , it will be something that she will love for a long time . This is a must have ! Plus it does n't take up much room .
 We bought this for our daughter who is about to turn 4 months old . We brought it home and it was amazingly easy to put together ! Within 30 mins our daughter was ready to go . We put her in it and after taking a quick look around in amazement -LRB- because no one was holding her -RRB- she started squealing and giggling and grabbing the sunshine . After that she started hitting the little buttons with the animals on them and started `` dancing '' -LRB- as much as a 4 month old can -RRB- to the music . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 I have twins and we have both the Exersaucer Ultra and the Baby Einstein Entertainer -LRB- Christmas presents -RRB- . The Exersaucer took me almost on hour to assemble , while the Baby EIntein took only about half the time to assemble . ALthough at 6 months , my twins do not give us their opinion per say , they seem to really like the toys much better on the Baby Einstein , although the Exersaucer has many more toys . The quality of the toys on the Baby EInstein is far superior to the Exersaucer . They absolutely LOVE the toy with the buttons that plays music , flashes lights and makes animal sounds . The other toys , too are also played with a lot . They still like the exersaucer , but I know if hey could speak , they would say they like the Baby Einsten Entertainment center better.Addendum - My twins are now 9 months old , so I wanted to give you all an update now that we have used both entertainment centers for the past 4 months . The twins still love both saucers . Both have held up well over time - no damaged toys under heavy use . The Exersaucer Ultra 's seat is much easier to remove to wash -LRB- and both seats need frequent washing ! -RRB- . The twins do seem to correlate the toys on the Baby Einstein Center with the Baby Einstin videos . Although the toys on the Baby Eintein Entertainment Center are overall superior , the Exersaucer Ultra the twins have found have one major advantage - the Exersaucer BOUNCES !! Both babies go to town bouncing away - I mean like a pogo stick !! They try to bounce the Baby EInstein Center , but it is not nearly as accomadating . It is nice to be fortunate enough to have two saucers so the twins have the variety and advantage of both . Perhaps the Baby Einstein Company will consider this for next generation Center .
 I purchased this item when my son was three months old and , although he was a bit too young to play with the toys , he loved to be able to `` stand up '' and see his surroundings from a new perspective . Now , at barely six months old , he has learned to play with and enjoy all of the toys and loves being in it!PROS :1 . It seems like a great assortment of toys , and my son likes all of them . He has `` visited '' other entertainers at friend 's houses , and seems to get bored easily . He likes ours the best .2 . It was very easy to assemble and attach the toys .3 . The adjustable height is a must have for any entertainer , and at six months he is at the second level.CONS :1 . The worst complaint I have is the textured lines on the bottom of the `` saucer '' area that the baby 's feet stand on . The first time my son was in it , the skin on both of his feet actually rubbed and began to bleed a little !! -LRB- It seemed as though the way he was standing must have rubbed edges / and or center area that is a little rough from the way it is manufactured -RRB- I was sitting with him , and he did n't cry , so I was n't aware of it until I took him out ! I ca n't see or feel anything out of the ordinary except the raised lines that are part of the design and some plastic areas in the exact center from the plastic form/mold . Since then , I always keep a blanket under his feet and have not had any other issues with the saucer area .2 . Until recently , he was unable to reach the two animal sound buttons that are on the outer edge . It seems like it would be a better design if that piece was able to rotate so children could easily push all four buttons .3 . The turquoise and yellow star toy is attached by turning it like a key , and it is supposed to `` latch '' underneath the tray to stay put , but my six month old easily removes it repeatedly . It 's not a big concern , since it is a child safe toy of course , but it is supposed to stay on.This may seem like a lot of `` cons '' to still get 4 stars , but overall it is a good product , and except for having to use a blanket , the problems are minor .
 We got this activity center for our son when he was about 3 1/2 months . The lizzard and the flower are perfect for chewing . He loved the big push bottons and the book , although pages are hard to turn for little ones . And looking in the mirror was a blast every time . Now he is almost one and he is walking very well but he stops by every day to play with the toys on the Baby Einstein .
 I bought this for a baby shower gift for my niece who is expecting a baby boy . She absolutely loves it and put it at the top of her want list and I can see why . What a wonderful place for the baby to hang out and stay entertained . My only complaint is the box it came in looked like it fell off the truck - but all was ok inside .
 My 3.5 month old loves this play center . The toys that have smiley faces on them keep him so entertained b/c he `` chats '' with them !! My only issue is the opposite of what a previous poster raved about -- this may be great for tall kids , but it 's not so hot for the shorties !! I have to put a pillow under Josh 's feet and behind him . He does n't mind , though !!
 I bought this for my 5 month old and he seems to really enjoy it . It keeps him occupied so i can do some things around the house . I wanted to mention that some people said that their children choked on cellophane pieces , that those pieces seem to have been removed as mine does n't have them . Overall pretty happy with the product .
 I have twins and let me tell you , they LOVE this activity center . They love to play with each toy/activity . The seat spins around so that they can get to each item . It keeps them very busy . It has helped their motor skills tremendously . A must have for all babies .
 My daughter started to play in this when she was 4 months . She loved the toys . Especially the dinosaur puppet . She recognized it from the baby einstien movie Baby Mozart . She will sit in it and play for a good 45 minutes . And I know she is safe .
 We got this play center for our daughter who was 5 months old at the time and she really enjoys it . The toys are bright and stimulating and encourage interaction -LRB- press a button to hear sounds , see lights , etc -RRB- . The only reasons I did n't give this item 5 stars are :1 -RRB- The feet that keep the saucer flat on the ground occassionally pop in -LRB- which makes it wobble -RRB- .2 -RRB- If your child is teething -LRB- as our daughter is -RRB- he or she will attempt to chew on all the toys which will make the sticks that hold them crooked and will mean you have to wash the toys that are covered in cloth fairly often -LRB- thus fading them -RRB- . All in all , I would buy this item again anyway even with the couple of things I disliked about it .
 This center is one of the best purchases we have made for our 7-month old daughter . She absolutely loves it , especially the rollers and the buttons that make animal noises and play music when pressed . She usually spends 10-15 minutes in the activity center at a time and does n't mind playing in it more than once a day . It was very easy to set up and has withstood some very serious banging and chewing ! We 've had the activity center for over 2 months . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Thank goodness we have this ! Our son LOVES it and will play in it even when he 's falling asleep on his feet ! The only `` bad '' part of it , in my opinion is how hard you have to press the pictures of the animals to get the sound or word . He 's got it down now , but at 5 months when he started using it , he just could n't do it . He loves all the toys and works his way around the entire thing at will . I like the adjustable legs that will allow this to grow with him . After reading some comments about choking hazards , I immediately checked his exer-saucer and found no cellophane anywhere , no paint or anything peeling and no ribbons on anything , and he chews on everything . We especially love the hand puppet to play with him while he 's in it . The tray is big enough to put cheerios on , for when he wants to keep playing through snack time . We can put him in this and actually sit down and eat dinner -LRB- with him nearby , not unsupervised -RRB- or watch a TV show !
 My daughter has been able to use this toy for nearly two months now -LRB- she 's 6 mos old -RRB- and has still not tired of it . The activity toys are interesting enough for her to use and varied enough to keep her entertained .
 We bought this instead of buying a walker when my son was 7 mo old . At first it was n't very attrctive to my son , but then once he discovered the musical toys , he was hooked . Never liked the puppet.The product arrived without the sun shaped toy . then the legs gave up a month later . The legs are not durable . at first we thought the hinges to be the problem . Called Graco , ordered replacement parts . They arrived within 10 days . However , even after we replaced the hinges , the legs would buckle - the area were the hinge is aparently has gotten wider and the hinge does n't stay put . I agree with another reviewer that 4 legs would be better than 3 . I also agree with other reviewers that the 3 language feature is useless.My son is 14mo now , over 25lb and he still plays in it for 15-20 min stretches . Hence 4 stars , otherwise the construction warrants 3 stars
 Overall we are happy with the purchase . Each week our daughter seems to discover something new about the toys and is captivated once again . The animal noise maker is a big hit and the noise/music is not annoying like some toys , plus it can be turned off which is a great feature . The only complaint I have is that one of the red stabilizer feet that keep the saucer from rocking broke after only a month -LRB- I would guess it was less than 10 hours of play time -RRB- . We have to prop up one side with a book when we do n't want her rocking .
 We have a Fisher Price Jumperoo , a Kolcraft walker , and the Baby Einstein Entertainer . At first , I was convinced the Entertainer was best , then it seemed like the baby liked to jump more . Then when we got the walker , it seemed like that was all he wanted.Over time , the Entertainer won out . The walker is still interesting , but my 6-mo old son figured out all its tricks pretty quickly . He still likes the walking , bumping , grabbing at things in his extended reach . But that jumperoo 's time was really limited . Now , he can stand it for just 10 mins before he wants out.I am glad to have all of the products , they all served their purpose . But I 'm especially glad for the Entertainer 's longevity . There 's a LOT of activity here . My son played with two toys for a very long time , then moved on to two other toys , then realized his ability to spin in place , then realized that some toys reached his mouth to chew on . He 's really circling back to some of the earlier toys now.Since it extends a bit it 's `` grown with him '' and , though he can stand nearly by himself , it 's still supporting him properly when he wobbles.When I realized that the product -LRB- the little soft blocks -RRB- had undergone a recall -LRB- they used to have plastic on them -RRB- I was freaked out . But then I checked and that was back in 2005 , and they fixed the problem . I 'm so glad it stayed on the market . This is one great toy .
 I like to call it a `` hot meal in a box . '' Any mom will LOVE this exer-saucer . It keeps Baby 's attention for a good length of time and is really versatile . My little guy is 10 months old now , and still has a great time . When your baby is little , it has little kick stands to help keep it stationery , and as your baby grows , you can take these off to make the saucer wiggle around , and your baby gets to work on his balance while strengthening his torso and leg muscles . Not to mention , the toys are really great learning tools . My son loves this , and I 've already bought it for my best friend 's shower gift .
 My older daughter is now 2 1/2 and she LOVED this exersaucer . She still plays with a few things on it while her 10 month old sister is in it ! Even after she got too big to fit in the seat , she still stood next to it to look at the picture book and play with the dragon puppet . It has lots of toys that `` grow with '' your child . Early on they like to play with the noisemaking rattles but as they get older they gravitate towards the color beads , shapes and music items . Definitely one of the best toys we ever purchased and well worth the money spent !
 Great product . My baby loves it . She will play in it for a good hour . She especially loves the electronic attachment that makes the animal sounds . There are also plenty of things to chew on for the teething baby . I put extra little toys in the extra spaces , too I 'm very glad I ordered this product !
 I 'm very cautious when it comes to all these `` educational '' toys . Many of them push academic learning too early . This toy is definitely a cut above the rest for being appropriate and a whole lot of fun for my daughter . Other mothers that come over for playgroup have been very impressed with it for several reasons . First , it has more toys on it than many of the others , so it keep their interest longer . Second , it has adjustable volume -LRB- THANK YOU -RRB- . Third , It has adjustable height . My daughter ca n't get enough of this toy ! She enjoys each of the 9 activities on it -LRB- My favorite is interacting with her through the puppet . -RRB- and I add more toys on it with links for a change of pace . The only drawback is that she likes spending time in it so much , that I have to remember to give her time on the floor to work on her crawling . My husband likes that it tries to teach Spanish -LRB- like an 8 month old cares -RRB- . My daughter already seems to show a preference for the `` cat '' button and I think the `` meow '' sounds exactly like our cats . At first , the lion 's `` roar '' and dog 's `` bark '' scared her , but with a day or two she adjusted . I feel like it was money well spent for a very appropriate activity center .
 I ca n't say enough good things about this entertainer . My 5 month old son absolutely loves it ! This has become my new babysitter . All I have to do is pop him in there and turn on a Baby Einstein movie on repeat and he 's occupied and laughing for well over an hour ! THANKS GRACO you did it again !!
 I originally bought the evenflo and immediatly returned it for this!I LOVE IT ALONG WITH MY 4 MONTH OLD ! IT IS SO WONDERFUL . RUN TO BUY IT !
 My 7 month old has loved this toy since she was 4 months old . Lots of things to see and play with . Great if you have a tall baby , at 30 inches she still fits in it and it is still on the middle notch .
 My eight-month-old son likes this one better than any of his friends ' ! He got it from grandparents at four months when he was able to sit up alone , and he still plays in it . His favorite toys are the rolling cyliders , which each make a different sound , though the book 's pages are a little hard for him to turn . The whole thing will rock like crazy when he gets excited -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- . Just do n't hit the cow button ! It terrifies him .
 My 9 month old Son loves this activity center . He got to big for a bouncer so I had to find something else that would keep him busy . This was a life saver I can leave him in it and get the house work done . It takes him awhile to get bored in it . Totally worth the money !
 I gave it 5 stars because my 4-month old son loves it . He stays in it for about 30 mins at a time , which is fine because I did n't buy it to keep him busy for hours at a time . The features are wonderful . Each day he learns to do more with the toys . It 's great to see him touch and move things at such a young age.I also reviewed all of the activty centers before purchasing this one . Glad I did.I am also a big fan of the Baby Einstein series . I have n't been disappointed in any of their products that I own .
 I bought this exersaucer for my 6 month old daughter who has down syndrome . The quality is good and the variety of toys attached are really nice . Kyley was uncertain at first , but after a few weeks started enjoying it more . Now at seven months she likes it a lot and it has helped strengthen her legs . I think this a product that will continue to be enjoyed by her as she gets older . Kyley is not small for her age and a few of the objects are hard for her to reach at this time . Overall a well made product .
 My daughter really enjoys this play center . Her favorite parts are the rollers and the sun . She enjoys smiling at the sun everytime she is in it . The only drawback that I have for it is that she is small . She was 5 pounds 8 ounces at birth and is developmentally ready for this kind of toy , but she still is very petite for her age , and has trouble reaching certain things . Overall a wonderful toy .
 I had never written a review before now but seeing how helpful reviews generally are to me , I thought I owed it to everyone to write this review : -RRB- My son just turned 8 months old . I had bought the Exersaucer - the basic one , and he loved it , but he outgrew it within a few weeks , at 7.5 m - he is really tall . I discovered this was the stationary entertainer with the highest height limit -LRB- 32 '' -RRB- , so I retured the exersaucer and bought this for $ 20 more -LRB- actually $ 15 cos I had a coupon -RRB- ... Pros : * Expect longer use esp if you have a tall baby * Assembly was waaaaay easier than the exersaucer !!! * The puppet looks silly but he absolutely loves it so who am I to complain ? ;-RRB- * Nice , simple variety of toys - he loves most of them , hopefully he 'll notice the others soon :-RRB- **** Great customer service !! I called them about the picture book because it was shaky and I did n't like how it fit , and they are sending another one . I also called them about the Globe because my active son broke it off on the first day , and they are sending a replacement . No hassle , no annoying questions asked.By the way , do n't worry about plastic or ribbons or anything like that , they 've corrected those issues.Cons * Picture book pages almost impossible for a baby to turn * The animal words could be clearer - can be a little hard to understand what the person is saying in English , not to talk of Spanish * The globe should be designed to withstand pulling and poking from an active baby * Does n't fold up - but truthfully , I do n't know how effective the Exersaucer folding is either - never tested it - and I plan to take the legs off this one once we need to store it.All in all , I think it 's a great product . I would give it a 4.5 stars if I could . If you have a tall baby , this is it , it 's worth the extra . If not , then I liked the Exersaucer as well - it was $ 20 cheaper but very ok -LRB- apart from the assembly PAIN -RRB- , and I did n't have any toys coming off - but this might be more fun for him -RRB- I do n't know how long you can use that with a baby of average height though.Buy it from Babies R uS or Toys R us , they are so great with returns ! If u do n't like it you can always return it , you do n't even need to take it apart.Hope this helps !
 My son enjoys playing with this toy for hours at a time . The puppet is especially nice as it provides parents a way to interact with their loved one . I love all of the Baby Einstein products .
 Love it ... the baby loves it and our doctor says as long as she 's not in it for longer than 30 mins at a stretch it 's fine for her .
 I read all the reviews before I purchased this and I have to say that I am so glad I did . My 6 month old LOVES it ! Granted he does n't stay in it for hours at a time but it 's good for a half hour of exercise ! I use it to strengthen his leg muscles , improve eye-hand coordination , work up an appetite as well as having fun !! It was a snap to assemble , it is quite durable and the parts are secure . I did have a bit of trouble with the globe snapping off but that is it . I 'm glad to see that the company took the advice of others and removed the clear plastic on some of the toys that caused problems for previous customers . I highly reccommend this product !! I am also typing this with my wiggly 6 month old in my lap `` trying to help Mommy type !! ''
 We love this play center . At four months my son loves it . Brings a smile to both our faces . My 20 month old enjoys it too . Worth the money.Anything and everything we have bought from Baby Einstein has been great !!
 Our family 's new toy entertains the 7-mo-old for -- well , I guess , hours , if she were n't so adorable that I pick her up a whole lot sooner . Assembly was straight forward . And , if you ca n't stand the duck 's quacking , you can turn it off . A total hit with all involved .
 We ordered this for our son when he was 6 months old and he loves it ! He loves to spin around and play with all of the toys on top . The toys snap on really tight , so there is no hazard with pulling them off . He just loves standing up .
 We bought this exersaucer when our little guy was barely able to sit upright because we needed a break ! We had no idea how much he would love it ! He plays with the musical animal buttons like a maniac , he looks like he is conducting his own personal orchestra . Without a doubt , the best baby purchase we have ever made . I 'd pay twice the price .
 We love this stationary activity center . We have two of them for our twin boys and they have so much fun playing which can give us a needed break to get a few things done . One of my sons loves to chew on the sunshine rattle . It 's the first thing he goes for when he starts playing .
 I do n't know what people are complaining about with this exersaucer . Yes , the seat is hard to remove , but most of them are . And the lady complaining about it being hard to break down and transport , I do n't think this product was made to transport from one place to another . I would n't have bought it if it were easy to take apart , to me , that would not be safe . My son is 11 months old and we have had this since he was 6 weeks old and he still plays in it occasionly . The tray is easy to wipe down and it has lots of stuff to keep baby busy .
 It was a shower gift and the parents wanted thatparticular gift . Knowing that all the Einsteinproducts are exceptional I thought it would be aterrific gift .
 Being a fan of the Baby Einstein line of products , I put this on my registry . What a great gift it turned out to be . It could entertain my daughter when nothing else did ! She is now 16 months old and too big for it , but when she started watching the Baby Einstein videos , she recognized the characters that were on this center .
 We loved this because we could play with our daughter -LRB- the puppet was fun for us too -RRB- but it also kept her busy long enough to cook a meal or read the paper ! She liked being upright , and the height adjustments were great for our tall baby ... also , it only has ONE battery operated toy so your child is given the opportunity to interact with the toys rather than watch a bunch of flashing lights and music . Saving this for the next child !
 My child is almost 7 months old and desperate for thought-provoking activity . This activity center provides multi-sensory stimulation . In addition to sitting or standing when-ready height adjustment , the colors and textures invite touch and taste , different shapes that can be pulled by the child toward him/herself , sounds -LRB- music , words , rattles -RRB- , buttons to push , discs to spin . I had a few problems during assembly , but amazon quickly sent out a replacement , totally free of charge and I downloaded a return sticker so that I was able to send back the broken items free . All in all , I am very pleased with this and the only negative is that in the beginning , the child can become over stimulated , in which case , just remove some of the toys .
 My son was over 20 pounds and nearly 30 inches tall at 4 months - a big boy - and we decided he was ready for an exersaucer/activity center type toy.I chose this activity center based on the excellent customer reviews and just wanted to add my own because I am so pleased.My son Miles is now 5 months and he absolutely loves to play in it . It really helps my poor back to be able to put my giant son down in this activity center throughout the day and it has really strengthened his leg muscles as well . It has even bought me enough time to take a quick shower when my husband is at work and ca n't watch the baby . I highly recommend the Baby Einstein Discover and Play Activity Center !
 This was pretty simple to put together . We have had it for a few months I think . My baby really likes the roly thing , and the stuffed puppet . I would recommend this toy .
 I researched different exersaucers and could n't be more pleased with this one ! For me , what set this one apart from the others is how `` real '' so many of its components are - the felt hand puppet , etc. . My daughter has been happily been playing in it since she was 4 1/2 months old ... the seat was a little big for her at first but puting a blanket around her made her more secure .
 My daughter has been using this since she was almost 4 months old , and 4 months later , she still loves it . My only complaint is that the `` book '' pages are a little hard for her to turn . This does not seem to frustrate her , she eventually gets it just right , or moves on to another toy . She loves to manipulate all of the toys . There are plenty of soft textures for her to chew on , and the harder toys are well designed so they do not scratch her or hurt her gums . She seemed to recognize the dragon from the video and laughed when I said `` blah !!!! '' while moving the puppet . She learns cause and effect with the noise-makers . It will be interesting to see if she uses `` vaca '' , `` perro '' , `` pato '' and `` leon '' instead of their English counterparts when she begins to talk . It is fairly easy to carry the saucer up or down stairs , depending on which room I need it in.Update - my daughter is 15 months old and still enjoys this toy . However , when she was learning to stand , it was a little tipsy . Also , the braces that pull out to make it more steady are a little jagged , so when she crawled underneath it sometimes they would scratch her . Still a good toy , though !
 I bought this exersaucer for my twin 6 month old boys and they love it . I had initally puchased the evenflo circus exersaucer and it had too many pointy things that the boys kept scratching their faces on . This saucer is great . It has activities that stimulate learning - vocabulary , spatial manipulation , imagination , etc. . And most importantly the boys seem comfortable in it and the activity stations are far enough away that the boys do n't get hurt , unlike the evenflo circus model . It was also easy to put together , which was a plus . This is a great purchase that I am very happy with and which my boys seem to enjoy a lot .
 The Baby Einstien Activity Center is amazing . My daughter started playing in it at about four months old and at first only was interested in the music buttons . So first off , I must say that I am impressed with the music . It plays classical pieces instead of annoying baby music . It makes hearing the same notes over and over and over tolerable!At six months old , she stands up very well , she can almost balance without support already and I really credit this toy for helping her build strong muscles and balance at an early age.I also credit this toy with her skills - she has learned to turn pages in a book , press buttons , use her feet to turn in the circle , spin toys , move things closer to her ... the list goes on and on . Her time spent in the activity center has really helped exercise her brain as much as her body.We keep the activity center next to my desk . When I have computer stuff to do , my daughter gets down to business in `` her offfice '' as we call it . She gets very serious when she 's focused on one of the toys so I always ask her , `` Rough day at the office or what ? `` This is the best . There are so many different activities and the activities really grow with the child - from a four month old learning to push a button to a one year old learning the word `` cat '' . I 'm beyond impressed .
 We received this Activity Center as a shower gift before our baby was born . We finally put him in it at about two months old . His toes barely touched the bottom but he enjoyed it almost immediately . As he grew older he seemed to progress from toy to toy . At first he liked the spinning wheels and could only reach the cow button -LRB- I thought his first word would surely be `` cow '' or `` moo '' -RRB- . Every couple of weeks he would be able to reach or use a new activity and we could watch him grow and progress . We loved it . When he was about 21 pounds he liked to grab and pull the yellow loop and , eventually it snapped at one of the bases . We looked up the number for Baby Einstein on line and were able to easily order a replacement part . However , when we tried to replace the part , it was extremely difficult to remove the broken part and it did not come with removal instructions . After a lot of time and frustration we were able to get the broken piece out and replace it . Now the Activity Center is as good as new and our son still loves to play in it but I do n't know if many people would have the patience for the repair job . All in all I think this is a great product and would recommend it to anyone .
 The design is simple , the toys are not interchangable , but my son goes NUTS in this thing ! We tried the more expensive Exersaucer and he could n't be in it more than 5 minutes before growing tired of it . At 4 months he does n't completely `` fill '' the seat yet and the height is at the lowest setting so he will definitely grow into this.The toys are creative and the layout is appealing allowing little one to enjoy each toy fully . The colors are vibrant and complementary . The materials are high quality and interesting to the touch.Don ' t be fooled by the simplistic look of this toy , Graco/Baby E know what they are doing . This play center is a winner !
 My 5 mo. old loves it ! The only toy he has problems with is the book . The pages are hard to turn . He plays with every toy on it , though . When he first started playing in it , he would stare at the sun and play with the rollers , but now he plays with everything .
 A little pricey , but worth it ! It holds my 8 month old son 's attention . It is not loud , over electronic and annoying . He does n't get bored in it .
 We purchased this saucer when my son was four months old and used it until he started crawling about a month ago -LRB- he gets bored too quickly now that he 's mobile -RRB- . He seemed to really enjoy it ... he especially likes the music that he can make by hitting the same animal button 3 times . However , the buttons are very close together so a wildly smacking hand ca n't necessarily hit with precision ... he 'd get very frustrated if he accidentally hit a different animal and started the process over again rather than make music . It 'd probably be a little better if the buttons were spaced a little further part for little uncoordinated hands . I think my son would have also enjoyed a slight bounce function that some of the other saucers have . However , I still think this is a great toy and definitely recommend it .
 I love this entertainer . I purchased it because I love the Einstein products , plus the toys on it did n't seem to be as overwhelming as the other entertainers . My son has been using it for over four months now . He only played with the sun at first , but now he spins around putting his hands on everything . I like how he can pull the sun , shape tower , and star to himself so he can nibble on them . Since he 's been teething that is all he wants to do these days . I like the sounds because it uses English , Spanish and plays clips of his favorite music from the Einstein collection.I did have a minor flaw with the pegs that keep the saucer stationary . I received a replacement which took care of the problem.We both love this saucer and highly recommend it to all the little Einsteins out there !
 This is an absolute baby `` must have '' . We bought this for our daughter about 6 weeks ago and she still loves this . I put her there to cook dinner or clean up or whatever . Maggie is 5 1/2 months now and small for her age , but this is a good a fit for her and she seems very comfortable . She spins around and plays with all the toys . The safety concerns with the toys have been addressed by the company-mine did not have any strings or tassels attatched or `` beads '' spilling out of the puppet . I guess it was redesigned after complaints . I would highly reccomend this toy .
 My daugter is 6 months and can not stay in one place for long , but when I put her in this she absolutely loves it . If she gets bored of one thing she moves on to the next and she already seems to know how to make the animal sound effects/classical music work the way she wants it to.The only thing I dislike about this product is that the dragon hand puppet and the seat is n't removable so that I can wash them .
 I thoroughly researched exersaucer online before going to the store to purchase one . The one I originally selected is no longer being made , so I found the Baby Einstein one in the store . I liked the colorful toys and the learning activities on it , so I got it for my son.He 's still a little young for it , but we put him in it for a little while each day . And though he does n't have the hand coordination to play with everything yet , he loves to look at the colorful sun toy and the yellow , blue , and green rolling toys . I ca n't wait for him to be able to play with all of the toys on it , and I think this exersaucer far surpasses the others .
 Our 9 month old enjoyed this in the earlier months but he is not into it now . He really loved the starfish and sun . Later on he discovered how to bang on the soundbox to make sounds -LRB- really loved that -RRB- . He totally adored the book too . However , now he will play with the toys OUTSIDE of the seat , but try to stick him in the seat and its like trying to wrestle an aligator into a barrel ! He just fusses a lot . Sometimes he will play happily so long as I am right near him playing and talking to him . My advice is do n't buy it if you can , have grandma or grandpa do that ; but if you get it do n't bank on having an eternally blissful experience with it forever .
 Our five-month old -LRB- yes , you read that right - he is big for his age , and also has a highly active five year-old brother to catch up to -RRB- is obsessed with standing , and objects strenuously if you leave him in a sitting or reclining position for long . Thus , Mom and Dad spend countless hours holding his fingers while he stands with legs braced and feet on Mom 's or Dad 's thighs . Gets frustrating after awhile - not just for Mom and Dad , but for baby as well - you can only make so many silly faces at each other ! We got him the Baby Einstein play center over the weekend , figuring that it would be a bit too advanced for him at this stage , but by the second day , he was standing on his own , maintaining his balance and gleefully manipulating the -LRB- really cool and sturdy -RRB- toys with a grin that spilled over into the occasional maniacal , `` I am the master of my own universe '' baby cackle . Now , when Mom and Dad offer to hold him upright , his eyes drift toward the play center . The construction is such that it offers him great support , which gives him the confidence to explore the center 's various features . We tried some other models in the store , and there was a `` wobble factor '' within the confines of the seat that Mom did n't care for , and neither did baby . The Baby Einstein model is definitely worth purchasing !
 My daughter loves this activity center . She plays with all the toys now that she is 6 months . We started to use it when she was 4 months and she fit pretty good except I had to put a phone book under her feet because they did n't touch at 25.5 inches . I was very impressed by the ease of the swivel . Some of the other centers we looked at were not as smooth.I agree with another reveiwers commments about the soft red triangle `` bleeding '' My daughter loves to suck on the tip so the red has really faded.My main reason for writing this review is to warn other parents about possible defects . My daughter is rather strong and she likes to pull on the caterpillar bead ring as she pulls on the sun and star . The other day I noticed she was pulling it over quite a bit and when I looked at the toy , the plastic was separated at the base . It completely broke off when I tried to remove the toy . I e-mailed Graco and they are sending me a new toy . I had some difficulty removing the end that broke off because there was nothing to pull on . A screwdriver and a little elbow grease worked . I was impressed that Graco offered to replace the activity center if I could not remove the toy.All in all this a great activity center and I would buy it again .
 We have been using this for a few months now . It was passed down from my nephew who loved it . At first my baby just looked at everything and we would rotate her slowly and show her how all the gadgets work . She was immediately stimulated but could n't maneuver them on her own . She would last about 5 minutes and cry . Each day we kept doing it and suddenly she was spinning the 3 little wheels on her own . Another week later she was spinning the large plastic ball . Gradually she 'd last about 15 minutes . In the first few weeks , her leg muscles strengthened considerably ! She loved looking at the plastic book but could n't turn the pages on her own until recently . She also now has the strength to press the buttons to hear the animal sounds . This toy has really grown along with her and she is always discovering something new . Now she 's 8 months old and loves to stay in there about 30-45 minutes . she spins herself around , turns the book 's pages like it 's nothing and especially loves to feel her legs on the bottom disk . We 've had to raise it once , and now that she can fully support her neck we 've raised the legs that keep it steady . She loves to swing her body back and forth and have us spin her around . She is even building upper body strength by pulling herself up on the different objects . It 's wonderful to know she has a safe place to learn and grow . It has stood up remarkably well after years of use . It 's easy to wipe clean and no matter how much she tugs on the objects they keep their position . It is also not so difficult to carry it to different rooms of the house so she can have fun while i 'm cooking or putting clothes away . I just turn it on it 's side and it fits through a standard doorway . Now she 's discovering it from a whole different angle as we prop her up outside of it -LRB- she wants to stand on her own so badly -RRB- and she tries to walk around it to see all her familiar toys .
 I had this exersaucer given to me . What a great product . My twins started using this when they 3 months old . They started getting bored of it when they were about 8 months but we still use it occasionally . There are so many toys and things to grab their attention . When they started getting bored I would using linkeys to hook other toys on . Now that they are mobile , they do n't want to be in it . But we definetly got great use out of this . I would hightly recommend it !
 I bought this for my first grandbaby . It matches the playard I also bought . It is the coolest little baby seat I 've seen . Very happy with it .
 Purchased this for my then-infant daughter , and used it again when her baby brother came along ... and she was STILL interested in it ! In fact , she would crawl over in it and sit and talk to herself in the little mirror -LRB- haha -RRB- They loved the animal sounds , and I credit this to our daughter learning all of them at 9 months old . -LRB- Our son just liked to chew on all the toys lol -RRB- When he started crawling and got too big -LRB- literally -RRB- for it , I re-sold it for $ 35 , which told me this was a great investment in price/value , too !
 This was awesome ! My grandchildren loved it and it still is in great shape for other grandchildren !! : -RRB-
 baby loved it from about 4 months to about 7 months . definately worth it . . only problem is that toward the end of her using it one of the leg pegs wound n't stay locked into place so it wobbles I think though you can buy replace parts for it .
 My boyfriend and I bought this for our daughter as her Easter gift . She is pretty strong at 4 1/2 months old and holds her head up pretty steady . From the moment we put her into it , she absolutly loved it . While she will still continue to grow into it , we prop her in it with a little blanket behind her back so that she is n't so wobbley , but even at her age she is able to spin herself around and grab at all of the toys . I love the little talking/musical toy on it because she does n't have to hit it very hard to make it go off , unlike some toys that she does n't quite have the coordination for yet . She pretty much plays with everything on it , and the toys bend down as she grabs them so that they are more eye-level for her . I would strongly encourage other parents to purchase this activity center . We have n't tried any of the cheaper ones , but based on our own research we just decided to spend the extra money to get this one , and it was money well spent
 I purchased this item online via a gift certificate after reading all reviews . It arrived on my husband 's off-day , but I was at work . My intention -LRB- since my son was 4 mos old -RRB- was to wait a little before assembling . My husband did n't know that , built it while little one was napping , and put him in it later that day . The report when I got home was that he loved it and was in it for an hour , enthralled . I was initially mad because I did n't think his feet were at the bottom , and was worried about mis-shaping his growing legs or something like that . Truthfully , it depends on the kid . My son 's legs are long , and his toes touch down . I tried the phone book technique , as per other reviews , but it was n't necessary . In fact , my son hated that . So out it came and back to work he went.He 's now 5 mos . and going strong . They hit things haphazardly , and repetedly , but in time they get the idea that THEY are doing it . You can also rotate them yourself if they 're too little to do it themselves . Gives them a change of scenery.I agree that they should be removed after 20-30 min . because frankly , if they 're in the state to be expressive , active , and playful , the parent should capitalize on that . They get most of their knowledge from real people , not playthings.Side note
 I did alot of research prior to purchasing this activity center for my then 4 month old son . He always wanted to stand up and would arch his back and stiffen up in his bouncer or swing . At first he was a little too short , even on the lowest setting for the legs , but until he was tall enough we used the Atlanta Yellow pages to give him the extra boost he needed . Will 's favorite toy is the animal/music buttons . My husband often works until 2 o'clock in the morning and he has been startled on more than one occasion when he 's bumped in to the activity center in the middle of the night and heard a lion `` growling '' at him ; remember to turn it off after your child is done playing . My son splits his play time between the activity center and a doorway jumper ; he likes being vertical so he can see everything going on in the house and he can still rest when he gets tired by just taking a seat . Definitely recommend to anyone looking for an activity center . I took Will to Babies R Us and let him `` test drive '' all of the different ones and he fit best in this .
 I can not speak highly of this item ! Our son is 3 1/2 mos . old & LOVES this ! He has an absolute blast in it & I know he 'll continue to do so !! There are so many things to keep him busy & he 's already learned so much from it ! Get it , get it , get it !!! : -RRB-
 This was a really good buy for us . My little guy did n't know how to take this play center at first -LRB- the sound of the yellow wheel scared him initially -RRB- but after a little while , he discovered the dragon and played with him so hard that I thought he would tear it to shreds ! He is now turning and playing with everything ... even the yellow wheel !! He 's even turning the little plastic book and looking at the animals before laughing at himself in the mirror . I 'd tell any parent to at least give it a try .
 My son has been of the opinion that he should be walking since he was three months old which has led to hours of holding him upright and very tired arms for Mommy ! He has a jumperoo , which he loves , however he tires in it after 10-15 minutes . My husband and I took him to Babiesrus to `` test drive '' the various entertainers and he immediately took to the Baby Einstein one . It may have simply been recognition due to the DVD 's and toys he has with the same characters but he definitely preferred this to the others . We got it home and put it together and plopped him in ... definitely still loves it ! He 'll happily entertain himself for 45 minutes and loves that he can stand and watch everything around him ! He loves `` slapping '' the animals and hearing what sounds they make and he is mesmerized by the plush sunshine that he likes to bat at and `` talk '' to . It 's relieved my arms and satisfied his urge to scootaround and `` walk '' . He also loves watching his DVD 's while in it and it makes reading to him so much easier ... he can play and stand while looking at the pages of the books . Definitely worth every penny ! We 've been nothing but impressed with the Baby Einstein products .
 I had read a lot of reviews about this product and kept reading about the ribbons that fray and the baby who choked on them . The mother stated that she would contact Graco . When I went to Babies R Us today - the display model had the ribbons as well as the package . When my husband was assembling it - I mentioned the ribbons and he tossed the toy to me and they were gone . To all parents for whom this was a concern - I believe it has been addressed by Graco !!!
 I have 3 boys , the oldest 9 , the youngest 7 mths . Each of my children have had an exesaucer of some kind , and this one is by far the best that I 've bought . It was really easy to put together , and as soon as we put our youngest in it , the other two -LRB- ages 9 and 2 -RRB- used it as well for entertainment . My oldest uses the puppet to entertain the babies . My 2 year old dances to the music , and my 7 mth old just loves to sit and play . Also , I 've noticed that my 7 month old tries to stand up , and his posture has improved greatly since we 've had this .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was about 3 months old . While I thought she 'd enjoy it , she exceeded my expectations and fell in love with it ! She loved spinning in the seat , and chewing on all of the toys . The cat noise in particular made her laugh . She rarely got restless before she 'd been in the center for 30 minutes . I once left her in it for 2 hours -LRB- not recommended , I know -RRB- while installing a light fixture . She had the time of her life.The center has held up very well , and still looks brand new after all of the use.The only downside is that since about 9 months , she seems bored with it , and it 's only been used once in the past 2 months .
 We had a blast putting this together . My husband and I bought this for our nephew for an early Christmas present . What a breeze to assemble . Oh and for all the people out there that are having feet problems . Try reversing the way you have the feet in there . The squared lipped end of the feet need be towards the top of the unit.The fabric is not Easy to get off the chair but certainly not hard . I would n't want my little nephew to be able to bounce the fabric off the chair . Buy this . Oh and the quietness of the music box is AWESOME . My nephew is only 4 mos old and gets scared by loud noises that most toys make .
 My son loves this activity center . I saw this on the website and had been saving money to buy one for my son . I am a single Mom and needed something to `` confine '' him while I shower or need to do housework . I bought this when he was almost 6 months old and his little feet could barely touch . He is a little small for his age . He is now 7 months old and fits perfectly . The book with the pictures of real animals is his favorite and he loves the area that sings old mcdonald . I sing along with it and he just laughs . I recently washed the red cloth that he sits in and it did not fade . I recommend spending the extra money to purchase this item . It is great !
 My 6 month old son loves this thing . It allows me to fill the dishwaser , or throw in a load of laundry . He attacks the dragon and plays with all of the toys . I 've been watching for the run off of color , but have n't noticed that yet -LRB- and my son is the vominator and pukes all over it -RRB- . He loves it and I love that it is n't as wide as some others .
 I think this activity center is worth every penny . My son is only three months old -LRB- yet he is already 18 lbs , 27 inches -RRB- , and he already loves it . He will sit in this center for quite a while . In just one week he has figured out how to get it to play music , and how to spin around . He loves the bright colors of the toys . However , it does require a medium amount of asseembly with general household tools . But again , it is worth it .
 My 6 month old son loved this from the first moment he was in it . When he pushes the animal buttons enough times to get it to play a song he grins from ear to ear . He plays with all the toys but loves to chew on the sun and star .
 I purchased the entertainer a little before Christmas , but could n't wait for Christmas to give it to my 3 1/2 month old daughter ... so she got it 2 weeks before . She lives in the thing . It has defintiley been a life saver for me . She plays with all of the toys on it and loves to chew on the starfish . She actually spins the things that needs to be spun and pushes all of the buttons . It amazes me how much she is learning from this toy ! We both love it !
 There are a number of products similar to this out there , but none of them have the same safety record . I have actually purchased two of these , one for my house and one for my son 's home . My granddaughter took to this like bread to butter from the first moment on . We call it `` The Command Center '' She looks like a Star Trek character twirling around and zooming in on aliens . It has kept her attention and provided some time out for my daughter in law for several months now . I 'd say this product is well worth the extra 20 bucks for the top of the line safety it provides and the fun the kids have in it .
 I would recommend this product to parents . Baby Einstein always has great products and my little boy loves his entertainer . He likes the bright colors and the Bard the Dragon puppet is his favorite .
 I bought this for my grandaughter when she was about 5 or 6 months old . Once she learned to turn the seat it really kept her occupied . She liked the music best and would hit it over and over and over ! It is very secure and you do n't have to worry about them turning over . Of course I like it because it is n't like a walker giving them the opportunity to get into something or pull something over on them . We carried it from room to room . She likes to watch TV in it and it is also a great entertainer when washing dishes . I found nothing about it that I would change . Great item .
 This toy has bought me countless hours of housekeeping time . My son has enjoyed this exersaucer since he was five months old -LRB- he 's nine months now -RRB- . The toys are very bright and engaging - and durable because he gives them quite a beating . I 'm sure he will enjoy this until he learns how to climb out of it !
 I got this when my daughter was 4 months old . She would sit in it for about 5 minutes , then want to get out . But now that she is 6 1/2 months , she loves this and stays in it for about 30 + minutes and just entertains herself . She has great coordination now and she loves to smack and grab the toys , and she coos at the little sun and loves to pull on everything and put it in her mouth . When we go to family functions or just to someone 's house , we always grab the entertainer . It is very easy to break down and put right back together -LRB- if it does n't fit in the car -RRB- . This by far is the best toy that she enjoys and LEARNS from . She is quite tall for her age , 27 1/4 inches and we still have 2 more height adjustments on this . This is the best $ $ $ $ we have spent so far .
 I purchased this toy for my son when he was 4 months old . At first , he seemed a little intimidated by the toys , and would cry when I put him in it . Once he got used to it , he really enjoyed it.Now he plays with all the toys , and he likes that it wobbles around . His favorite toy seems to be the sun and the counting beads.I did not experience the problem with the feet that others wrote about . Just lucky I guess.The seat is really hard to remove for washing , which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5
 We got this as a gift at my baby shower and of the gifts we got , this is in the top 3 , after the boppy pillow and bouncy chair . My son loved this activity center ! We started putting him in it when he was around 4 months old and used it almost everyday until he was about 7 months old . It has so many activities to entertain him and he never got bored with it until he learned how to crawl . He loved pushing the buttons to make the animal sounds and the music play and spinning the wheels . It 's also nice that there are n't any sharp edges on the toys so he would n't hurt himself , unless some of the other activity centers/exersaucers . The only complaint I have about it is that it 's hard to take the seat off so you can wash it . You really have to pry it off .
 Bought this for our 5 month old and he 's still loving it at 7 months . It is the way that I get to cook dinner , so I love it too ! However , it 's not perfect . FYI , the assembly instructions could be a bit better . It 's hard to figure out how to assemble the little stands that stablize the bottom saucer . I had to call the manufacturer for help . The holes dont match up but I learned that 's because Graco , the manufacturer , uses the same saucer on several different toys so the holes are actually for a different application . The same little stands -LRB- or legs -RRB- do n't stay clicked into place , so I 've given up and we let the saucer just rock . I did ask Graco to send another set , which they said they would do . We 're waiting for those to arrive . In addition , our boy loves the puppet , but it 's not the easiest to operate . The hole in the back just doesnt seem to be angled right and it 's hard to make your fingers fit to properly move the mouth . I 'd have given it 5 stars if I didnt have to spend so much time futzing with the stands and calling the manufacturer .
 My 4 1/2 month old loves this item -LRB- and so do I ! -RRB- It was easy to assemble , and baby loves the fact she is sitting up and exploring on her own . She especially loves the animal sound buttons . I highly recommend this item ! I am so glad I purchased it for her . She is so happy !
 I have 2 activity centers by different makers -LRB- the other is at Grandmas house -RRB- so I have something to compare this to . I can honestly say this this Activity Center is worth the extra 15-20 dollars you might have to spend . To begin , the seat swivels easily for the baby to move from one activity to the next . That might not be an important issue for older babies but my daughter was 4 months old when she started to use this and compared to the other exersaucer , it really makes a differnce having a seat she can maneuver . The toys attachments are of great quality and offer a variety of skills for baby to learn from and to be entertained by . I ca n't say enough positive things about this Activity Center . I highly recommend it as it is both stimulating and entertaining for baby .
 When my son was about 3.5 months old he had decided that laying on his back was no longer acceptable to him . He has enough head and back control to sit up with a little assistance , but the idea of having to hold him 24/7 to keep him happy was unacceptable to me.My husband and I had gone to look at high chairs when I got the notion to put my son in one of these . He was so happy . He jumps up and down and squealed a lot as he went from toy to toy . The first one we put him in was already a bit too small for him , but this one was just high enough on the lowest setting for his feet to just touch the bottom . After seeing my son 's original reaction , we pick one up and brought it home.He spends a lot of time in it . Playing with the toys , watching me work , etc. . For additional entertainment value , I 've been placing some of his other toys on it and he picks them up and puts them right into his mouth . I also took those toys you hang from the infant seat and attached them to the center and he can chew on them without them falling onto the floor.It 's great and with a bit of creativity can be changed to keep my son entertained for hours.Also , if I need to change rooms , I just grab the edge of the center and drag my son in it with me -LRB- DO N'T carry it , drag it -RRB- and it slides easily on the carpet or tile .
 This is a wonderful toy . Our 7 month old daughter has been enjoying this since she turned 4 months old . We bought it because she loved the ones similar to it at her day care . She is entertained for upwards of 30 minutes . It is sturdy and I feel very comforable with her in it . There is plenty of room to grow but still gives her stabilizing support while she learns to balance and support her upper body . It was more expensive than most of the others but the quality of this product is well worth it . I have washed the seat a number of times and I clean it with lysol and it shows NO signs of wear at all , its like new !
 OK ... this is my first onliine review so bear with me.I did my reasearch when I decided to replace my middle child 's evenflo Exersaucer with a newer one . I came very close to buying the ultrasaucer but then readd many reviews that it was unsafe and the toys were overstimulating , hard and not infant appropriate . I decided to get this one . And I am very happy I did . First of all , we are big fans of Baby Einstien . I put this together in about 30 minutes , it was a cinch ! The seat cover is a little tricky to get off once it is on there -LRB- misplaced it on the rings and had to redo -RRB- but it does come off with a little patience . I think my misplacement of the seat cover on the plastic seat itself took me 15 minutes of the whole assembly time . It goes together without a problem . The ribbon issue that I have read about from other reviewers is no longer an issue because they have obviously corrected this hazard by revamping the toy and there are no ribbons attached to it now . The toy that does have sounds is battery operated and you can replace them as opposed to other exersaucers that when the battery dies , there is no replacement . My four month old son is sitting in this as I type andd very amused and entertained with the toys . I like these toys because they are not very over powering or over stimulating . There are not as many toys as on other models but the toys that are on it are just the perfect and I love the colors ! He seems to love it too ! So I reccomend this product whole heartedly . Will update as he gets older ! Hope he remains this entertained !
 We purchased the Baby Einstein exersaucer right before our daughter turned 6 months old . She was starting to sit up in her bouncy seat , trying to tip it over , so we needed a secure toy for her to play in . We saw the exersaucer on the Baby Einstein website . It was really the only one we considered . We took her w/us to Babies R Us and let her sit in it prior to purchasing it . She loved it instantly ! We also let her sit in a few others , but we were concerned that some of the other exersaucers had too many toys and would be over-stimulating . Also , we liked the bright colors of this exersaucer . It took about 30 minutes to put together . The fabric was somewhat difficult to attach to the seat , but it just requires a little extra patience . The book/mirror was tricky to snap in , but everything else snapped or screwed in easily . We did have a problem w/the music box attachment . When trying to install the batteries , we stripped the screw . It takes a very tiny screwdriver to get to this screw ! We will have to contact Graco to receive a replacement part b/c although the music box works , the battery compartment can not be screwed as tightly shut as we would like . We like that the exersaucer is not noisy , as there is only one toy that has sound effects . The sound effects are good . It would be great if ABCs or 123s could be part of the sound effects , but this is often the case w/so many other toys anyway . The toys are soft , which is good b/c our daughter likes to chew on them . If we could change one thing , it would be the dragon puppet . It would be great if this puppet could be removed and even switched out w/other Baby Einstein puppets b/c our daughter loves to play w/it . The surface and seat are easily cleaned w/a baby wipe . Even spit-up wipes up clean . There is room to put other items on the platform , such as blocks , a teether , or a pacifier . Our daughter likes to have blocks on top to push off and watch them fall . It is smaller than a lot of other exersaucers , so it does n't take up a lot of space in our living room . The height can be easily adjusted , too . This exersaucer is lightweight and can be moved anywhere throughout the house . We hope that our daughter will be able to enjoy this exersaucer for several months to come .
 We took our 5 1/2 month old son to BRU to try out exersaucers and see which he liked best . We put him in the Jumperoo and he was just kind of hanging out . We put him in this one and I do n't think I 've ever seen him get so excited about something so quickly ! We knew we had a winner . I 'm watching him play in it right now and he is just so happy . He smiles and laughs and grabs for everything . It 's probably the best purchase we 've made for him toy-wise yet . I highly recommend it !
 I just bought this activity center yesterday for my 4 1/2 month baby - and she loves it ! I put her in it today and she kept herself busy for 20 minutes , and she never likes to be put down for that long . She was amazed will all of the different things to play with . I purchased this product after reading all of the reviews . I was going to get her a walker , but called our pediatrician and he recommended we get her a stationery activity center . My daughter loves all of her Baby Einstein products and this one just joined the list !
 I have a 5 month old daughter and we have had this play center for about a month . SHE LOVES IT !!! It did n't take her long to spin herself around so she can look and play with everything . She especially loves the red , blue and yellow spinners -LRB- first things she discovered -RRB- and now she 's really into the button that makes the cow sounds and laughs at daddy and I while we dance to the song . Everything is brightly colored and she can sit in it for hours . She also loves to `` talk '' to the dragon puppet . It 's her favorite toy .
 I bought this item for my daughter on her 3 month birthday as soon as she could hold her head up on her own.I wanted something that would encourage solo play and this was a great buy ! Although it did n't seem to have as many bells and whistles as some of the other products like this on the market , it did seem much safer because it did n't have anything sharp or pointy that could potentially injure my daughter.The first time I put her in it she just calmly looked at all the different toys , sort of soaking it all in . Eventually she started to grab at everything and press the buttons to play the different sounds . She tries to put everything in her mouth too , but that 's part of learning ! She now goes crazy in there , spinning around on her own , banging and grabbing at everything and squealing with delight.The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I 'm not too impressed with the little red pegs that hold the bottom stable -LRB- you can remove them to make it rock -RRB- The quality of the plastic is n't very good and one of our pegs broke so we have to prop books under that side if we do n't want it to rock back and forth . But otherwise , it 's a great toy !
 I brought my 4 month old to the store and put him in every excersauce/enetertainer similar to this one . He did n't seemed interested in any one of them until I put him in the Baby Einstein Caterpiller Entertainer . He started moving and reaching for the toys and talking !!!!! I could n't believe it !!! I saw some other ones that were cheaper and had other features that I liked but we came home with the Baby Einstein Caterpillar Entertainer . I will say this , my son has tons of toys and anything imaginable that will entertain him . Out of all the things he has -LRB- some of them , I paid too much money for -RRB- this is one of my better buys . He plays in the exersaucer everyday and it was worth EVERY penny spent !!!!! I actually feel like I 'm getting my moneys worth and he 's happy as can be in his toy . I love everything about this exersaucer !!! I ca n't even do chores b/c I just love watching him play with this toy . He just lights up and has a great time talking and playing . I highly reccommend this product !
 OUR SON IS 4.5 MONTHS OLD AND LOVES THIS TOY . WE WERE FINDING IT HARD TO KEEP HIS ATTENTION WITH THE PLAY GYMS WHERE HE LAYS ON THE FLOOR . HE KEPT WANTING TO TRY TO SIT UP SO THAT HE COULD LOOK AROUND AND SEE WHAT WAS GOING ON . HE WAS 27 INCHES AT 4 MONTHS AND HE FITS PERFECT AT THE LOWEST SETTING . THIS KEEPS HIS ATTENTION FOR UP TO 2 HOURS WHICH IS GREAT FOR A BABY , IT GIVES ME TIME TO GET THE COOKING , CLEANING , ETC DONE . HE LOVES BEING ABLE TO SEE WHAT HIS GOING ON AROUND HIM AND IT HELPS TO BUILD UPPER AND LOWER BODY STRENGTH . WE DO HAVE TO PUT A LITTLE BLANKET IN THE FRONT AND BACK OF HIM TO HELP SUPPORT HIM SINCE HE CAN NOT SIT UNSUPPORTED YET AND THIS WORKS GREAT ! CANT GO WRONG WITH THIS ACTIVITY CENTER , JUST ENOUGH TOYS TO NOT OVER STIMULATE .
 I purchased the Baby Einstein Discover and Play center to keep at the office for days my then-5-mnth-old son , Toby , was with me at work . He immediately loved the musical buttons and the sun , and ignored everything else . As he grew , he discovered the other toys one by one . It was exciting to watch him perfecting the different skills necessary to manipulate the activities.Because I used the Baby Einstein as a secure place for meals , it needed regular cleaning . The seat pops right off for easy cleaning , but the cloth saddle is a little hard to unsnap from the base . Overall , the assembly is pretty easy - I put it together myself and I am NOT mechanically inclined.I definitely recommend the Baby Einstein activity center . I looked at several other brands and was turned off by all the obnoxious toys and activities . I wanted something Toby could learn from , not just be dazzled by the bells and whistles . I ca n't say Toby learned any Spanish from the language buttons , but the Baby Einstein kept my son engaged even at 11 months , when his willingness to stay in one place was usually short-lived .
 I bought this activity center for my 4 months old baby boy . The first time he was in it he was scared , but after awhile he got used to it ... he played for 20 minutes . Now at almost 7 months he still plays with it . He likes chewing on the star and the dragon puppet . He now enjoys making loud noises and basically bang on everything . One thing I would suggest for improvement is to have more than 3 pegs for the legs . At 22 pounds he jumps alot and one of the peg broke cause I guess it does n't support the amount of movement he makes . Other than that it is a great buy for a very active baby boy .
 I was looking for a exersaucer for my 4 1/2 baby girl , I did n't do much research , and was actually looking for a used one . I found this one , I put my daughter in it and she absoulutally LOVES it ! She 's been in it now for about 20 minutes and still is not fussing to get out ! I did some research of course after I bought it and found that there was a recalled toy on it , but I called custermer service and they took care of it right away and a new part is on it 's way . They really stand by their products and that 's why I buy Graco products .
 I bought this for my 4 month old and at the time he was a little young . Got tired too easily in it . However , now at 5 months - he loves it ! He uses his hands to press the buttons - his favorite is the round musical toy with lights and sounds . It does n't really allow him to jump which is ok . But , he does manage to turn a little with his feet and move the inside chair to find the different toys . For the most part , I turn him after a while so he does n't get too bored with one toy . I will agree with two cons listed from another review
 I looked for an exer-saucer for over 2 months that was 100 % American made and assembled . Wal-Mart was the last place I looked and to my surprise I found this wonderful exer-saucer . It looked colorful & well made . I did look at the reviews on other websites before we purchased this one . As my husband was putting this together our son would n't take his eyes off of the colorful attachments laying on the floor . From the moment we put him in this exer-saucer he has LOVED exploring all of the accessories . He loves to pull the star down and `` gum '' it - as he is teething . The `` 3 rollers '' make different sounds and he loves the variety of noises -LRB- not frustrating for parents ears -RRB- . I can not get over how enthralled our son is when he plays in this saucer . Typically he would play with his toys for 10-15 minutes ... TOPS . Now in this exer-saucer , I can set him in it and make dinner or take a shower for 30 minutes or so and he happy as can be . I HIGHLY recommend this product!We have just recently purchased this exer-saucer , my husband and I can not testify to the durability of this product YET . So I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 . The only improvement that could be made is that it could bounce like some of the other exer-saucers . But in the grand scheme of things , that one minor feature does n't bother our son . He has a Johnny Jump Up that he can use for jumping purposes.Again , I highly recommended this exer-saucer . It is a fabulous play center for any mom looking for a fun way for your children to play and learn !
 I was shopping around for an item like this before my son was even born . I have 2 other children that had one when they were smaller and it was a huge hit with them . And I am not disapointed with this baby 's reaction either . He absolutely loves it . Not only is he entertained , but his enjoyment entertains everyone else . I would recommend this to anyone . I read some of the other reviews and whatever their experience may be , I am very satisfied.My complaint , which is the reason behind getting a 4 rating instead of a 5 rating , is with the shape of the item at delivery . The box was very badly beaten up . The tape was barely holding . Had there been any smaller pieces , they would have fallen out . There does n't seem to be any damage . But that is only one delivery . How many others did n't get as lucky ? Unhappy customers tend to tell their story more so than happy customers . If I were part of Amazon , I would make an effort to correct the situation.Thank you , The customer
 This is a very cute entertainer , but my son -LRB- 6 months -RRB- does n't like to sit still for very long . His favorite toy is still his evenflo `` jump and go '' ... I think it makes him feel like he 's actually going somewhere . He 's still a tad bit short for this entertainer as well . We put a blanket on the bottom so he can get traction and move around . As far as exersaucers go this is the nicest I 've tried/seen , but there is no way to tell for sure if your kid will like one unless you try them in one . Lots of bright colors & a variety of activities , so I 'd recommend this one if your kid is the exersaucer type .
 My 6 month old was always a fan of Baby Einstein videos . So , I decided to purchase this entertainer because he loves the videos and characters . He fell in love with it since the first day . Unlike other exersaucers , this particular one has toys all around the saucer . It also has more toys than most.This is why I decided to purchase it . He loves it , and of course he 's familiar with the music the toy plays . The first day when the music was playing he thought it was the T.V. and looked at it -LRB- it was off -RRB- it was pretty funny.I love this product and would recommend it to anyone whose baby loves Baby Einstein videos/products .
 I borrowed this play center from a friend to have as a spare at my mother 's house ... i have the ExerSaucer mega circus at my house ... my daughter will only spend a few minutes in the exersaucer but stays hours in the baby einstein ... she never seems to get bored ... i went with the exersaucer because it was reasonable and highly rated ... boy do i wish i spent the extra money because the Graco Baby Einstein Discover and Play Entertainer is a lifesaver ...
 My daughter loved this from the start . The play seemed very intuitive for her . I myself have 2 problems with this and they both have to do with the mirror/flip book section . My daughter is constantly pulling it off of the device . She is strong but by no means a Hercules . The back of the mirror piece has 2 sharp pointy prongs which are supposed to hold it in place , but obviously do n't . She 's so proud every time she tears it out but I 'm afraid she 's going to poke herself with the prongs . Maybe if the pages were not so awkward to turn she would n't pull it out - the awkwardness is the second problem . If this were taken care of I would give it the 5 stars my daughter thinks it deserves .
 I got this when my son was about 6 months old because he could sit up and I thought he would enjoy it . -LRB- My husband calls it low-maintenance playing . -RRB- But he LOVES it . He 's always happy in there and even if we 're sitting on the floor near it he lunges for it . The toys are colorful , safe and easy to clean . He loves to bang on the musical drum and hear all the animal noises and songs . There 's a low volume level , too , in case loud noises scare your baby or bug you.Other babies even come over and love it . Baby Einstein consistently makes great quality products that keep the baby entertained . I would definitely get this exersaucer again .
 We have loved all of the different feature as our daughter has grown . At nine months , she seems to have exhausted all of the activities provided , but it is a great place to put her when I jump into the shower because I know she is happy and safe !
 We went to ToysRus and tried out all of the different exersaucers and this one is by far the best . It has a lot of stimulating things without being overloaded with stuff , and there is something for all different developmental phases . Some of the other exersaucers , like the Evenflo one , are borderline dangerous with sharp objects that a baby could easily bop his or her head on , but this one has very smooth objects which seem very safe . The music is great too . Even though it does n't fold up like some of the other ones , it is a lot better value . It was easy to put together , and our son can play in it for long periods of time without getting bored at all . A + +
 We got this for our 4 month old daughter Sara for her big Christmas gift . -LRB- she is 6 months now -RRB- It was either the Leap Frog play station or this one . Both reputable educational and musical product companies . We looked at both . Leap Frog seemed boring . . not a lot of toys and just blahh . The Baby Einstein was colorful , and lots of toys and musical objects , was great priced , and it allowed Sara to have the best longest use out of it since it goes above the standard to 32 inches in height . It was easy for my husband to put together and its easy to adjust the height of the seat as she gets taller . My 3 yr old son sits on it and gets in trouble doing that , but this hasnt broken yet !! Its highly stable , secure , and durable through any toddler tornado 's tantrum . I love how musical and whimisical and baby friendly this is . It 's not annoying at all . And she loves it !! She can be in there for over an hour while I clean or eat ! My son plays with it with her and does the puppet and dances to the music for her . Nothing bangs into her face or head . All toys on the center are very safe and secure and highly fun and entertaining . You can even wipe up any messes of spit up , baby food , etc. . with a baby wipe and it comes right off the cloth seat It was priced good . I feed her in here too . She has fun while she eats . I highly reccomend to any Mom and her baby ! Oh and I drag this to grandma 's house too in the trunk of my SUV and its a lifesaver at home and over grandma 's house ! A + + +
 We purchased this for our daughter when she was 3 months . At that time , she could only push the little noise maker and hit the rattles b/c she was n't tall enough to reach the other toys . She is now 7 months old and has been playing w / everything on it for the past two months . She loves all the toys and there 's lots for her to chew on . She smiles really big every time we put her in this toy . I 've been very satisfied w / all our Baby Einstein purchases !
 If I could give this a 4.5 I would . It 's great and my baby loves it . My only comment would be it 's a bit of a pain to remove the seat for washing and my baby spits up a good bit so it get 's washed a lot . That being said it is still very bright despite frequent wahings and I am honestly not sure what you could do to improve upon the design . My daughter really enjoys each toy on this item and it 's easy for me to sit with her and play along . The seat seems to support her well also .
 My son is 6 mos old , however we purchased this entertainer when he was 4 mos . My son absolutely loves it - he plays with all of the critters and toys . It took a few weeks for him to grow into it - his feet dangled and he needed a blanket shoved down between his back and the seat , but he fits well in there now and would probably love to stay in it during all times he 's awake ! It provides a nice break for mom too ... I can eat some breakfast or get dressed without having to run out to the living room every 5 secs to see what he 's up to .
 This Entertainer from Baby Einstein by far is the best !!!!! My son is 6 1/2 months old ... and goes nuts in this !!! Tonight , he was in it for 2 1/2 hrswhile watching Baby Einstein Videos !!! Really , we could not be happier!Baby Einstein productsare the best.Don ' t hessitate on this one , you wo n't be dissapointed!Oh , the little red pegs at the base should always be putdown if your baby is on the floor ... common sense = -RRB- Great product , Sandra
 My baby loves this toy and did n't like the Exersaucer Ultra at all . This one is head and shoulders above the Exersaucer .
 My 4 month old boy loves his activity center . We chose it because there are alot of interactive toys to keep him stimulated compared to some others we looked at . The characters & music are also the same as on the Baby Einstein videos , which he also loves.Construction is also very sturdy ... my little one is 75th % for height & weight and is never still , but we 've had no problems with his activity center.Only drawback is the electronic toy ... the spanish version of the animal names is difficult to understand because they 're spoke too quickly and by children that do n't speak spanish , so there 's an accent . I am bilingual and was very dissapointed in this . It could also be improved by having all the animals light up rather than just the one in the center.Otherwise I would definately recommend this product .
 my daughter absolutely loves this product ! has plenty of things to entertain her . i put her in it when i am in the shower and it is great ... it is also nice that it can go up three different levels .
 This saucer is definitely a great toy . My 6 month old twins have enjoyed it since they were 4 months . They love the sounds , sights , and music . In fact , my son 's first laugh came from the sounds of the spinners before he was big enough to even use it . The one drawback is that they now want to bounce and it has no springs like the Evenflo ultrasaucer we own as well . It is sad when my son `` bounces '' but does n't go anywhere . It would be a 6 star if it only had springs .
 My daughter is almost 4 months old & at the stage where she needs to be entertained all the time . My Mother & I went shopping & after exploring several different exersaucers , we decided on the Baby Einstein Caterpillar Discover Play Center & let me just say it was a lifesaver . Not only does it help develop my daughters fine motor skills but it helps her learn `` cause & effect '' . I also loved how it says the types of animals in spanish . The only drawback is that it needs wheels on the bottom to move it from room to room easier . Other than that , it 's great & I would recommend it to anyone .
 We bought this saucer for our now 6 1/2 month old when she was 4 months . She loved it and was turning around , pushing the buttons to make the animal sounds . She also pulls on the objects to get them in her mouth . However , I noticed that that the item with the animal sounds is not secure -LRB- yes , we tighened it several times -RRB- and our daughter when leaning forward would hit her head . I know , babies will hit there head , but maybe it could have been made with something softer .
 Love this product ! My baby loves to sit in this and watch the Baby Einstein movies . It has been an absolute lifesaver . I could not live without this and the jumperoo . Buy this one !
 I bought this when my daughter was just 4 months old and she loved it . She still plays with all the items at 7 months old . The seat moves easily for her to reach all the toys . Very wise investment .
 Nowhere in the instructions does it tell you that there is plastic film over the mirror -LRB- where the pictures of the animals are -RRB- . It comes off pretty easily and your baby could easily try to eat it ! Otherwise a great diversion for hungry little minds !!
 We received the Discover and Play as a shower gift and I am so excited to finally be able to use it . My son is now 3.5 months old and has been holding his head up unsupported now for a little over a week , so we thought we 'd give it a try ... he loves it . It provides him with yet another position to be in other than lying down or sitting in a swing/bouncy seat . The `` activities '' surrounding the very cushy seat are plentiful and provide him with colorful things to look at and touch . I would have purchased this product at the full price -LRB- Babies ' R Us mails coupons to you for things like this if you 're on their mailing list -RRB- had I not received it as a gift ... well worth the money !
 We bought this for our son 's first Christmas . He was 5 months . He started playing with it instantly . It 's a great way to keep him entertained while I exercise , make bottles , or clean up .
 This is a great activity center for babies 3 months and older . We got it as a gift for my baby shower and put it together last month . Evan loves to sit in it and grabs at the toys . He ca n't quite reach the bottom yet , but that does n't stop his enjoyment . We had no problems putting it together , and have had no problem with the top coming off the legs . As for the 3 stack toy , I will watch closely to see if there is any fraying at the sewn edges . I recommend this toy to keep baby occupied and happy .
 This product saved me ! I used to spend all my time trying to entertain my baby even while I was cleaning around the house . Now that I have the Baby Einstein caterpillar I can get up to 30 minutes to myself to clean around without having to worry if she is being stimulated enough . I was n't crazy about the dragon puppet so I took it off but everything else she loves .
 I have to say I love Baby Einstein products are truely the best overall . They never fall short of what Im looking for . My son -LRB- 4 months -RRB- loves this toy . And with his short attention spand I thought this toy wouldnt entertain him for very long . I 'm glad I was wrong . It has just enough toys to keep him occupied , but also the right amount so he is not confused or over stimulated . I guess my baby must be really tall because I dont have to put anything under his feet . I did find putting a small pillow in front of his tummy seems to be more comfortabl for him . He loves it , I think the only let down is that he cant seem to the toys to his mouth . But it 's still fun . I like that the sounds arent too loud or annoying . They also tell you the names in spanish . I am very happy with this toy . I wish they made a walker similar to it , because my baby is ready to go . He doesnt like staying still for too long . It 's just a little bit hard to clean in between all the toys , but over all one of the better activity centers they have on the market .
 This is an EXCELLENT product , albeit a bit overpriced . The toys that come with it are entertaining and most importantly , safe for baby . However , there are a few shortcomings that make this product far from meriting a more perfect ' 5 star rating ' . Firstly , this product should have one more short height setting for shorter babies . One should not have to go fumbling around for phone books , cushions , etc. as I , and many others , had to do in order for baby to be able to reach the floor of this unit . Secondly , the screw in the battery powered speaking duck-cow-cat-lion-dog unit is way too tiny , and was screwed on so tight from the factory , that it is easy to strip when trying to take the battery cover off . Not to mention very inconvenient when realizing you have to find a different , much smaller screwdriver than the one you 've been using to attach some toys during assembly . In addition , the graphic animal symbols on this battery powered unit are not real photo images of the animals . They are painted on picture graphics . It would have been a better learning tool if the animals were real photo images , just like on the ` book toy ' . This way , the baby could better associate the animal sounds with the corresponding animal using REAL photo images . Lastly , the rotating harness could be padded a lot better than it currently is . Especially for smaller and thinner babies still learning standing coordination , that tend to fall back or forward into the harness unit . Perhaps ` Baby Einstein ' can include some kind of foam insert that props thinner babies up better . Many smaller babies simply do n't fit that well into the harness , and they DO tend to tumble forward or backwards , with the potential to get hurt -LRB- whiplash -RRB- . That said , I still highly recommend this product .
 We purchased this for our son when he was four months old , and with a little support for his head , he did well . He was completely interested in all of the activities there are and he enjoyed being upright . This also was a big help because he suffered from reflux and needed to be kept upright after feedings . This is our third child and we 've seen all the other exersaucers out there . This one is nicer and the activities are educational . My older kids got a kick out of the different languages the toys talks in -LRB- it says the animals ' names in different languages -RRB- . It 's overall a really nice investment for your little one and well worth the money . Helps build upper body strength .
 at first i was against activity centers , as most people use as a babysitter . but my child loved it , before she could even sit up . she is 14 months old now , and still loves to play with it , so im having a hard time getting rid of it .
 I bought this for my son in 2004 and am using it for my daughter now !! They both loved it and my son still loves it . They have a great time playing together pressing the buttons . He loves showing her how things work on it !!
 We got this for our daughter when she was five months old and she was a little too short at first , but we just put a folded up blanket under her feet . Just a month later it 's a perfect fit with no help . She loves all the different toys on this , except for the dragon puppet , which I do n't really care for either . Overall , this is a wonderful entertainer . She really enjoys being in it .
 I bought the AM411T version of this product , which has 1280x1024 photo resolution . However , everything I say below applies to this microscope too.This really is the digital microscope many of us have been waiting for . It connects to a USB 2.0 port and pipes the images to your PC screen , allowing you to capture video and still-photographs of your subject . It 's hand-held , which makes it versatile . The practical usable range is between 50 and 200 times magnification , which is good for general purposes.You can put it against any surface that you can get into focal distance -LRB- which can be tricky without a proper stand -RRB- . Focal distance is within ~ 1 '' at the highest magnification . You can look at skin , eyes , hair , dust , coins , photos , lithographs , circuit boards , wood , paper , plastic , metal , dust , lint , insects , etc. . Anything you can think of . The world that opens up to you at this scale is really amazing . It causes you to look at things in a whole new way.You can also attach it to a stand , which can be bought separately . This allows you to steady the camera for really sharp still-photo captures , and zoom in tight on very small subjects . You can also use this camera as a basic webcam , though you do have to adjust the focus -LRB- magnification ? -RRB- , as it does not auto-focus . The software that comes with it for adjusting settings and capturing images is surprisingly good . It also has a rim of LEDs around the objective lens , illuminating your subject if the ambient light is insufficient.For people who want to look at cells and things really at a super-microscopic scale -LRB- basically at 500-1000x resolution -RRB- , this is not quite capable of doing that , of being used in scientific purposes . This is really a more general-purpose microscope . As that , it 's pretty fantastic .
 I bought this about two weeks ago for work and it has quickly become an invaluable tool . We use it to inspect parts that customers send to us for inspection , looking for cracks and other types of defects . We manufacture our own equipment and our engineering department has used it to look at circuit boards , it is a real time saver . With the software we are able to take pictures and video to show our customers what we found and share it real time over web meetings.The software is simple to set up and use . The measurement fucntion is very useful and it even comes with a calibration scale . I bought the flexible standDino-Lite Digital Microscope Standso that we could use it to inspect large parts for defects -LRB- think mini-basketball size -RRB- . I am sure we will find many more uses with this as time goes on .
 We use a Dino-Lite at work with measurement capability -LRB- this same model -RRB- . I just bought this one for home , and already have several uses for it in diagnosing mechanical failures , machining defects , and just like I use it for at work , measuring dimensions , angles , etc. . I 'm sure it will be fun for looking at bugs , etc. , too , but I primarily plan to use it for detailed mechanical inspection , and it is perfect to be able to take pictures and e-mail them to friends or clients.With the manual focus it is a bit tough to get repeatability without a well planned setup , but it is easy enough to do with some effort . My first setup resulted in a .001 '' repeatability but took a little bit of effort to get right.The onboard LEDs are great for almost all conditions , and if you set up the image well by providing some contrast -LRB- fingers holding a part work well -RRB- , you can get very clear images.Additionally , it is easy to make pictures , but mor importantly , a video to show defects as you rotate the part and get lighting on different areas that are difficult or impossible to understand with a few pictures.So , in summary , I bought one of these because I use one at work , and bought my dad one , as well . Highly recommended !
 Received this very quickly , and with no defects or issues . It is priced very well for the quality of the product , and the way it is made feels more permanent , durable , and less ` cartoonish ' than most stuffed animals . I was more than satisfied .
 i got this stuffed animal for my nursery as it goes with the safari theme . i would n't consider it much of a toy you play with but maybe something a child of 4-5 could tote around , or you just use as a decorative stuffed animal for a kids room . the only downfall is that it does shed a lot , but you can tell from the image that it has long strands , so it was n't too much of a surprise . very cute , : x
 I wish Barbie came out with this when I was a little girl . You can really use your imagination with this toy . I think it is fun and magical and my 4 year old just loves it !!!
 This set is really spectacular ! Finally something truly different , and they have put so much magical fun into this pretty playset . It is one of my 6-yr-olds favorite gifts this year , and you really get a lot of play value for 30 bucks ! The set is gorgeous , and the plastic is heavy not cheap flimsy stuff . For added value , the Polly Pockets play nicely in this set , too!Like all Barbie items , it takes a LONG time to get it out of the box -LRB- have wire cutters , scissors , and patience handy ! -RRB- Once it is out , assembly is pretty simple -LRB- a few easily placed stickers and a few pieces to snap on -RRB- . It is worth the effort , there is so much to do with this set ! Be careful with the ` flying ' aspect though , we found that the little fairie and pixie dolls will fly right off unless you have a full-size Barbie flying along to slow down the spin ! That is really the only negative we have found . I ca n't see much ` educational ' value , like most Barbie items , unless you count the use of imagination ! But Barbie is n't intended to be an educational toy . -LRB- Had to rate that aspect anyway , so gave a 3 . -RRB- I also HIGHLY recommend the Petal Fairies sets to go with this -- the flower seats are very well made and so beautiful ! -LRB- The Polly Pockets also fit perfectly in those . My daughter uses her Mermaid Polly in a flower seat all of the time . -RRB- The Wonder Fairies -LRB- full-sized Barbies -RRB- are also gorgeous , with rooted eyelashes and pretty wings that flutter ! My daughter thinks they are the prettiest of all of the Barbies . You can remove the wings and use them as regular Barbies , too.We are really looking forward to seeing the DVD when it releases this spring ! We recommend this entire Fairytopia toy line !
 My daughter is a barbie enthusiest ! There is n't much she does n't have in the fantasy line of barbie 's . But I do have this to say to the other poor reviews ... You must be kidding ! My 5 and 6 year olds LOVE this toy !!! They play with it very often and have had it ever since the day it hit the market . As a parent , if you read the instructions , and follow them -LRB- they are extremely simple ! -RRB- they explain how everything works . Plus with a little common sense you can figure it out easily . Unless you have a child that is unbelieably hard on toys and breaks every thing ... then your child will be getting a GREAT Barbie toy . There are a few small parts . I do highly recommend this toy ! It is wonderful and ours is in perfect shape ... same as the day we bought it . It is played with quite often .
 Santa brought this to my 4 year old daughter and she loves it ! She does not have any problems with it . She is able to place the fairies on the flying devise without any problems . She has played with this thing constantly since she has received it !
 I love this toy ! It reminds me of the old little polly pockets -LRB- Not the big pollys the little ones mind you . -RRB- I love the fairy theme and the little dolls . I hatethe fact that to get others of the little faeires you must buy the big barbie doll sized faeries . Still its a great toy .
 It is rated for ages 3 and up but I would ' t get it for anyone under 6 because there are a lot of small pieces . It is also a major pain to put together . Once it 's set up however , it is quite pretty and there are lots of activities to do with your faeries .
 My daughter loves this . The secret rooms in this are a lot of fun , and the dolls are so cute . Nice Quality !! This is a great toy for a little girl !!!! A little bit tricky to get dolls to balance in swing and spin , but not bad .
 The outfits are really pretty in this set , but if you have the flat-footed Cali Girl dolls the shoes will not fit them . You can use these outfits on Fashion Fever or My Scene dolls , they will fit them . I put them on all my dolls but if I put them with Cali Girls they have to go barefoot , otherwise they are fine . There are clothes for Blaine/Ken in here , too and those are good .
 I purchased this tape measure for our niece who is 5 years old and learning to count . She wanted to use my tape measure which has sharp metal sides and a strong spring . This was a safe alternative for her . She immediately started measuring everything in the house . It was a big hit and a great hands on learning tool . I do n't know how to rate this toy , since all my information is from our niece 's mother.Signed , very pleased Aunt
 This puzzle is a great gift for teenage boys who like to sit around the table and chat . They love talking about the sports moments and like to have something to do while they are talking . Boys talk ??? They sure do .
 I bought this puzzle for my sports lover husband and had such fun watching him do the puzzle with our three daughters . He basked in reminiscing about so many of the events and people on the puzzle with them . It was a wonderful opportunity for him to teach them so much as they picked through the details sorting the puzzle out .
 A 7 year old girl had a Hawaiian birthday so we gave this bear as a gift . She loves it and even took it to school .
 Handmade , not perfectly straight lines but it gives it character . More than any cheap-y crib board . Gives options for continuous games , etc. .
 Stringing beads is fun even for boys ! Do n't let a gender stereotype keep your son/nephew from having fun with these beads . I 'm a fan of Melissa & Doug products & this one is just as good as the others we have.These differently shaped , brightly painted beads come in a shallow crate with two long strings for making necklaces , snakes , or just watching the beads slid off the other end . I do wish they came in an enclosed storage box , but I can easily find something for that.My 2 1/2 yr old son will sit , actually sit ! , and string these over & over . He enjoys making necklaces for us & himself or just stacking the beads & exclaiming over the colors & shapes . Because there IS string involved supervision is a must.This set is n't just for fun though , you can use it to help teach colors & shapes & the child 's dexterity improves each time they play with them . Within a couple of weeks my son 's manual dexterity improved greatly , along with concentration & his ability to sit still longer than two minutes ! Also , he does n't get as frustrated with this toy as he can with others , this one is pure fun for him!I 've rated the durability of this toy as 3 because we have n't had it longer than a couple of months ... the beads do get tossed & banged & there is a little bit of paint chipped off , but so far so good .
 These beads were bought when my daughter was 1 1/2 . She has mastered threading them and enjoys making a necklace . Great toy and would recommend for learing and fun .
 Some people do n't like the mask on this particular Leatherface , and I can understand why . It 's Leatherface 's more feminine looking mask , what with the makeup and lipstick and all . But you ca n't really fault the figure for that , since it 's based on how he appeared at the end of the movie . Personally , I 'm very happy that NECA chose this , since Leatherface has been done before in his more traditional attire.The sculpting on him is good . They managed to make him look like he 's actually running , which is hard to do in an action figure . His jacket and tie flow nicely , giving a sense of motion . The hair seems a bit too neat though . There 's is some gore sculpted on his shoes , which was a nice touch.I do have a few problems with his paint application . For one thing , his eyes seem a little off . One appears to be looking in the other direction , and they do n't look too realistic . Also , they could have done away with the shiny-ness on his clothes . It makes him appear wet.His base is alright , though the grass kind of reminds me of the fake plants you put in aquariums . I guess it 's pretty hard to sculpt grass on a base though . The thing that annoyed me is that I found it impossible to get him on the base , how he 's supposed to be , without him tilting to the side . I later solved this problem by flipping him around on the base , and he fit perfectly . One of his shoes is slightly off the base , but he still looks good on it . Leatherface also comes with an armadillo -LRB- which seems a tad too small -RRB- and , of course , his trusty chainsaw . The chainsaw looks good , but is very brittle . Be extremely careful when putting it in his hands . A little more blood on it would have been welcomed , but this is probably movie accurate . The armadillo looks decent , but it would be nice if it could peg onto the base.I recommend this version of Leatherface if you 're a huge fan of the movie . Otherwise , wait for the more traditional one that NECA has coming up . It looks to be the best Leatherface yet . And if you do n't like TCM , then why are you reading this ?
 This bratz clock is retro ! and it has cool sounds ! This toy has a good value . As long as you follow the directions your ' e sure to get a hang of it !
 You luv bratz ? Well get this star alarm clock right now it 's so cool in color and it 's THE best alarm clock i 've ever seen!Purr - fect for ANY Bratz fan !! Very durable .
 Very nice quality and very easy on the eyes . Not only do my kids 7 and 4 love them we love to look at them too ! Larger in person then expected but a wonderful addition to the house . Shipped timely.Nice sepia toned letters .
 This set along with the numbers & shapes is fun to try to figure out how many words we can make with the limited number of letters available at any given time . We were a bit disappointed in the finish & the quality of the finished product -LRB- somewhat roughnot smooth as expected -RRB- . The letters were not consistently the same color as if the color was either not put on properly or rubbed off before packing . Nevertheless we are having a great time with them .
 I put the blocks on my desk in my new office . I leave messages , and others walk by and read , or leave silly messages back . I work at a University as a professor , so its fun to see how creative and silly it can be . All clean fun thus far .
 These blocks are very well made and so much fun to decorate with !!! Saw them in a secialty catalg for so much more . Buy them and enjoy !
 I rated this 4 stars for educational value because my daughter is learning how all the pieces have to go in order to close it properly and the `` dance floor '' plays Tchaikivsky 's Swan Lake . I am also letting her find all the secret hiding places that the bluebird keys unlock . She uses her imagination a lot when playing with this set . She has no Kelly dolls so the little bed is for the tiny stuffed Lila unicorn that came with the Swan Lake tea set doll -- works great . A miniature teddy bear would work too . The bed canopy falls over a lot , but can be moved out of the way when the princess takes a bath . Best of all , it closes up tight and has a handle . Takes up very little room . The big pink chairs do n't fit inside though , so they live in the box with the Barbie dolls . The `` dance floor '' thing looks kind of like a mirror with wheels , but I like that it works without the batteries . The batteries just make the Swan Lake music play .
 I checked out a few of the Barbie castles and homes , and thought for the money , this one looked cute . Many of the other ones are $ 90 and up ! I figured for a 4 y/o who recently started playing with Barbies , I 'd start out smaller and see how she likes it rather than spending so much on a huge castle or house.I 'd have to say , it was a good decision . It folds up so nicely , and provides just as much enjoyment for her . From what I can tell , the bigger sets are just that , bigger , but not much more to them and way too much money.We are into princesses here , so this is just perfect . Enough space for a few Barbies , and 2 girls -LRB- or mom and daughter -RRB- to sit and play !
 This is a very cute item ... it 's probably not as cute as the bigger castles , but if you 're short on space this is a winner . My daughters love the little hiding places , and the detailing is excellent . I like the fact that there are features included for the Kelly dolls also , like a bed that folds up into a seat for Kelly . There 's enough little accessories included to keep any little girl happy , and the `` dance floor '' is fun . You can also use the Kelly dolls on the twirling dance floor . The dining table also becomes a full-length mirror so a princess can admire her gowns . Ths only negatives we 've found so far are that the canopy for the bed does fall sometimes , but not every time , and you ca n't put all the pieces inside the castle when it 's folded . It is nice to have a castle that can fit on a shelf though , and the toy is well worth the price .
 I have never seen my daughter happier with a toy . She just turned 4 and she played in her room for hours today after we brought this home . It was all I could do to get her to go to bed . That said ... the first one we brought home was broken . The prongs holding the tub piece in place had snapped . I thought it was supposed to be separate , but figured it out eventually . We packed it up and went to exchange it for # 2 . Well , the tub works great , but the front door wo n't stay closed . I just kept it anyway because my daughter was so delighted . Still , I wish they could just make a toy that does n't break before it is even played with . It 's a great concept , though , and I would definitely buy it again .
 I bought this smaller castle for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas after looking at the $ 100 castle . I am glad I did not spend the money on the large one . This is the perfect size to tote around from room to room and fits neatly on a shelf or corner . My daughter played with it for about 2 hrs straight one night before bedtime . She makes up a whole story with her barbies and other dolls can join in too.The down side of the castle is that the chairs do n't fit inside and in true barbie fashion there are a bunch of very tiny pieces that can get lost easily . We have been keeping these tiny things in a zip lock along with the chairs in one of her barbie boxes . Overall , this is a cool toy . I am enjoying the fact that she 's at an age where it does n't take very expensive toys to entertain her .
 we got this toy a while back and it shocked me that i only bought it for $ 5.29 . i wish i bought a lot more to give as gifts . this toy has a lot accessories to play with and i like the fact that most of the big furniture are bolted in with the castle . to add more , the furnitures double as something extra so you 're using something all the time . if my daughter can have her way , i think she 'll play with this every day -LRB- but i sometimes put it up as a deco on her window ... it 's so cute -RRB- .
 The great thing about these cards is that you use them to play games that kids already understand , so their educational value is n't compromised by having to learn complicated new rules as well . There are six artists included , with six paintings each , and each card has the names of the other works of art in the artist 's collection as well as the number that has been assigned to that particular artist , making it easy to play no matter what the age , because if the child ca n't remember the artists ' names , they can play by asking ` do you have a number six ? ' , and play memory with them the same way . After playing only a few times , my daughter has started to remember the names of the artists , and what the paintings look like . I was surprised and pleased at how quickly and easily she learned ! I love products that provide learning without it being shoved down everyone 's throats . Also in the box is a great book that has short , simple blurbs on each painting and painter , with lots of pictures . This is a much better way to play than using dumbed-down cards with silly little cartoons on them all the time . If we treat kids like they 're smart , they will rise to the challenge .
 I am so pleased to see that people are offering such appetizing faire for art appreciation ! These card sets -LRB- there are two others
 It did n't get here when it said . It got here sooner so I was very happy ! I got it for my boyfriends birthday , and he loved it : -RRB-
 This is a frickin sweet action figure . Its high quality . Talks clearly , with the sound clips from the actual movie .
 I agree with the other reviews that the stable is fairly poorly made . However , I got some superglue and glued along the seams of the stable parts that are supposed to stay together permanently . We have n't had a problem with it since ! Honey Pie Pony is adorable , and the set comes with lots of little pieces to groom her mane and tail . The stable will hold around four horses , if you happen to own more than Honey Pie .
 I did n't have the problems everybody else did . My kids Love this and use it for a lot of their my little ponies , too . They prefer it closed , though , so maybe that is why it is n't falling apart . We have had a great time playing with it ! I love the pony , she is adorable .
 This is a very cute toy ! It does have many small pieces and sometimes the floor gets disconnected . I like how it folds up and you can store your fillies in it . I only paid $ 5.29 for it so I feel like it is a very nice toy for my 3 year old daughter who loves Strawberry Shortcake . It also comes with Honey Pie Pony ! -LRB- $ 8.99 if purchased seperately -RRB-
 This toy could have been made out of duct tape and my daughter would have still loved it . She is quite infatuated with Strawberry Shortcake and her Fillies and was so excited to get another Honey Pie and tons of accessories . True , the stable is flimsy and pops apart easily , but my daughter is 4 and manages well with it on a table . At night I always have to reassemble the walls and gates so that her fillies can sleep inside the stable . -LRB- A super glue project may be in our future . -RRB-
 My five year old daughter and her friends love this stable . It comes with one strawberry shortcake pony . My daughter puts all her ponies in it at night for them to sleep . I do daycare and it is used every day . An adult must assemble the small pieces . Not recommended for homes with babies .
 We bought this for my daughter 's third birthday . Lots of small pieces that can easily be lost or swallowed - requires supervision . Needs more storage for the small pieces . Folds up for storage . My daugther loves it and can use all the small hair accessories better than I thought . Overall , we are happy with the purchase .
 My two little girls , 5 & 3 , love their Filly Grooming Salon Stable Playset with Honey Pie Pony . They even let there My Little Ponies play in it too . I found it very easy to put together and unlike the other entries I have no problem opening and closing it . If your kids love horses like mine do , this is the perfect toy . It comes with all kinds of cute grooming tools .
 This stable is just too cute . Your little girl will love styling her pony 's hair over and over again . The accessories are adorable and Honey Pie is really pretty . A must have for any Strawberry Shortcake , or My Little Pony fan .
 This is the cutest and coolest toy i have ever seen ! I am 12 years old and love SSC toys ... It is also educational cause it teaches kids to style hair at an early age , in a smaller form !! I love it and i think it would make a totally great Christmas gift ! I am also not embarrassed to ask for it ... It 's NOT babyish !! Love it !! Though , i think more ponies should be made ... I have Milkshake and Orange twist ! Milkshake rox!Thanx for reading !
 This is a great toy and i think it is educational because it teaches children to style hair at an early age , in a smaller form ! It 's a great toy for everyone who loves color and also horses so yep i love it !! I am 12 years old!Thanx for reading !
 MOY ARESE H LEPTOMEREIA KAI H POLY KALH STOIBAROTHTA . JEFEYGEI APO TA SYNIUHSMENA PLASTIKA ANTIGRAFA .
 We really enjoy this product . It 's a great travel , out to eat , church type of toy . We take it with us a lot . All of the pockets around the ark are filled with two animals each , and inside are two Elephants and two Camels hiding . This is a very nice toy .
 What a wonderful , colorful , educational and fun product . My 3 year old nephew just loves it !
 i just got this toy about 3 days ago and its cool ! it tooo me about 6 hours to make because i wanted to be extra careful i took the pieces out with out leaving little marks . well letsee , it didnt come with a sticker instruction sheet , so ... i had to look at the box and try to figure out where all the stickers went . the stickers dont always fit right on the model , so i would prefer using a nailclipper to cut them into smaller shapes , then it looks neater . there were a lot of parts , so it was hard to find the pieces . i prefer to try to organize them . the finished product does 2 functions , it drops its head and does this particle beam cannon move -LRB- like in the series -RRB- and it walks . it doesnt walk too fast but thats ok ... i highyl reccomned this model for very skilled builders who have had sum zoid models b4 . i have three now , the command wolf , the liger zero -LRB- also cool -RRB- and the BERSERK FURY . i like the berserk fury the best though . well i hope u buy this cus its worth it and it looks very cool . happy building .
 Okay so I like only have liger toys . I can understand how hard it is to build some of these . The fury probaly took me the longest time of 1 hour and a half . It is the best looking zoid toy of all ! It is also quite big . It comes with two features
 This is my first model , and when I opened the box and looked at all those pieces , I thought that no way this will become that thing in the picture . It is impressive to see how the parts go together to make it work . And when its ready it looks very cool . It took me 6 hours from opening the bookled to the last tail sticker . The walking is interesting , not breathtaking . But it walks around fine . Giving it something to hold makes the walking more fun . The other move , the tail attack and the jaws , is also interesting . This is really not the perfect toy to be playing around too much , unless you 're indoors and taking eazy on it . It looks wonderful with its white armor as long it keeps white . The motorized action makes quite a lot of spinning noise . I do n't get why did n't Hasbro used a silent motor ; I think it was a terrible flaw . The level of the details is fantastic and the model looks very complex after finished . And of course , if you watch Zoids regularly , you might enjoy this model even more than me .
 Well I think it 's ok . Although I have the Tomy version , my friend has the Hasbro version , we compaired the instructions to each others and they looked almost the same . The Tomy kind has those huge things on it 's feet , that I did n't like , so I took them off . He does n't walk as good without thembut , he looks better and still walks . The only problem I had was when I finally got the legs on he refused to walk . After careful study I found out it was some plastic left on his leg . When I fixed it I had to change the battery because all the juice was run out . In all he was OK .
 This is the very first Zoid I have ever built . I do not recommend that you get this Zoid first , because it will take you around 4-7 hours if you are inexperienced.However , this Zoid is awesome . When it walks , its tail sways . That is mode # 1 . Mode # 2 makes him lower his head , unclasp his tail armor flaps , and his charged particle cannon pops right out of his mouth ! He is battery powered , but takes only 2 AAA batteries ! His slasher blades can be spun by hand , and folded back for walking mode.Berserk Fury has items that can be bought seperately over the internet . Storm Unit - CP-27 is the armor and is Japanese but it fits the American Berserk Fury as well as the Japanese one . There is also a remote controller that allows you to switch modes without touching the Zoid itself . Remote Controller - CP-16 . Same goes with the remote as the armor . I have not purchased the armor or remote controller yet but I hope to purchase it in the future.Now , the downside of it all.When he walks , he sometimes falls over . His blades do n't stay on very well . Sometimes his head gets jammed whe he is in mode # 2 . This Zoid is my very favorite !
 Dude , if you want a good zoid then you want the Beserk Fury . This zoid has many special qualities to it . One of them are its rotating blades that can be positioned . Another thing is that it is very big , and has good details . Most of all the best thing was that it takes long to build , a good challenge . I truly love zoids and a recomend them very much so . So that is the end of the stroy , Beserk Fury rules !!!
 Beserk fury is one of the best Zoids eva . This is my first zoid and it took a little patience to build but it was worth it . The cannons on it 's back are supa tight and the complete design was incredible ! It walks a little slow because of it 's size but while it 's walking the tail flaps go up and it opens it 's mouth as if it was going to use a charge partical beam . This is a good zoid if your building a team . ONE OF THE BEST !!!!!!!
 This toy is amazing ! So is it 's durability . Mine 's fallen off my shelf and kicked down the stairs ! It took me an hour to build . All in all it 's the best model kit .
 This was my first two-legged Zoid that I built , and I guess I should have tried a different one first . This Zoid was hard to build because of the charged particle gun assembly , but the effort was WORTH IT !! BF is the leader of my Shadow Blades team , which consists of Berserk Fury -LRB- leader ; occasionally a Fuzor with Buster Eagle -RRB- , Geno Breaker , and either the Blade Liger or Liger Zero -LRB- normal , Schneider , or Liger Zero Phoenix -RRB- . I 'm currently on a winning streak . Anyway , back to the Berserk Fury.The leg armor on this Zoid is kinda complicated and some pieces look almost identical to each other , so pay attention to what pieces you 're sticking on the BF . The Slasher Blades on the BF are a flexible , almost rubber-like material , so they do n't break easily . The Mighty Berserk Fury is extremely durable . It accidentally got kicked once and never broke , but it did fall of my desk from a 2 ' 5 '' drop and one of the pegs on the tip of the tail broke so now it 's really loose , but it has n't broken other than that.If you can find BF , GET HIM NOW !!!
 I have built many zoids -LRB- liger zero 3 times , saber fang , dibson , shadow fox , konig wolf dark horn etc. -RRB- but this one is deffinantly my favorite of the bunch . It was also the hardest to build . like i said before i am an experienced zoid builder and this one took me 3 hours and 34 minutes -LRB- i time myself -RRB- so i dont suggest it to begginer . But if you think that you are up to the challange then go for it , it is well worth your time . It features mavable blade , walking action opening mouth to reaveal a charged paticle cannon , oppening tail panels and movable claws . the only problenm i had is a problem that exists with all zoids THEY BREAK . but as long as you are carful this is one of the best zoids out ther . cya .
 Out of all the models I ever built this is the only one Zoid that I have strugled with but still wanted to continue non stop . This toy/model makes you want to keep working tell it is complete because it gives you a sense of pride and it looks awsome !! It stands about 6 inches tall and its length is 10 inches . it looks great after you put the stickers on . Warning : the model will take time but in the end it is worth it . It is not recomended inless you have at least done around 5 models . On a scale of 1-10 on how hard it is it would get a 7 because it would take you at least 4 hours in my opinion if you paint it and chrome it . I have also built a liger zero which goes great with this . All I need to complete my zoid collection now is the shadow fox , gun sniper , and raynos.This way I would have the blitz team to showcase on my shelf . the Berserk Fury will make anyones room look good after it is complete . With any liger model kits such as the blade liger or sheild liger it would look very good with the Berserk fury .
 i got the fury and started to build it . the first step is really hard and i got really frusterated doing it but i got it to work and it turned out fine . this zoid is not for amatures , it is a hard one . I own 15 zoids and by far the fury is the hardest . I gave it a 4 on duribility because the blades sometimes fall off . this zoid has 2 modes , one were he walks and one were he does a chrged partical cannon . this zoid is really fun . it took me 3 hours to build so make sure you have time on your side . it walks ok but sometime it falls over . overall i think this is the best zoid i own , get this zoid !!
 I got the american version of the Fury and this is my first zoid model ever . It was somewhat hard for me to build , but not extrmemly -LRB- maybe cause I 've build about 10 Gundam models , 3 of which were master grades so I 've had some experience -RRB- . This model looks awsome when complete and has lots of details like the feet and back jets and the cockpit that opens , reveiling the pitot . The walking is ok , tho the noise of the gears moving is fairly loud . The best thing about the model is it opens its tail vents and lowers its head and opens its mouth for the charged particle cannon . There are only two things I dislike about the model . It did n't come with a sheet telling where the stickers go , so I had to look at the pictures on the box . And ... I absolutely hate the fact that , THE BLADES ARE MADE OF RUBBER , NOT PLASTIC , WHICH MAKES THEM PRETTY FLIMSY AND THEY BEND SLIGHTLY ON MINE . Reagardless of this horrible , horrible flaw , the Berserk Fury is a worthwhile model to buy . I cant wait until the Genosauer and Genobreaker models are released in America .
 The Beserk fury is not meant to be built by a beginner to the world of Zoids . I have about 12 zoids and this one was one of the hardest to build . Could just be my fat fingers but there seem to be a lot of tiny parts that all seem to come together within a single step that , in my opinion , should have become at least 4 seperate steps . But please do not let that discourage you . Once his monster is together , it is tons of fun , especially for those who enjoy playing with it . It has 2 seperate modes . Those fans of the show remember the charged partical cannon in his mouth and in the 2 top mounted `` battle blades . '' In one motorized mode , the tail flaps open and the neck lowers thus opening his mouth and setting it up for the attack . The second mode is a tails slash attack . The tail moves from side to side.Overall this is a good Zoid but I reccommend going easy on the battle blades . My Fury 's blades seem to fall off when I put a lot of pressure on them . Kids , make sure you have you mom , dad or nice big brother help if this is your first Zoid . One good Zoid .
 I actually got the Tomy modle , but it 's the same thing . This has got to be one of the kewlest Zoids kits available . It took me 6 hours to put together , there are so many small and movable parts , but once you are finished it is such an awsome Zoid to look at . The detail is just great , and even the legs have many moving parts so that it bends accuratly . And the second setting , the head goes down as the mouth opens with the charged particle cannon popping out , and the exhaust flaps on the tail open up . This is one great Zoid .
 The b fury is an awsome zoids and 1 of the ultimate x zoids.it took me an hour and a half to build the this zoid.i would say its worth the dough it is so kool.and has an interchangble armor like the liger 0 -LRB- which i have -RRB- . all in all it is a good zoid to buy if u are a serios collecter u got ta get this zoid and the 2nd best zoid the geno-breaker both of which are capable of firing charged particle cannons really tight
 Berserk Fury is by far the best zoids there is to put together.He walks , tail armor opens and closes , mouth opens , arms move , and ajustable battle blades . Ready fight !
 I think that this is the best zoid model ever . Even though i like the Liger Zero better i still think model wise that the Berserk Fury is the man . `` Do your thing Berserk Fury '' - Vega Obscura
 An excellent Zoid model , but not recommended for novice model builders . Try builing at least the Shield Liger or Dibison before tackling this beast.This particular Zoid took me three hours to build , quite difficult as the white armour parts are fragile , especially the faceguard areas . As usual , use some sort of nail clipper or modelling tool to trim off excess from the spue and a nail filer to sand down the remaining bits -LRB- if any -RRB- . One of the most difficult places to construct is the neck-mouth structure , right at the start , but if you do that with relative ease , there should n't be any problems from there.It is recommended that you trim the excess off the labels so they actually fit , and they look better for it . ` The 8 years and up ' is extremely optimistic , so I would n't recommend getting this for any child under 10 years unless parents want to spend christmas morning fiddling with tiny similar-looking parts while their kid keeps asking if the model is finished .
 I purchased the Fury a few days ago . although it was my 14th zoidI had a little trouble with its head . I enjoyed assembling thismodel because it wasnt as easy as my others . i would suggest thiszoid for experienced builders . it might have been hard but it ismy favorite zoid yet . whats cool about it is that it has a charged particle cannon and poseable battle blades .
 The berserk fury has two modes -LRB- 1 -RRB- it walks and moves its arms -LRB- 2 -RRB- it gets ready to fire its charged partical cannon I advise this be your first zoid -LRB- but get Mum or Dad to help even when youare in college -RRB- also if you live in Tasmania and you live in the town Riverside and you want to join a zoid team please e-mail meat ligerzero@hotkey.net.au I hope this was of help to you -LRB- by the way I do n't have a berserk fury yet but I will be geting itvery soon -RRB- and for any one who going to join the bluster team -LRB- thats my teams name -RRB- these are our zoids redler deluxerev raptor basic and a saicurtis basic and these are the zoids we will soon be geting a gun sniper basic a helcat basicshadow fox deluxe araynos and storm sworder deluxe a liger zero-super a blade liger super a geno-saurer ultra a dark horn ultraand a berserk fury supreme thank you for reading all this andgood -- bye .
 This is the Mighty Bersurk Fury ! ! ! In the show the bersurk fury is one of the most powerful zoids , but the model is alot different.Well if you like to stare at zoids and not play with them I recemoend this zoid to you . But if you like to play with them its not the best . This zoid is a clumsy walker and tips over with the CpC on it . -LRB- the blades -RRB- but this zoid is strong i had an incedent where this zoid was well ... was Kicked and it ... well i thought i spent all my money and it broke . But even though i had to reassemble the legs tail and etc it still worked . I also have dropped it before only 1 1/2 ft on carpet -LRB- accidentaly -RRB- and it survived . so this zoid looks awsome ! But doesnt walk fast or right . Oh also it is compatible with the controller and it has a second movment its tail flaps open and opens its mouth with a flip of a switch . The tail flaps opening is cool . So it looks cool but cant walk . -LRB- the 3rd time i said that -RRB-
 after a few hours of work I finished it with a few extra pieces and by the look of my finished creation I relized those pieces were pretty vital . now that i 'm done however this toy kicks BIG toy behind . if your pationent you 'll have a great toy . otherwise do n't bother . anyway its got two cickles , two jetpacks , and press the swicth down and he 'll do his famous attack -LRB- if you watch tv -RRB- but press the button up and it walks -LRB- not well -RRB- . I thing it could 've said on the box EXTREME ESSEBLY REQUIRED . I hate it when they make it so hard . I hope I did n't waste your time with this pathetic review . PS : make sure someone says the will make it for you , poor guy .
 My mom read the reviews on this first , and I am glad because there were some tricky parts . The head area was sometimes hard because it seemed like 2 hands were not enough to hold all the pieces in place . It has two modes and is awesome when finished . But we had a lot of trouble with the legs moving the right way , and we took them off and rebuilt them several times . Still do n't know quite what was wrong . Warning
 The Berserk furyis so cool.I got it for my B-day and built it in two hours.I would say you should get this only if you know how to build zoids.It Has a lot of parts but no glue or paintneeded , just an imagination.Its my second faviort out of 14 zoids model kits I have.If your child likes chalenging zoids or has dad build them , I 'd recomend this tite Zoid .
 Out of all the zoids I have -LRB- thirty or so -RRB- the Berzerk fury is my second favorite -LRB- next to Geno breaker -RRB- I like it 's size , complexityand the fact that it 's an ultimate X zoid.It has an excellent color scheme.Pale lavender armor and silver teeth , claws , and blades over a dark gray and black body.The only gripe I have the that the blades are rubber and not plastic but I guess hasbro did the to keep the blades from breaking.Overall a great zoid model that no collection should be without.But I do n't recomend it if you are an amatuar at model construction because some parts are very easy to break
 this zoid is increadible . I think it is cool . It has two modes . waking mode and charged particle cannon assult mode . It is tight compared to my liger zero , elefander , zaber fang , and gun sniper . this is the best zoid you can get . My mom got it for me . It took me 3 1/2 hours to build . this zoid is definetly an ultimate x.
 Though its eyes does n't light-up like the Geno-Breaker or roar like Liger 0 -LRB- uncertain on both info . -RRB- its still the best zoid . You would be busy for quite a while building it , but your effort is worth it especially with it Charge Particle motion , but its walking is kind of pathetic since its difficult to balance and it moves kind of slow than what I expected.Side info : The only reason fury lost was because it did n't have much battle as liger 0 not giving the expierence to reach its unlimited potential
 i really like the fury because it does really good with close and long range combat . I think combining a sheild liger a liger 0and the fury would be a indistructible team . the liger and fury are ultimate x and great in combat . As for the sheild liger most of my friends have zaber fangs in there teams and sheild ligers do well against zaber fangs . Anyway the fury is the best zoid you can get he has 2 modes one for walking and one for the cpc . I love this zoid its the best zoid there is thats all i can say .
 I bought this one . It 's blades on it 's back can move if you turn the nobs and it can do a charged particle beam . If you press the button that says `` 2 '' it 's head goes down and the armor on it 's tail stick out for it to shoot a charged particle beam . The only thing I do n't like is that it has those huge things under it 's feet . I have the Japanese version so I 'm not sure if this is also with the american version but on the japanese one it has this little control that goes on the little guys lap that can go up and down . when it walks it 's claws go up and down and it 's tail move side to side not on purpose . it 's claws on it 's back can open all the way . the only thing i do n't like is that if you put it under a shadow it turns kinda pinkish . This zoid is a MUST HAVE ZOID .
 it 's so cool it has boosters on the legs a TRIPLE CHARGED PARTICLE CANNON , SHIELD , and laser its a awsome zoids it also is moterized not wind up .
 The Fury is the best zoid ever . People say that he is a created for the Genosaur and Genobrecker and there right . Every one says that he only has the storm unit as a conversion part there wrong . He has the storm , T and x or something like that the other two are in the game for gameboy advanced in japan.The storm unit fits on the Fury in america . Also the liger zero 's conversion parts fit on the one in america . I know I have them . Also another great zoid to have is the liger zero X. Really really cool . the down fall is that you have to get it in japan . If there was a battle between the Fury and X . There equally matched . Try to get all the zoids in america and in japan and keep the boxes and every thing thats not a bag . You can sell them in 15 years and you 'll have a good chunk of money in your hand
 The Bersurk Fury model kit was the first model kit I finshed.It was challenging , but thats what made it fun !
 this toy is sweet . i got it for christmas , it was my fourth zoid and its my favourite . it looks really cool , it walks ok and does the charge particle beam really well . the only problem is that the blades are made of rubber not plastic , but thats ok because it wont snap . i dont recomend this zoid as a first coz its really fiddly , i started with a dark horn then a zaber fang to a blade liger then b.f. i gave it 5 for fun coz its fun to get together and then you get to play with it . 5 for edu coz it is a complecated zoid to build , so it teaches kids to read . and 4 for durable because some of the parts on the back pack come of easily.oh and dont try to make it swim . . it doesnt float very well.but all in all a fantastic zoid for any collection , a must have
 This is the most powerful of all zoids there ever was , except for the genobreaker . The color scheme is amazing except the white plays a trick on your eye making it seem like there is a shade of purple in it . In the following I will tell you about the 3 stars.FUN
 well bf is a good buy and gb -LRB- genobreaker -RRB- is a better buy which you can buy at imageanime which i said on the other reveiw but i got gb and it took me less than bf -LRB- bersurkfury -RRB- and bf is still my fav but u should get gb like that 11year old girl that wrote her whole review in caps but i don t think she got the bf or she would think tiwce on it -LRB- no a fence -RRB- but bf is tight and gb has glowing eyes , spinning fans , and comes with a raven -LRB- sitting -RRB- and one standing with shadow but get both and bfs bersuk storm 4 only 30.00 -LRB- about -RRB- with tax also at imageanime
 The Burserk fury is the coolest zoids ever in my openion . It has 2 buster claws `` SWEET '' , it has a charged particle gun , motor option # 2 , motor option # 1 he walks . The cockpit is somwhat similar to the command wolf 's . It has 173 parts kinda hard , the charged particle extends and ... he 's a very cool zoid !!!
 This is a really powerful zoid.It 's triple blades alow it to cut through manley anything.It is an ultimate x zoid .
 Type
 Alright , this is one of the best zoids I own . Excluded only by my gungyrados -LRB- this zoid is old , took forever to find but was WORTH IT -RRB- and giga gojulas . Some info for people who do n't watch zoids regularly enough . It has a charged particle cannon . How do I know?a . The stick like object in its mouthb . The metal `` foot locks '' on the back of the feetand c . The # 2 action . it opens the steam vents on the neck and tail.I love the way this thing walks ! the tail twitches ! Even though it is n't motorized . But my BF is the special edition metallic . Here 's how my collecttion would be ranked .1 . Gungyrados2 . Gigagojulas3 . Beserk furer Metallic edition4 . Genosaurer5 . Ultrasaurus5a . Black/silver custom Konig wolf6 . Redler7 . -LRB- Custom -RRB- Genoraptor -LRB- composed of rev raptor and gun sniper -RRB- 8 . Blade liger -LRB- blue -RRB- 9 . Shield liger -LRB- gold paint -RRB- 10 . Irvine 's command wolf11 . Custom red/gold paint command wolf12 . HeldigunnerBut if you have n't even built a sheild liger , I suggest you do n't buy this zoid yet . Why ? I 'm really expirienced in the realm of zoid building , and this zoid took me 5 hours to complete . But why the ultrasaurus is ranked sooo high is the anime . Kind of a majestic additon . But if you want a incredably hard zoid , Which looks just plain VISCIOUS when assembled , Get this beserk fury ! Heck , If you want an american Tyrannosaurus type GET IT !
 173 . That 's how many parts Berserk Fury has , on 21 frames , making him the most complicated Zoid made . He also comes with 18 caps -LRB- although you only use 12 -RRB- , 8 bearings , a joint peice , 2 head parts , 2 neck parts , 2 body parts , 2 clear parts for the eyes , a battery box -LRB- Only Berserk Fury , Lightning Saix , and Death Stinger have one -RRB- , a power unit , and of course , a sticker sheet.Don ' t be too alarmed with the first step , and it 's ` Assemble steps 1 through 8 in order ' , as it 's pretty much the hardest step . Anyway , first you build the neck and attach it to the power unit , along with all the parts to move the neck , head , and flaps . Then you build the head , then the main body , which is pretty simple . After that comes the tail , which has some small parts . After attaching the tail , you build both arms -LRB- which are small and pretty simple -RRB- , and both legs -LRB- which are fairly complicated -RRB- . Then you attach the arms and legs , then build it 's weapons and what appear to be thrusters , attach them to the battery box , and you 're pretty much done.In terms of features , Berserk Fury has two modes . Mode one makes him walk and move his arms , while mode two makes him stop , lower his head , open his mouth and stick out his charged particle gun , straighten his tail , and open all 6 tail vents , and his 2 neck vents , before he closes them again.You can also manually lower his feet clamps , open his leg thrusters , open his upper thrusters , and position his blades almost anywhere . You can also remove his foot pads if you just want to display him , as he ca n't walk without them.Onto the bad things about Berserk Fury . Well , his original name was Berserk Fuhrer , and there were several stickers with that name on it . So , the stickers a bit different , although you can see the original stickers on his box picture . Also on the box , his neck flaps are assembled wrong , and the wrong speed is listed , it should be 340 , not 390 . Also , his jaws do n't open and close while he walks , but with everything else he does , that 's pretty minor.Also , if you watched him on the anime , you should know that the show Berserk Fury is a bit different from the model Berserk Fury . First , the Berserk Fury on TV has white armor , the model one has very light lavender -LRB- Do n't worry , it does n't look bad -RRB- . Also , Berserk Fury the model has no red caps on his tail , and without his armor , he is n't as complete as on the show , mainly with the head.Almost forgot about durability . Well , Berserk Fury was my first Zoid to fall , about 2 feet . He survived quite well , with only his backpack comming off , and I think his weapons . Still , I highly advise not putting your Berserk Fury in a position where it could fall , as that 's a heck of a lot of things to break , and alot of small parts.All in all , Berserk Fury is a very good Zoid to own .
 Ah , the Fury , piloted By Vega -LRB- Do n't Know his last name -RRB- . It was able to beat Jamie a.k.a Wild Eagle 's Raynos and Leena 's Gunsniper with no effort whatsoever . it even tore the Mighty Shadow Fox 's leg clear off it 's body ! However , it did n't prove a challenge against Bit Cloud and the Awesome Liger Zero . Yeah it got through the `` High-speed '' Jager and the `` unbeatable '' Shnieder but Panzer And Zero torched it . -LRB- That 's just it 's story ... -RRB- Now for the toy review!This toy is dead fun , it helps you with coordination and well , it is a little durable , but if I were you , I would n't take any risks ... The Fury is an awesome Zoid it Walks -LRB- a bit slow -RRB- and can open its charged particle gun by itself.it requires 2 AAA batteries and like liger zero , it has a C.A.S. mode , the `` Storm Unit '' -LRB- Never Shown on the show -RRB- to find it , Go to Toy Wiz.com for a good selction or Gundam Store and More for the Lowest Prices.Despite it 's pricy appearance , it 's worth it . The Fury is a must have for any collection . What are you waiting for ? GET IT !!!!!!
 Berserk Fury : Ez-049 Berserk FuryHt :12.3 -LRB- scaled 7inch -RRB- Wt :127 t -LRB- scaled ?? -RRB- Lt :22.7 m -LRB- scaled 1ft -RRB- Function : High speed heavy assaultOn the Side of the Guylos EmpireThe Berserk Fury is my personel favorite.It is a difficult model to build so I would not recomend it to new modelers . It took me 2 and a half hours to build this model . It is a little harder to build than the Elephander or Geno Breaker -LRB- both which I have -RRB- . The Berserk Fury has some pretty cool features . . A. two modes of motorization .1 . Regular walking
 This was the most chalenging zoid for me to build . It might take you a long time to finish it but it is still a lot of fun to build and after it is finished . You will lose your mind when you ca n't get the bottom jaw part to stay together -LRB- I know I did -RRB- . Here 's a tip ; if you are new at building zoids , do n't get this first thing . Start with the small zoids , aka , the basics -LRB- like the gun sniper , revraptor ... -RRB- ten move to the medium , then to the larger . All in all , this is a great zoid . I hope this revew helped you .
 I have the Tomy version -LRB- that is , it came from Japan -RRB- and it 's my favorite Zoid model -LRB- It 's my second favorite from the anime , second only to the Rev Raptor -RRB- . It has more parts than any of the 23 other Zoids I have assembled , and took almost two hours to build . It was worth it , though . It has two mobilization modes , and a lot of movable parts , including those awesome blades on its back , which can be posed almost any way you want . It 's durable , too ; mine took a nosedive off of my TV , and all that happened was that a few parts came off -LRB- They did n't break , they just came apart -RRB- , but no major damage occured and the Fury still works . This is an excellent Zoid model , one of my favorites . It 's also one of the three that can use the remote control customize kit -LRB- The other two are the Death Stinger and Lightning Saix , which I also have . -RRB- This Zoid might be too complicated or frustrating for some , but the results are impressive .
 The Berserk Fury -LRB- Berserk Fuher in Japan -RRB- , the most powerful Zoid on the Backdraft Group , even more powerful than the Elephander , or the Neo War Shark . With its charged particle cannons , it could quite possibly destroy all of Zi if it decided to live up to its name.Okay that 's it for the show information , on to the model itself . The Berserk Fury is definitely one very interesting model kit . It 's complex , but not very difficult once you figure out how to put it together . It only took me about two hours to put it together.Like the Lightning Saix , the Berserk Fury has a motor , and a removable battery box , giving it sort of a slim look . And like the Liger Zero , you can remove its armor , stripping it down to the bare frame.However , unlike its anime counterpart , the Berserk Fury does n't have a cockpit cover with its stripped down , giving the pilot no protection at all.When I first got the Berserk Fury , I noticed something very interesting , its power pack can be switched , with that of the Lightning Saix.With the Saix , the ' 1 ' option makes it walk normally , and the ' 2 ' option makes it go at its high speed , despite to position of the tail.With the Fury , the Saix 's battery pack will make it go right to CPC mode . But when you switch the packs back , if one of the Zoids does n't work , just slap the underside a couple of times while its on and it 'll get going again.All in all , this is a very cool model .
 The beserk fury a.k.a beserk ferther IS THE BEST.We ` re talking class a zoid.I do n`t think beginer ` s should get this zoid.You should get a speed zoid like lightning saix.A offensive zoid -LRB- fighting zoid -RRB- like liger zero.At least have 4 zoids before you make a team.AT first you might get frustrated -LRB- I did -RRB- put you still can make it to class s.By the way the war shark is n`t the only water zoid there ` s the barigatorwater windup by hasbro .
 This toy is so BORING!I hate it!JUST KIDDING!This toy rocks.If you wan na ' buy a Zoids Supreme Model kit I highly recomend this one.This toy takes very long to make , but it is not stressfull to make it.Making this toy is the best part!When you finish making the toy it walks and it can do the charge particle beam!I just love when it does the charged particle beam.It is so cool!Be very carfull when making this toy.This toy is very well constructed but even this toy can be broken.BE CAREFUL !! I hope my review was helpful.Please click `` yes '' if it was.THANK YOU !
 Good toy . I bought it for my son . It took us around 2 hours to put it together . Right after we had it together his little brother knocked it off the table and it broke into alot of small pieces . Nothing was broken , and it was back together in a few minutes . For some reason this one did n't come with decal sheet . Do n't know why . I gave it 5 stars for education because of how hard it was to put together .
 This zoid is great . I have been building zoids for a year now and I 've decided to make a zoids model kits game with teams such as on zoids
 Hey this might have been my first zoid but it 's awesome . If you are not the kind that is patient do n't get this zoid , but it is realy cool otherwise . I 'm warning you it ; s cool but takes alot of time .
 what I 'm saying is you have to buy this toy . If you like model kits that are big and complicated , buy this . aside from that , its awesome in interaction . With the required AAA batteries , you can do the first function
 the berserk fury is way cool.this my first zoid and iwas able to put together in 5 hours.the instructions were easy to follow.this zoid is sooo cool .
 Hey whats up u zoids fan this zoid is one of the bset zoids yet i like it because it can motorize for the charge particle cannonthe only problem is that the blades are rubber but they dont snap of I puded a small gun on the top of the head and 3 2mm guns on the bottom of the zoid and a 9mm and a missel holder ontop of that i puded the 9mm and the missel holder on top of the back pack it looks 3 times more powerful . the top of the head would never stay close . In conclusion I hoped that this review help u in some way
 All right so I have had almost every single liger zoids model . I understand how hard it is to make some of them . But this is the most complex zoid I have ever built ! It is quite big for zoid toy too . It looks awsome ! It has two motorized features
 Okay this toy is for advanced zoid builders only it is so hard to build ya its fun but only if you can put it together.I lovethe charged particled guns and I love the whie armor.This zoidis so much bigger than the deluxe zoids.I gave it 5 stars in funbecuase it is a really fun toy .
 large . long . fun . two triple blades . two jet booster . fomous tail thing . teeth . toes . this toy is perfect , only ... some essembly required . funny how they say some . find a poor guy to build it for you . buy . wait for the guy to build it . presto perfect toyo .
 I got this zoid for Christmas my dad had to help me on the head it took about 5 hours to build.This zoid is complicated.When puting the armor on the legs and arms be careful not to confused they look the same to bad you cant get the geno breaker or geno saurer in the USA .
 When I got the Berserk Fury I was so excited.The toughest part had to be the tail and head , because of the Charged Particle Cannon.It was hard because when the armor went up they were attached to little part , and keeping them straight to fit was HECK.Although tough , it was fun.Also the legs kept messing up and the blades keep falling off.With the Dark Spiner they cause mass destruction as the Eisen Dragons.Oh yeah , the Dark Spiner has two double barrel machine guns , his spines , that when he uses can make a zoids Command System freeze or make the enemy zoid go against his own side.And last but not least two sniper type guns.He is now sold in an american model kit and he can attach with the Killerdome , but I have n't found the Killerdome .
 When I got the Berserk Fury I was so excited.The toughest part had to be the tail and head , because of the Charged Particle Cannon.It was hard because when the armor went up they were attached to little part , and keeping them straight to fit was HECK.Although tough , it was fun.Also the legs kept messing up.With the Dark Spiner they cause mass destruction as the Eisen Dragons.Oh yeah , the Dark Spiner has two double barrel machine guns , his spines , that when he uses can make a zoids Command System freeze or make the enemy zoid go against his own side.And last but not least two sniper type guns.He is now sold in an american model kit and he can attach with the Killerdome , but I have n't found the Killerdome .
 The Berzerk Furer is A Fun Zoid But Does n't Beat the Liger Zero . My friend bought it and I helped him build it.Other than that it 's a great Zoid to have . Just try a deluxe or basic first .
 IM THE GIRL WITH THE NEW ZOID WITH AN ORGANOID.THE GENOBREAKER I GOT IS COOLER THAN THE BESERK FURY.ONCE YOU TURN IT ON THE LITTLE FANS ON ITS TAIL WILLCOME UP , THEN THE EYES START TO GLOW.BUT IT TOOK ME ABOUT 5HOURS AND 30 MINUTES . YOU CAN FIND THIS ZOID SOME WHERE OUT THEIR . WELL SEE YOU ON THE BATTLE FIELD .
 Not much has gotten away from this amazing machine.the berserk fury is the top of the line in the Eisen dragoon special forces squad.with its triple full repeating charged particle exelarator cannon.This zoid packs more of a punch than the True deathsaurer.Its organoid system allows it to get stronger ever time it looses . In the last episode the berserk fury hadnt lost yet but the rival liger0 lost twice . still the fury almost beat the liger . but how strong will the fury be when it awakes ?
 this zoid was very hard to biuld but well worth itit has 2 modes1 -RRB- is walking mode it walks just like a regular zoid and its tail moves2 -RRB- ion gun mode when u put it in this mode the vents on the tail open up and the head straitens and the barrel comes out of its mouthits a very cool zoid and i would recomend getting it
 This is an awesome zoid . I would recommend getting a different one if your new to zoids . One of the best parts is it has 2 modes . Also instead of having a switch sticking out of its back it has a little one in a battery box . Oh and by the way mode 1 is walking and 2 charged particle gun .
 I gave this one 4 stars for durability because the American realease version has flimsy blades that are like rubber . That 's a REALLY dissapointing part . It took me 4 1/2 hours to do this one . It 's much harder than the zero and the frames go all the way up to the letter u ! plus a lot of other parts that are n't on frames add to the total number of parts . This is my favorite model because it is so posable and it 's one of the biggest , plus it 's an American release that the plastic is actually sturdy in most places , except the blades of course -LRB- which are the most intriguing part of the Zoid , * cough * Hasbro * cough * -RRB-
 berserk fuhrer is a really cool zoid , but pretty complex to build . i would reccomend it for skilled buiders . the best part of it is the there are two switches , one to open the tail vents and the mouth for the charged particle gun , and anouther to walk , it 's my second favorite next to geno breaker , and third is liger zero.All in all it 's a really good zoid to have .
 The Berserk Fury is a VERY hard Zoid to put together . Only try to if you have put together numerous Zoids of ALL classes . For those of you who have watched Zoids New Century Zero , this Zoid is THE GREATEST ZOID AVAILABLE . The Berserk Fury is capable of using Charged Particle Cannons . These weapons are EXTREMELY rare and have to capibility of destroying an entire planet . But since your wanting a review on the model ... Its capible of destroying Zoids with one blow . It 's a must have for collectors and warriors . Its sleek design , powerful weapons , and durable armor makes it very popular . I have yet to get a hold of this Zoid , mainly because my local ToysRUs carries few because of the fact that once they get a shipment in , kids come banging on their windows before they open and threaten to tickle the employees by their toes if they ca n't have one . Keep it safe and clean and expect it to be worth more than your old baseball card collection multiplied by 3 .
 ... This zoid wuz , and is the hardest zoid to put together . The sorted pieces start from `` A '' and ends at `` U '' ... the head is very hard to put together cuz of the charged particle canon feature that it has . It 's worth it in the end tho . it took me 2 days to build cuz i started at night . i realy want to give the durability a 3 & 1/2 cuz there are soo many pieces that keep falling off if u play with it in a battle -LRB- cuz of the little armors on it 's tail , and head -RRB- also , those tripple blades on his back snaped off when i went to extend them . -LRB- yes they are extendable , but mine just broke off -RRB- so i had to super glue it ... get this zoid if u wan na be challenged when building a model .
 it took me 4 hours to build but its worth it i think on the show it lost because the pilot did the wrong moves he should have kept its sheild up and liger would have torn itself apart on the furys sheild by the way this zoid rocks now get it its easily the best zoid ever
 Well before I start i would like to tell u that zoids are cool toys but are not just 4 playing , these materials are also models and has an educayional value . So , I had this zoid last month and u know what ? This zoid is cool and it has very cool features !! Most of all it 's appearance is outstanding and i would deffinetly recommend this toy !! So enjoy it !!
 The Berserk Fury is the best model kit ever besides the panzer unit from liger zero . The blades are poseble in every which way you can think of . But unless you glue the blades down they always pop off ... The features it has are incuded below : the flight boosters open and close . It goes into its charged particle cannon via bateries . Blades are poseble . It walks via battery . its claws move . Its foot clamps go down . And if you wish you can customize it via the STORM UNIT or the new blox zoid Night Wise B-004
 This is an awesome Zoid . It 's the best one I ever gotten . If there were a different colored zoid of the same type I would get another one and paint it the color as that one . As far as I 'm concerned this is my best zoid . Even with the Liger 0 . This review ma be short but I hope it helps .
 This item is awesome I got it two days ago and built it in one day . -LRB- This is because my friends and I are S ranked at this . -RRB- This is one of the more challeging ones . It also is a fun one after you build it . If you have the money . I say buy it because it is one of the best .
 The Berserk Fury is a fairly large zoid . A little bigger than the Liger Zero . This is a complex one , probably not for the younger collecters out there , but is a great zoid when you get it all put together.The Fury had 2 modes . A walking mode and a mode were he opens his mouth and his tail vents.The downsides are that when he walks , he is n't that stable.This zoid is a great addition to any collection.I would recommend it to anyone .
 the B.F. was very easy but at the same time very difficult.i gaurentee that if you get this zoid you will be very pleased with it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i bought an ordinary beserk fury but i wanted something different so i changed it and voula geno fury with 7 extra guns and a sniper rifle it is the ultimate ultimatex it is also the most powerful zoid ever created and you pathetic fools will fall before genofurys wrath mwu ha ha ha
 I think that the beserk fury is a must have zoid for anybody who either likes cool toys or want a challenging model to build . I love this zoid . I found it hard to build . well not exactly hard . It just took me a lot of time to build.I love the way you can either have it walk or have it stand in place and strike out with it 's head , exposing the partical cannon in its mouth . BUY THIS ZOID !!!!!!!!!
 well well well iv been waitin fer this zoid fer some time . I guess ill start with the down side , first of it dousnt walk very well as it tends to go to the left alot and its no where near as fast as my shield liger . the battle baldes do have an up side but rather than bein plastic they are rubber and thats about it for the down side now the up sidealmost all of its armor comes off and the battle blades are gratly posable also it has a battrey box and a comand box the comand box makes the zoid ether walk -LRB- badly -RRB- or go into charg particle mode very nice . and if your the type who likes bilding like i do then youll love this i started bilding at 11oclock and worked until 1 30 and i only hade the body made so i went to bed and finished the battle wepons in the monin.whell il see yall later hope this was help full .
 The Berserk fury is so cool!it is also the hardest to assable so it took mea while . I would rate the difficulty at 10 -LRB- 1-10 -RRB- Beleve me this goes great with liger zero and zaber fang .
 If you like zoids or berserk fury buy it , this model is well worth it . look out for furys eyes there fragile .
 My 4 year old grandson told me he wanted a falcon . My reaction was , `` Good luck with that ! '' Being the dutiful grandmother I am , I decided to see if Amazon had one - after all , they have everything ! Sure enough , here was this cute little guy . I also sent a book . This is a small , well made toy . The chirping noise can get a bit annoying , especially when you hear it during the night . He brought it when he spent the night and I had to think a bit to realize what that noise was a couple of times . It has become one of his favorites -LRB- his dolphin still has the top spot -RRB- and has made the trip to school a few times .
 This is the cutest Plush Peregrine Falcon . It is so authentic . I have been watching 4 babyfalcons since their birth this summer -LRB- by webcam -RRB- and have since gone to see them in `` person '' asthey are learning how to fly . their parents actually show them how to fly and to hunt for foodso they can be on their own . I ordered this little falcon for my daughter and was so happy with how cute it isand how authentic it is including the sound it makes . I could n't be happier with this purchase.Thank you , Willi Christensen
 The peregrine falcon is a beautiful , noble bird known for its keen eye sight , keen intelligence and speed in flight.This stuffed replica of this magnificent bird will certainly be a hit with ornithologists , falcon lovers and people who appreciate the artistry in such detailed stuffed toys .
 My son loves Falcon 's and esp peregrine 's . He loves this little guy . It is cute . A little pricey for what it is I thought , but still glad I got it for him to go with his Peregrine 's Journey book .
 My 4 year old loves to play &#34; Peregrine Falcon . &#34; Do n't ask me why be we now have a really cute one that she can play with .
 This is a very study plush toy that looks very much like a Peregrine falcon . It was also offered at a great price
 I got this for my newest grandson !! I am amazed at the sound ! Very clear , and the material is also very soft and child friendly . I will be looking for more like this .
 a cute little peregrine falcon plush , more authentic than others i saw . i got it as a gag gift for a friend of mine who loves peregrines , i 'm sure she will love it too = -RRB-
 My daughter received this for her first birthday and she loves it so much ! By watching me press the button to activate Cookie Monster , she knows how to do it herself already ! It helps with motor skills and is entertaining too ! It plays `` these are the people in your neighborhood '' and `` three blind mice ''
 My little 6 month old loved this . He was very attracted to it and learned quickly how to work it . Then one day he was playing with it and started screaming - his finger got stuck between Cookie monster and the cookie . After pulling his finger out we noticed a gap between them just about the size of a 6-9 month old finger , and not only that , but if your little one has his finger stuck and the same hand is pressing on the button it takes some strength to yank cookie 's head up to release the finger . Beware !!!
 I did not buy this from amazon , but I figured that I should offer my opinion for potential buyers -LRB- I do own this though -RRB- . Naraku does not have any items with him . Nothing . It 's just him . And , because his foot is in walking position , he does n't stand up well . I have to lean him against something to keep him from falling over.He looks good . The creators did a good job at his face and hair . But the fact that he keeps falling over kinda takes away from the positive . For collectors or Inuyasha fans , he 's a good buy . Just make sure he is n't face down most of the time .
 I had no problem standing him up.The small plate he stands on may need a bit of rotation until you find the spot that keeps him up . I dont have his left arm as extended as in the picture but he stands up quite nicely on my shelf and looks great overshadowing my little figure of Kagura .
 My mother got this for me for Christmas , and at the time I was just really getting into InuYasha . I personally do n't like Naraku all that much , because he 's the main villan of the story , but he 's pretty cool . He does n't come with any accessories , so do n't be dissapointed when you open the box and do n't find any . The only problem I have with him is when I try to put him on the stand he always falls backward and then I keep having to put him back on over and over again . But it 's worth the money !
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for dad . He has a pool table with walls that are little tight on the long side . He wanted an adjustable cue for lenght and weight . He tells me this a quality pool cue and since he has years of experience I feel confident to pass this recommendation .
 My son has definitely improved his game with this stick . He is 7 and loves it .
 I really enjoy this game !! I initially purchased it for my daughter , and she had a great time playing it . I also used it for an after-school program . The kids had a great time with it . The enthusiasm it brought to the classroom was rarely matched by any other activity . It 's uniquely challenging for adults and kids , but not overly difficult for either ; definitely entertaining . I even had a student ask me when we were going to play it again . I highly recommend this for home and school purposes.Alvin
 this is a awesome fun cool toy so much fun its a stufed animal and a computer game who dosent love that!its has some fun but educational games too my dog will get this and think its hers but when i get it its like she never got it dosent get holes that often this is a awesome stufed animal/computer game !!!!! love it so much hope you injoy !!!! -LRB- :
 my daughter ordered this toy with all her money.it has n't came yet but she is so exited.this will be her 29th webkinz . -LRB- here is what she wrote -RRB- i love webkinz they are very cool and educatinial . on the site your pet has its own room . when you adopt a pet you get webkinz money -LRB- kinzcash , witch can be used to get items for your pet -RRB- and a gift box . when you go to your room you can open the box that has food an item an other things . your pet also has a biography . there are stores on webkinz world such as kinzstyle outlet , wshop , curio shop , and the wish factory . the most educational thing on webkinz is quizzys corner . -LRB- back to me -RRB- well my little colecter had a lot to say lol .
 I ca n't say enough about these toys ! They are so nicely made and feel great in your hands . Small enough to carry around and big enough for little hands . Great quality , sturdy and superior look.Update
 These tiny little cars were much smaller than I expected . But the truetest is by my three year old grandson and he is absolutely thrilled with them . Small for the price , but worth watching him play joyfully with them .
 We have had these three for two years now and with heavy play use the tractor 's back wheel just broke last night . They have been tossed into toy boxes , played with , chucked across the room and stepped on . Disney makes a great product and they look just like those in the movie . They are smaller than the regular line of cars but that is what you would expect . They are in size ratio to the other cars . Guido IS smaller !! The painting and details are priceless . Wonterful quality for the value !
 This was a great addition to my son 's Cars toys . He enjoys playing with them . BEWARE of lead paint toy recalls .
 My kids wanted anything and everything from the Cars movie . They were not disappointed with the addition of these three . They are smaller than some of the similar cars from Cars , but the kids still love them . Go ahead and get your kids some , they will love them , too .
 This little trio is so cute and goes great with the other Cars toys . The scale is wonderful and they fit nice with Mac the truck . My son really liked getting them for Christmas and plays with them everyday .
 These cars are so much fun for all ! My 2 boys love the movie and love collecting all the cars as well ! Santa brought a bunch to add to their collection and they now have them all !!! Thanks Disney for such a family fun movie and fun for all !
 Disney at it 's best ! Excellent detail and likeness from the movie . My children love these cars !
 If you 're looking for some old-fashioned boardgame fun as a change or a break from the electronics craze , this is a really good family game.I picked up the game a couple of years ago but did n't really opened it until this past week . I thought it was great that someone decided to create a game based on Paul 's missionary journeys , but I was n't sure something as `` low-tech '' as a boardgame would create interest in today 's kids.Well , I was wrong . My three children , Anne -LRB- 11 years -RRB- , Joy -LRB- 8 years -RRB- , and Nathan -LRB- 6 years -RRB- had fun playing by themselves . They kinda learned the rules as they played . After watching them go at it for awhile , mom and I got down and dirty with them and took off on the journey from Jerusalem through Asia Minor to plant three churches and be the first to reach Jerusalem.Sad to say , I lost both games we played as a family . Mom and Joy were the first to get to Rome to `` get imprisoned '' -LRB- since that 's what happened to Paul in the Bible -RRB- . Nathan said he won too , because he was the last to get imprisoned , and he built six churches.The game 's pacing was slow . It took about ten minutes to finish each round -LRB- two minutes average for each player -RRB- , with all the declaration of the move , checking the Event card , and then coming up with a strategy to move or build churches . I love the concept that in order to build a church , you had to build at least seven cell groups . You could also appoint a deacon to help protect and guide the church . -LRB- Although I think in the Bible a presbyter -LRB- elder -RRB- fulfilled that role -RRB- . You can also trade cards but sometimes that does n't help your cause.What would be interesting as well would be some trivia cards that provides more information -LRB- historical or geographical -RRB- about the ancient cities and tell of the modern equivalent .
 We like to play Bible games . Especially on Sundays . But sometimes that forms a problem for those who visit you who are Biblically illiterate . Enter Journeys of Paul Board Game ... Now anyone can play!The meaning of the game is enhanced by Bible knowledge , but it is not really necessary for your players to have that knowledge . It also opens opportunities for discussing Bible stories with those players.For those who have the Bible knowledge it 's interesting to learn how to pronounce the names of all those places Paul went to and where they are on the map . It brings to life the events that happened in Paul 's life when you experience them , even though you experience them vicariously.But do n't play this game unless you have plenty of time to do so . On an average it probably takes about an hour and a half . Also , to keep things moving appoint one person to read the event cards and hand out the opportunity cards . That makes it go more smoothly , especially if you have poor readers or beginning readers in the group.Overall this game has been a winner with adults and children we 've played it with . That 's a good deal in my book !
 Journeys of Paul is a great game ! My whole family loved it ! At first I thought it would be just a game following the places Paul went and everything he did , but I was wrong.This game is recommended for 10 years and older by the manufacturer , but I played it with my 8 years old and 6 years old brothers , and we all enjoyed it . The rules are simple and the game is fun . One game -LRB- depending on the cards you have -RRB- lasts approx . 45-60 mins . We played with our parents too , and we all had fun . It is a strategy game , so you need to think your journey through , rather than just count on your luck.The object of the game is to get to Rome from Jerusalem . You can use to go on land or by sea -LRB- but you need a Ship available card to go by sea -RRB- . You have to build 3 churches in 3 cities on the way , and your 4th , final church in Rome . However you can not build in just any city . The first one who gets to Rome and builds the 4 churches is the winner . Your Journey could get hindered by certain events -LRB- bad weather , imprisonment , sickness , ship wrecked etc. -RRB- Some events can be countered with Opportunity cards , if you have the right ones . You can also trade those cards . You get 3 City cards that help you build your churches faster in some cities , by giving you extra cell groups -LRB- you need 7 cell groups to build your church -RRB- . However your City cards might make your journey longer , so you do n't necessarily want to build only in those 3 cities on your cards . You also get Deacons that can save your churches that you already built -LRB- if you have the right opportunity card which allowes you to use your Deacons -RRB- . This is a great strategy game , I highly recommend it . If you want a fun family christian board game , this is the one for you .
 My better half rated this game an overall 3 but I feel it truly deserves a 4 . I was in complete awe just opening the map of Paul 's journeys , and still am . It took a good few minutes just taking in his journeys to each of these cities and then remembering how he was treated in each of them . That in itself is an education.When it comes to a game of fun , it 's a really good game and worth playing many times . When it comes to educational , it helps if you have someone who has read of Paul 's journeys who can provide the full flavor of his life after deciding to follow Christ and get out His word.The game itself is well made and durable and will be a main stay in our home .
 My 11 year old -LRB- at the time -RRB- wanted this for her birthday . She will be 13 soon , these are her words ... It is kinda of an interesting game and fun to play ... I liked the idea of the game , it takes you through Biblical areas of Paul the Apostles Journey . How he spread the Gospel and started Churches . It teaches geography of the old world which is another plus .
 My nephews -LRB- age 6 and 8 -RRB- were jumping out of their seats and screaming during the entire game . `` I got a deacon ! '' and `` Full Moon - move two extra squares ! '' The younger boy did n't have a chance at winning because while I was strategizing to make converts in Leptis Magna , he was whispering to me that he did n't want to go to any city in a desert because he was afraid of sand storms . He was unwilling to travel by sea for fear of storms , but luckily he got the Fair Weather card half-way through and was willing to take the risk . He told me he 's going to have nightmeres because of all the mobs and stonings . You 'll be happy to hear that he slept well , with no nightmeres , but he did wake up all excited to play again `` because I 'm going to meet a Centurian Sympathizer this time , and we 're going to be friends '' What a perfect board game for a boy who already owns all of the lego castles and all of the playmobile pirates . A little boy with a big imagination can turn this board game into an adventure .
 I bought this game for myself Christmas 2012 and have been enjoying it tremendously . In line with it 's biblical theme , I love the way the game enlightens players to the consistancy of the struggles the Apostle Paul went through on his journey to Rome . I also love the vesitility of being able to play with several players or by myself ! I hope to introduce this game to many of my friends .
 I just got this game today the 6th and I ordered the 3rd . It came fast . We have not played it yet but the value and everythign looks great . This will make a grand birthday gift . This seller did a great quick job .
 I am a makeup artist and this counter w/accessories is so realistic down to its little brushes with handles , chairs and bags ! My nieces loved it !
 I ca n't say enough about these toys ! They are so nicely made and feel great in your hands . Small enough to carry around and big enough for little hands . Great quality , sturdy and superior look . Collectors are buying these up like hot cakes and ebay is living proof that people are willing to shell out the cash for these . Especially for the ones that are harder to find.People have written reviews on these that no stores carry them . They have been sold out because there has been a rush on these toys even before the movie release . Hopefully as time goes on and if they keep producing them they will be easier to come by . That 's what I am hoping for . I do n't have all the characters yet and would like at least one of each for my son , maybe even more for collecting.Good luck on your search !
 These are great cars . The quality is really nice . The only complaint I had was how hard it was to find them !!!
 My 3 1/2 year old loves this toy . He takes it to his daycare everyday for show and tell.Cars are sturdy and can take the ` beating ' of a young boy . Very happy with product .
 My son loves everything Cars movie , but these little die cast cars can be outrageously priced . I was thrilled that the $ 10 check he got for his birthday could go to buy him a few of the cars we did n't have.I worry that they wo n't hold up . We have had them for about a month now . My son has already managed to bend Snot Rod 's rear axle and the soft plastic spoilers on Boost were showing wear day one . My son is loving them too death , though . Right now , he is taking a nap with them . He plans to bring them to show and tell at his preschool next week .
 Great toys , very durable . Lots of fun - my son loves them !
 We looked all over for this set and found it on Amazon . So , we were able to purchase this for my son and he was thrilled .
 My boys are big fans of Cars . They were very excited to actually see the characters in small cars .
 Great quality . Son enjoys playing with them all day long .
 This toy is awsome ! It is great for a collector 's item to go on a shelf or something , or for little kids to play around with ! You 'll have lots of fun playin ' with other Cars and stuff , its Wonderful ! If you like Disney 's Cars the Movie , you will absolutely LOVE this great pair of toys !
 Got two of them - one for me , and one for a friend . They work great and are tons of fun . They bounce reallyyy high !
 I remember playing with super balls when I was a kid . This bounces just as high as I remember ! I would recommend this as a gift for any child or for any adult who had one as a kid .
 Hello Fellow Amazoners!I recently heard about the SuperBall and thought that it sounded pretty cool . So I was determined to find one . Naturally I came to amazon and found it . I purchased a 3-pack . Now I would just like to make it clear that THIS IS MY FIRST SUPERBALL , so I have no experience with the original one.Now at first I was disappointed that the famous atom symbol was not printed on the ball as that seemed to be one of the most memorable features of the ball from what I have heard . So I opened the ball and the first thing I tried to do was to go downstairs on the hard wood floor and I extended my arm at a 90 degree angle and simply released the ball . The ball came almost all the way back up , but It did not seem anywhere close to 90 % recovery . It was wore like 75-80 % . Now I do n't mean to insult anyone but the other people who wrote their reviews must have been in their 40 's and 50 's . And they probably do n't remember the superball as well as they may think . Also it may have seemed more spectacular when they were younger . But I may be wrong . Also this may also be insignificant but the ball will recover at a higher percentage when dropped at a lower height because of wind resistance -LRB- I 'm pretty sure this is true -RRB- . Also when one applies some force to the SuperBall it seems much bouncier than a normal bouncy ball.Still I enjoyed the SuperBall so far and I am ready for many more future exploits with SuperBall ! Overall It is a fun toy but from what I 've heard do not compare it to the original .
 I had one of these Super Balls when I was a kid back in the 60 's and early 70 's . I would spend hours throwing it up against the garage door and catching it on the rebound . It 's called Super Ball for good reason , if you were to throw it as hard as possible straight down onto the asphalt this sucker would literally take off higher than a roof top . Sadly mine was forever lost when it was stolen from me by the bully down the street who promptly tossed it into the sewer , a death trap for wayward toys.A little Super Ball trivia . I was reading a book on the history of the NFL and how a man came up with the name Super Bowl for the new championship game to be held between the two conferences . He had a couple children who had just received a new Super Ball by Wham-O and they were running around with it yelling SUPER BALL ! SUPER BALL ! So he thought to himself ... The colleges have their Bowl games , maybe we should call the NFL 's big game the `` Super '' Bowl . And there you have it !
 I ca n't say enough about these cars ! They are so nicely made and feel great in your hands . Small enough to carry around and big enough for little hands . Great quality , sturdy and superior look . Collectors are buying these up like hot cakes and ebay is living proof that people are willing to shell out the cash for these . Especially for the ones that are harder to find.Someone wrote a review on the Mack Truck Playset that no stores have them . They have been sold out because there has been a rush on these toys even before the movie release . Hopefully as time goes on and if they keep producing them they will be easier to come by . That 's what I am hoping for . I do n't have all the characters yet and would like at least one of each for my son , maybe even more for collecting .
 I can not say enough about the little vehicles from the movie `` Cars '' . We were lucky to purchase 8 of them the week before the movie released and I just purchased 2 more of the sets . I have heard the trouble in getting these little gems and I think it was supply/demand shortsightedness . My 5 year old son plays with the vehicles for hours and does not even want me to throw the packaging away ! I can definitely say they are worth the money to buy . Hopefully , more will be available in the future .
 These cars are durable and just like the characters from the movie ! My sons -LRB- 2.5 & 1 -RRB- absolutely love them , and we are pleased to say that they are EXTREMELY resilient and water safe -LRB- * Not the Look my EYES CHANGE , or Hauler trailers -RRB- ! My boys play with them in the tub , yard , floor , carry them everywhere they go in a back pack , and they keep them entertained for hours !!! A must have for `` Disney '' families .
 I was very happy to have found this item . My grandson has collected all the CARS , cars and was missing Flo . It was fair priced and much better than going to Ebay . Thank you for making my grandson 's day .
 These cars are very nice and a very good price . I would definitely buy them again ! Grandsons aged 3 and 10 play with them constantly .
 These cars are quality made , like when I was a kid . The likeness to the film cars is excellent .
 Excellent detail and likeness from the movie . My children love these cars !
 I just received these today - a Christmas gift for my 3 year old . I guess I did n't read the description well enough . I though these were a little bigger . They do have excellent detail and I 'm sure my son will love them . I just expected a slightly larger , sturdier toy . He has n't opened them yet , of course , but I can see where small parts could break off as they are so small .
 As an owner of a multi-aged daycare , durability was a key factor ! These wooden vehicles are fantastic !!! They have been thrown by 2 yr olds , chewed on by babies , and driven hard by preschoolers . Very happy with this product .
 Oooh yehhhhhhh ! I love these jokes even more than I like free shrimp and room service ! EEEEEEhaaaaa ! But , you know , I think i , I mean they , should be charging more . Not that I like money or anything . After all , I 'm just a peace loving hippie from Bayville who enjoys eating clams from a garbage pail ! HeeHeeHee ! Come on ! That 's funny ! Laugh !!
 Our little boy LOVES this book ! He carries around the bear and bottle , feeding the bear and offering the bottle to me and the dog . We read through the book at bedtime as he is winding down . The book and all the little pieces seem quite durable , as they have held up to many weeks of being carried around and chewed on . Good value , full of imagination potential !
 Bought this for our great granddaughter and she loves it . This is like a toy that I bought for my children and grandchildren and really found it saved the day many times . I am sure my great granddaughter will have many learning and fun experiences with this .
 This cloth book is such a good idea for teaching little ones different colors , textures , and how to button , unbutton , zip , etc. . I only gave 4 stars for overall because I wish the little parts to the book were attached somehow ... they could easily be misplaced . But I would highly recommend this book .
 This book is very cute in the sense that it zips up nicely like a little suitcase . I was expecting a bit more since this puppy ran be about 30 bucks , but i am hoping that it will prove worthy . I am not going to let my child play with this right away because then it wo n't be fun the next time I need to keep him quiet ! This is what the book offers
 This is a great book for restaurants and early morning when our son crawls into bed with us -LRB- and we do n't want to wake up ! -RRB- . There is plenty to do for a 1 year old and more advanced activities now that he is 2 .
 Right now my 13 month old really enjoys just a few of the pages , as the others are a bit more advanced . I think he will continue to enjoy the book as he ages and can do more of the activities . I was very impressed with how durable the book is -- very well sewn , etc. . My only issues was that the end of the belt was frayed with no finish , but all I had to do was hold a match to the polyester end and it is solidified . I do wonder how long the small velcro patches will continue to hold , but other than that , I am very pleased.When you take into account shipping , this was the best deal at the time for this book .
 Quiet book is the title and it really does that . His favorite page is the lady bug . He 's not even two yet so it 's still a little advanced for him , but I know he will continue to love it and use it as he gets older and can tie the football , etc. .
 We have had this book for a year . Our now two year old has used it almost weekly in church for the entire year and still loves it . Our soon-to-be 1 year old is just getting into it -- the velcro balloons are a BIG hit and they snaps as the fine motor skills develop . My kids love to remove the 2 little people from the train cars and put them back in . Super for developing skills but not for the lazy parent because does take parental involvement to keep the pieces from getting lost . I highly recommend this !
 This was a perfect deal . Clear description and a shipment with no problems . Communication was not a problem .
 My 4 year son plays with this all the time . He loves the movie Cars and also loves fire trucks , so it was perfect . It is well made with a lot of detail . It is the perfect size for little hands and is an easy toy to take with you when you need something small and entertaining . The statue of Stanley is not played with as much , just by the nature of it being a statue .
 Great quality and addition to cool collection . Son enjoys his collection and playing with them all day long .
 These are great toys , the fire engine is a favorite . It 's VERY durable , as it has been truly tried and tested by him in every way . Stanley is plastic and breaks easily , and though I know he is only supposed to be a statue , you must remember Stanley went through a lot of activity , tearing up the road in the movie , which of course the boys try to re-create in scenes of their own on the floor . So he 's been broken and repaired with glue - twice . Stanley is included with Red because he sits in front of the firehouse and Red keeps his flowers in pots around the statue . I wish they had mad him sturdier .
 My son loves these cars ' toys . Red -LRB- the fire engine -RRB- is great . My son takes it in the bath , throws it around and bangs it up . It is extremely well made and last through whatever abuse my son dishes out . However , he does n't seem to play with this particular set as much as some of the others . And I was a little dissapointed in the Stanley statue . Unlike the other cars which are sturdy , Stanley was cheap plastic . And I am not sure why they included it with Red as a set .
 Red -LRB- the Fire Engine -RRB- and Stanley -LRB- the Statue -RRB- look just like in the movie ! One of My favorite sceens in the Movie is when Red is crusin down the freshly paved street , That Fire Truck has the Moves !
 I ca n't say enough about these toys ! They are so nicely made and feel great in your hands . Small enough to carry around and big enough for little hands . Great quality , sturdy and superior look . Collectors are buying these up like hot cakes and ebay is living proof that people are willing to shell out the cash for these . Especially for the ones that are harder to find.People have written reviews on these that no stores carry them . They have been sold out because there has been a rush on these toys even before the movie release . Hopefully as time goes on and if they keep producing them they will be easier to come by . That 's what I am hoping for . I do n't have all the characters yet and would like at least one of each for my son , maybe even more for collecting.Good luck on your search !
 My son loved this two extremely quiet characters from the movie `` Cars '' . They were so hard to find !! I would 've had a very unhappy 4 year old come Christmas Day , without these 2 . He specifically asked Santa for them and I had n't seen them anywhere yet . Thank God I came across them when I did !
 This is a great toy . I have been collecting them for my 3 year old son . I purchased all the sets sold on Amazon at Meijer for $ 6.99 each ! I 'd say Amazon is very much overpriced . These are Hot Wheels . When I bought them from Meijer , I thought they were over priced , but know that I see them on Amazon , I guess I got them for a great price .
 Hard to find in the store , ordered it here and got it right away . He loved it and has played with it a long time it has lasted
 My daughter collected the Cars . She enjoyed them while it lasted . They are well made . I decided to pack them away and maybe one day they will be collectible .
 This was a hard find . I was happy to find it and my son was happy to get it .
 Needed a number of these and did not like the small packages and high prices at the home center stores . Save some money buying online and quality seems fine .
 I purchased this for a school . It is getting great use and is enjoyed very much !
 I had previously purchased the matching table and stools and decided to purchase the matching toy box when I saw it on sale . I am so glad I did , we just remodeled our porch for a playroom for our 4 year old twins and these pieces fit perfectly . The colors and sturdiness of the item was surprising for the price . I especially love the spring-hinge feature on the toy box lid , it allows for the box to stay open and not slam on little fingers .
 My daughter did not want to give up her training wheels . This product got her passed this hurdle . Highly Recommend it ...
 I bought this product hoping it would give my child the confidence to start riding a bike . It helped her maintain her balance on the bike without me scrunching down and holding onto the bike . No crashes or falls . Wow this product really worked . After an hour , my daughter is riding her bike like a pro.My only complaint was the written directions on how to put the product together . The instuctions were lacking in the step by step and more pictures would of helped . I struggled trying to put the release mechanism together . I finally found the assembly video online and a short time later it was ready to be assembled on the bike .
 Yat Ming , arguably the People 's Diecast Maker , has turned out a handful of these '64 Grand Sports in different stylings . They 're finny , low-slung , boldly colored , muscularly motored , classy Corvettes -- even if they 're a trifle over the top . If I owned a ` Vette , I 'd WANT it to be over the top , if not , then what 's it all about ? The yellow wheels and exhaust on this particular rendition yell Plastic a little too loudly , otherwise no complaints . ` Vette collectors should buy this .
 I 've purchased this product many times . People can not believe the cool things you can do with it ! Blow the bubble solution inside in a big space if possible . -LRB- Like a gymnasium or standing on stage in front of kids without fans blowing in the room , or if you need to , on a low-wind day outside . -RRB- Make sure to aim upwards when you blow . The bubbles will dry for about 30 seconds and float towards the floor . As they float , kids can catch the bubbles on their fingers and stack them into snowmen and other fun configurations . It 's fun to see people walking around with bubbles stuck to their heads.If your office is of light humor , blow them around the cubicles when no one is looking -LRB- or even if they are ! -RRB- The bubbles will land on desks and other things , and stay there for up to 3 weeks . -LRB- That 's the record I 've seen - when a bubble is n't disturbed . -RRB- Bubbles that are fast and wet are full of water and pop quickly by comparison to these - these bubbles are slow and dry and last forever . The wand is small in size , though , so you can only make marble-sized bubbles . FUN !
 I like this product for playtime for little ones and special needs children too . My only caution is that they can create a bit of a mess , leaving marks on the surface where the bubble lands . So be careful where you play with these bubbles .
 I have to admit , I did n't have high expectations for this item . Just a silly toy to help Santa add to a stocking when he fell short . But wow , I was wrong . They work . How to
 I purchased these bubbles because my 21 month old son 's speech therapist uses them with him . He loves them and it encourages him to say , `` pop ! '' over and over . : -RRB-
 I completely love `` touchable bubble '' the bubbles last for a VERY long time.It takes about 10 seconds after you blow the bubbles for them to be touched/caught , its fun to watch just how far they go . Even tho the tubes are small just a little goes a long way !! Its is also very durable , I bought some last summer -LRB- ' 09 -RRB- and was still able to use it this year !! If you have kids or -LRB- like me -RRB- is a kid at heart i highly recommend `` touchable bubble ''
 The only problem was in them selecting the colors , `` color may vary . '' I ordered 5 and got 4 pink and 1 blue .
 These are incredibly durable bubbles . The look on a little kid 's face when they can hold the bubble in their hands , or it lands on the dog and it does n't pop is priceless . And though the tube is small , it makes a fair amount of bubbles . Since they last , you do n't find yourself blowing and blowing and blowing . One set of bubbles is good for extended fascination .
 I fell in love with these about 15 years ago in DaytonaBeach FL . Havent been able to find them since . My grandaughter loves them . They stay around after the blowing is finished . Found them on the canna lillies , on the house and even on Nana 's head!!@!
 amazing my daughter loves this , the bubbles go all over the place and she loves playing with them , thank you
 This has been a fun incentive for good behavior in my classes when I sub . They are eager for the end of the day if they have enough points to play and they usually do !
 Great price for these touchable bubbles . Needed several for science experiments at school . If purchased from Science Equipment companies , 4x the price . This makes it affordable for the classroom .
 Great fun for the kids . Have used it for years at DiSNEY while I waited in lines for rides . So much fun to blow bubbles and have them sail around for hours ... LITERALLY !! hahaha They are a blast ! Nothing like holding a bubble on your finger tips . Probably why the kids like them so much .
 We use the bubble with out disable preschool class so it gives them time to catch them or just get over being scared . They last a long time . It 's been a week and we still have a couple of the bubbles still in the room on the ceiling .
 I got this for a friend 's son for his birthday , and they were a big hit ! Very cool and something different than your usual bubbles !
 BTW I 'm not a kid I 'm 14 . This TNA Wild Cat Chris Harris figuer is another figuer that I 've added to my wrestling action figuer collection . The figuer is pretty good with a good face scan and it also comes with his trade mark coat and hancuffs . Good figuer worth the money .
 My husband loves his truck . He is getting more exercise now and does n't seem to be as bored as he has been .
 I bought these for my first two kids several years ago , and the blocks are still going strong . The paint is still vibrant and there are very few dings or marks on any of the blocks . As babies , my boys just grabbed the blocks and held them . As time went on , they progressed to stacking the blocks . Now they sort them by colors and make towers with alternating colors . All the blocks are perfectly square , so stacking them is easy . Even after years of use , the blocks look brand new .
 We love all the Haba toys & these are no exception . The nice bright colors are great on these simple blocks . Looking forward to getting more use out of them as she gets older , but at only 6 months they are already providing some fun .
 I really wanted to buy my son a set of wooden blocks . We had some other Haba wooden toys/rattles so I thought these might be just as good . They are a great toy for wooden blocks . My son is 9 months old and he 'll throw them , wave them around , and knock them over if I stack them up . However , entertainment value is limited because of his age . I think they 'll be better for him when he 's about a year or so and can do more with them.As for the other reviewer who was upset that the blocks split when left soaking in water , the directions that come with them specifies only a damp cloth for cleaning and to specifically NOT soak them . They are wood after all .
 My daughter 's physical therapist uses these to help her learn to grab things . They are excellent for that purpose , but I would not leave them alone with your child as they could swallow/choke on these blocks . These require supervision . But they have done wonders for my daughter , and should be recommended for all children with finer motor skill problems like grabbing , holding , passing , ect .
 Great to find safe non toxic blocks with such bright beautiful colors . These are nicely made , quality looking blocks . Highly recommend them
 My son loved those blocks from when he was 10 month old . He loves to knock them down , pick them up and move them around , hit one against the other -LRB- he loves to make music -RRB- , and just look at the colors . The colors are vibrant and are great at attracting my son 's attention . My son also loves to chew on them , and even though I know blocks without color will be best my son is not interested in the plain wooden blocks and prefers the colorful ones . Those blocks are painted with a safe paint and are made in Germany -LRB- and not in China like so many of the other toys in the market -RRB- . My only complaint it that there are so few blocks in the set . I guess the amount is ok for a baby , but I like buying toys that would grow with my son and I do n't see a toddler being able to do much with so few blocks . For the price I would hope to get more cubes , but so far my son loves them so I guess I 'll just have to get an addition block set when he first shows an interest in building with the blocks .
 We purchased these blocks at a baby store in town and have been very pleased . The photo is n't that accurate - the set comes with 12 blocks
 We bought these for our first child , who is now 3-1/2 . It 's been amazing to see her use them in SO many ways over the years , from grasping them as an infant , to stacking them as a toddler , to now building `` castles '' and arranging them in the shape of letters as a preschooler - these blocks have provided hours and hours of education and fun ! They are painted with safe , boldly-colored paint , and have held up beautifully , withstanding beatings from our second child , who is just beginning to enjoy what will surely be some of his favorite `` toys . '' Haba is top-notch !
 These are great , durable , colorful blocks for infants learning to grasp . They 're also excellent for putting in and taking out of containers , building , etc. . Both my infant daughter and 3 year old son enjoy these blocks .
 Although a little expensive , I think they 're worth it because they 're safe . They 're also very solid and will obviously last a long time . I agree with another reviewer that the picture does n't do them justice . They 've left out the orange entirely , and you get two of each color , or 12 total . I might have been quicker to buy them had I realized that .
 We bought these for our 12 mo old son for his birthday . Between him and some of his 9-15mo friends , they have been tested . The color does not `` chip '' off but is in beautiful brilliant colors . Stands up to washing , banging , dropping and even throwing . Sturdy , great for towers . Our son just recently became interested in them and he is now 15months ... I 'd buy them again . Great `` old-time '' classic toy that promotes imagination and skill development not prevalent in most cheap plastic noise makers , a toy that I expect will be around our home for a long time to come .
 I think these blocks will be with us for years - they are made very well , the paint does n't chip at all , heck , they 've lived through my son chewing on them ! this makes a great present for 1 - 1.5 year olds .
 We bought this when my daughter was less that two years old . This was one of the items we used to stimulate her little fingers . I think it worked . She then built little towers with this , this was a fun and endless simple game we shared . Now her little brother is playing with them . They have been in the game room at a prime location for almost three years now and look just as good as new . I like this simple wood made toys , it seems to me they are a strong stimulus to creativity .
 My daughter is only 7 mos old and these blocks have been great for developing her motor skills . She practices picking them up one by one as well as taking a block off from the top w/o knocking the `` tower '' down . Added bonus is that they are safe ! Love HABA !
 Baby loves playing with these these -LRB- and sucking on them too -- he 's teething -RRB- , dad loves playing with these , mom loves the extremely high quality of these blocks , which will obviously last for years , just because they are so well made but because they will be a building block -LRB- pun intended -RRB- of our toy collection for years to come . The paint is bright and strong , the wood grain and cut edges of the underlying wood is beautiful , and they are clearly excellent blocks.I 'm thinking of buying two more sets , just so we can build bigger towers for the kiddo to knock over.The picture for this item is n't very good , so FYI , this set has two blocks each of six colors
 Our daughter loves these blocks ! We started her off using them during dinner time when she was 5 months old . We have her sitting with us at the table . In lieu of food , she has these blocks to play with . -LRB- Hopefully working on her grasping skills while she 's with the family . -RRB- They 've held up quite well to all the grabbing , chewing , and throwing off of the table that they 've had to go through . We 've just started her on solids , so they are now getting washed with every meal and are holding up very well . Like all of the Haba toys we 've purchased , these are quality products and I can see they will last for years to come.Another nice side perk to these blocks is that they match other lines of Haba blocks , so they blend right in with the other sets .
 These blocks are cubes , 4cm on each side . There are twelve in a package
 These blocks fit their title and are appropriate for first blocks . They are small enough for my 9 month old to grip easily , and he is attracted to the colors . The colors also seem pretty chip resistant . These blocks get thrown around quite a bit and none of the color has come off .
 These blocks are perfect for little one 's hands . My baby is seven months old and these blocks are bright , safe , and easy for him to manipulate . I love that I do n't have to stress when he puts them in his mouth . Good purchase !
 What is there to say about blocks ? These are a good size for a baby , nice colors , non-toxic paints . Seem to be durable so far . -LRB- My baby 's been banging them around for a couple of months . -RRB-
 Basic non-toxic blocks for little hands ! My little one lives to knock them down and bang them to make noise .
 These blocks are very high quality . The construction is solid and the colors are very vibrant . My child puts everything in his mouth and these blocks are no exception to the rule . They have withstood countless baby taste tests . Furthermore , they have help up to tossing , slamming , and sliding . You will love these blocks as much as your child .
 Pros
 Dirt Boss has probably one of the cleverest special features of the Cybertron series . Using his Planet Key in vehicle mode widens his wheelbase , drops his body , and instantly converts him from monster truck to low-rider race car . His robot mode feature of swinging down shoulder cannons is a little lame compared to this . His plastic does n't feel quite as sturdy as that of other figures in the series , but not nearly as flimsy as Thundercracker 's . Vehicle mode is definitely cooler than robot mode , in my opinion . Since he comes from the Speed Planet he probably stays in truck mode most of the time , anyway .
 DIRT BOSS , is the newest member of the DECEPTICON army , and is apparantly going through some hazing . This other wise cool looking TRANSFORMER has the worst color scheme since the evil Cremesicle colored SUN STORM from TF UNIVERSE.Neon green and purple , if the green was black this guy would look awesome.His head sculpt reminds me of TRANSMETAL 2 , DINOBOT from BEAST WARS which I always thought was kinda neat on a TRANSFORMER . A cyborg head on a robot.The only other complaint I have is ... Where are the guns ??? ARMADA , ENERGON , and now CYBERTRON have a serious problem of equiping their soldiers whith weaponry . G1 TFs never had this problem . You 'd think these bots were on their way to Iraq with their equipment problems . I spent all last year in that wonderful place , but that 's another story.So in short , cool figure , cool vehicle , but a better color scheme , and some hardware would have put this BOSS at the top .
 Undermine is , like all of the `` Jungle planet '' Decepticons , a lizard.the other jungle planet decepticons are Scourge , Brimstone , and Wreckloose.Now undermine is a very sturdy little dinosaur.he may not have the best poseability , but he is loads of fun to play with.His robot mode head resembles a knights helmet from the middle ages.in dinosaur mode , he transforms into a nasty -LRB- in a good way -RRB- little green Spinosaur.His `` cyber key gimmick '' is actually very nice , you insert the key into his back fin , and a big grey , nicely detailed blade slides out of the fin.this little guy is a very nice figure , worth the money , and i highly reccommend him to any transformers fan
 I had quite a few Transformer toys in my youth , but this is my very first Decepticon -LRB- seriously -RRB- . And what a Decepticon it is!First , Undermine 's beast mode is in the form of a spinosaurus , so Hasbro decided to mold the spine onto the robot 's head . That and the molding on the face is a nice break from all the Optimus/Megatron heads all Transformers are subjected to.Undermine 's transformation is simple but clever , making the dino 's legs fully posable instead of just folding them on the back or something . This makes for some great lower-body articulation . And the spine on the head barely weighs the toy down in robot mode . Also , the dino head and neck both split apart to make the arms ; the drawback to this is that the hands will wear out with excessive use . You can also yank off the tail to straighten into a long mace.But what about the Cyber Planet Key feature ? Just push the key into the back of Undermine 's spine to reveal a hidden ramming blade and give other toys a headbutt they 'll never forget!So if your kid 's into dinosaurs and robots , this toy should be right up his alley .
 i think undermine is great he reminds me of cruelock from energon and kindof like the geno breaker from zoids with the hornblade accessory and he has very nice shades of green and i like the mace tail all in all an A + toy
 Undermine is awsome ! He has great colors and a great mold . I dont like it that people hate him because his robot head . I actually think its cool because hasbro did something different than your average robot head .
 This toy is really cool.I dont have it but my friend Jacob does he showed me all its features.It has great details.If you are a transformers fan this is the perfect toy.I give it an A + .
 Undermine has such beutiful color , transformation , and has great detail ! He 's way better than that dumb and stupid ARMORHIDE !!!!
 This joke box is so funny . There are a lot of jokes , and we never get tired of hearing them . Some jokes are for a mature crowd . There is also a button to press for just sounds , and a repeat button for your favorites . My favorite is a song ... `` mommy mommy , bring me a roll , of toilet paper to wipe my butt hole , I 'm sitting here in gaseous vapor , somebody finished up the toilet paper , hehehehe '' . We 've all be there , have n't we ?
 These are great to have on hand -- when your baby is really little , it is a great little cozy to have in the infant carrier that wo n't drag on the groung and get dirty . When they turn into toddlers , I 've found that it is the `` minky blankie '' that loves to get carried around :-RRB- ! It is just a small snuggly little thing .
 The only treat my cats will eat ... they come running when they hear the bag open . My daughter eats them too!Just Kidding !
 I like Armorhide because he has a hook . It turns into a gun . And I like him because the window of his truck opens up . He is really easy to transform too . And you can open up the front of him and there are cannons inside . I recommend it for other kids .
 Wow . I do n't even know where to begin . I wrote a review for Clocker a while back convincing myself that that was as good as the basics -LRB- scout class -RRB- were going to get . Then I bought Armorhide . So since I ca n't yell at the top of my lungs about how great I think this guy is and because I hate when people yell through excessive caps , I 'll just have to try and break this down calmly.First of all , vehicle mode . Out of all of the Earth based Autobots this series , Armorhide actually looks like an Earth vehicle . He 's a big rig and while at a smaller scale than a big rig should be when compared to other bots of the same vehicular class -LRB- Optimus being a `` fire truck '' dwarfs this guy -RRB- the resemblance is quite uncanny excusing fine details . As such I 'd like to see a Mega/Voyager class version of this mold , but I digress ; The size does not detract at all . Playability in this mode is supplied by his weapon and the cyber planet key . His rifle attaches to the rear where a trailer would attach to form a towing hook . Inserting the Cyber Planet key in the rear of the cab unveils a secret cache of non-firing -LRB- insert imagination and make them fire yourself -RRB- missiles from behind the grill of the cab . Also this happens to be the first of the basics that actually has a place to store the Key other than the key 's slot . In this case , the key is stored on the side of the towing hook/rifle but it does look a little awkward in terms of displaying . All things considered , there is some excellent play and display value in this mode.Secondly , transformation and robot mode . This is where I really , really , reeeeaaaalllly start to like this toy . As far as Transformers , I 'm a huge fan of intuitive , deceptively simple transformations that start with an excellent vehicle -LRB- beast/whatever -RRB- mode and end in an exquiste robot that you could n't even have imagined emerging from said vehicle mode . Armorhide delivers this in excess . After a simple transformation you are left with a very possable , tough looking robot . This primarily blue , white and gray color schemed little guy is ball jointed at the neck enabling him to look up , left and right -LRB- down , not so much due to his chest being in the way -RRB- , arms can move 360 degrees at ball jointed shoulder but movement from the shoulder outward is limited . Fortunatly part of transformation mechanism can be used to simulate outward shoulder movement well enough . He is ball jointed at the elbows and can move 360 there as well . He 's ball jointed at the hips for forward , back and out movement -LRB- he can do the splits -RRB- and can move his lower leg back and forward at the knee . A note on the knee joint . It 's a little loose from the get go but not horribly so -LRB- still stays in place/supports poses -RRB- . The only thing lacking in terms of poseability would be him turning at the waist but you wo n't miss it too much.Aesthetically , the toy delievers . Vehicle mode has already been covered as far as it 's representation of an actual vehicle . It is primarily colored classic blue in this mode -LRB- lending itself well to an autobot -RRB- and in robot mode . The latter mode 's appearance represents the character 's bio superbly . He 's a short , stocky , little scrapper who looks like he can really hand it to decepticons . Holding his rifle with one hand and positioning his other against his hip makes for a tough looking pose which is how I like to pose him . Inserting the Cyber Planet Key in to his back unveils the same cache of missiles from his chest although now you can pull of some cool poses with this feature.Now for what I 'll call the G1 factor . This will refer to how the designers insert G1 homages in current toys in the form of aesthetics . In the case of Armorhide , personally , I see a noticable resemblance to Generation 1 's Ironhide -LRB- the cartoon representation btw -RRB- and Ultra Magnus . As far as Ultra Magnus the only real resemblance is in the color scheme and slightly in vehicle mode . However , aside from slight change in name , the head sculpt looks like a moderized version of Ironhide 's . It has virtually the same helmet and facial apperance . Even the character 's bio -LRB- and secondary online bio -RRB- describes a personality very similar to Ironhide 's rough yet easy going nature . I can almost hear him asking , `` When are we gon na bust some deceptichops ? '' I 've kinda taken to calling him `` Ironhide Jr. '' The toy could also lend itself to some great remold/recolor ideas . With a simple color change we could have a convincing Ironhide basic -LRB- too cool ! -RRB- . One new head sculpt and the addition of trailer and you have yourself a basic sized Optimus Prime , Ultra Magnus , Scourge or Motormaster !! AHHHHHHHH !!!! Okay I 'll settle down . Time to wrap up . Vehicle mode
 Armorhide was a very hard Transformer to transform the first time . Then I figured out that you need to turn the arms . That was the part that I was stuck on . He is a very good quality toy . He is one of the best scouts that I ever had . The arms break off sometimes , but they can be snapped right back on .
 Bought this for my son who has a notable transformer addiction , as well as autism . He LOVES it .
 He is the coolest scout robot there is on the Earth Planet . His cool 80 's Engine Semi Cab mode is back in town ! But no offence for Scattorshot and his robot mode , so leave it to me !!
 `` I like Landmine . He is one of the best Transformers . He 's easy to transform and has a cool tornado thing that flips up . I highly recommend this toy . '' This review was written by my seven-year old . He is an expert when it comes to Transformers !
 I am a 6 year old boy and I think that my Landmine is totally awesome !!! Landmine , I think , is the best , because , if he does break , it snaps right back in . The part that broke was the leg . Landmine 's skill is 3 . I think he is the best Transformer that I have .
 This toy is very fun . When first purchased it is a little hard to transform but gets much easier as you play with it . His cyborkey power is n't what I had hoped but it is still very fun .
 My son received the Little Hands , My Sticker Art for Christmas a few years ago . He was 4 at the time and loved making the pictures . It has four frames and four different pictures to make . The one thing I did n't like was that the stickers kept falling off after we hung the pictures up . So I went ahead and put clear contact paper over the finished pictures . The pictures are still hanging up and our youngest loves to take them down and look at them -LRB- he ca n't hurt them or take the stickers off and stick them in his mouth , because they are laminated ... -RRB-
 My 2 1 \ 2 year old son received this for Christmas.It has been a great fine motor skill activity . It is very easy to set up.It comes with 4 different scenes , and a sheet of stickers to go with each scene.The scene and matching sticker sheet are in a packet together so it is so easy to just open up one set , set it up and do the activity together.I agree with a previous review , the stickers did not stick well for my son , the edges really peel up.At his age that makes him then want to peel them off . But he does really enjoy making the project so that is tolerable to me.There are PLENTY of stickers for each scene as well . Very colorful and vibrant stickers often way more than are needed for each scene , kind of a bonus IMO.The scene is a lightweight cardboard \ tagboard material , making it more durable for the little hands to not bend or crease.the plastis frames are fun as well and just a simple inlay to attack the finished works of art . Complete with an area to write your little Artist 's name and date.I wish there was more sets of these . I would buy them again , and would reccomend them for gifts for young kids .
 This box is composed of 4 base sheets of designed cards , 4 frames and 4 sheets of plenty of stickers . The idea is for the child to decorate each card however they wish with the stickers and then frame them . The stickers can be tricky to peel off for younger children , but no complaints - great product .
 My 3-year-old daughter received this as a birthday present and has loved it . She is a sticker fanatic , so I knew the moment she opened it the gift would be a hit . I think she enjoys the creative freedom to choose where each sticker is going to be placed on the pre-printed background scenes . She also seems to enjoy framing her `` art '' with the frames provided . My only complaint is there are n't enough stickers and backgrounds in the box . We ran out of pages pretty quickly , but we enjoyed it while it lasted .
 My 3-year old and 5-year old grandkids got a kick out of this craft set . It 's nice that they packaged them as individual sets so everything does n't get all mixed up . Maybe pricey for what you get , but it 's perfect for their ages and for them to do with minimal help .
 I purchased this toy more than a year ago -LRB- my 12 year old daughter remembers the exact date
 Override is a very unique transformer . She comes with a gold outlined speed planet key , which designates her as the leader of Speed planet.Vehicle Mode
 Override is a female Cybertron Transformer that changes from robot to a sleek , futuristic vehicle . She is the leader of the Speed Planet and one of the fastest transformers on the ground . She converts from vehicle mode to robot with the Cyberton Speed Key and the key also is used in vehicle mode to unlock her shock blasters . The vehicle mode is has a very aero-dynamic look and I like the color scheme of Override . She is one of the more Anime-looking transformers . The transforming difficulty is about low to medium .
 I love the toy and it works perfectly.Thank youChris
 If you are a Brittany Murphy fan , you def should get this and the color version as well . They do n't make these anymore and on top of that , this is the only Brittany Murphy Bertolotti figure I have ever seen -LRB- please correct me if I 'm wrong because I 'd love to get any others out there -RRB- . I wish there was a bigger more elaborate figure but being this is the only one and the sculpt is perfect , what more can I say ? There 's no real articulation , but the arm , wrist , elbow and head move . It 's not really good at standing up either but if you like her , these are all minor complaints . The one , the only and once theyre gone , that 's it . For now though , there 's plenty out there still at a reasonable price .
 These cards are well-made and fun to use , especially for fans of the show . Each card is different and fully illustrated . Some images were created for use in calendars , promotions , etc. , and others are based on scenes from the show . As long as the children are old enough to use playing cards -LRB- the box recommends age 7 and up -RRB- , durability should not be a problem . Although none of the images on the cards are gory , parents should be advised that a few are mildly violent , and that the animation on which this toy is based contains mature themes and is not appropriate for children under the age of fourteen .
 My daughter who loves Full Metal Alchemist thinks these are AMAZING ! Far better than most of the other Anime themed playing cards.All the cards have different scenes -LRB- instead of the same character or scene for each Ace , King , Queen , etc. -RRB- And she was willing to play card games with the rest of the family just for the opportunity to look at the art on each card . -LRB- Can I give it 6 stars ? -RRB-
 FMA fans will surely enjoy these cards ! Each card has a different picture of the FMA characters . Enjoy goldfish , speed , poker , and more games with these cards
 5 starts because it was in perfect conditions and everything was better than I thought . I told all my friends about it as well !
 I have absolutly nothing to do when im standing in line at conventions so i whip these out and theyre immediately a want !
 loved it ! cam in right on time and all of the cards had a different picture so now it is awesome to play card with my friends
 This product is exactly what you think . A deck of playing cards with FMA
 the cards are great for if I want to play poker or something and it is the size of a regular deck thanks
 These Card 's Look Really Cool.And I Just Like Fullmetal Alchemist.The Animation On The Cards Are Vary Good.I Hope The 's Review Help 's
 Thundercracker 's so cool I love the way how Thundercracker looks like the G1 Thundercracker and Thundercracker is cooler than Starscream!I like the point that Thundercracker is not Starscream 's second form like he was in Armada ! Thundercracker is better off being a different Transformers than being copied by Starscream !
 The Thundercracker toy has been getting a bad reputation , but there 's really nothing wrong with him . His jet mode is a cool look , and unlike other people I think the robot mode is pretty nice looking as well . I needed a bad guy for my `` good '' transformers to fight , so I bought this Decepticon . I play with this bad boy every day and he has not broken ONCE . That is probably because I do not throw my toys at walls.His only weak points are the flimsy rubber wings and missles . also , his HUGE cannon arm does not stay in place to well . His Earth Cyberkey power is basicly useless in robot form , since you can fire the missle even when the key has n't opened it . In jet mode , it makes Thundercracker even more awesome since when the key is put in , the cannon pops out of the top of the jet and can even shoot VERTICALLY , a function which I think is so he can fly under other jets and blast them from underneath.In summary , Thundercracker is awesome . His Pros in Robot are : awesome poses and huge sword/cannon/shield . His Cons in Robot are
 This is my 3rd review so i 'll make it good . The transformation is a bit frustrating because you 'll think you have it all right until you notice a piece not just right . The reason I rated the educational value a 3 is because it will teach you some engineering skills.Now onto the body . The legs
 As I read other reviews I feel Cybertron 's incarnation of Thundercracker is a bit misunderstood.I think we can all agree jet mode rocks so that 's great . In robot mode , yes he 's skinny , or should I say agile ? I mean , not every transformer will have the same diet rich in hamburgers , so to me it is a plus that Thundercracker is not fat.About the toy being fragile , I do n't know . I bought it for display at my desk , but I do transform it quite a lot and have n't broken it nor it shows any wear whatsoever . About the arms , and this is why I think it 's misunderstod , the are odd but they work , his left arm -LRB- the one with the big cannon -RRB- is kept from falling and getting out of place by sticking the shoulder in the gap formed by the back and chest parts of the fusselage -LRB- a step not detailed in the manual -RRB- . This also keeps the fore body from swinging when handled by the wings . The other arm is just fine with no problems that I could find.I agree that he lacks a little meat between the chest an the back in robot mode , but you can still get great poses , as said earlier , by making the cannon double as a shield.In fact I was little surprised to find complains about the figure , particularly because I decided to buy a second Thundercacker to keep at home.If you have it , make the most of it , if not , then give it a shot ! mine gets good reactions at the office.Cheers !
 Red Alert was a great Armada figure , and now is a great , if smaller , Cybertron figure . In a smart move by Hasbro and Takara to emphasize the progress from Armada to Energon to Cybertron , Red Alert still very much resembles his former design of a few years ago , but is not an exact copy . Like his Armada version , he comes with removable tools which can be attached to one of his hands . These are less than an inch in length and should be considered if buying this toy for young children . His Key activated guns are so fast they seemingly flash out of nowhere . Chunky , stocky , colorful , and very durable for play , excepting the removable tools . One of the best Deluxe figures in this current line .
 At long last , no-nonsense medic Red Alert -LRB- or as owners of his earlier toy call him , `` RED a LURT ! WOO WOO WOO '' -RRB- returns to the Transformers.In vehicle mode , Red Alert is a rescue SUV , similar to his previous incarnation but a more streamlined version -LRB- he 's been identified by fans as a Dodge Magnum -RRB- . He 's very detailed , and overall he really does look like something you 'd see driving around your city . Sadly he has lost his sound effects and disc launcher , but he still has flip-out guns , now activated by piece of blue plastic called a `` Cyber Key '' or `` Force Chip '' . Red Alert transforms -LRB- in a new and interesting way -RRB- into a rather squat little robot that looks a heck of a lot like his Armada form . He still has the backpack , the doors on his arms , a gun -LRB- or medical tool -RRB- replacing his left hand , and the distinctive Robocop head . And the parts that are different are designed to be reminiscent , like the stripes on his hood that suggest the blue of his original legs , or the design on his chest that evokes the SUV front end that originally formed his torso . Does this mean he has n't evolved ? Of course not . Red Alert 's posability is generally a lot more useful , his tools are actually noticeably different , and he has any of a million other little differences that make him better . Even his shade of blue is slightly nicer than before . The one drawback is that the little flip-out guns from his Cyber Key are really unimpressive in this form.Red Alert is a much better version of what was already a very cool character . I 'd recommend him even for people who already have his Armada form . -LRB- Just to make sure nobody 's confused , this is NOT the same toy that was released in Transformers
 As a character , Red Alert is always been one of my favourites . In the cartoon series , he 's a very valued member of the team , acting as medic and general science guy . The transformation steps are a little complex for younger children , but given time can be easily mastered.Where this toy really excells is in its playability and educational value . Red Alert is missing a hand , from an old war injury . Though he has a physical handicap , he rises above it . In place of his hand , you can attach two different tools -LRB- hidden in his front engine compartment for storage -RRB- . So it 's fun , but sends a positive message .
 I think this toy is GREAT ! I am a GIRL and LOVE this show and toy . Its a little tricky to transform at first , but you will get the hang of it soon !
 For 10 bucks you get a great looking police car with an action feature that is pretty decent with the canons popping out at the sides . The transformation is challenging and fun , not overly complicated . It looks pretty great in robot mode too . This is a great one for this line along with Evac -LRB- the helicopter with working winch -RRB- and Downshift -LRB- 70s styled muscle car that is probably the best looking car in the series -RRB- , who Red Alert can chase on your display shelf or in your playtime .
 I have been very pleased with this kit . However I have not done any serious airplane modelling for 50 years , nor yet finished the model.Difficulty
 Although this is in the toy category , it is not a toy for children but for serious model builders . I do not recommend it for children .
 I was able to get the prism to refract light . I was really hoping it would . It was used for a science project . The light dose not quite come out like the typical image but this prism will work .
 Since my Granddaughter loves the little Beany Babies , we knew she would enjoy this one , but were so pleased to see that it has become a favorite . I think it is the adorable little face on this bear . Our granddaughter carries it around and cuddles it and loves to show us the flower in it 's hands . this is a very sweet and cute bear that will bring a smile from anyone . I am so pleased I went ahead and ordered this little bear .
 I ordered this toy for my son he is into Hotwheels and has been since he was 15 months old , he is now 8 . He is so proud of this car that he has n't done anything with it except carry it around . It is a beautiful car and seen to be very sturdy .
 My two girls aged five and three just received these dolls and love them . They have the fairy set as well and play with them all the time . The dolls are durable and come in a flower . Well worth the money .
 I like the fact that the set comes with two dolls not one . Their faces are a little odd and they have a little design on their forehead but those are my only complaints . I like their accesories and the flower they come in , but I am wondering if it can go under the water with the dolls . Over all they are very cute , but expensive . I just want to add that I am 12 and I still love my barbie dolls and I think that these whould be a nice addition to any girls collection .
 Umm , Hi . I 'm 11 and I love little toys . I 'm not that big of a Barbie fan , but these are pretty cute , also the pink and purple mermaid , the blue and pink faries , and the flower ones are cute . Sorry I ca n't be more help , but I do n't own these.-E
 I do n't know why this figure is so cheap . It is an awesome figure . Great detail . She comes with a bow and two arrows , and two shiny swords with sheaths . I put two arrows in her right hand and the bow in her left . I then took a small black rubber band and strapped the swords to her back in X fashion . You can put the swords and sheaths in the straps she has on either hip however this will make the figure quite wide front to back . She `` sort-of '' stands on her own . I have her leaning against a couple other black and white Sin City figures . Beautiful figure ! Great at this price !
 I have loved Transformers since childhood . I could go on for days about how happy I am with the last two American incarnations Energon & Cybertron and the Collector 's Alternator Series -LRB- I collect Japanese transformers as well -RRB- , but this review is about Snarl so on to it.Snarl is my favorite Jungle Planet TF from the Cybertron series . The mold for this bot is very different from most beast-style TFs as the front legs of the wolf mode fold up and lock together inside the torso actually giving the torso bulk . I also like that Snarl 's mold is a non-symmetrical or non-traditional robot ; in that the wolf 's head is his right hand . With the front legs hiding inside the torso the only real nod , in robot mode , to its alternate wolf form is the wolf head right hand , unlike many other beast-style TFs with useless animal limbs hanging out on their backs.For those of you inflicted with children
 hi my name is morgan bakeri want to have snarl at my momsi would like that if you would do itthank you for your patincesincerlymorgan baker
 We got this and some of the other colors of these little dolls for my almost 6yr daughter -LRB- the fairy-girl -RRB- . She loves them , the dolls are about the same size as a polly doll but fairies with there own little flower house . She uses them by themselves or with many of her other toys -LRB- full sized Barbies , Pollys and even my little pony -RRB- . Well made , colorful , and the cloths go on and off easy . She has liked this toy so much that it is now one of her fav . to give friends for birthday presents .
 I 'm 12 and I love fairees very much and when i got these i was sooo excited.They are great and because the accesories are so small you can put them in the flower petal so they wont get lost.I have lil ' bratz and have them as their friends and wear their clothes . They are 1 cenimeter taller than them or less.It helps with imagination , they are mega cute , and they dont break easy so overall i give them 5 stars out of 5 !!
 i was out shopping well over a year ago and i saw the fairies and the mermaids . i bought them on sight . my 4 year old daughter absolutley LOVES these dolls . i had to go get her the rest of the collections . the mermaids have proved a bit more durable than the fairies but she still plays with them everyday .
 My daughter got a set of these dolls when she was 3 1/2 and lost them at a friend 's . She was so devastated that we had to buy them again for her 4th birthday . The dolls are darling and an easy size to play with . They do have a few small accessories if you 're child eats toys .
 My wife just HAD to add these to her collection but was unable to find them at a reasonable price anywhere -LRB- including ebay -RRB- and was so excited to find them on Amazon.com . She is VERY happy with the quality and appearance of these dolls and their wonderful accessories !
 These petite little fairies are very sweet and ideal for the little `` fairy fan '' in your life !! They store nicely by sitting them inside the flower blossom seat provided and they travel nicely if your little one enjoys taking a special toy along on errands or doctor visits . The wee accessory items included seem unnecessary , impossible to store and are more of a nuisance than anything ~ the dolls with flower blossom seem like a complete and enjoyable toy .
 My 5 year old daughter loves Barbies , fairies , etc , so this seemed right for her . Within 10 minutes tho ' , one of the fairies ' legs had broken right off , and is n't really fixable . She was not being rough with it , so I believe it is a manufacturing glitch . She still likes it and plays with it .
 I 'm getting this toy soon from a relitive . I sent her a picture of it to the relitive of it in its package which I had to get off google image . It would be nice if you showed the toys in their package . thankyou
 My son -LRB- age 7 -RRB- loves this toy . It fits together with four or five others to make a big transformer but can also be played with independently .
 Although the scale may be off this one gives you the Classic combo with the New look and can be displayed once opened . As I mention in my review of the Parent -LRB- Bull -RRB- V-Rex , it 's lame collapsing action feature prevents it from standing once removed from it 's supportive packaging
 yes , im also the one who had written the review fo r the roaring kong , and the skull island , wich are both wonderful toys . And here is wut i have to say about this one . it is a great figure set . it includes the v rex , kong figure , and an exclusive ann darrow figure , in wich kong can carry her , wich is a great affect . Kong is awasome as slams the jaws of the ravenous little pest , v rex . you can have so many great adventures and more as you play as kong to deffend ann against the bone crunching monster ! do you have what it takes to save the day ?!
 I would say this is the best of the kong figures witch include double figures because the baby V rex does not fall apart and his head doesn , t twist about like hes spasticated or something cause he is like crazy hes like HELLO !!!!!! plus even when you wind up the lone V rex figure he still fals apart plus the natives are like in a punch mode and the non native is like falling down like hes about to be eaten but back to this one kong is sort of fun to mess around with but the baby is maybe to stiff so I give the kong 7/10 and the juvinile 4/10
 I got this toy for Valentine 's Day , and enjoy it very much.First I will discuss the Kong figure and Ann mini-figure . KongProslooks coolvery durablefive points of articulation
 i am not at all disappointed with this toy ! i love the detail and the scars on the figures that show their brutal past battles . kong , like in the video game , has the ability to rip the v-rex 's jaw open . there is also an ann darrow figure that fits inside the jaw . my only dissapointment is that the v-rex figure isnt as big as it seemed in the box . i guess thats why they call it `` juvenille '' , huh ?
 i bought this figure at my local wal mart and i discoverd the v-rex figure in this pack is green but even thoe is is green also included some small human figures and of course kong one of the arms suck on this toy becuse when you use the jaw terring action the right arm is always bent up wards over all 5 stars i still recomend it it is no bad figure
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!These King Kong figures are amazing ! The sculpting is superb ! With decent amounts of articulation ! The action features all work great . The Juvenile V-rex is an excellent figure ! Though I am not a fan of the jaw ripping in monster movies such as in various King Kong movies , Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla -LRB- 1974 -RRB- etc. but the feature is pulled off perfectly ! If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure pack today !
 Good size , nice detail and flexible enough for a variety of poses.if u remove the head you will find a cute kitten inside : -RRB- Looks good next to ur game \ DVD collection .
 For its price , it 's a great deal . It 's about 6 inches tall . The movement capabilities -LRB- the box states 16 point of articulation , and they do n't lie . Very versatile -RRB- are very good , useful for many poses . It 's very detailed . It has interchangeable hands -LRB- fist/open hands -RRB- it 's got a cute little kitten -LRB- as seen on tv -RRB- and it 's chest plate comes off to reveal the blood seal within . Pretty neat .
 This came in perfect condition and at a great price I really was a fan of Brittany Murphy so it was a great loss to the entertainment world and this is an awesome way to remember her performance !!
 Got this doll for the neighbor girl because she loved playing with my daughter 's Groovy Girls . She loved it ! The outfit was super cute and it was a big hit .
 I bought this for my daughter 's birthday . I thought that she was out of the stage of playing with dolls so much , but she is even sleeping with her Groovy Girls .
 While she 's not quite as attractive as her photo , and I might not have made this purchase had I seen the actual product in the box ahead of time , Miho 's figure on my HP tower does seem stunningly assertive , and she seems as ready to protect her new turf as she does in the film and the comic books . And I think she 's going to stay right there for a while.Ok , so her arms do n't have quite the flexibility -LRB- no elbow angles -RRB- you might want , especially given how good she looks with both swords , and her coattails fell off on the right side when I added the sheaths ... but a couple of minutes and a little crazy glue later and she was ready to rock & roll.Also , there does n't seem to be a good way for her to hold the bow , but you can change wrist positions for slightly different cutting angles.My main criticism is that her hair is purposefully brown , which is absurd and I 'm not sure I understand why . I can see the appeal of making a color version of what is essentially a black and white character , but making her a brunette seems as mean as making her a blond . I do n't think `` deadly little Miho '' would like it , so I 'm making arrangements to have her hair `` restored '' to its original glorious black .
 I gave this gift to our friend 's 7 and 9 yo 's and they LOVED it . They took it right out of the box and started copying the art on the cover of the box with no problem . With a little help from Mom , they were full of body art in NO time and looked great .
 In this kingkong figure packet kong fights a fercious Pirhana.This figure pack is awsome kong can grip the pirhana and punch it .
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!These King Kong figures are amazing ! The sculpting is suberb ! With decent amounts of articulation ! The action features all work great . If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure pack today !
 LOVED it , totally fantastic and definitely a good buy , make a good purchase with this one and you 'll be pleased
 This was one of the things my youngest granddaughter asked for , for Christmas . She loved it . It was so soft and came with a little white poodle . Who can resist a ` baby ' anything ? Helped her to know that the ` baby ' needed care .
 The action feature works and the figures will stand even when combined as pictured
 i have recently purchased the skull island playset , and several others , all very great toys , this figure set is amazing ! Kong and these bat like creatures , can have so many adventures and more as you control kong to punch and bash the terapusmordax . I think this is a very great figure pack for all ages because there is nothing little ones could choke on , and both figures are very durable , -LRB- not easily broken -RRB- . I give this set 5 stars for great entertaiment and durabilaty . bad grammar , sorry . .
 i love this toy sooooooo much!the giant bat dudes are my favorite of all the monsters !! they are very cool and they come in twos in the packages . they do not break easily . i even hung the bats up from the ceiling with fishing wire and made kong `` battle '' them .
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!These King Kong figures are amazing ! The sculpting is superb ! With decent amounts of articulation ! The action features all work great . If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure pack today !
 These are very cute , although they mostly just bend at the waist so they do n't do much . The small pieces will just get lost and you ca n't relly use them anyway so I would suggest just throwing them away with the packaging . The tops come off and get lost very easy becasue they 're so small and it 's a little weird to see small topless mermaids around the house . However , all that aside they 're very cute and my daughters love them . They have both mermaid sets and the little fairies too .
 The first thing that I noticed that I did n't like about the mermaid set was the tiny accessories . They are extremely cute and a good idea for a child 's imagination , but they are just so small that within the first day they were lost . My daughter has never been good about saving any of the accessories with any of her toys , and I have never been good about finding them . I almost wish I would have just left them attached -LRB- especially after the trying time we had just to get the accessories pulled off -RRB- . Second , the little halter tops that both fairies wear are removable . As usual , my daughter pulled them off immediately and they are lost as well . This would be fine if the mermaids were n't so small , but now the little cloth halter tops are lost somewhere in one of the toy boxes -LRB- or somewhere else -RRB- . However , aside from those minor annoyances this really is a wonderful set . The pixie flower is extremely sturdy and it almost impossible to bend or break . And as tiny as these mermaids are , they are sturdy as well . As small as their little arms and fins are , these are two strong little mermaids . My daughter absolutely loves the mermaids and plays with them continuously . Every night they are put in their pixie flower , and greeted every morning . They also make a cute decoration , as the flower sits perfectly by itself . I would suggest though -LRB- if you want to keep the accessories -RRB- that parents keep a close eyes on all the tiny brushes , bottles , and mirrors . They can and will be lost by most young children.The mermaids and flower still look new to this day and considering how much time and enjoyment my daughter has had with the mermaids , this was definitely $ 9.99 well spent . Although I can not recommend some of the other Fairytopia fairies and mermaids , this one is a winner .
 These are so cute . I personally like the purple one better . But thats only because of the pink one 's hair do . I like to make it known that I am very soon to be 13 in my reveiws so that people know that some people never outgrow barbie . Any ways I really like these dolls even if thay are a bit expensive . I only have one complaint and that is , they have a little design on their forehead . Well thats all I hope this helped .
 These little mermaids are SO adorable ! They are the perfect gift . I have a set and my sister does , too . I am 10 yrs old and she is 14 so that shows you are never too old for Barbie !
 I got my 4 yr old the Elina , Dahilia and two sets of pixie dolls -LRB- 1 fairy & 1 mermaid -RRB- . She absolutely LOVES them ! She carries them around and plays mommy and baby fairies with them . We braided their hair -LRB- pony tails for the big dolls -RRB- and the hair has not gotten ratty . I recomend this set for any little girl who needs babies for her fairyies and mermaids . Not very educational , but they do prompt role playing and imagination .
 I bought 2 sets of these for my 5 year old daughter . She really loves them , and uses them mostly in the bathtub . Durable toy and has cute details .
 ilove these litle pixies . perfect for any gift.thanks for readingp.s iwrote the reviw about the my scene vespa sctoor
 My girls love these type of toys . They seem to be quality and hold up well to their abuse .
 My 9 yrs old niece LOVE this set ! So adorable ! Even I loved it too !
 ilove these litle pixies . perfect for any gift.thanks for readingp.s iwrote the reviw about the my scene vespa sctoor
 I am the father of 3 boys and they love the Magic School Bus books and show . This led to each of them asking for one of the kits on their birthdays and then all of them descending on the kits once they were opened . We love them and have had so much fun with them . They had a blast trying to decide what to `` swab '' to test for bacteria . It was one of the funnier things that they have done . My wife and I were laughing so hard -LRB- you can only imagine what 3 boys 6-11 would think was a good idea to test !!!! -RRB- . As much as the shows and the books have gotten my kids excited about science and the natural world , these kits -LRB- the human body , the mystery of rainbows and the world of germs -RRB- have done even more . They love working on them . We think that these are a great family activity and would recommend them highly !!!
 This product is excellent . I got it for my 4yr old daughter not sure what to expect . Made very very well . Well thought out product with creative experiments ; not the typical non-applicable ones . The creative idea sided with it ; The Magic School Bus was also a hit as my daughter loves those books . We tried all the experiments and they all worked flawlessly . She , even at 4 , was able to do them on her own and even keep the log of daily changes . She is learning a lot and has a strong desire to do more of these . Making the petri dishes was even surprisingly easy for me . The tools and accessories that come with the kit are made well and the directions are very clear . The information that comes along in the creatively written booklet are also very developmentally appropriate for younger kids in the age range that the product specifies for . Gives lots of interesting info to go with each experiment . We will be buying more of these kits .
 This past year for first grade science I purchased three of the Magic School Bus Science Kits to use alongside the Magic School Bus books , chapter books and television episodes to teach science . At first my 7 y.o. balked at the idea of studying `` germs '' but when I combined this science kit with Bill Nye 's `` Big Book of Germs '' we took a wild ride into the land of micro organisms which lasted for 4 weeks . I would highly recommend this product to parents/teachers to engage your students in the world of science .
 I teach a small group of home schoolers aged 5-8 based on these kits and this kit got rave reviews . Kids loved doing the `` Cleanest Toes '' experiment and we turned it into a contest . I used 4 kits for 12 kids and they were able to share with few extras being purchased -LRB- from the grocery store -RRB- . I combined it with the `` Journey Into the Human Body '' kit for the semester . We watched `` Inside Ralphie '' which is about germs and the human body to tie it all together.The only downside was that there are n't many experiments that produce immediate results . Most of them take an hour or days , considering you 're growing germs . It would n't be fun for a child under 5 . Note
 Bought this for my 7 year old nephew for Christmas . He LOVED it . Needs adult supervision . But a great thing to do together . Fun way to learn without feeling like you are shoving education down their throats . : -RRB-
 I purchased this set specifically to swab for bacteria . I was leading a training class at work about illness and sick time and thought it would be a great activity to swab some of the most frequently touched locations in the office . The activity was a huge hit and the results of our swabs were surprising ! This is a great kit for kids , young and old !
 I had just gotten this within 4 business days from paying for it . Which I thought was really fast because it came before the expected delivery date . I say if your a huge Naruto fan who loves both the good and bad guys . This item is worth to buy . It 's a good toy to put on your dresser or bookself .
 This kong figure is the bomb.i like the way u can make thevenastosaurus collapse , by using kongs arms.the venastosauruskind of looks like the velocirartors from jurassic park.i love t-his figure . i recomend it for ages 7-13 to play with.this awesome figure gets 5 stars from me !
 Anyway , my review consists with on , 2 syllabled word : AWESOME !! Moving on , the Venatosaurus is really cool and detailed.For all you nay-sayers out there
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!These King Kong figures are amazing ! The sculpting is suberb ! With decent amounts of articulation ! the action features all work great . If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure pack today !
 Works great , pretty fun and I dont have any complaints . I like the touch screen and the interface is easy to see and use .
 I have two grandaughters , ages 4 and 5 , and I am so relieved to finally find a barbie doll that fits their age bracket . Very cute best friends that still have that innocent little girl quality . Both of my grandaughters loved them .
 I recently saw this product at a Toysrus store and thought it was so cute ! So I told my parents about it . They then checked this product out and bought it for me . I played with it all day long . I still play with it all the time ! It is so fun to dress them up in different clothes and make them go ice skating . The pets are so adorable to ! You should really buy this product for a gift for the holidays ! It will be the best present to enjoy ! You ca n't beat the great prices at Walmart ! Better go and get them before they 're sold out for the holidays ! You wo n't be dissapointed !
 Each doll has her own accessories , including a cute little puppy . The carrying cases are each in a different color -LRB- this one is blue -RRB- , and that makes it easy keep track of who has what , and is great to store and tote the dolls around . Also a good place to for the accessories if you have a dog who thinks all plastic items are his to chew up.The little girls I know that received one of these sets as a gift at Christmas were more than a little excited . Each doll is named , well made , and a delight to play with . The parents thought these were excellent bargains too.Since I love dolls , I really enjoyed playing with both of my little friends -LRB- ages 4 and 6 -RRB- at Christmas . The dolls in all three sets are the same , but different because of what they are doing -- parting , dancing , or ice skating . How about some hot chocolate on a frosty morning -- even that is included.This is a wonderful set and the price ca n't be beat .
 I love these Wee 3 Friends . A much better alternative to Barbie . These dolls bring a smile to my daughters face and I do n't have to worry about her wanting high healed shoes ! The legs bend and the faces show a much more young , happy look . Your child will love them . I believe these are new and there are not a lot of clothes options yet . But I think they will be making more .
 this toy is sooooo fun . i play with it every day . it is fun and so nice . its a great item any girl will enjoy
 Wow ! I am getting this for Christmas . . I already have Wee 3 friends `` Fun , fun , fun '' But i REALLY want this set ! I think this would be fun for the moutains . . Love it ! Wee need more from `` Wee 3 friends '' !! I am also hoping for `` Happy Family '' Merc . . Barbies are soo much better now than in the 50 's . . Thats what my mom says . . I 'm twelve .
 This would be a wonderful set to take on the road to the moutains in the winter time . I am going to buy these soon , because i love they 're clothes and cool accessories !! I am going to take them on a cool ski trip - It 's gon na be so fun taking my dolls with me !!!!! I love wee 3 friends ! I think the size of them is a nice change cause i have 3 original Stacies and i think that the origional ones are too small . One of my original Stacies head broke off , so i put it in the toilet and flushed it down there , and it when down with no problems . But with these dolls you cant flush them down the toilet cause theyre too big ! Thats good . and they are durable and so cute too !
 These are beutiful dolls for the holiday season ... also , very fun to take on the road ... these would make a child happy at Christmas time and all through the year !!!
 I bought these beautiful dolls today - for myself , and I absolutley adore them . They have beautiful little faces and lovely clothes . The accesories are sweet , too . I have 5 Bratz dolls already so I thought I would have a change . I saw these and fell in love with them . I 'm getting the next set soon , Dance Dance , Dance .
 These dolls are the best thing ever . What I want to know is , how can people NOT like these dolls ? I mean , yeah , they DO have -LRB- ... -RRB- and curves , but so what ? So do I , and I 'm only 11 . Okay , whoever would buy Bratz or My Scene instead of Wee 3 Friends is mentally challenged . YOU KNOW WHAT BRATZ REPRESENTS ???????? That it 's good to be a bad girl . HELLO ! These dolls are ANOREXIC ! And My Scene just plain shows sexuality . Wee 3 Friends shows how great it is to be a kid ! Do you want your lil ' girl to be thinking about boys 24/7 ? BUY WEE 3 FRIENDS !!!!!!!!!!!!
 A product of very good quality and finish , a true copy of the movie character , a very good collectible item for fans of the films and comics , good packaging and easy storage and excibicion .
 This is by far our families most favourite game . If we have game parties it is always out on one of the tables . We love it !
 Masquerade Madness Barbie is REALLY pretty !!!!! She -LRB- to me -RRB- is the prettiest Masquerade doll !!!!! I highly recomend this Butterfly Punk Barbie 4 ALL myscene and butterfly lovers !!!!! She has extra long hair with a honey golden touch !!!!! Her face is even prettier in real life than you see on here . Her extra outfit is ADORABLE and her headband is too !!! For all you late christmas shoppers if your lookin 4 a myscene doll choose her !!!! GO BUTTERFLY PUNK BARBIE !!!!!!
 I am 11 and love my scene dolls , i like bratz too but i think my scene dolls are more realistic -LRB- and more fun ! -RRB- This is one of my favourite dolls and i think she is the best barbie so far . Her hair is a beutiful golden blonde and she comes with loads of things . I would n't say this doll is educational but i think DVD is , i think that this is the most beutiful doll in the masquerade madness collection and anyone who is thinking of buying should buy her straight away because she is GREAT , FANTASTIC AND ... FUN !
 Well a previous review said this toy was boring and was too expensive . If you have an imagination then your fun is endless . As for price , this is a special edition doll with elaborate clothing , AND you get a DVD movie . A doll AND a dvd , -LRB- ... -RRB- thats a bargain .
 This is the best Barbie so far , I have her among Hangin ' Out Nolee , '' '' Bryant , Getting ready Chelsea , Getting ready Kenzie -LRB- which is the most gorgeous my scene doll of them all -RRB- , Night on the town Mads and Sutton , Jammin in Jamaica Hudson , and JIJ Delancey . I also have the Guava Gulch lounge , so I know what I 'm talking about when I say this doll is one of the best !
 This doll was for my daughter who is 4 she loves the my scene dolls and just had to have this one so she could have the second DVD with them she choose this one because she didnt already have barbie and loves the butterfly wings . She really is pretty and a good deal because you get a barbie and a dvd !!
 What 's wrong with you Bratz fans ?! My Scene blows Bratz away !!! Here are some reasons why .1 . Bratz are VERY ugly ! 2 . They have big lips ! 3 . There BORING !!!! 4 . Thev ' e also got Bug eyes!I do n't want to be mean though .
 Thats what i saw on the My Scene website
 My 2 1/2 year old loves fashion dolls . She 's loved them since she was 1 year old , we just make sure to remove all of the tiny pieces before giving it to her . This doll is her new favorite . The butterfly wings are attached to elastic and slip over the dolls arms . She comes with a little dog , an extra outfit , purse , cell phone , mask and accessories for her purse . I have n't watched the DVD since my daughter is a lil too young for it -LRB- she loves Elmo and Dora movies -RRB- . The thing I love best about this doll are her eyelashes . They are real hair attached above her eye for that ultra sexy cat eye look . She 's really cute . I do like Bratz dolls better for the simple reason that their hair is brushable . Try brushing hair on any Barbie and you 'll just end up with a mess . The My Scene line has hair that 's a bit more manageable but not by much . This is a very adorable doll but it 's not worth full price . Buy it on sale and when your kids attention moves to the next cute doll you wo n't feel so bad .
 Very pretty doll , I gave several of these to kids aged 5 to 11 in the past few months and they all loved this doll . The DVD was a little childish but then again this is supposed to be for kids : -RRB- This makes a great gift ! -LRB- And to the kids fighting about Bratz/My Scene , it really looks like your moms should be spending money on tutors instead of dolls . -RRB-
 She has the `` Stylish '' but Classy Look to her . Which is just like Trish for all of your WWE FANS out there but the Shoes especially remind me of a pair of Stilletos . She is So Cute and a doll to put on DISPLAY or you can play with it like me !!
 The first thing I have to say is that this Barbie doll rocks , her hair looks pretty , but if you try to brush it , it 'll come all over the place . I wanted this doll because I thought she is one of the prettiest MyScene dollls I have ever seen , wich is true and I still think.Unfortunatly you ca n't give 4 and a half stars , that 's the amount of stars she deserves.Anyway the outfit she wears is great but the other outfit sucks .
 i 'm not a barbie fan but i love this barbie i 'm gon na get her and the rest of the mascarade madness girls really soon.i love her golden hair and her pretty clothes.i have a dvd player too so i cant wait for the dvd.mascarade madness is the best !
 i 'm not a barbie fan but i love this barbie i 'm gon na get her and the rest of the mascarade madness girls really soon.i love her golden hair and her pretty clothes.i have a dvd player too so i cant wait for the dvd.mascarade madness is the best !
 i 'm not a barbie fan but i love this barbie i 'm gon na get her and the rest of the mascarade madness girls really soon.i love her golden hair and her pretty clothes.i have a dvd player too so i cant wait for the dvd.mascarade madness is the best !
 Hey!Yes Iam still a myscene fan thankyou.And do n't think about bringing stupid diva stars into this.Theyre not even dolls , theyrejust mindless shopping robots!And did it ever occur to you that bratz copied diva starz?Ynow bid head stupid body syndrome?besides do you hate myscenes because they are made so much nicer than bratz and diva stars?And I dont care what your mum thinks , Myscene are better than Bratz.Your mums probably just sayin that so that stop ur whinging!So do you still Bratz and Diva Sluts I mean Stars after all that ? = ^ -RRB-
 YOU GUYS ARE SO STUPID ! OKAY , SO I 'M 16 BUT HEY , THIS AS A DOLL YOUR FIGHTING ABOUT !! And 1 . this doll is not ugly but if you think so , then why do n't you go look at the worlds most PRETTIEST DOLLS !! ANYWAYZ IF YOU WANT TO FIGHT OVER SOMETHING , FIGHT OVER SOMETHING LIKE , I DUNNO ! NOTHING !! JUST STOP FIGHTING AND SHUT UP !!
 I do n't have this doll but i think it 's cool.i also like bratz and i 'm tired of everybody fighting.You are not 3 years old people .
 All of you Bratz fans need to get over your hang-ups about MyScenes . You will continue to enjoy your big headed , big lipped , artificial footed Bratz . Barbie came off the line in 1959 , they came well before any of the others ! The MyScenes were a spin off of Barbie and include a Barbie . Get over it girls . It sounds like the mean comments that are made in a public school when one child is jealous of another or what they wear , they only wish they could have it ! Get over it already !!!!
 ok people are being really stupid . pepole are just writing howbratz are better . my sence is better . my scence are copiecats.mattel stinks . peploe do n't come to the rewivew pages to here thing like that . im 9 but i here pepole older than isaying stupied things like that . peploe come to the rewviewpages to here about the doll . if you like my scene go to the my scene play with my scene if you like bratz play with bratz if you like both play with both . dolls are for playing not arguring . thanks for reading .
 I liked the toy its cool , but I did not see the movie yet.My scene in Jamaica was great because of Barbie and River with the romance.I Liked the Bratz movie.I hope the My scene new movie has more of Barbie and River like Cloe and Cameron in Bratz the movie.See Ya !
 Wow . My sis got Chelsey , and I was disappointed at first , but now I understand what mattel was doing ! I would definitely buy Barbie , if I was n't already saving up for something else . We watched to video , and I was disappointed they did n't add a Delacey doll . If there was Delancey , I would go ahead and buy her .
 Everyone keeps going on about how my scene copied bratz . . yeh i agree BUT bratz also copied someone aswell ... Blythe , search for them and you will see how much they are alike ... so why dont you all SHUT UP and let people enjoy dolls ... I like both my scene and bratz !!!!!!!
 this doll is gorgeous . -LRB- the pic is ugly but she is soooo pretty in real life -RRB- she is not ugly like people are saying . she is beautiful , lovely and classy . I have her , she is durable , and has the most beautiful golden blonde hair.I recomend my scene fans to buy her .
 Is is me or does this My Scene Barbie have some resemblence to Mariah Carey with the feathered hair , butterfly wings , and the boots ? LOL ! Anyway , I just Love the My Scene Dolls ! Maybe more than my daughter but she enjoys them -LRB- and the movies of course -RRB- so this is a winner in our book . I just wish there was a way to buy some of them without the DVD because she wants more than one . Maybe next time they market the dolls with a DVD they can also sell -LRB- for a limited time -RRB- a set of all of them and the DVD , more pricey I know , some of us whose girls like to play out these movies would probably splurge around christmas time .
 I am in love with this doll . My sister is going to get it so make sure if your child wants this get it with Masquerade madness Chelsea ! I think the price is a great price I love bratz to ! I adore both ! buy this toy NUMBER 1
 I really like this doll , and it 's the only one I need to complete my Masquerade Madness collection . Here 's `` where I stand '' , if you will
 i 'm not a barbie fan but i love this barbie i 'm gon na get her and the rest of the mascarade madness girls really soon.i love her golden hair and her pretty clothes.i have a dvd player too so i cant wait for the dvd.mascarade madness is the best !
 My 8 year old is having a lot of fun with this toy although she needs to bat my 3 year old away whenever she pulls it out because of all of the small parts included with this toy .
 You guys are probably all older than me , and you still fight like little babies !! We are supposed to be reviewing this doll . If you want to say how great Bratz dolls are , review one ! Besides , to change a Bratz shoe you have to take off their foot lol . You are wasting people 's time . They want to buy a My Scene doll and are seeing this one 's reviews and they see
 Jade , you rock!Everyone stop fighting and wasting time!Instead go out and buy the dolls you want to buy!Of course they are all copying eachother!My scene , bratz , diva starz , they just want you to buy their products!I love myscene AND bratz and I think that all you people who spend all your time slagging off other people should go outside and get a social life ! MATTEL AND MGA ROCK MY WORLD , YOU DONT . -LRB- ps this doll is so great!very durable and a good price too -RRB-
 the doll and box were in good condition , securely packed.My daughter plays with it every day
 I 've bought this doll for my 5 year old daughter who loved it , the clothes are so nice ! And the butterfly wings are beautiful . The eyelashes are great ! She had a great fun with it .
 I just wanted to write this review to inform everyone on something . I am 12 years old and i love collecting ALL kinds of dolls . They are all beautiful but you have to understand something - - Barbie IS 1 # . She will always be in the hearts of millions on girls , world - wide ... . Bratz , nor My Scene could ever take Barbie 's place . Bratz are good , but Barbie will always be better than Bratz , or My Scene ... . Barbie IS number one ... . She is always going to be the best . Bratz can try as hard as they want , as well as my scene , but they will never meet up to Barbie standards ...
 I really think this is a cool doll ! she is pretty and comes with loads of cool and entertaining acessories . And to make it better it comes with a free DVD ! I think this one is gon na sell !
 People like diferent things , so why critiz them about it ? THIS IS A MY SCENE REVIEW SO LEAVE BRATZ OUT OF IT , its meant for saying if you like this my scene doll or not . So dont conphere cause you 're just wasting time . Oh yeah let me ask ya , how did you get to write the review ? Because I got through to amazon by the my scene website . Its a little pop up on the my scene web site . So if you like bratz why are you on the my scene web site ?
 Now , why is there a fight here ? Who cares if you think bratz are much better than myscene ? We 're not supposed to say things like this ! We 're supposed to review Butterfly Punk Barbie ! Any questions ? Oh , and have you ever heard the saying , ` If you do n't have something nice to say , do n't say anything at all ? ' We have to act like that here on Amazon . Sorry if I hurt your feelings and I really did n't mean to , but please-STOP THE FIGHTING !
 I really like this doll ! It 's very lovely ! Her golden hair is so pretty and I love butterflies . I need to get this doll and then I 'll almost have all of the Masquerade Madness colection . I really do n't mean to brag but here are the ones I already have
 I have this doll she comea with :2 tops2bottomsdvdmask -LRB- etc -RRB- I have another masqurade dollsee the nolee review
 This doll is so cool !!!! She is amazing to play with and I love her !!!!!!!!!!!!
 In the picture this doll doens ' t look ugly but hideous.I am 11 years old and have about 45 bratz dolls , I use to hate My Scene , but know looking at them closely I prefer My Scene that bratz now , I feel pretty ashamed that I bought so much bratz , but not my scene.I am collecting My Scene now , I do n't hate bratz , but I do n't like them as much as I used , too.Anyways , for all you people who write bad things about My Scence , opinions could change.On to my review this doll is gorgeous , she is very pretty.Her clothes are cute.I would recomend this doll alot , although her hair could get ruined easily .
 O my gosh she is very beautiful.OH ! and her cute little pup so cute!I love her hair , wings , clothes.Except the wings are just like paper!Mattel good job I love it keep up the good work !!!! ; -RRB-
 the girl that said that my scene dolls are ugly is wrong bratz dolls are not the only dolls to get how dare you say that my scene are 100 % better so there !!!!!! take that !!!!!!
 hello readers ok what i am going to say is that i do n't like the people that say bad things about my scene and then say that bratz are better they could write a review on the page for a bratz doll because why do you mean people say mean things about my scene when nobody cares about it there still going to by the doll they do n't care about what you say and the people do n't know you !!! ok that 's what i was going to say i mean i like bratz too ! but do n't say bad things about my scene when nobody cares . love the 105 % my scene lover and the 100 % bratz lover
 I luv this doll 's hair . It 's so smooth ! My only complain : Her braclet broke the first time I took it of.Thank god that there were 2 !
 This is it , whether you like it or not . STOP THE ARGUMENT STOP STOP STOP SHUT UP YOUR THOUGHTS !!!!!!!!!!!! Sorry if I upset you . I have written several reviews on Bratz and MyScene dolls telling you to stop the fight and you did n't ! You know what the people who fight are ? They are selfish brats just like the dolls . I was thinking about buying Masquerade Madness Butterfly Punk Barbie doll and WHAT THE ... I saw all these , Myscene ... bratz ... copied ... bad doll ... buy this one , not this one , blah blah blah excetra . And also , MyScene could n't have copied Barbie and DivaStarz those dolls were made by Mattel along with MyScene so those people should get UP TO DATE WITH THE DOLL INFO GALS 'cause I bet you do n't even know if Barbie loves pink or brown better PINK OF COURSE because you do n't know.About the Bratz thing
 You know that i seen the best of friends beat each other up because of dolls .
 OK first of all this is NOT meant to be mean but c'mon bratz fans , just cool it , ok ? NOBODY should be critiziced about their opinions !!! You have your opinons and other people have theirs ! And my scene people same thing ! So just cool it and leave each other alone please ? I 'm a fan of both dolls , and I read people 's reveiws to find out if I should buy the doll or not , other than reasons like ' I hate bratz dolls ' or ' I hate my scene dolls ' ! Now about the doll I think she looks awesome and I REALLY want her ! She 's on my wishlist for sure ! But that 's my opinion and I do n't wan na be hassled about it !
 What little/big girl does n't love to play dress up just like this Barbie . Since dress up is a part of growing up , Masquerade Madness Barbie is a good role model doll for any little/big girl .
 You say somebody is bad because they like my scene . I do n't really like my scene that much it 's just that I like them better than bratz . And to that girl who says I am a my scene slave , you write cruel and hurtful things . You almost made me consider suicide , they were that mean . You act like you want to kill every single my scene fan . Please , Amazon is a place for opinions , not insults .
 Okay , first , let me get a few minor things straight here . Evidently , a lot of you find the My Scene dolls as you quote , `` stupid '' and you also say the Bratz dolls are much better . Yes , you do have the right to state your opinions and views on both -- the pros AND cons . What I do n't understand is why you abuse the amazon.com review system and use it only to bash OTHER people 's opinions . Also , I find it funny that these reviews even get posted because your reviews have little to do with the real subject -- the My Scene DOLLS -LRB- hello !!! -RRB- . Instead , you go and criticize everyone else 's views.Aside from all that , I personally find the My Scene dolls to be great . When I was younger and had thousands -LRB- literally -RRB- of the original Barbie dolls , I was always disappointed with the clothes . Now , I 'm so glad that Mattel has put out a line of dolls that introduces girls to today 's fashion . In my opinion , I find the My Scene dolls to be much more attractive than the collagen-filled features and feet-less bodies of the Bratz . But as I stated before , this is just MY opinion . The My Scene dolls are probably more age-appropriate for girls 6/7 and up . Their clothes are not THAT revealing -LRB- just a belly-button now and then -RRB- , while Bratz clothes are rather um , sleazy if you take a longer glance . All in all , I believe My Scene to be excellent . I 've collected almost all of the different series and hope to expand my collection.All I ask is that you do your research before you little girls go out and bash . And remember , that 's just MY opinion .
 I have this doll and I love it ! She looks great when displayed right next to Masquerade Madness Chelsea -LRB- which I have also -RRB- . The entire Masquerade Madness is the best my scene collection ever . I have the Butterfly punk , Mermaid Diva , and the Dream Genie , they are simply the best dolls ever !!! I love my scene ! I give Mattel the award of `` best idea '' and `` best made dolls '' which are my scene !! Go my scene , go my scene !!!!!
 The first thing I have to say is that this Barbie doll rocks , her hair looks pretty , but if you try to brush it , it 'll come all over the place . I wanted this doll because I thought she is one of the prettiest MyScene dollls I have ever seen , wich is true and I still think.Unfortunatly you ca n't give 4 and a half stars , that 's the amount of stars she deserves.Anyway the outfit she wears is great but the other outfit sucks .
 hi this is to the people that wrote the title 's of there review just posers . and read this . i am sorry but just let go of the fighting . because i know the people wrote mean thing 's about my scene and said they had nothing to bratz . just stop the fighting please . i like my scene and maybe you like bratz . but that dose n't mean you have to say bratz are better when nobody said any bad thing 's about bratz . i am the person that wrote the rewiew rude mean people . and i am sorry sorry if it was mean.but can we please stop the fighting . since there just doll 's . no big deal right ? and it 's after the holiday 's . so please stop.thank youlove rosalie a my scene lover
 I got this doll for Christmas and I love it ! I love her hair -LRB- the curls in front are still there but not in the back -RRB- . Her alternative outfit rocks too ! And a message to the fighters -LRB- that includes me ! -RRB- you are too dang old to play with dolls period ! Come on you 're in HIGH SCHOOL ! 16 , focus on getting a car ! And 15 and 14 find a boyfriend or something but do n't play with dolls ! Oh , I 'm 12 by the way but at least I 'm in 7th grade not 10th ! My Scene in , Bratz OUT !
 I am in love with this doll . My sister is going to get it so make sure if your child wants this get it with Masquerade madness Chelsea ! I think the price is a great price i love bratz to ! I adore both ! bye !
 this doll is gorgeous . -LRB- the pic is ugly but she is soooo pretty in real life -RRB- she is not ugly like people are saying . she is beautiful , lovely and classy . I have her , she is durable , and has the most beautiful golden blonde hair.I recomend my scene fans to buy her .
 I really like this toy . It 's pretty and fashionable . It has educational value because it teaches girls fashion , because they might want to be a fashion designer . Unlike Barbies and Bratz it 's a beautiful , glamourous toy and I would buy one quite quickly . I 'd give this doll 5 out of 5 stars because I just love them !
 bratz fan 's . my scene never copied bratz . and mattel made barbie and my scene . and mga only made li'l bratz and bratz . and mattel has been around longer than mga so my scene did n't do anything to bratz . first barbie came out as a doll 1959 . then diva star 's came out . in 2000 . and to twistedgurl58 . bratz came right after diva star 's . so bratz copied diva star 's . and my scene . did n't so my scene did n't do ANYTHING.DREAM ON BRATZ FAN 'S MY SCENE IS THE BESTlove rosalie A MY SCENE FAN !!!!!!!
 I AM 13 , I Personally Like My Scene Dolls.But Girl you Need A Spell Check.I Mean How Old are You And You Still Can not Spell Correctly !! If You Are Going To Write A Review CHECK YOUR SPELLINGCause People Who Spell There Words WrongIt Makes Them Look Stupid
 THESE DOLLS ARE BETTER THAN 4 EVER BEST FRIENDS . NOT THAT 4 EVER BEST FRIENDS ARE BAD . THEY ARE NICE BUT THESE U GET MORE ACCESSORIES AND DOLLS FOR THE SAME PRICE .
 I LOVE these dolls ! They are so cute ! I take ballet and the dolls look like real ballet dancers . I 'm in 7th grade you will LOOVE these dolls .
 This is the most beautiful `` Wee 3 friends '' dolls by far . Santa is going to bring them for me . I am very excited , because i am also a dancer.A + +
 Each doll has her own accessories , including a cute little puppy . The carrying cases are each in a different color -LRB- this one is pink -RRB- , and that makes it easy keep track of who has what , and is great to store and tote the dolls around . Also a good place to for the accessories if you have a dog who thinks all plastic items are his to chew up.The little girls I know that received one of these sets as a gift at Christmas were more than a little excited . Each doll is named , well made , and a delight to play with . -LRB- The parents thought these were excellent bargains too . -RRB- Since I love dolls , I really enjoyed playing with both of my little friends -LRB- ages 4 and 6 -RRB- at Christmas . The dolls in all three sets are the same , but different because of what they are doing -- parting , dancing , or ice skating.These have their own cases to carry their dancing equipment around with them , wands , puppies , and brushes.This is an absolute hit !
 Please ... Bratz are collector dolls ? Let 's see where those ugly things are in a few years . The clearance aisle would be my guess . At least the Wee Three dolls are comparatively innocent-looking ... there are words for what the Bratz dolls look like that I 'm not allowed to say !
 I got these for my birthday and love playing dance with them , I just wish there were a way to get other clothes that would fit them too . All they can play is dance or swimming without other clothes to buy . Please make more clothes !
 Okay , I did n't even KNOW that the Wee 3 Friends were supposed to be 8 . I just imagined they were 11 . I dreamed up this whole thing . They live in Nova Scotia . They go to Cape Breton Middle School . Stacie 's family is Barbie , Skipper , herself , Kelly , Ashley , and Krissy . Their last name is Roberts . Their dad died when Kelly was three -LRB- she 's 6 now -RRB- . Their mom re-married a man named Stan Anderson and had Ashley and Krissy.Janet 's family is her mom and dad , Christie , and herself . Their last name is Davis.Lila 's family is her parents , herslef , and her twin Miranda . Their last name is Jenkins.Lila does n't go to Cape Breton Middle School . She goes to Cape Breton Junior High . But Miranda goes to Cape Breton Middle School with Stacie and Janet . They 're in the sixth grade . They all have crushes on seventh grade boys . Stacie 's crush is Mark , Janet 's crush is Josh , and Miranda 's crush is Ryan . There 's mean girls in the classroom . They are Julia Cumingz , Antoinette -LRB- Tonie -RRB- Dion , Belinda -LRB- Lindi -RRB- Sashway , Amarylis -LRB- Amy -RRB- Dion -LRB- Tonie 's cousin -RRB- , and Celine -LRB- Ceci -RRB- Blake . Only Lindi kinda quit . Tonie HATES Stacie , because they are practically identical ! Tonie also has a crush on Mark . Julia hates all of them . But they survive some how.P.S . When I imagine things , I am very thorough !
 I 've been looking for something for my Nieces -- my sister does not like the Bratz or My Scene because they do n't look innocent , if you know what I mean . The two sets I just got -- Dance Dance Dance and Snow Snow Snow are adorable ! These are so cute ! They look like they are 10 or 11 -- and sweet and innocent as they should be!Don ' t be surprised , these are larger than barbies . Their heads are a little bigger , like the bratz dolls . Anyway , I just love these ! I ca n't stop looking at them . -LRB- Even my little boys think they are adorable and ca n't wait to give them to their cousins -RRB- .
 Bratz , Barbie , move out ! There are some cool new kids on the block -LRB- even cooler than you BRATz -RRB- with no collagen injection in the lips , good age-appropriateness , twice as many accessories as Bratz , expressing good messages like friendship , and fun to play with.Here 's the real deal - you get three times the dolls for 1/2 of the price of the Bratz , and the dolls come with more accessories per doll than Bratz per box , they are age-appropriate , and durable . Do n't be fooled by the picture - I got one of these , and there are so many accessories , I think it 's a real bargian when you compare them to the Bratz or Barbie . Plus , having three times the dolls means three times the amount of friendship you can play between the dolls , more cultural diversity -LRB- though I wish they 'd put an Asian doll in ; that 's why I took away one star -RRB- and more adorable pets ! Do n't stuff these dolls into a toy car - they are n't meant to be ! Their bodies are more realistic than Barbie or Bratz , the fashions you can change bewteen the friends . As well , the shoes are bigger than for Barbie , but do n't twist off like for the Bratz . What did I like best about them ? EASY ! THEY AT LEAST HAVE REAL FEET ! It does n't matter if you lose a shoe , because you wo n't lose a foot , unlike in Bratz . And , unlike in Barbie , however , the shoes are n't likely to get lost , because they fit on very snugly . And they can be worn by each and every Wee Three Friends doll . As well , each doll , wearing shoes , or shoeless , will stand up on its own , a quality I am grateful for . This is because their feet are flat , like humans feet naturally are , and their feet are more realistic in shape and size than in either Barbie or Bratz -LRB- who do n't have any feet at all by the way ! -RRB- . I love the puppies that come with the dolls . There are three , and they are so CUTE , I treasure them above the even the dolls themsleves . I collect plastic dogs , and these are among the best in my collection yet ! The dolls ' hair is beautiful , and unlike with Barbie , is strong , and wo n't get tangled up so easily . I keep these dolls on a shelf , and I never play with them . I 'm thirteen , but I 've still got some kid in me hat I 'll never let go of , and I love these dolls .
 Peter Jackson 's new film is King Kong.Playmates toys has realeased a line for the film . I bought this kong because the package said it was superarticulated . That was true . The articulation is not great but good.I love the amazing detail on the figure.I havent seen the film -LRB- because it hasnt come out yet -RRB- , but ive seen the previews.This figure is really fun to play with.I have alot of dinosaur figures , so.Overall this is a great toy.If you like Kong or the movies or just monkeys , you will like this toy .
 This kong has alot of detail like , Battle scares , gripping hands and gripping feet.It comes with , A chain to help him to battle , it also comes with ann darrow .
 Playmates toys is the same company that makes the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles toys . In fact they started out making boys toys -LRB- action figures -RRB- with the original 1988 Ninja Turtle toy line . Since that year they 've always had one goal in mind , to make toys that children would actually want to PLAY with . All the way up until this year they have kept that same motto with all their action figures.It 's no surprise that the whole King Kong line is aimed towards children . Unfortunately after almost 20 years in the business they 've become too set in their ways to truly evolve as a company . The rest of the action figures in the King Kong line are poorly designed toys that most children will probably become bored or upset with . Many of the other figures feature fall apart action which is basically another way of saying this toy is supposed to break and suck.So if you want to get a King Kong action figure for your child this Christmas look no further . Gripping Kong is the DEFINITIVE Kong of the toy line , the most detailed , and the most fun to play with . It reads superposeable on the package , meaning it can be put into a lot of different action poses and increases the imagination of your child rather than giving them some formulaic action feature that works once and gets stale.This is also the King Kong collectors will want to look for , meaning it will be harder to find than the other Kong figures.With many King Kong variation figures in this line , it 's hard to figure out which is the best . Well the scores speak for themselves . Grab this one and leave the rest on the store shelves .
 This is so coooooooollllll ! It is great for your collection . I 'm a big horror fan and love this . He comes with 3 cool accessories . Ann Darrow , and a bug called the weta rex , and a vine to swing on . This is one of the best kongs I have . The others are kong vs fish thing , kong vs dinoasur , furry kong t rex , and bugs of kong . He can hold on to lots of things and it only cost 9 dollars so get yours today .
 Another in the line that is n't ruined once the package is opened
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!This King Kong and Weta-Rex figures are amazing ! The sculpting is superb ! With decent amounts of articulation ! The action features all work great . If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure pack today !
 This `` White Diamonds '' edition is a welcome edition to the ONLY set of dolls that Elizabeth Taylor has added her signature to ! From the flowing gown , down to the shoes , and most important , the violet color of Liz 's eyes are brought to life in this collector 's edition from Barbie.Not meant as a child 's toy , but a true gem to the collector of the 3 piece Barbie set . If you have either the Cleopatra or Father of The Bride doll ... then this will complete the only set of Elizabeth Taylor dolls that any person should own - she is the greatest Hollywood Icon alive to this day ! The first woman to get 1 million for a movie , and the ultimate star of the tabloids and cinema !
 Thank you so much for this Beautiful Elizabeth Taylor Doll . She arrived safely today . I could n't be more happier . She is just lovely . . even more when looking at the doll in person . I have been looking all over for this doll , and finally found one at reasonable price . She will fit right in with my growing collection of Celebrity dolls .
 i bought this in a store near the cosmetic counter selling the white diamonds perfume . i love it . i would n't sell this collector barbie .
 I bought this doll to add to my own collection . Not a toy . It is a beautiful doll .
 We found this toy outside in our backyard . It was in pristine condition . Not sure how it got there , we took it into our homes and into our hearts . Polar bear 's informative sound bytes provided some much needed knowledge about our closest biological relative , the polar bear.My only complaint about this product is that it does not provide all the useful facts about polar bears that someone might be interested in : - Polar bears turn completely invisible by the time they reach the age of 6.-Polar bears are capable of outrunning the space shuttle.-Polar bears do n't actually sleep , they 're just resting their eyes-When threatened , a polar bear 's primary defense mechanism is to fart loudly.Overall , we love this toy and foresee it being a big part of our life for many years to come .
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!This King Kong figures is amazing ! The sculpting is superb ! This is one terrifying and awesome looking creature ! With decent amounts of articulation ! The action features all work great . If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure pack today !
 This figure has 2 skull island natives 3 people you have to wind it up beacuse it is all wiggly and a comic book .
 Lame collapsing action present on this figure as well , but due to its greater length than hieght and squat appearence it still looks OK on display .
 This Chelsea has the most beautiful hair of any My Scene doll I 've ever seen ! It 's wavy and flows past her waist . The clothes are wonderful too . I like displaying Chelsea in her pinkish-purple/aqua halter top and fishtail skirt . It 's a beautiful outfit and she 's lovely to look at ! Overall , I really love the Masquerade Madness series , especially Kenzie , Delancey , and Chelsea . They 're all so cute and pretty !
 I thinkg ppl should stop being rude to any doll . if u dont lyke a doll then leave and go look at somthing eles . since this is a review FOR THE DOLLS i have to say i have a chels doll and i like her a lot . i have had her for a long time and i still lyke dressing her up and stuff lyke that . shes fun , stylish and when my friends come over we can play for hours so i recomend her to everyone.i have to golove , peace and happyness < 3 Michelle
 This doll was a great deal for the money , and is a great toy for a Barbie lover .
 Doll is very well made.The real eyelashes add a little something extra.A couple drawbacks are the small pieces the doll comes with , and the clothes seem to snag very easy .
 THIS CHELSEA DOLL IS BEAUTIFUL !!!!! I LOVE HER LONG WAVY REDDISH-BROWN HAIR . THIS IS ONE OF THE PRETTIER CHELSEA DOLLS I HAVE SEEN . I ALSO LOVE THE MERAMID OUTFIT . -LRB- TOO CUTE ! -RRB- EVEN HER CUTE LITTLE DOG HAS A LITTLE MERMAID FIN ON ! SO CUTE !!!!!!! THIS DOLL IS A MUST-BUY FOR ANY MY-SCENE COLLECTOR . I AM ADDING HER TO MY WISH LIST TOO ! 5 STARS !
 I got this doll last year and it is just gorgeous!Her hair is beautiful and the details on her clothes are just wow!Great doll !
 omg this is the best doll becuase it has real eyelashes and her clothes are really nice . she comes with a cute little pooch but its dressed in a mermaid costume that dos n't come off but its cute overall.i rate it 5 stars but its not educational just fun ! I have been wanting this doll 4 like ever and i got it ! her hair is alittle silky but at the botttom of her hair it gets sorta notty.the movie is awesome ! but its only 23 minitues.get this doll trust me you wont get bored of it!my scene rox !
 I 'm just writing a review for the movie , since I got this off -LSB- ... -RSB- with out the doll , Tho I would really LLLOOOVVVEEE to get all My Scene sets . Except for the date ones since they kinda look weird with smiles since they always had lips before and I got used to their classic face and the Miami ones since they are n't as pretty as all the other ones but I LOVE all My Scene . The movie is really good except I could n't figure out 1 thing ! They talked like Chelsea and Hudson had never gone out with each other ! There we at least 3 date sets for them -LRB- the dolls -RRB- so I do n't know where THAT came from ! They showed Kenzie but they did n't say a thing about her . It was funny tho ! Just in case you do n't know I used to be `` A 12 year old My Scene Fan '' But I turned 13 in June . So , girls NO MATTER HOW OLD YOU ARE , PLAY WITH TOYS IF YOU WANT ! I 'm still gon na ask for them ! Oh the educational thing is do n't assume , or tell secrets unless you have permission . Well got ta go ! PEACE to all the NUTBRAINS who fight about Bratz copying My Scene or the other way around because they 're made by the SAME company !
 I love Chelsea 's real eyelashes ! She is very pretty !!! I love her costume and her second outfit , too . Chelsea 's dog Churro is very cute . I love this toy and if you like my scene you should consider buying it . Chelsea is my favorite my scene and is the prettiest out of all the other dolls .
 Even if you came to my house and killed me -LRB- which is what you all want to do -RRB- . Even if you chopped my arm off . Even if they were ugly and slutty like you liars say they are.I like my scene . There 's nothing wrong with liking it . And if you doofuses say something cruel again , I will report you .
 I love this Chelsea doll even thought I do n't have her I am hoping to get her for my birthday . Her outfit is a cute mermaid style , her dog matches her in a cute way and I love her and makeup!And a note to all you people putting up rude things about My scene just shut up , and leave us alone ! And FYI the My Scene movie DID come out before the Bratz movie so who copied then ! Also My Scene DO N'T have freaky removable feet and PEG LEGS like messed up people ! And those who are saying My Scene are bad role models look at the Bratz ! They are MUCH skinner then My Scene , so do n't say My Scene are too skinny look at Bratz ! -LRB- I like one bratz doll Jade thought -RRB-
 Jade , you rock!Everyone stop fighting and wasting time!Instead go out and buy the dolls you want to buy!Of course they are all copying eachother!My scene , bratz , diva starz , they just want you to buy their products!I love myscene AND bratz and I think that all you people who spend all your time slagging off other people should go outside and get a social life ! MATTEL AND MGA ROCK MY WORLD , YOU DONT . -LRB- ps this doll is so great!very durable and a good price too -RRB-
 i dont know why people keep on saying that the bratz dolls are better than my scene . THEY ARE MADE BY THE SAME COMPANY !!!! Anyway bratz dolls are over my scene is taking over . People have to get over the bratz dolls , who cares if they look alike its the new generation . People have to face the truth and deal with it . PEACE
 what if we like bratz and myscene !??????????????? i do !!!!! chelsea is sooooo fab ! i have her ! i collect Masquerade Madness dollls and flash back fever bratz dolls !!!!!
 To all Bratz lovers out there , Id just like to say ... ??? WHY DO U LOVE SUCH GROSS DOLLS ??????!!!!!!!!!!! Ahem sorry ... anyways this is the best -LRB- ok one of the best -RRB- dolls ever made ! I LOVE KENZIE DOLLS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this chelsea looks very pretty on the pic but if you look at the 2nd pic you will see how she really looks , her eyes look too big and her clothes are not as nice.i bought this doll and was disapointed as i dont think she is very pretty .
 My Scenes are so fetch ! I love My Scene . To all the Bratz fans here , if you dont like My Scene , then dont bash them here ! Just to make it even ... Brats is so totally yuck . They are ugly , and they have disproportioned feet , heads , lips , eyes , etc. . They wear such skimpy clothes , which are more skimpy than My Scene . My Scene clothes arent skimpy , they are stylish and cute ! And the bratz boys have muscles ????? Arent they meant to be 11 year olds ?? Something has gone wrong in the production line . This toy is soooooooo fun . I love the outfit , and the dvd is so fetch ! Bratz copied My Scene movies , as pointed out by a previous reviewer . I dont like Bratz that much . My Scene is so totally better than Bratz . Buy this toy for immense purchasing satisfaction , and fun . !!!! Bratz have such skinny bodies , which dont convey a good image to young children susceptible to pressures of weight . My Scene gives off positive images , and are almost role models . They have style , something that Bratz totally lacks !!! . So buy this totally fetch doll for Christmas . I am buying all of them , as i collect them . Bye Bye fellow My Scene fans ! And go away you Bratz fans
 im relly sixteen im a collector of fashion and sassy doll 's love my scene and bratz because they are the most beauitful doll 's and there movie 's are funny i think the dvd is educatinoal because nolee hlep it chelsea with her math problem it kinda hlep me too and i love the song `` live '' but i only have barbie and chelsea and delancey madison i have alot of bratz then my scene but i like i said i love both mga and mattle keep up the good work and hope some day the doll war will end
 THIS IS AN AMAZING AND BEAUTIFULL DOLL . HER HAIR IS THE GREATEST EVER . MY DAUGHTER IS 7 YEARS OLD AND LOVES THAT DOLL AND ALSO THE OTHER MY SCENE DOLLS . THE BOYS ARE ALSO GREAT.SHE DOESNT LIKE BRAZT DOLL BECAUSE IN HER OPINION THEY ARE NOT HALF AS BEAUTIFULL AS NY SCENE , EVEN HOUGH THE ACCESSORIES ARE NICE .
 its a great doll for girls
 I think that the movie should have been a longer . They should have made Delancey and Kenzie . The costumes were beautiful and they through Chelsea a 16th bithday was nice . The pack was too expensive , and Madison 's party pad could have been a little more interesting . They could have made it more interesting in the movie and in the dolls .
 THIS DOLL IS GREAT ! I am a Bratz and My Scene fan . Bratz are funky dolls and My Scene dolls are classy . So do n't be hating on Bratz or My Scene !
 I hate bratz I hate because they are a brat!I hate bratz because they are fatheads!I hate anyone who even likes a bratz , because i considerthemselves one too.They thimk the are popular but theyare acually showoffs . I only like my scene becausethey are wonderful . That 's why they are fatheads !!!!!!!
 Stop talking like babies . blah blah copied blah blah bratz blah blah this . I do n't mind if you say you do n't care for this doll but what I do mind is stop saying people copied !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also , I have to tell you , both kinds of dolls look a little freaky . And I do not know why , but listen
 ok , look , the kid who wrote the stupid ` bratz are way better review is just a complete moran ! all of us my scene fans probably dissagree with that moran 's review , because it 's just wrong to screw people just because they like someting that other people do n't . i 'll put it in perspective with that moran : not to be so mockingly rude !!!!!! now , if you wan na act like that ... . do n't hurt other people 's feelings , moran !!!! as for us my scene fans
 I love My Scene and Chelsea is my favorite.I have loved mermaids since I was 3 and this is soooo great.I was really excited when I found out about this.This is a great toy !
 Hi my name is raven -LRB- well duh -RRB- and i like myscene and bratz . stop all this stuff on how bratz copied myscene , PLease !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ok the might have , but 4 crying out loud , they r all made by manttel . anywy i luv ths doll and so cute
 My Scene 's are so stylish and cute ! I really like the second outfit that came with the doll . She 's beautiful , and so are all the other ones . And if you are looking for Kenzie , there IS a Kenzie.I saw her for myself . I forget what she looks like though cause i was in a hurry and trying to find something else.Anyways , Happy holidays everyone !
 Mermaid Diva Chelsea is soo cute ! She is quite pretty . I just LOVE her clothes ! So cute ! I agree . . Both Bratz and My Scene are GREAT !! Bratz is funky and My Scene is classy . Chelsea 's clothes are really pretty ! I LOVE the whole Mermaid Diva idea for Chelsea . I am Chelsea and Nolee 's number one fan . I am also Sasha and Jade 's number one fan for Bratz . I really do like both types of dolls , they are soo cute , but to the person that thinks My Scene is so `` Fetch '' and said not to bash the My Scene , she was bashing the Bratz the whole time !!
 To ` Melenchonie pixie ' ... -LRB- did i spell that right ? -RRB- I read your review and I totally agreed!Kenzie is my fave myscene and Chelsea is really cool!People . . buy this doll !!! And as for you , bratz lover girl , what are you thinking?Bratz are importionated tarts with no feet ! -LRB- sorry to all u bratz luverz out there , but I dont appreciate my dolls being slagged off ! -RRB- And you said that delancey stole Yasmins mole?Well bratz stole the idea of having a movie!Besides the myscene movies are better than the bratz one anyway !
 The Masquerade Madness line is wonderful , but in my opinion Chelsea is the best looking doll in the whole series . Her outfit is just amazing . If real-world designers could come with a design like that , it would revolutionize the fashion industry . Of course My Scene dolls are not that educational , they 're toys , but from a designer 's perspective , you can learn a lot!Here is one reason why My Scene teaches better morals than Bratz . In the Masquerade Madness movie , Chelsea is managing a fashion show to raise money to help a local animal shelter . How selfless is she ? Have any of the Bratz dolls done anything unselfish ? Not to my knowledge ! All the costumes in the movie and on the actual dolls were designed by Chelsea ! What a hard-working , selfless girl . That 's the kind of thing teen girls need to be inspired by.Anyway , Chelsea 's costume is fabulous . She reminds me a bit of the Aphrodite Barbie , but is far less expensive . The colors of her clothing and accessories blend seemlessly together , and her rooted eyelashes and makeup make her look so beautiful . Her hair is wonderfully wavy . Plus her little chihuahua is very cute as a mer-dog . Since Mattel does n't sell My Scene dolls in the US any more , any serious collector should get their hands on this doll before they are all gone . Chelsea is the best looking doll in the Masquerade Madness line , and one of the greatest My Scene dolls ever produced ! She is a definite must-have .
 This really is a pretty doll . I love her hair but to tell you the truthe she really does n't look like a mermaid . I 'm not very fond of her outfit but it 's not hideous or anything . I wish that it did n't come with the DVD because the movie is kind of stupid . I like the dolls but the My scene girls are kind of superficial . All they really care about is shopping and hooking up with some cute boy . I mean , do you think Madison would like Ellis if he was -LSB- ... -RSB- ugly ? Probably not . Where do they get all the money for clothes ? It 's not like they have jobs or anything , so they probably mooch off their parents . Still this really is a fun toy and anyone who likes Chelsea should get it .
 This doll is one of my favorites . She gets 3 stars for education because her outfit shows a lot , but she could show a lot more dressing as a mermaid . She does n't look anything like this picture , she is much more beautiful and her dog looks different too . If you want real pictures of My Scene dolls please visit www.tasha420x.com/myscene.html You will love this doll if you buy her . The movie is less than 30 minutes long , but it is a pretty good movie .
 OK . i am a myscene and bratz fan . i luv them both and always will . i see peoples reviews posted `` Bratz are soo sluty '' and `` Myscene soooo copied Bratz '' . Blahblahblah ! Give it up . you guys will never prove who is better . it is your opinion . mine is that both are great . ok . just stop.sarah
 I do n't have this doll but I wanted to correct `` Nix the movie '' Chelsea has a job ! she sells her creations at the flea market ! that 's how they got the money for the Jamaica trip ! I do n't have this doll but know people to do and they say she is wonderful ! and I have Madison and the DVD has a wonderful message : A. Never be afraid to ask for helpB . Never stack to many thing 's on your plate -LRB- because one of them might not get done ! -RRB- C. Never be afraid to admit you have a problemd . Lying leads to MADNESS !!! Thank you
 ok , for all of you saying they SHOULD MAKE a delancey and a KENZIE ... THEY DO !!!!! LOOK AROUND !! go to EBAY and u will see MORE THAN enOUGH of KENZIE and DELANCEY . my only let down for these maskerade ones -LRB- i have all 4 , doubles of chelsea and barbie -RRB- is that theyr EYES are too small ! smaller than all the other my scenes !! and mattel shouldnt put PROMO pix in their descriptions !! i ordered chelsea thinking i would get the doll in the promo pic with the more rainbowy skirt ruffle , and PRETTIER face , but OFCOURSE they release the less pretty - but NOT ugly - version ; -LRB-
 I got tired of reading reveiws for this doll because I could not learn any thing about it besides bratz lovers hate this doll , and she has real eyelashes . This doll does look preaty but not one of my favorites . I love her make-up and the glow in the dark feature is nice . Her costume looks the same in person as it does in the picture . I am a myscene fan , occasinal bratz liker , but am not a big fan of real eyelashes but i like this doll.P.S . the war between bratz and my scene is redicutlus and is like politics , and I doubt it will ever end , or either doll will be discountiued . Myscene came out with the movie first and sold it with the doll for a total of $ 20 . Bratz sold there movie alone for $ 20 if you are comopairing prices . I did n't care for either in my epinion.Myscene copied BarbieBratz copied Diva StarsShorties copied BratzBratz did come first , Bratz in the summer 2002 , Myscene in the fall 2002 , but I havent seen a very good reseblence in either to say myscene copied bratz or bratz copied myscene . So I fine it inaccurate to jujde either doll by a mole or hair colourings to say anyone copied anyone . The Masquerade Madness dolls hair is a litte less durable -LRB- gets knotted up more -RRB- , but is very silky .
 everyone stop fighting!My Scene did not copy Bratz because My Scene dolls are up-dated versions of Barbie dolls , so tecnically My Scene copied Barbie dolls.And if anybody copied anyone it would be Bratz be cause they copied Barbie dolls.Also for the peope who say Meagan = kenzie , Jade = Noelle , Yasmin = Delancy , and Cloe = barbie are just dumb . Just because kenzie has red hair and delancy has a mole doesnt mean any thing.other dolls could have red hair , its just a hair color.the Kim Possible dolls have red hair and she didnt copy bratz.Also Barbie did not copy Cloe because Barbie dolls have been around way longer than bratz.Now that that Ive said that , BOTH DOLLS HAVE GOOD THINGS ABOUT THEM AND THEY EACH ARE UNIQUE IN THEIR OWN WAYS.Bratz dolls go to cool places , have a really cool flashback series , and have some cool clothes.My Scene dolls have unique personalities and are always themselves , are REALLY good friends and have cool clothes.I am a my scene fan but I think Bratz are cool too , it doesnt matter which doll is the best because you are allowed to like whatever you want.Sometimes Bratz fans have to admit that some My Scene dolls are cool and sometimes you My Scene fans have to admit that some Bratz dolls are cool too .
 This doll , like ALL the other MM . dolls are absolutly GORGEOUS !!!!!! My mom just ordered me MM . Delancey and i ca n't wait 'till she gets here !!!!! I LOOOOOOOOVE the Masquerade Madness series . They are alot of fun , pretty , cool and * Stunning * !!!!! I am a fan of Bratz/My Scene !!!! I love My Scene !! myscene rocks !
 I Think Chelsia is very pretty . She is glamorous . I 'm starting a collection . She is more like my friend than me , but she has the best costume . She has luxorious , brown curly hair that falls down to her waist . On those lusious curls is a flower barrete . Her shirt has sparkly shells . She has a white jacket with fur at the edges and cuffs . A lovely green sparkly skirt with a belt attached covers her hips . The movie was really nice . The dog is really cute . She also comes with balloons , a party invatation , lipstick , a mask , and a handbag . I was really dissapointed there was no Masqurade Kenzie doll . All in all , I loved this toy . It 's one of the best toys I 've ever had !
 I saw this toy at the store and bought it because I thought that she was pretty . She is.Chelsea is dressed up ready to go to her suprise birthday party.She comes with a cute extra outfit , and her costume is nice.It is a skirt and a shirt with shell applicaes -LRB- please excuse my spelling -RRB- Her purse can even hold her accseories.The lipstick can even open up . The dog is half fish half dog , so when I play with her I like to pretend that it 's a really rare animal.she also comes with a DVD of her the My Scene movie Masquerade Madness.In it , she and her friends are going to be in a fashion show to support an animal shelter.Chealsea 's friends are also throwing her a suprise birthday party.It is a cute movie.I think that My Scene dolls are 100 % better than Bratz , but I wo n't go into that now.I think that this doll is a great toy for anyone who likes Barbies .
 NOT . Have you ever noticed how bratz totally copied my scene?Well funnily I have and here 's how it goes ... My scene - BratzBarbie blonde and pale - Chloe blonde and paleNolee long black hair - Jade long black hairMadison Tanned , brown hair - Sasha Tanned , brown hairKenzie Ginger hair , freckles - Meygan Ginger hair , frecklesChelsea long reddish brown hair - Dana long reddish brown hairDelancey mole on right cheek - Yasmin mole on right cheekAre my eyes decieving me or am I seeing a pattern ?
 i just wanted to say that my scene is 1 million timesBETTER than bratz , their clothes can be worn by otherbarbies and i bet bratz clothes CA N'T !
 I love this so much ! masquerade barbie and chelsea r cool We love my scene and bratz there so cool buy this toy ! make sure if your daugter wants this get it for her !!! I hope you love this toy to ! BUY THIS !!!!
 i LOVE this doll she is so pretty i dont like the mascorade madness dolls -LRB- ca n't spell -RRB- but she is loveley . she is educational too because it tells you you can be any age to have fun ! and bratz copied my sence because they had a movie first ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! best doll ever-mary p.s i wrote the rewiw about the vespa scotter with delanytitled it 's okay
 i LOVE this doll she is so pretty i dont like the mascorade madness dolls -LRB- ca n't spell -RRB- but she is loveley . she is educational too because it tells you you can be any age to have fun ! and bratz copied my sence because they had a movie first ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! best doll ever-mary p.s i wrote the rewiw about the vespa scotter with delanytitled it 's okay
 its a great doll for girls
 Hi everyone do you like Bratz dolls . I never had a My Scene doll I have to get one this doll looks soooooo cool !!!!!!!
 I think this toy is sooo wonderful . The My Scene girls are so durable ! They come with the cutest stuff , and provide people with alot of imagination . Bratz fans always come here just to make peoples feelings get hurt . Being mean to us does n't tell us who WE are . It tells who YOU are . You being that rude is just showing everyone how rude you can be . That 's not good . I think all my scene doll fans should stay on the my scene reviews , and all the bratz fans to stay on the bratz reviews . A war between dolls is stupid and pathetic.Please stop the war . That 's the last thing we need right now . Just everyone use your brain , and stop arguing and threating people over dolls . It 's horrible.ANYWAY , Overall this doll gets 5 stars . I love the concept of it .
 Oh , for goodness sake , Bratz fans!Just because you like Bratz does it mean you have to bash other dolls ? Maybe people just want to know how good the doll is ? They do n't want to hear you bashing their opinions!I personally do n't like Bratz.I LOVE EVERYTHING TO DO WITH BARBIE!I was sad to see Bratz getting as popular as Barbie but then ... Barbie got My Scene!Bratz copied Barbie . Without Barbie there would be no Bratz!Huh ? No Bratz ? HOORAY!Well , this doll has flowing brown hair and looks pretty ... unlike another brand -LRB- Bratz ! -RRB- Bye My Scene fans !
 Bratz are great , but so are MyScenes ! I mean yeah I do n't collect MyScenes , I get Bratz . But , my sis collects them . I think Chelsea and Barbie are the prettiest . But I recalled that someone said not to post bratz things on here , but I have an objection to that because that person said on the bratz site how much she hated them and so I mean she is being a hippocrate -LRB- sorry do n't know how to spell it I am only 10 ! But , I do know how to spell antidisestablishmentarianism!No one taught me how to spell that . -RRB- But anyways she was the one who told everyone who read her review to check out her MyScene review , so I did but she is telling Bratz lovers not to post bad reviews on MyScenes , but what she is doing is saying we ca n't put negative reviews on MyScenes and she can put negative reviews on Bratz ?! Well , I just say to her oh well ! What if the product was really bad ????? Well there I just proved to her we can put negtive reviews on here if the product is poor .
 i think this doll is super cool !!!!! so cute and in the movie is funny . Bratz r cool and so r myscene . member , if you dont ' have somthing nice 2 say , do n't say nothin ' at all.so ok . soory 4 the spelling mistakes
 Try to stop fighting because : Bratz and my scene are made of plastic.They are something you can play with and have fun.I wanted to say that.Please end the doll war and get alife.They are dolls just for fun.And please Fairytale princess.Can you get outa here now ??? I hate your reviews , because you say something stupid about my scene.I love this doll , but I have a Chelsea , so I do n`t think that I will get another Chelsea.It ` s enough with one Chelsea doll .
 My Scenes are not Slutz , and are not ugly!My Scenes did not copy Bratz , do not say that they did because they did n't . I HATE BRATZ THEY ARE BRATZ IF YOU SAY MY SCENE HAVE OVER GROWN LIPS JUST LOOK AT BRATZ , MY SCENE ARE COOL BRATZ ARE NOT , AND THIS DOLL IS THE BEST I HAVE IT IT IS CUTE , AND BESIDES MY SCENES CAME 1ST AND BRATZ CAME 2ND , THEREFOR MY SCENES DID NOT COPY BRATZ , I AM THE ONE AND ONLY MY SCENE FAN , AND YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT THAN LIVE WITH IT !!!!!!!
 This is for whoever said that `` at least bratz heads are n't too big for their bodies like my scene '' . That person obviously ca n't see that well , Bratz have a huge head along with their huge feet and they have the tiny - est body I have every seen . Plus when you take off the bratz shoes , they have no feet , all that is there are 2 little pegs , which make them look even more retarded . That is just my opinion , But My Scene are very pretty and look real -LRB- what bratz are lacking in -RRB- . I have the masquerade madness chelsea , and I love her ! I also have the masquerade madness butterfly punk barbie and dream genie delancey . Plus 10 other my scenes ' . And for the `` kids '' stop fighting over bratz and my scene , if you do n't like my scene , then DO N'T WRITE A REVIEW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! these reviews are for my scene lovers , like me !!!!!! Get a life Kid ! Move on ...
 I LOVE THIS DOLL ! Chelsea has curly reddish-brown hair with golden streaks and real eyelashes , and her makeup consists of aqua eyeshadow and pink lips with a darker pink lip liner . Chelsea is dressed as a mermaid , so she is wearing a lacy sleeveless top with seashell decals , a sea green skirt with a belt and ribbon accents and glittery ` scales ' . She is also wearing a see-through jacket with fur trim , pink heels , a hair flower and several necklaces and white hoop earrings.She comes with a ton of accessories , too - a pair of sea green sunglasses , balloons , an ` invitation ' to the masquerade party , coral wristbands , a silver necklace , a pink cell phone , a compact and powder puff , lipstick , a pink and green purse , and a chihuahua who is also dressed as a mermaid . She also comes with a masquerade mask , a brush , and an extra outfit which includes a halter top , skirt , and an extra pair of shoes . Of course , there is also the Masquerade Madness DVD which is shorter than ` Jammin ' in Jamaica ' at twenty-seven minutes but is two times better.I definitely think you should get this doll - Chelsea , Nolee and Kenzie are my favorite My Scene girls !
 I love this doll , i got her for Christmas . and she 's very durable , and her hair is beautiful , and her outfits are awesome . But , one of the reviews says that My scene copied bratz . UH HELLO , IT DIDN `` T ! the review made a list of stuff it had copied , like `` Big Lips '' -LRB- maybe they copied that -RRB- `` Removable Feet '' -LRB- HELLO , THATS ONLY BRATZ . MY SCENES DONT EVEN HAVE THAT ! -RRB- `` Style '' -LRB- my scene are more stylish , and they 're clothes are way different ! -RRB- `` Movies '' -LRB- MY SCENE MADE JAMMIN IN JAMAICA WAY BEFORE BRATZ MADE THEY 'RE MOVIE ! -RRB- Sorry , but I do n't think it 's right to say that my scene copied bratz , and i think if you 're debating whether or not to buy her , DO IT ! She 's really beautiful , and i loved her !
 Um ... wow ! The post about Brats being better than My Scenes was actually scary ... and a bit childish.Anyway , I wish they mass produced some of the proto-types of the Chelsea doll . I 'm not saying the ones we see on the shelf are ugly , but the proto-type looks more dreamy and more in character . The Chelsea in the stores look more like a wide-eyed child ... well , yea that 's what she is ... but yet again I tore up the My Scene section looking for the `` perfect '' Chelsea . Alas I have found her !!! And the real kicker is she looks almost like the proto-type ... . minus the skirt , flower , and eyes . She looks really pretty with the loose spiral curls . Heck , overall she looks pretty . She comes with a 2nd pair of clothes and tons of accessories ... . nobody else have balloons in their sets ... guess that 's b 'cause she 's the birthday girl . She is not wearing just shells over her chest . It 's a shirt with shell appliques . The movie 's message is simple and cute . I wish Kenzie had more screen time.For the crazed My Scene hater -LRB- s -RRB- ... most of the My Scenes if not all of them DO come with TWO outfits just like Brats - PLUS tons of accessories . They are more proportionate than them -LRB- do n't have the HUGE head/feet and LITTLE body syndrome -RRB- and My Scenes do n't look as snotty . And what 's with the `` they are trash '' talk ? Brats wear almost the same bloody things ... the tops are even SMALLER than My Scenes ... showing off more midriff.But anyway , My Scenes are fun to play with or collect . I 'm 22 and I enjoy collecting them and displaying them on my dresser as if they 're at a club . And it 's cool how I 'm able to get River and Barbie to pose in a dancing position without the help of their stands . Talk about balance.Luv ya ... muwahhh ... bub bye
 Everyone keeps going on about how my scene copied bratz . . yeh i agree BUT bratz also copied someone aswell ... Blythe , search for them and you will see how much they are alike ... so why dont you all -LRB- ... -RRB- and let people enjoy dolls ... I like both my scene and bratz !!!!!!!
 In this line Barbie , Chelsea , Nolee adn Madison are going to a costume ball with there boy friends and they also do a way cool fashion show ! Chelsea is the best out of all the Maskerade Madness line but over all in the general line of my scenes in my opion Madison and Delancey are the prettiest and Kenzie and Nolee are the ugliest . And Barbie and Chelsea are tied for second preittest.I only like Madison with straight and wavy hair because she is ugly with curly.Well peace out .
 Intro
 I Like my scene but bratz Came out before my scenebecase I brat doll in 2001
 I think this is a good toy for learning about the Presidents , and I waited a long time to find one reasonably priced . I think it 's an old product and hard to find anymore . The version I bought is used . I always sanitize any used products , put in fresh batteries and check them out . It worked perfectly . I believe this is very educational .
 Great educational toy . This electronic toy not only give you all the names and facts about the presidents it also lets you play a quiz sort of game so that you learn all of the presidents by challengin your memory . My kids loved this toy and even to this date -LRB- 4 years later -RRB- my son still tells me random facts about past presidents .
 I mean , these things actually look like they came out of the movie ! I really dont remember all the names . achrno sumthin , but the big spider loking one scared my little sister as i got it ouit of the package . it does this head lunging attak , wich is actually a very cool feature . and the giant dragon fly thing has this tail so that while flying , he can snatch people from behind . ver cool , and last , that scorpian looking one , you can like make those little pinchers he has , move around by a little lever on the bottom . all these insects are very cool because they have these awsome fetures , i give this toy 5 stars .
 Not much action but these do n't fall apart like others in the series
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!These King Kong figures of Arachno-Claw , Scorpio-Pede and Celocimex are amazing ! The sculpting is superb ! With decent amounts of articulation ! The action features all work great . If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure pack today !
 LOVED it , totally fantastic and definitely a good buy , make a good purchase with this one and you 'll be pleased
 I 'm a Mcfarlane dragon collector . Most of the dragons , especially this one , is a favorite .
 As a long time RC operator i have to say for the price this is an awesome 1/8th scale buggy ! i have owned more than i can count and this is one of my favorites ! the force .28 engine it comes with is insane ! starts first pull almost every time weather your racing or bashing this car will keep up with the very best and run circles around rest . i gave it all i had as far as bashing jumped it over 40 feet and over all it holds up awesome ! i cant say enough about this car and guarantee nobody will write a bad review on this buggy.the only cons i can say are the body is ugly ! there 's 3 choices of color and the black one is the nicest match but still not impressive . the steering servo saver is far to tight and not adjustable so basicly there is no servo saver and because of that i have gone thru 2 factory servos and for the 3rd one i got and suggest u buy a high dollar metal gear high torque servo . i did and havent had any problems since ! Plus it steers much better at higher speeds ! the tires also look really cool but dont grip as well as u would think !
 This doll is beautiful!I love the outfits & the accesores.I gave this doll 4 stars because it has a good meaning.My 2 year old sister learned the words &#34; shut up &#34; in the last one &#62; :-LRB- ! I like the pearly turquoise for her eyes , too
 I bought this doll for my daughter a my scene fan and sher loves this doll and the fact it came with a dvd was a great bonus
 My Scene are great dolls , I wish I had all of them , but I do have about 12 of them . They are really pretty and also they look great on display . They are pure quality , Mattel should be very proud of themselves . I have them all lined up in my closet and I look at them everyday . They are the prettiest dolls ever ! This specific doll is really pretty and has the best clothes , but the only reason why I do n't buy her is because her hair . Its gets really messed up quickly , I know because I have the jammin in jamaica Madison , and her hair gets relly messy . At least with the straight haired dolls , you can brush they 're hair all the time and make it always look new ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I adore this toy buy it !!! I am going to buy this toy we want to see this movie !!! We LOVE bratz to as we know . NUMBER 1 GREAT TOY !!!!!
 this is a madison doll with eyelashes a mask and 2 outfits and i think this is a cool doll .
 I like this doll but the massquade madness kenziesucks I hate her she looked her hair and makeup was sobeautyful online so i orderd her and shelooked bad sorry but its true I love so much morei am so disaponted oh well i hope my review is helpful
 its the my scene fans thatsay that so dont hate my scenefor what thay say ok , I do agree with you tho , oh and I luv my scene bratz to , p.s lindsay bye ...
 OK . nothing bad here people . just everyday teenage fashion . madison looks soooo awsome here . She looks great in the Masquerade Madness car that i also got for her . I think all girls should have a myscene . their great for girls growing up . parents , please buy your kid a myscene . bratz are cool too . myscene 's teach girls about growing up , how to spend money , friendship , adventure , fun , fashion , and i could go on forever !!!!!!!! so parents , buy your kid a myscene . they 'll be happy . thanks.Sarah
 Opposed to most of the other reveiws , I think this doll is one of the most beutiful Madisons ever made . Her make-up is perfect and goes with her costume perfectly and her little dog isSOOOO CUTE , I love how their outfits match . Madisons big hair is so neat , I really do n't like her hair straight like in the Club Birthday line , that just did n't look like the Madison we all know and love . * * Ally * * Age 13God Bless -LRB- Daniel Capps is my dad , not me -RRB- : - -RRB-
 My Grand Baby Loves this doll . The DVD is a Plus + + + -LRB-^_^-RRB- ! Many Hours of Fun ... She highly recommends this doll .
 I like My Scene . The dolls are pretty , fashionable and their little skits and movies are entertaining . I never was big on dolls growing up , but I have a daughter that loves them . And she loves Barbie and My Scene dolls , she does n't like bratz . My other daughter hates barbie and bratz dolls , but likes the My Scene dolls also . Barbie is okay , but My Scene is more fun for them . Especially since they have more than one male doll and they look average , not goofy looking . The guys actually have decent looking clothes and a few accessories .
 -LRB- NOTE : I AM GOING TO MAKE THIS REVIEW AZ SERIOUS AZ I CAN -RRB- THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST MADISON DOLLS I HAVE EVER SEEN ! I LOVE THE POOFIE HAIR ! ALL MADISON 'S SHOULD LOOK LIKE HER ! THIS IS THE GREATEST MADISON DOLL I HAVE EVER SEEN ! SHE IS SOW COOL ! A MUST HAVE FOR MYSCENE/BARBIE FANS ! I LIKE HER !!
 It took me an hour of thumbing through tons of Mads till I found the best one . I love her outfit ... her hair does n't look like a tangled mess , unlike the others I tossed to the side . I like how they made her eyes a blue green instead of the light blue ... she was starting to creep me out a bit . I think it 's hilarious , but wrong that they 'd dress a dog up as a cat . I ca n't wait till my Kenzie comes in and I can finally finish off the girls . The movie was cute ... nothing brilliant ... just common sense `` do n't be afraid to ask for help '' basically . * gasps * and kenzie 's accent is MIA ... she 's southern for goodness sakes . I was really looking forward to hearing it . oh well .
 i got this doll last night and i love her but her hair is a reck so i had to cut and it is bitter but dont let that make you not get her she she rocks
 this was bought as a gift for a god child . she went through the `` brat '' stage so she loved it .
 I bought this on the buy2 get 1 free sale . Final price was $ 3.52 . What a deal !!! Came in a large box , has extra outfit and extras.I do n't have younger kids myself , but will make a fabulous gift !! Definately worth the money from what I see in the box . Could n't get close to this price in any store . I am really pleased with this purchase
 My daughter is 4 , and she really wanted a brats doll . In comparison to the brats dolls that I purchased , I prefer the My Scene doll . The outfits for My Scene dolls are trendy and cute , without being trampy . I also like the fact that the feet do not come off with the shoes . My daughter has misplaced many of the feet to the Brats dolls , and they now look like amputees . My Scene dolls are also larger , and slightly more realistic in appearance . Overall , for an impressionable young girl , My Scene dolls seem like the better choice .
 Okay ... I 'm actually thirteen , but my computer 's having problems with the regular review program , so I 'm using this one . So , now I 'll get on to my review!Okay ... three words
 MY HUSABND BOUGHT ME THIS DOLL WHEN IT WAS ON SALE FOR $ 5.29 AND IT SHIPPED FOR FREE . WHAT A DEAL !!!!!! THE DOLL IS GORGEOUS AND COMES WITH SOOO MANY ACCESESORIES . SHE IS WEARING A HEADBAND WITH CAT EARS ON IT AND HER DOG IS WEARING A MATCHING ONE . NOW HOW CUTE IS THAT ?!! I REALLY LOVE THE BIG CURLY HAIRDO AND HER MAKE-UP IS ABSOLUTELY PERFECT . -LRB- IT 'S NOT OVER-DONE AT ALL -RRB- . SHE COMES WITH AN EXTRA OUTFIT , A DVD MOVIE , LOTS OF LITTLE ACCESESORIES AND THE CUTEST LITTLE DOG . I WOULD HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS TO ANYONE . PERFECT FOR ALL AGES . NOTHING INNAPROPRIATE ABOUT THIS DOLL . SHE IS PURRRRRRFECT ! MEOW !!!!!!
 This MyScene Madison is one of my faves . She has slightly different colored eyes than other Madisons -LRB- usually , bright blue ... these have a tinge of aqua -RRB- . Her hair is `` poofy '' and beautiful ! I try not to mess with it , though - I think it would look horrible if I had to brush it out : S I adore cats , so of course I 'm biased towards her outfit ... but making the doggie wear a kitty costume is just too funny ! There are a lot of little pieces , not so great for the younger crowd ... but `` tweeners '' through adult collectors could have hours of fun with this doll , her accessories , and her extra outfit . The DVD was a nice extra ... just like with the other 5 dolls it came with * roll eyes * . But , now that the doll is on sale -LRB- as of the date I 'm typing this -RRB- , it 's a really , REALLY good deal . Stock up for birthdays , graduations , Mother 's Day -LRB- Hey , Moms collect Barbies , too ! -RRB- , or next X-mas for your favorite Barbie -LRB- or Kitty -RRB- fan.I hope that you found this reveiw helpful :D > ^ . . ^ <
 This doll is not really for little kids . I say if the child is about 9 or older . There are little parts . Other than that this doll is a great source of fun . She comes with another outfit so you can have fun redressing her . The real eyelashes are another plus it makes her a casual or dressy redress project . You can have hours of fun with these dolls .
 I love the Masquerade Madness line of My Scene dolls ... and Madison is tied for 1st place with the Dream Genie Delancey . I think the idea of dressing her dog as a kitty is a great idea -LRB- very funny ! -RRB- . The extras in the set are nice ; they would be great for a little girl who wants to expand her My Scene outfit collection - but I 've kept my Madison in her costume since the day I opened her . :D I thought the DVD was a great story . I 'm not too fond of the animation - but the moral of the story -LRB- ask for help when you need it & do n't lie to your friends -RRB- more than made up for the so-so animation style.I do have 2 main complaints about this series in general :1 . The photos on Toys R Us Online show a higher grade of clothing & accessories than what actually come with the dolls2 . They should have offered the DVD with the main doll -LRB- Barbie , of course -RRB- , and sold the other dolls without the DVD to keep the cost down . It 's hard enough for parents -LRB- and doll collectors -RRB- to come up with the $ 20 for the first doll of a series ; but to have all the female dolls cost $ 20 because they all come with the identical DVD is madness -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . Oh - another positive - even though Madison 's hair is not `` brushable '' , it is absolutely gorgeous with these full curls ! Her facial paint -LRB- make-up -RRB- is tastefully done -LRB- not over-done -RRB- , and the rooted eyelashes add a nice touch . Overall , a BEAUTIFUL doll and a lot of fun for adults as well as kids > ^ . . ^ <
 I ordered this Barbie as a Christmas gift along with 2 other My Scenes -LRB- the Genie one -RRB- and it all added up to about 11 bucks . The boxes are huge , the package is astounding , what an incredible deal . Three little girls will be thrilled when they open these . Get them now , they 're going fast .
 I LOVE HER ! MADISON IS THE BEST ! SHE IS MY FAV ! EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE HER ! SHE ROCKS !
 this doll is Awesome !! she is the only one out of Maquerade Madness that i have for the moment but i think she will be my Favorite ! her outfits ar really cute one of my quibbles about the outfit is the coat has a tail so its use is sorta limited to cat costumes -LRB- unless your adventure some and cut it off and attach ribbon or elastic -RRB- and everything else is great ! i especially like the top that she wears in the box and the extra outfit !! i put the four stars of educational because the dvd teaches a good message , that you should ` nt be afraid to ask for help and to admit that you have a problem -LRB- if you have one -RRB- and that Lying leads to ... MADNESS ! and that you need to balance your plate and not overload with to many things . I think my favorite thing that comes with this doll are
 This was my first Masquerade Madness doll , and when I got it I was so tickled ! It 's a great li'l doll ; sooo pretty ! Her first outfit is very nice ! And her second one is prety cool too . Her accessories are awesome ! That purse of hers is SO fu-ine ! And could Bella be any cuter in that cat outfit ? If you love my scene and like the Masquerade Madness series , get this doll ! You will NOT be dissapointed!Thanx for reading and stop the doll war!Talia out !
 LOVED it , totally fantastic and definitely a good buy , make a good purchase with this one and you 'll be pleased
 THIS WORKED OUT REALLY WELL AND I MADE A SAFE USING THIS AND IT WORKED PERFECTLY!I HAD THIS FOR ABOUT 2 MONTHS AND THEIRS NOTHING WRONG WITH IT ! I GOT A GIFT CARD AND THIS WORKS JUST LIKE IT CAME FROM LEGO ! OVERALL THIS WORKS GREAT GET IT OR ELSE -LRB- UNLESS YOU DO N'T LIKE LEGO BUT THEN YOU WOULD BE CRAZY -RRB- PLAN TO BUILD CRAZY THINGS WITH THIS LIKE ACTIVATING OTHER NXTS WITH THIS .
 I 've had this beautiful beast for a few years now . I want more of them . I like the webbing and the details . The stand is very nice . He is my first McFarlane dragon and will not be my last .
 Here 's my review for the Series 3 Water Dragon
 I 'm a Mcfarlane dragon collector . Most of the dragons , especially this one , is a favorite .
 As the title says `` this is not a toy '' , although not as complicated as other plank-on-frame wooden boat kits this one still requires some skill or experience building this type of model . That being said this particular kit is not a bad one for the beginner -LRB- with some modelling skill -RRB- , just take your time , study the directions and illustrations and you should be able to build a fine large scale model -LRB- it 's suitable for 12 '' tall action figures like GI Joe -RRB- . All the parts and even the boat assembly frame -LRB- keeps the keel straight and leaves hands from to attach planks -RRB- are included as lazer-cut thin wood pieces in easy to remove frames , which are assembled and attached to a solid wood assebly base . A good kit if you want a reasonably priced wooden ship model that , with patience , you can turn into a museum replica .
 My grandmother bought this doll for my b-day and I love it ! She comes with the most adorable outfits , and her dog 's really cute too ! I think she 's the best My Scene doll yet ! When my grandmother bought me the doll , I could n't wait to get it out of the box ! Love the DVD ! Love everything !
 I think the masquerade nolle doll is great . She is very fun to play with . I like playing with her when i wach the movie.She has a very cute dog.She has very cute clothes too.I give her 5 stars .
 1 -RRB- Her hair gets REALLY wild and poofy , so try to wet it down .2 -RRB- Her jacket is VERY soft , but do n't spill syrup or anything else that 's sticky on it , it might take some of the fuzz off .3 -RRB- Keep her hair pulled back ; It gets tangled in the eyelashes sometimes!Well , I hope you like this totally cool doll and please buy her ! Nolee is awsome ! I hope these tips help ! -LRB- -LRB- If you have doubles , name them different names or make ' a movie ' and have eack double in a diff . outfit , that way you can change the scenes quickly . -RRB- -RRB-
 When I first saw this doll I thought it was reallly ugly . Then I looked at all the other My Scene dolls -LRB- which are sooo pretty -RRB- and then came back to this Nolee . Once you get used to her she actually is really pretty . Just do what I did . You 'll like her afterwards .
 WE Love Nolee ! She is great and make sure to buy this toy right now ! We r dying to watch this movie ! COOL TOY !
 she is cute ! she is dressed cute to.My Scene dolls are way way way cuter then Bratz dolls ! bratz dolls look weird in those clothes and are Ugly ! ugly ! I think this is a great doll .
 This doll 's hair is kinda too big for a doll . . but you get used to it . . actually one time my little sister took her outside and a bee got on her hair , and a bee decided to have a nap in my sister 's doll 's hair . . and that doll has such long hair and it is seriously bushy too . . so we did n't notice for a while , and than it was scary.what was myscene thinking ? great doll , maybe too much hair to mangage though . . another thing , Myscene is doing their own thing , bratz are terrible , if you buy a brat look at their feet . most of the people i know bought a brat than just stopped playing with them altogether cause of their feet .
 I got this doll around when they first released them , and it 's been one of my absolute FAVS ! Ok , first off she has her little pug -LRB- which I love -RRB- Cookie dressed up like a rockstar -LRB- like herself -RRB- , also she includes , a SWEET guitar -LRB- that glows in the dark -RRB- , an extra outfit -LRB- a skirt and a shirt that says rockstar or something to that effective -RRB- , some WAY cool boots that have like belts on them , a purse -LRB- that 's REALLY cool ! -RRB- , lipstick , a compact with powder puff , a butterfly choker , red arm cuffs , a cellphone , and a masquerade mask . What she 's wearing is , a puffy red sleeveless T-shirt -LRB- almost a spaghetti top -RRB- , a cool coat that you need to take REALLY good care of , ROCKSTAR pants , silvery high-heels , and a headset/mic . Hope this review helps you ! : -RRB-
 Nolee 's glam-rocker outfits and detailing are so right on -- but what 's up with her holding her dog while she 's playing her guitar ??? That 's just overkill !! -LRB- And I hope no pets were harmed in the making of their DVD !! LOL -RRB-
 Wow ! I 'm going to walk you through this , and first stop , clothes . Her blue pants are lovely - wish i had some - but slightly difficult to get on her . Her red sparkly top is also perfect , I have no complaints . Her red duster -LSB- long jacket -RSB- is also flawless . Her silver shoes ... . what can I say ? The T-shirt is soft and looks great with almost every pair of pants in My Scene . The skirt , though short , is really cute and stylish . Her red boots are the same as the silver sandals , flawless . Her compact and lipstick are * gasp * the same color as what she 's wearing ! Usually it 's different . As for Nolee herself , she 's lovely . I think she looks a bit like Amy Lee . My only complaint about her is that she has a ton of hair . The movie could be better . Overall , she 's great , and you will love her .
 SHE IS CUTE SHE IS A GOOD DOLL TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNKKKKKKKKKKKYYYYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTAAAAAAAAAAAAA I LOVE IT SP MUCH I GOT THIS DOLL FOR CHRISTMAS
 Many new Barbie 's have come out over the years , but this one is the best yet . My daughter received this My Scene first so I 'm writing the reveiew here , but she now has five dolls and three playsets and she loves them all . Yes , they do resemble another doll on the market , but they are also very , very different , and I 'm sure some moms will know what I 'm talking about.My daughter loves the whole My Scene line . They are pretty , they are all a little different and not just by hair color , they are slightly bigger and to me seem a lot more durable than the more delicate original Barbie dolls . My daughter is very rough on her dolls and so far these have stood up to the test with her . The play sets are also fabulous . They are modern and provide my daughter with hours of fun . Not only that , whoever designed them payed an enormous amount of attention to detail -- plus they are durable and do not fall apart as many playsets on the market do . The only downside might be that you have to keep them away from your younger children as they have many small pieces , but that just goes with the territory.I would say that these have become my daughter 's favorite toys amidst the uncountable number of toys she received for Christmas . My daughter has had these dolls and playsets the least amount of time and easily has played with them at least as much or more already than her other dolls and sets.Good job on a new line , Mattel !
 This doll is great for your daughter . it is educational for your daughter -LRB- if she wants to be a singer -RRB- otherwise it is a great toy.I hope your daughter will love it .
 I THINK THIS DOLL IS VERY CUTE . I LOVE HER HAIR AND THIS IS TOTALLY NOLEE
 I bought this when it was on sale for 5.29 and free shipping ! I just have to say it was a great deal . My daughter loves anything Barbie and for that price I could n't pass it up . It came with a DVD that she watches over and over .
 This doll is not really for little kids . I say if the child is about 9 or older . There are little parts . Other than that this doll is a great source of fun . She comes with another outfit so you can have fun redressing her . The real eyelashes are another plus it makes her a casual or dressy redress project . You can have hours of fun with these dolls .
 i just bought this toy today and when i took it out of the box in the car on the car ride back home everything was pretty fine and normal except for one thing ??? any guesses ? you guessed it right ! how 'd ya know ? woow youre smart ! it is the poofy hair . so when i got home before my sister and i played with it we cut her poofy hair to make it look rockish but her long hair kept getting on all of us and nolee herself so we took her hair once again and cut it in the middl3e of her shoulders and elbows ! it was NO TROUBLE affter that , so if you just cut her hair it will be good . plus she is relly pretty and has good style !!!!! can you believe this ????? well in one week me and my sister managed to buy 3 myscenes -LRB- 2 nolees and 1 chelsea -RRB- in 1 week !!!! these are all the my scenes my sister and i have : -LRB- we have a couple of each so we named them similar names the the oringal name , like barbie for barbra ??? BARBIES = 5 = babs , barrie , babrica , barbie , barbraCHELSEAS = 3 = chelsea , kelsey , maryMadisondelancyriversuttonhudsonNOLEES = 3 = nolee , keelee , nolaKENZIES = 2 = kenzie , kendra
 This doll totally rocks . If you want a rock star doll get her instead of a Bratz one because she comes with a cool glow in the dark guitar , cute rock star puppy , fabulous outfits , and knock-em dead acessories . Her hair is like the jammin in jamaica Nolee 's , curly brown streaks down the middle . You will not be dissapointed !
 I feel this toy is great fun for all ages . I hace recently recieved her as a gift and love her very much . Nolee is one of my favorite My Scene girls and this Nolee is no exception to the quality My Scene offers . She has beutiful black hair that I have no problem with maintaining . She has gorgous almond shapped eyes and her lipstich shade matching her skin tone perfectly . The rest of her make up works just as well . Her outfit looks very nice on her . The red velvet like shirt is accented nicely with the long coat and her pants are quite nice too . I like her shoes alot . THey are a very pretty silver color . All these features are nicely finished off with pink guitar and silver microphone headset . Her second outfit is a pink mini skirt with a white shirt that says rock and roll in red with an image of a guitar . She also comes with red boot and a silver and red bag where you can store her liupstick , blush , powder puff , cell phone , and cardboard magazine . The movie actually has a very substancial plot and is quite entertaining . The basic scenario is that the My Scene gang is putting on a fashion show fund raiser to help the local animal shelter . There are many bumps along the way as well as romance and some geomatry . I do n'twant to give away the whole movie because it would n't be much fun to see it if I told you the whole thing . Nolee is a great addition to the Mascarade Madness Series and any My Scene collection . The entire My Scene collection is certainly a better toy option for girls than the Bratz dolls , which I know alot about from my cousin and a neighbor that I babysit . So , my recomendation goes to My Scene not Bratz . So , thats my review , I hoped it helped . Check out my other reviews if you like ! THank for reading !
 i saw this chick in stores and had to buy her . she is really pretty , i love her clothes and stuff ... i like myscene AND bratz its just i like bratz more ... but thats my opinion.thanx
 Why was the Freddy vs Jason 19 '' Jason figure so cheap ??? Looks as good as any other figure , oh well I like it : -RRB-
 When I recieved this figure , I was blown away by how huge the figure is . It is an amazingly detailed figure , from the paint job to the sculpt of it . The figure has about 5 to 6 points of articulation . the legs do n't move and the head can only turn . The figure can turn at the waist and the arms move . No real cloth clothes like the Freddy figure that was realeased so that was a bummer . When my figure arrived I noticed that the left arm was slightly falling off . But when I opened the figure I notice you just snap it right on . On the plus side the hockey mask is removable and comes with an alternate hand . For any Friday the 13th fan this would be a great ad to any collection . Now if they would only make an Ash figure you then you could have an awesom Freddy vs Jason vs Ash battle .
 It Arrived on time , I receive my product in perfect conditions , it was very well packaged , with very good price ,
 I you lilke these kind of figures , this one is a great value at a more than reasonable price . Got it last year for my 10 year old for a gift and he plays with it and it is still not broken . Do n't take the mask off because you will have a hard time to get it back on .
 After reading some reviews for this figure , I was a little sceptical about the quality of it . But I ordered Jason anyway , and I am very glad I did , because this piece is great . Sturdy , heavy , detailed and big . I have no arm problems or standing issues . He looks formidable alongside my Predator . I would recommend buying this one to any action figure fan . Thank You .
 This Jason Vorhees collectable looks awesome . I am very impressed with the detail and packaging . For the money it is well worth it . This is by far the best Jason Vorhees collectable .
 It looks really great among my collection , but i have a few complaints . One of the main issues with this guy is the lack of articulation , the feel of it is n't that great either , you can really tell its just a hallow plastic figure by the weight of him when you lift him , nothing like todays quarter scale Neca figures that feel more like vinyl than hallow hard plastic ... . But the way it feels is n't much of a big deal to me since its just for display purposes . The real issue i have is the fact that i cant get mine to stay standing for more than a few hours . somehow he always winds up tipping over . i literally had to place him in between two structures that way if he starts to lean forward , he cant move . Also the sole of his shoe came off and i had to crazy glue it back on . Aside from that i love him , it 's a great looking figure . people see it , and think i payed big bucks for him ! All in all I say if you 're a fan then buy it , maybe i just got unlucky with an unstable one .
 I 've always been a Friday the 13th fan ... . And I also liked these perfect movie replicas ... . Now I bought it !!! It fits perfect with my home theater system ... Comparing to other replicas , this one lacks some articulations . If you 're willing to play with it it 's not that good . Even though it serves my purpose
 A decent-looking figure for the money however it 's not very durable . When mine arrived , one of the arms had fallen off . Unlike a previous review , I could not get the arm to snap back on tight . I had to apply glue to the inside . Figure was worth the $ 40 I paid . Great size for displaying . Good detail . Definitely not Neca 's best-looking Jason figure but not the worst I 've seen . Great for those Jason fans who are not looking to spend a fortune .
 this figure has a good sculpt and is durable so kids can play with it . and it doesnt fall over like people say it does
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!These King Kong figures are amazing ! The sculpting is superb ! With decent amounts of articulation ! The action features all work great . Great figure ! This is the Bull V-Rex and its a completely new sculpt and size than the Juvenile V-Rex ! Great going Playmates ! If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure pack today !
 You know , many people were saying bad things about this toy . IT IS NOT A WASTE OF MONEY !! Okay look , see it breaks or collapses so as to look as it is dying ... This is , how you might say , interesting . when most toys , uh , die , they fall down . but with these , u get real death or , something like that , action . Reccomendation for Kong lovers out there !!
 Ordered some puzzles recently to the pass the time over the summer . The White Mountain Historic Massachusetts puzzle is great , has all of the places and museums I remember going to as a kid , very good quality.It is , however , missing one piece . I built it immediately out of the box , so I am pretty certain I did n't fling any pieces anywhere ... But , such things happen with puzzles.Otherwise a great buy .
 The White Mountain puzzles are great . Good quality and many choices . Purchased the Florida and Massachusetts puzzles for an Uncle who spends a great deal of time making puzzles and he loved these . Ordered and received on time for Christmas as promised by seller .
 I really love the Little People collection . Well I guess I should say that my daughter loves them . As soon as she sees them she gets excited and wants to play with them . I think these toys are absolutely perfect for little hands . The characters are so chunky that my daughter can easily pick them up and place them wherever she wants . Would love to continue her little collection . Absolutely love it !
 My son is 1 and LOVES trucks . He just got this one for his birthday . We love the Little People and this one is very cute . My son loves to push it around and he likes to throw the `` rocks '' that come with it around the room ! He does n't know how to push down the man to hear the noises , but he likes it when I do it . This toy is still pretty new , but it seems like a durable toy . I do n't know how educational it is , but we like it - lots of fun .
 My son loves all the Little People trucks . The boulders are the best thing that come with them ! He loves to push the trucks around and roll the boulders . They 're fun to play with , with him .
 My two year old loves little people . If it makes noise too , he loves it even more . The only bad thing about this toy is that the rocks that come with it are the perfect size to be thrown by him . He can really launch those suckers . for twelve bucks ... good toy .
 This item is typical of Fisher Price - good construction and the boys love them . I wanted to make a note of the handle to push the cars around with - great design . If you are familiar with toddlers they push down hard and foward and it makes some vehicles difficult to roll . The handle is perfect as it still allows the vehicle to move forward even though they are pushing down so hard .
 My grandson LOVES this front loader truck and the faux rocks . Many hours spent watching a joyous 18 month play and play with his wonderful Imagination ...
 He loves playing with this , kept him busy and help attention , also loved the airplane by fisher price too , thank you
 I bought this for my son 's first birthday . It 's great for his little hands . Putting the person in the drivers seat or the `` dirt '' in the bucket of the loader are great exercises for his developing motor skills . The quality is what I 've come to expect from all off the Fisher Price Little People toys we own .
 My daughter loves Fisher Price and she also likes to look for trucks , diggers , and loaders while we are in the car . This will be a hit under the Christmas tree !
 My 22 month son loves this toy . He really enjoys playing with the boulders and person seperatly , and anything that makes noise is cool to him .
 I did n't have to think twice -- Fisher Price quality and Little people plus a little loader all combined to make a great quality toy .
 My son loves this toy . And I love watching him drive it around the house and switch out the rocks for his toy cars . It 's easy for him to use . It 's fun . It makes cute little sounds . I really like ALL Little People toys and this has been a great addition to his collection .
 Bought this for the youngest Grandson . . He loves it , can maneuver it easily and loves to load toys into the bucket .
 I bought this for my grandson who is 18 mo old and he just loved it . Would definitely recommend this
 The detail in this model is superbPut together with the Tamiya german figure decalsNone can beat this awesome combination .
 Amazing . NECA has the best bobble heads , hands down . The detail is spectacular . Where other bobble head companies create bobbles which resemble -LRB- some well , others ... Not so much -RRB- the character they 're attempting to create , NECA creates lifelike , realistic replicas of the characters . This Napoleon Dynamite bobblehead is evidence of that fact . Great quality and durability . Fantastic addition for anyone who collects these things , and just as awesome for a casual fan of bobbleheads or the movie , Napoleon Dynamite .
 I bought this for my Napoleon Dynamite crazed friend for Christmas , and she loved it!The base is very detailed , with tater tots , a liger drawing , all sorts of fun things from the movie!It is very sturdy , intricate , and a definate must have for any Napoleon fan !
 Plays like a jumbo version of Jenga ! Great fun , blocks are hollow , so they are pretty light .
 my 2.5 yo LOVES this ! he is obsessed with trains AND cars so this is perfect . And its perfect for us - we can put the tabletop on it and hide all his cars and trains IN it . its pretty light too ... we move it to rooms depending on what we 're doing -LRB- like in the kitchen when i need to be cooking or prepping and back into the living room after -RRB-
 What a fun little table for my 3 year old , as well as for my day care kids . I have a in home day care and it 's the first thing the kids run to when they come through my door . Boys , girls , 12 month olds , 4 year olds it does n't matter . They 'll stand there back and forth during the day playing on the table with the trains and cars that I 've provided . The train that comes with the table is cheap , my son literally broke the connector within 20 mins of normal play . After a week the train was completely useless . Save yourself the crying and headache and buy extra or back up trains . It was easy to assemble the soild pieces . The pain was putting on the stickers , what a hassle . Too bad they could n't do that part in the factory . It took me and my hubby working together around 15-20 minutes to put it all together , not bad . It 's worth the investment !
 We got this -LRB- I mean &#34; Santa &#34; got this -RRB- for my 2 year old son for Christmas . He played with it all day the first day ... I read many reviews for it and knew to stick the decals/stickers on BEFORE assembling the track pieces . It was still very difficult to get the pieces lined up perfectly , but I like stupid challenges like that lol . Anyhow , he enjoys it immensely and I can see that it will be used for a long time to come . : -RRB-
 My 3 year old son loves playing with this . It 's sturdy , rigid and well made . The best part is that he ca n't knock over the train tracks like he does all the time with his wooden set . The wooden/dry erase cover piece that goes on top and makes it into a table is really nice too . He uses it to set his coloring books on and for building puzzles on as well .
 This is for my 3 year old grandson . He loved the train set at Barnes & Noble so this prompted me to get this for him @ Christmas . He truly loves this & I would recommend this for all 3 year olds .
 My son loves his train table and plays with it almost daily . The train that comes with it is a little on the cheap side , but my son likes it and it works well enough . Matchbox cars fit the track almost perfectly and he has taken to driving those around the track most of the time . The table itself is very sturdy and looks like it will hold up well -- a very good value for the money .
 I highly recommend this train table . My one and three year old play with it all the time . My five and seven year old nephews also play with it when they come over .
 Got it for real cheap , had to put together . Took about 25 min but quality.Happy I got a deal on this .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my Grandson and was really happy I did , he loves it!I gave it 4 stars because when placing the road and train stickers on , they did n't match up very well , and the long screws for the legs took forever to get in , but watching my Grandson play with it was well worth it . He got other pretty cool toys but it was his train table that got the most attention and still does .
 Bought this for my 3 year old for Christmas and very happy with it . Very lightweight and easy to move . Love that the tracks go in instead of on top so I can cover it , store the cars inside , and it can be used as a kids table too -LRB- although so far we have yet to do this -RRB- . Top is heavier than I thought as it is more like a thick/sturdy plywood . I thought it would be a thick plastic , but I guess the sturdier material makes more sense to hold up to coloring on/etc . More compact than I would of thought too , but this is a plus for me . Easy to assemble per my husband and the stickers were forgiving - meaning I was able to easily pull them back up right away to reposition them if I did n't align it correctly the first time . Took less time than I thought to put together . Worth the money so far as it is inexpensive for a train/car table . Works well with matchbox , various trains , etc. .
 My child received this table as a gift . It is great fun for little ones that would otherwise constantly destroy the track on any other train table ... It is great for both cars and trains ... It comes with 3 cars and a 3 piece train . We have used our Brio trains on it and also hot wheels , matchbox and Darda cars . All work fine ... as do small balls which will roll around on the track ... much to the delight of my 1 1/2 yr old . The cover is nice when you want to use the table for other play activities .
 This toy is wonderful ! Throw away all your Hot Wheels tracks and train tracks with all the little pieces and buy this one ! We got this for our son for Christmas last year and he has not stopped playing with it ... . the imagination factor goes on and on . Roads , train tracks ... . and the best part for parents ... . NO LITTLE PIECES to step on or to lose . It 's sturdy and fun ! We bought the one with the optional cover so you can also use it as a table to color on , or build blocks ... we would highly recommend this option ... it 's a huge space saver ! Put your cars and trains in the table and cover it up with the cover ! GREAT all around !
 I bought this table for my 2 year old daughter when she was 18 months ... at that time , I left the legs off of the table so that she could get to the tracks , easily . I have a son that is 6 months old , and I know this will be a wonderful toy for him , too.My daughter loves putting the Cars character cars , and Thomas trains on this table , as well as Little people on the streets and in the sticker grassy area . One day I came in and she had all of the Noah 's ark animals spread out on the table in the sticker areas and told me it was the ` zoo , zoo , zoo ' . Complete with a Zoo , Twain -LRB- train -RRB- . We use this table for all sorts of art , as well . It is the focal point of the playroom . I had my husband buy a can of that chalkboard spray paint , and asked him to spray the underside of the white cover -LRB- it is brown -RRB- with the chalkboard paint . It totally worked , and now my daughter has a place to draw pictures with her chalk . We love it.Every kid that comes over is obsessed with this table . Including her toddler friends and older ... that have expensive Thomas sets , etc. . It is just a fun table to get the creative juices going . When the kids are older , we may get a wooden train set , however , I doubt it will be one that comes with a table . Instead , The kids can use chalk to draw backgrounds , and simply build the tracks ON TOP of this table . Win win , for everyone.Last , this table sits across from my daughters play kitchen . We have chairs around it , and she puts her stuffed animals in the chairs , and SETS the table for them every morning before she whips the cover off for train time . This is a wonderful toy for a playroom and it is so easy to clean up ... dump trains and cars in , and shut the top . Perfect toy for toddlers .
 This was a big investment for us , but the BEST money my husband and I have spent on a toy for our son ! We purchased this table 6 months ago when our son was 18 months old , and I can honestly say it is the ONLY toy out of his big collection that gets played with EVERY day , several times a day . And for a toddler to stay that interested in any one thing for 6 months is AMAZING . Here are what we like about it : - DURABLE
 I ordinarily choose wood over plastic , but for a train table , I am SO glad we picked this one . It is not as large as the wooden tables we looked at , but it is big enough , and the fact that it comes with a flat table-top lid makes it work better in a small room too . We store the lid against a bookcase and put it on when we build with blocks . We store the trains and cars inside the table . I imagine this will outlast a wooden table as far as looks go at least . -LRB- My only concern would be the lid breaking if someone jumps on it a lot , but a replacement can be ordered -RRB- . We had fun sticking on the stickers and like the scenery . For little children , it has been helpful having the tracks built in so we are n't loosing little pieces , and all their Matchbox cars and Thomas the trains fit . It comes with some cars and a 3-piece train to use if you do n't have any . LOVE IT ! As our toddler says , `` I go play choo choo train ! ''
 Our boys love this train table and have had a lot of fun with it . Assembly is pretty straight forward but you will have to install stickers and the bridges . I have read some reviewers comment their trains did not fit well in the channels but I can verify that the die-cast versions of Chuggington and Thomas do fit very well and flow easily around corners when attached to one another.Pros + Great for die-cast Chuggington and Thomas , Hot-Wheels/Matchbox cars too ! + Doubles as a play table + Multilevel keeps it interestingCons/Considerations - Sticker installation can be frustrating but if it is n't perfect , he/she probably wo n't notice - Bridges and connecting pieces may pop off or free if too much pressure is applied or if it is pulled on . - If freed connecting pins could pose a choking hazard for smaller children - Simple design layout may become boring to older childrenI would recommend this toy for children up to age 4 , depending on your child 's individual taste they may want a table with more features . Our 5 year old son has lost interest but our 2 year old loves it ! I hope this info has been helpful
 Great toy . My child loves it . It IS sort of big - way bigger than the Step2 water table . It 's about the size of an adult coffee table . I thought it 'd be smaller than a train table , but it 's about the same , just longer and thin versus more train tables being squarer . It might be a few cubic inches smaller than a train table , but that 's it . No complaints about any of that.The assembly , although not difficult , is annoying . One bridge did n't really fit flush like the others did and I 'm a little afraid that cars will get caught on it , but oh well.Your kid will love it , the bridges do n't move , so no having to go fix them every two seconds like a wooden track . So plus 1 for all the OCD people who get the heebeegeebees thinking about keeping track of that . HOWEVER ... The caveats : Stickers are NEVER going to line up - they are designed to short out . It tells you to leave gaps between the stickers , but even so , it 's more than you think . It WILL NOT EVER LOOK LIKE THE PICTURE . The instructional picture shows a continuous decoration , uninterrupted . This must be from the prototype . The stickers do n't even have the tracks printed to the edge of the stickers , there is a built in margin , so even if they were perfectly butted up to each other , there is a built in gap , so the picture 's a fraud . If that is a deal breaker for you , do n't buy it , you 'll be mad.Once you get over that fact , and get over yourself trying to be a perfectionist , it 's not the worst thing in the world . It is tedious , and even the relaxed will find themselves pulling the stickers back up and redoing them in an attempt to make them suck less . It 'll never be perfect , it can just suck less . However , your kid probably wo n't care and when you think of it as decoration instead of a feature , it 's not as upsetting.It 's still day one with it , but my 2 year old loves it and has so much fun running his matchbox cars up and down the ramps . Like everyone else says in other reviews , it 's crappy that instead of a nice plastic top , you get this cardboardy/plywood top that has a hole instead of a handle , so it ca n't go outside and is n't as durable in that way as the water table that Step2 makes . But if you know that ahead of time , it 's not that upsetting .
 Purchased this for our 3 year old grandson . He loves , LOVES this ! Hours of fun for him & us ! He is not easily entertained for long at the time , but playing with his Match Box cars and trucks keeps him occupied a lot . He loves the train that comes with the table also . First place he heads for when he comes over . Well worth every penny .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . He is 2 years old . He loves this item and has not stopped playing with it . It is very durable and perfect for matchbox cars and trucks and other small toy cars . I would recommend this item for any parent with children who love cars !
 For starters , mad props to Amazon . Ordered on a Sunday and delivered on Wednesday with super saver shipping . This was an early Christmas gift from a great uncle who asked us to buy a present for our boys.The train table is not nearly as neat looking as it is in the picture . Assembly is a breeze , the hardest part is that you have to stick on the stickers . After about 20 minutes of putting it together , my boys were set to play . They have literally sat on it -LRB- 4 y/o -RRB- and no damage done . The toy does appear to be built rather well . My sons seem to enjoy it better than the basic Thomas train table we bought at a garage sale -LRB- and gave away -RRB- . His problem with that one was that the tracks would come undone - not with this one with permanent track systems . All our various trains seem to work on this table -LRB- Thomas , Circo , unknown brand -RRB- as well as LittlePeople Cars by Fischer Price and regular hot wheels.Only having it for one day , I can not attest to the durability and ongoing usage -LRB- especially with Christmas just days away -RRB- . However , this will be a nice addition to our creative play toys and will get a lot of use . Will update any significant changes withing a few months .
 This is just the right size for my two year old granddaughter . I love that it is self contained and the top can be used as a play table . My only problem right now is keeping her from climbing on it . LOL I look forward to many years of fun with this set .
 Gave to my almost three year old grandson for Christmas ... he loved it !!! Had his trains , cars , and even had animals -LRB- little people -RRB- grazing on the grass . With a baby brother on the way , this will be used for years .
 This was purchased for our 4 year old grandson . He loves it and has found not only the train that comes with it to be enteraining but also his little cars . He uses it for a race track . The hills help keep the cars in motion . His 19 month oldlittle brother loves it also . Perfect height for both of them .
 I like it , my nephew is very happy . This toy is perfect and fan . My nephew can crate new adventures . This toy is the best because the children can create . I love it .
 I bought this for my son who just turned 2 . He loves this thing . As soon as he saw it he has not stopped playing with it . He puts his matchbox cars , planes and trucks in it as well as the train that comes with it . I would recommend it to anyone looking for something fun for their kids .
 I have three children 5,2 , and 11 mos and they all love this toy ! They play with cars all day long , and when they are not using it , they close it up and use it as a table . This product is very durable if kids climb on it -LRB- not that you want them to climb on it -RRB- . Love how all the pieces stay together and nothing comes apart !! Would recommend this product for sure !!!!
 This was a Chrstmas gift for my twin 2 year olds . They were instantly in love with it . It fits all Matchbox and Hot Wheels cars as well as several brands of wooden trains making it work with the toys they already own . I love that it reinforces cause and effect , encourages imaginative play and is big enough for several children to play together . We are so pleased with this purchase . incredibly easy to assemble too !
 This train table is awesome but , it does NOT come with as many play items as it says . . they count each and every decal and extra track piece . . you really only get THREE . . yes just THREE play pieces with this . . not anything that would keep me from buying it all over again but , i hate it when they lie to you !
 Great for hot wheels or thomas trains . My three year old and eight year old both love it ! I like that it is multifunctional and that the track stays in place . Great price !
 I do n't think I 've ever reviewed a toy before , but thought I would for this table since we love it . I bought this a year ago for my 2.5 year old son . A year later , he still loves it and spends a lot of time playing with it . It is the perfect place to race his matchbox cars . It 's very durable and easy to assemble . I have a 10 month old baby who also loves it ... he just learned to pull himself up , and now loves to stand with his big brother and play with a random assortment of things he places in the table himself . It 's probably the best toy we 've ever gotten for the kids .
 I purchased this for my 2 1/2 year old son , however my 14 month old loves playing with it too . I like that the table is molded plastic and the upper tracks are permanently fixed -LRB- nothing to get lost -RRB- ! I had to assemble the legs and upper tracks myself , however it was easy and did n't take a long time . Applying the stickers was a little more time consuming , however the directions were easy to understand and follow . The table came with a 3 piece wooden train , however most of my sons Matchbox cars fit on the tracks . This table is durable and can take the stress of both my boys climbing and sitting on it . The lid has a slick surface that is perfect for coloring on or other activities . I can not think of a reason to not recommend this product !
 We just bought this table for our two year-old son who actually will not be two until March but we ordered it early and Daddy could n't wait to build it it so we gave it to him early : -RRB- He loves it and will scoot around the table playing with it for a long time . Even his 7 year-old sister plays with it . Our favorite part is that it has a lot of tunnels and slides to make it more interesting !
 We bought this table after reading all the great reviews about the tracks being permanent . We love it ! And more importantly , so does our 21 month old son . He plays with it every day and we ca n't remember life without it . Definitely one of the best purchases of his short life so far . Things we love about it : - Tracks do n't come off - It fits matchbox type cars and several other brands -LRB- Disney Cars , etc -RRB- - Easy to wipe off - Good height - Table top easy to put on and off . Top good for Duplo lego blocks , etc - Was n't too hard to assemble.Would have given it 10 stars if that was an option .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this train table ! i just happened across this one when I was looking for one for my son . It is perfect b/c you do n't have to actually put any track pieces together which means my son ca n't pull them apart !! He got this for his 3rd bday and both he and his 4 yr old sister have fun with this table . It is very durable . both of them can be on top of it at the same time and it shows no sign of wear & tear . I followed the advise of the other posters who said to put the stickers on first before any other assembly . It is very lightweight so I can move it by myself to be out of the way behind the couch when we need the space in the living room . My husband has told me several times what a good job I did in picking out this item .
 Like most of the reviews you will read here , mine is also in favor of this product . I stumbled across it before last Christmas . My 2 year old would throw his Thomas tracks often , sometimes hurting one of us . I was so excited to see how durable this train track was and had tracks that stay bolted down . I thought he would n't like this , but he did n't mind at all . He even climbs on it and it still holds his 32 pound body weight . We have kittens that climb under the tunnels and watch the trains , which is fun too . We use the battery operated Thomas trains that seem to work fine on the outer edge of the track . They have a hard time on the middle track , since they are larger they wo n't turn the corners well . He uses all sorts of match box cars and trains on the tracks . Sometimes he will take bouncy balls and roll them off the hills . There really is so much to do with this track . We have n't put the lid on it yet to use it as a table , my son likes the track open at all times ! So , when they get older it will be a drawing table I 'm sure . This is really a great deal for the money if you compare it to other tracks .
 We gave this train and track table to our 4yr . and 2 yr . old grandsons for Christmas.They 've spent hours playing with it.They love it ! Their small matchbox size cars run on the track too . Another bonus is that the pieces of the track are fixed on the table and not getting lost or stepped on . The children also play with it as a table when the lid is on . Make sure that you have the room for this toy before buying . It needs a rather large space for storage and play , but highly worth it . I 'm tempted to buy another one to keep at Grandma and Grandpa 's house !
 We bought this table for our son for Christmas and he has played with it everyday since . It has held up against the banging from him and our ten month old twins . It is a great product for a decent price . I have friends who have the Thomas train track tables , but those are so expensive . This works just as great for a fraction of the price .
 The deluxe canyon table was a great purchase for our 2 year old son for Christmas this year . It is at a good height and is large enough for plenty of space to play , but not too big that it overtakes the entire room . The most beneficial aspect of this table is that all of the track/bridges are attached -LRB- once you 've assembled it , of course -RRB- . The lid is nothing fancy , but it is nice to have so that the kids can also set up another activity on top and play from all sides ; such as a dollhouse . Overall , this was a good purchase . You ca n't go wrong with Step2 products . They are very durable and lightweight . This was definitely worth the $ 80 we paid . You just ca n't get worked up about the stickers not matching up perfectly .
 I bought this for my 3 year old grandson and he absolutely loves it . Great value for the price and easy to assemble . Ease of changing from train track to table makes this an even better choice , simply place the table on top and you have a place for art , lunch etc. ...
 For those introducing cars or trains to their little ones , The Deluxe Canyon Road Train & Track Table is an excellent choice . My husband wanted to buy something for our son the two of them could play with together that was n't too babyish . After seeing this race track and reading the reviews , it was decided this would be the one . My 20 month old plays with this toy daily . You can find less expensive `` mini '' race tracks , but this is a much better buy . Another advantage to this race track , there is no sound . I am not one to complain about toys making noise or having lots of pieces as long as it entertains my son , but this does n't have either . If you plan to purchase additional cars , be sure you do NOT buy the Playschool Wheel Pals , they do n't fit . Stick with the matchbox type cars . The only negative to this race track is the size . It is too big to carry from room to room on a daily basis . It 's not a big deal to move it from one room to another , but you do n't want to be moving it several times a day .
 I thought I already posted a review on this item but I guess it somehow did n't go through . Well this item was sent by BabyAge two days after the purchase . Shipping was exrtremely fast and safe with tracking through UPS . Amazon had it for $ 79.99 and I notice the price keeps dropping . Overall this table is great . Very sturdy and easy set up is a total plus for parents , plus everything is already built in for easy clean up . Doubles up for storage for smaller toys . Trains and cars that came with are kindda cheap . Bought die cast metal trains at Toys r ' Us the following day to make it more enjoyable . I 'm currently looking into getting motorized battery operated Choo-Choo trains that will fit . Currently my sons are enjoying this table and uses their imagination . The eldest connects the trains and run it across the tracks and says `` CHOO CHOO !!! '' Only problem is there are times he does not wan na share with his little brother but he 's learning . Note
 My kids play with this every day . I bought it for my 5 year old . He just turned 5 to play with all of his cars on because I got really tired of all of the hotwheel tracks mess . They were always everywhere . Anyway , This is a nice table . I like that the track ca n't be taken apart . I also really like the lid . My son is a HUGE lego fan , so now he has a place to build , that 's not my dining room table . The only problem that we 're having with it , is that my 15 month old likes to climb on it but , what does n't he climb ? All in all it 's a great little table .
 I bought this for my almost 2 year old grandson . His parents tell me that out of all the piles of Christmas gifts he got , this is the best . He has spent hours with it and so have his cousins , ranging in age from 2 to 8 . They all love it !
 My 2 kids LOVE this train table ! It is so nice having the track attached so I dont have to worry about losing peices or having a big mess . My kids love it because they can fit all their matchbox cars , different trains besides just Thomas , even little cars from the movie Cars , which we have a whole lot of ! Plus it easily turns into a table just by putting the lid on , where my kids do arts and crafts and eat sometimes . Super sturdy , I see my 2 year old climbing on it . Plus it doubles as storage , at night I put all the toy cars and trains laying around my house inside it and close the lid so they can `` go to sleep '' . I highly recomend this table , my kids play with it everyday .
 Santa brought this for our 2 1/2 son for christmas and he LOVES it . It is just the right height for him to play on and there are no pieces to come apart like some of the hot wheels set . He runs his hot wheels cars on it and loves all the different hills etc on it . It is very durable and easy to move aside when not in use . We have not used the top yet as he has n't given it a moment 's rest .
 As a grandmother , I am very selective in purchasing quality toys for grandchildren . This canyon table exceeded my expectations in every way . It is very durable , easy to assemble , and an attractive addition to my grandson 's room . His mom was pleased with the neatness of the appearance and lack of removable parts !! She puts the top on and covers it up , if he wants to play something else on it . The two and a half year old fellow squealed with delight as he began moving his cars and trains around the paths , while we were assembling it . His four year old sister also loves playing with it with her small dolls . It is an outstanding item and I would recommend it to anyone for young children . You truly wo n't be disappointed .
 My son has not stopped playing with this since he got it ! The downward spiraling tracks keeps the trains and trucks from becoming a mess on the floor versus traditional train tables with a flat top .
 This has so many uses for the kids . Not only is it a kids table to draw or eat on , but it has a built in train and car road system to keep them entertained . Very sturdy and light weight that you can definitely place anyway in the room . This is definitely worth the investment and a great gift idea .
 We gave this table to our 2 yr . old grandson for his birthday . He would n't open or play with anything else , and finally fell asleep on it . He absolutely loves it .
 We bought this for my son who just turned 2 . He loves trains and cars and this table was perfect for his height . Even my 5-yr old daughter loves playing with this toy . It 's colorful , stable and lots of fun pretend play . Assembly was easy as my husband only took about 30 minutes to assemble it . The delay was for only putting/laying out all the stickers that came with it . Since the tracks are built-in on the table , I would highly recommend this for people like me who just do n't have the time to assemble tracks ready for play .
 Great product . Durable and easy to use . Kids love it . Also good for storage of trains/cars .
 We bought this for our son , 22 months , for xmas last year . WE had looked at many other tables first , but chose this one because of it 's durability ! It was easy to put together , took my husband about 30 minutes on Christmas Eve ... 20 of those minutes was spent putting the stickers on it . Our son loves this table ! His Thomas trains fit on the tracks , but so do all of his matchbox cars . Pretty much every small toy car/truck/train he has fits on it . The cover that goes over the table for other projects is very nice ! We store it under our couch and use it to play with our blocks/legos . This is the one toy we have that all the kids flock to at our house ... our son plays with it every day ! Worth every penny we spent on it !
 We bought this table for our sons ages 1 2/2 and 3 1/2 for christmas and it is worth every penny . The boys play with this toy everyday it is very sturdy they climb on it and under it and it is great ! The roads are the perfect size for matchbox and hotwheels cars . When they are not playing cars in it we put the top on it and they put together their geotrax train set on top . This is a great gift and the price is very reasonable .
 We bought one of those wood tables for our boys and they are a pain . I hated having to put the tracks together constantly , and the bridges never hold up . Save time and money and just get this one . Assembly is pretty easy , and my boys -LRB- ages 5 and 3 -RRB- love it ! Plus you can drive cars on it , which they do more than trains . The bridges and tracks are built in so they do n't come off . The only con would be that the tracks and road designs are stickers , but the stay on well , and are n't too hard to put on during assembly . I would definately recommend this table above all others . Your kids will love it !
 Bought this for my 3 yr old for Christmas . She always seems to love train tables , and well , I really did n't know if she liked them enough to cough up the serious $ $ $ $ for the real big tables . So I decided on this one . She likes it , and plays with it , and her friends -LRB- boys -RRB- play with it too , but not as much as the big tables -LRB- Thomas tables , etc -RRB- . We use mostly cars on this table , and she plays , but when our son gets older , we may upgrade to the big `` train tables '' . Is good for what we wanted for now , but if your child really loves train tables , just go the real deal . As for the durability , it is good . Putting it together , well , it takes a little time , and the stickers do n't really match up the greatest , but the kids do n't care .
 Santa brought this train table for our almost two year old son . He likes playing with the cars and three piece train set that came with the table along with a set of Hot Wheels cars Santa brought him as well . The table seems to fit small cars , and trains that you would normally play with on a wooden train table set including Thomas the Train . We originally looked at purchasing a wooden train table but concluded that the train set we would get with it would have too many pieces ! This table has built in tracks for the train and cars to ride on . It also has a top that goes on it to be used as an activity table . Pefect size too ! Not too big but not too small either . Good value for the money as well !
 My 2 year old boy has loved this table . Would recommend it to anyone that has kids that like to play with hot wheels cars or any other vehicle of that size.The 3 cars that come with the table are junk.My table arrived with a banged up box , and a broken leg . Luckily , only one of the screw holes was broken off , and the other three attachment points were n't damaged . I may have to strengthen the leg later on , because the kids love to lean on the table .
 I was looking at all the train tracks for my Grandson and this one seemed perfect for a toddler almost 3 years old . I wish that the stickers and the tracks were already put together before you buy it and that the only assembly would be the legs . It was frustrating putting the stickers on . They ended up being just a little crooked but in the end I did a pretty good job . I 'm sure my Grandson will enjoy it . He was inpatient waiting for me to put it together . I 'm giving it 4 stars because of the assembly .
 I bought this table for my two boys -LRB- soon to be 2 years old & 3 years old -RRB- It was very easy to put together and is very sturdy , they have not stopped playing with it . It comes with 3 trains and a few cars too , so that is always helpful , can never have too many to share ! I think this will be perfect even when my nephews come over to play , because it is pretty long in size to make room for all their arms to reach and play at the same time .
 This is the best ! It 's so nice to have the tracks built right into the table ! We also love that it has a table cover . That has been so nice ! We use this table daily . They can put the cover on it and sit and color , eat their snacks , it 's so multifunctional ! Love this train table !
 WE just put this in my sons playroom . . and he has played with it everyday since he got it ... absolutely loves it . . all the tracks are bolted in so not all over the playroom . . it fits the little engines from Thomas and matchbox cars and they can all be thrown in after hes done -LRB- he has over a 100 trains -RRB- and close it up@@@ for this age group this is the best train table availableONE SIDE NOTE put stickers on first !
 My son loves this !! He plays non-stop for hours . The table top allows us to use it for so much more . Definitely a great buy .
 My 2 year and and 6 year old both love this table . They spend hours upon hours playing with it .
 We bought this for my son 's 1st birthday and he LOVES it ! He has a 3 year old sister and they both play with it numerous times a day . Definately worth the money !
 I am glad that I purchased this table vs some of the heavy duty wood options . It was very easy to put together ; I took others advise & put the stickers on before putting the bridges , etc on.It is very light weight & easy to move . It is nice that the kids can play with cars , trucks & trains all on one table . And you do n't have all of the tracks pieces laying everywhere!I wish that my son played with it more , but when other kids come to our house , there is an instant attraction.Hopefully , he will play with it more this winter , when he is inside more .
 I purchased this train table for the children 's room of a public library , to replace a wooden train table . This table is great - easy to clean , the track is molded and bolted -LRB- plastic bolts -RRB- into place . The kids like it . It 's too soon to say how durable it is , but it looks go so far .
 My 2 year old twin grands -- boy and girl love this set . Make sure you put the decals on before attaching the bridges .
 This table is everything that I had hoped and wanted it to be and more . Putting the stickers on was a bit of a pain , but the look on my sons face at his third birthday party was priceless . He is the kind of child that craves a playmate and will bug you until he gets one , but he will play by himself for hours now . Hotwheels now makes trains that are perfect for this table , look into them if you are buying this . I can not say enough good about the table , my son and I love it . Step 2 is a great company with very durable , lasting products .
 Is very nice and strong my son loves to play with it the only thing bad abaut it is the litle train the comes with the set they r cheap made other than Thad I 'm happy with it ?
 We bought this table because our nephew in NY has a similar table , and our son did not stop using it for an entire visit one time . We got him this one for our house as his `` big brother gift '' when our daughter was born over a year ago , and he has used it nearly every day since . We love the versitiity of this table because it fits all types of cars and trains perfectly . The Take Along/Take and Play Thomas trains are the perfect size for this table . It is a much cheaper and versatile alternative to the expensive wooden Thomas sets .
 Very fun and durable toy . My two year old and seven year old both play with it . The flat surface is also a good play area . Very easy to put together and very sturdy ! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who has kids that like cars , trains , helicopters and/or soldiers -LRB- makes a great battlefield -RRB- . Just something to keep in mind-only narrow cars and trains will fit . So buy the table first and find a car that fits and THEN go to the store to buy the vehicles and trains -LRB- most mathcbox cars do fit -RRB- . Enjoy !
 I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old , he loves it . Plays from the time he get up in the morning till going to bed . My other grandsons came over and I had to buy another one , they never wanted to go home . Now they can stay off my tables in my living room . Its hours and hours of fun . The older kids love it too . Great invention .
 Like it alot especially the top is a table and a great height for little ones . The delivery for Xmas was perfect .
 We bought this table after a friend suggest a train table for our son for his birthday . I looked at a lot of different ones in a lot of different price ranges and decided I did n't want a BIG table or one that cost and arm and a leg and that 's when I found this one . I have since discovered two other friends have it and we all love it and would buy it again . My son plays with it for hours.The problems that we discovered
 my two year old has this table at his daycare and loves it , so we decided to have santa get it for him for xmas . assembly is pretty straightforward and takes about an hour - most of the time is spent applying the 30 or so stickers . we 've only had it for a couple weeks , but so far it 's been a great toy , plus it has a top you can lay over the tracks so you can use it as a table , have n't used it yet , but a great feature .
 Ordered this for my 1 and 2.5 yr old boys . This is soooooo much better than the $ 200 - $ 300 wooden table . The tracks are modled in the plastic which is great , no more broken tracks . Highly durable . Works with all Thomas trains . The battery powered ones kind of work , some of the tunnels are too narrow , but the Take-Along and Wooden Thomas engines are perfect and just about all cars fit too . Bought from Amazon with free super saver shipping on Dec 10 at night and got it on Dec 21 , just in time for christmas . I love Amazon .
 We got this for my two year old son for Christmas . We put it together quickly Christmas eve , only advice put the stickers on before the road way bits makes it a lot easier . My son did not get to play with it because we went out of town the day after Christmas , when we got back I took the top off and put his new train on the track stickers . He started moving them around and having a great time , having never played with a train table or such , I was pleased . I am so glad i did not buy the Thomas one as he can also play with his cars . It is really durable , my son of course climbed on it the first day , and it held up just fine . My only thing is the table top is a bit heavy , so I worry about where to stash it so he can not pull it over on himself .
 Santa brought our 2 1/2 yr old son this train table . He LOVES it ! The first thing he says when he wakes up in the morning is `` I wan na play with my train table '' ! In fact this is the first thing he says when we leave the house and when I pick him up from daycare ! He spends all evening playing with his trains and cars . I was happy to see that most of his Thomas Trains work with this table too . As for durability , we 've only had it since Christmas , but I have caught him several times sitting in the table and it has held up so far . He also keeps putting the lid on and taking it off . That has held up so far as well . He likes playing with his new blocks when the lid is on . Makes a great play table too ! I have already recommended this table to others . : -RRB-
 This is the best christmas present we bought our two year-old grandson . He loves it . His parents love it . Everyone loved it . We all played with Jakobe -LRB- he made us -RRB- with the train and cars . He stay occupied . It was easy to put together . And the extra benefit is that it has a table top to go over it , to be used for almost anything ; play-dough , more cars , or eat a meal with all his relatives . It is a fantastic gift !!
 I purchased this for my 16 month old son who loves trains more than anything . Angels are singing from the heavens !!! No more tracks falling apart ! And my son is so happy and engaged with this toy , it 's what we have both been waiting for . He will play with this so long on his own that I can even unload the dishwasher without his `` help . '' I like that it also has roads for cars , it is a one-stop vehicle lover 's paradise . I also like that the roads and tracks have many levels , tunnels , and bridges built in -- keeps things interesting so that even my 11 and 10 year old sons enjoyed some pretty cool momentum experiments with hot wheels cars . :--RRB- It is not as stylish and family-heirloom-looking as the expensive wooden tables , but oh well -- the khaki and red matches my family room , and it is such a fantastic deal for the price that I ca n't complain at all . And it 's got a smooth fiber-board cover so you can put all the trains and cars inside and use the table surface for something else . My older kids did shrinky dinks on it this morning . I recommend this to everyone who has a train-loving kid and a modest budget , you will not be disappointed .
 I bought this for my 2 year old son for Christmas and he loves it ! He 's been playing with it every day since he opened it . I chose this over the Thomas Train tables because I did n't want him taking apart the tracks and then having to put it back together again . Maybe once he 's older , I 'll buy him the removable track table but for now , this one works perfectly . It was SUPER easy to put together . Literally just install the legs , snap in some of the road pieces , and place the stickers . Done ! My son plays with his Thomas trains , Ikea trains and hot wheels on this train table and they all fit perfectly . This table comes with 3 trains too so he has added those to his collection . I especially like that it comes with a cover ! I plan on painting the cover with chalkboard paint in the future . : -RRB-
 This is a great table for our grandson who has DS . He loves the 3D track with over and under passes . He can enjoy additional activities when the table top is in place . He is 2 years old .
 Our grandchildren love it ! Great train table for little ones , especially good for our 17 month old grandson . Older children may prefer a table with more challenge with track building , etc. , but right now , this is perfect -- less messy !
 it was missing a piece to one of the bridges . I gave this as a gift to my Grandson for his birthday and much to my sadness he was unable to play with my gift . : -LRB-
 Being a mother to 3 boys of varying ages , I consider myself something of an expert on this topic . My youngest who just turned 2 is in the train phase , and I thought long and hard about whether or not to purchase a train table for him . Our older boys had wooden train tables that took up a lot of space , and did n't get used all that often . But I found myself thinking of a train table this time around -LRB- almost against my will -RRB- , because of the mess of tracks and trains I was continually tripping over . So the research began and it brought me to the Step2 table . This table absolutely exceeds my expectations .1 . It 's compact without feeling small . Some of the train tables on the market are obnoxiously big . .2 . It provides a nice built-in track system that ca n't be torn apart by your toddler . -LRB- a HUGE deal for me . -RRB- 3 . The cover allows for a fairly nice sized track to be set up on it if you do want to use your tracks . -LRB- This was important to me because we have amassed a nice collection of wooden railway items that I still wanted to be able to use .4 . You can store your trains underneath the lid when not in use.Our toddler has played with this a ton since Christmas , and mommy ' s patting herself on her back for making such an inspired purchase.A Few things to know
 My 4 yr old son pretends this table is our subdivision and loves it . It 's just the right size for him and very sturdy when he gets rough . It is n't too big either . We love it .
 I bought this for my almost 4 yr old and my 2 yr old for Christmas . They really enjoy it . I expected it to be really difficult to put together , but it really was n't . It took a little time-mainly putting the decals on . But it is sturdy . They board that you can put over the tracks is good quality , thick board . I expected something flimsy , but it 's sturdy stuff . Very pleasantly surprised . My kids play with this quite a bit , but they like to sit on top of the tracks and play , so the tracks and the whole thing is strong stuff . It can hold at least the 70-80 lbs they put on it . I 'm glad I purchased this . I think it will last a long time .
 My grandson loves this track , plays non stop with his cars on it ... too bad a little chair did n't come with it so he can sit while using the table top ...
 He plays with it a lot and the cover now allows us to build tracks on top of the table . I gave it 4 stars because the cover does n't sit absolutely flush atop the table and the material is cheap particle board . But for the price , the table is totally worth it .
 Everytime we are around train tables with wooden tracks , my son instantly gravitates there and plays there for the longest time ... it 's hard to take him away from it . The only issue I had with the wooden track train tables or any tables with connecting tracks , is that 2 year olds -LRB- and older kids -RRB- take the tracks apart and get frustrated when they do not go back the same way ... it is a pain in the butt . This table rocks because there are no tracks ... just a great plastic road that has hills , turns , etc. . My son LOVES it . He can use wooden trains , small metal Thomas trains and matchbox cars on it . The decals are really cute and look awesome once you put them on . I definitely recommend this table for anyone who has a child that loves trains and toy cars . My daughter even gets in on the train table fun .
 Step2 has done it again with an excellent , developmentally appropriate and durable toy . We bought this toy for my son when he was a 1.5 years old . He plays with it for over an hour every day . The set up was pretty straight-forward . You get a pamphlet that shows you where the stickers and bridges go , and you replicate the picture . It makes things easier to put the stickers on first . The pegs that attach the bridges are tough on the thumbs , so you may want to use a mallet of some sort . The legs come with screws but we used it just fine without them screwed in for a few days , but we eventually did screw them in . Give yourself at least 20 minutes.What 's great about this table ? 1 . -RRB- All the pieces are contained within the table . No trains or tracks strewn across the floor for you to step on ! 2 . -RRB- The tracks work with just about any train model . Anyone familiar with the Thomas marketing machine knows that there is more than just one Thomas ! Trackmaster , die-cast , wooden , Take-along , Little Engineer Megablock , battery-operated , etc. . It can be very frustrating to have incompatible tracks and trains , but these tracks are compatible with mostly all models ! 3 . -RRB- The lid is light and easy to slide between the couch and the wall when not in use . But it is very useful for play . My son loves to use it for play-doh . I do n't know why but he loves to shove play-doh down the hole in the lid . Also , it may look like a white board , but it 's not . Just white particle board . Mine actually came with a chip in it . It did n't bother me though because it was just cosmetic .4 . -RRB- The sticker images are lovely and encourage imaginative play . The cow is cute . The helicopter landing pad is just right for Harold . And my son likes to use an elephant toy to slurp up water from the lake to splash in Henry 's face .5 . -RRB- It does n't come with storage , but there is plenty of room underneath for you to store things . Unlike other train tables though , you wo n't need to store any tracks or toys -LRB- see # 1 -RRB- ! 6 . -RRB- Comes with 3 wooden trains -LRB- engine , caboose and flat car - none magnetized -RRB- and 3 hotwheels-like cars -LRB- car , pick-up and van -RRB- . Cute , but did n't get as much love as the Thomas line . -LRB- Any one else agree that Britt Allcroft is a genius ? How does the Thomas line have such a strong grip on the hearts of our children ? -RRB- . What 's not great about this table ? 1 . -RRB- The hills are quite steep and battery-operated trains can not make it up on their own -LRB- which defeats the point of motorization , really -RRB- .2 . -RRB- The tracks are compatible with almost all trains , but some of the larger trains -LRB- Trackmaster , etc -RRB- do not fit under the bridges.All in all , no complaints here . The weakness of this train table is also it 's strength . The tracks are stationary which limits imaginative play . If you 're going to keep it simple with a limited number of small , non-motorized trains , this is just right . But as you expand your engine fleet and your child advances in creativity , you might find this table to be lacking . This table has served us so well over the past year or so , but we are now ready to move on to a flat table with movable tracks . We 're considering moving this table to the patio to be used as an outdoor toy , or we 'll store it in the garage until baby brother grows into it .
 My 2 year old son loves playing with his Step2 Deluxe Canyon Road Train & Track Table . Originally , we were planning to get a Thomas the Train table -LRB- over $ 200 for just the table and top alone -RRB- but after reading the reviews on Amazon and looking at the pictures we decided to get this table so my son could also use his Hot Wheels cars with it . The table is durable and easy to clean . Once in a while he will climb on the table and it 's sturdy enough to support his weight.The table comes with a removable laminate particle board which can be used for arts and craft projects . The box ships in the original carton and is a huge box ! Assembly is straightforward ; all you need is a Philips screwdriver to screw in the 4 legs -LRB- 4 screws per leg -RRB- and to stick the decals on the tracks and table . The decals are sturdy and very sticky so make sure you have it in the right position before you stick them on . Decals can be easily wiped clean with a damp napkin.Even after 2 months , my son still plays on this table everyday , so it was worth the money .
 We ordered this for our son 's 2 year birthday . It arrived quicker than anticipated and is perfect for our son . He spends hours each day playing on it , sitting on it , and his 6 and 5 year old siblings are having fun with it as well ! We love that the table is reasonably priced and has no loose pieces to come apart -LRB- or for him to throw ! -RRB- . This is a great toy buy !
 I bought this table for my 2 year old son . He loves it ! The first week we got it he cried everyday when he had to leave the table to go to daycare!It was very easy to put together . Putting the stickers on without getting any bubbles was the most difficult part and it was n't bad . I love that there are n't any loose pieces to worry about ! And that any `` matchbox '' size car or train will fit . At the end of the day I can just toss all of his cars inside and put the cover on and we 're ready to go the next day.It 's very sturdy . My son is 32 lbs and he climbs on the table quite often . I highly suggest this table for any car/train crazy kid ! And for any parent who is sick of trying to find all the missing pieces of race track/train tracks !
 This table is my son 's favorite toy , by far . He 's had it since he was about 21 months old , and he plays with it every single day , even now 6 months later . Even my 7 month old likes to sit with my 2 year old and `` play '' with it . Every kind of car and train can fit on it , and it doubles as a `` coffee table '' with the lid on . Best purchase we 've made . I highly recommend this table . It 's a huge hit at our house .
 I purchased this item for my son for a gift for his second birthday . I was so excited to give it to him that we did n't wait until his birthday . This table is awesome ! The table looks even better than the pictures . It is bright and colorful and provides loads of fun ! He uses his Matchbox Cars and Thomas Trains on it . My daughter , age 4 , also loves to play with it . The table is large enough where the two of them can play together without getting in each others way . In fact the table is so large that my son sometimes feels inclined to climb into it so he can push his cars around the middle tracks . The table is quite large - it is the size of a large coffee table.The only downside that I have found is that it was a nightmare to assemble - The stickers were hard to put on and do n't line up well -LRB- which is annoying to me -RRB- . Trying to screw the legs in was also a pain . You have to screw through the plastic and there are no prefabricated holes which makes it difficult . Even with my power screw driver , I had a bit of trouble . I also got blisters trying to push in the tracks . I have found this to be the case with a lot of the Step 2 products though . However , as with our other products , after the nightmarish assembly - the toys hold up and get lots of use!We love Step 2 products and have purchased several items from them in the past . I highly recommend any Step 2 product - they withstand lots of abuse from your kids and provide loads of entertainment , not to mention - they are very reasonably priced . We also own the kitchen , toy box , water table , Kangaroo Climber and kitchen table . They are by far the most played with toys in our house . You ca n't go wrong with Step 2 .
 Believe it or not , we bought this train table for a 4-year-old GIRL , our daughter . All she wanted for Christmas was a train table , so we really compared different types before we bought . We decided on this one because the track does n't come apart . A family member has a train where the track has to be put together piece by piece and easily comes apart . We have NO mess with this table ! Also , you can use any wheeled toy on the track
 Bought this Train & Track Table for my two year old for Christmas , first off the table is very sturdy and durable construction . The table only comes with on 3-piece train set , so I would suggest you buy another train and a few cars to go with this table . You can put on the hardboard lid to cover the Train & Track , so they can play board games and other toys on top . The price is n't bad for the size and the durably of this table.Pros : Durable constructionTwo in one , train table and play table.Can use different types of cars and trains , like matchbox and Hot Wheels cars.Cons : Stickers are hard to put on correctly.My son enjoys playing with his toys on the table then the Train & Track .
 Got this for my 2 yr grandson . He adores trains , and we wanted safety and durability . This item fits ALL of those requirements . Perfect !
 I have two boys , one who is two and the other is almost four . They had a set of tracks , but I had to put them up out of reach because they would always fight over them . With this table , they can both play , and the fighting is very much reduced . The table is sturdy and durable , and the boys love sending the trains down the `` slides '' . Definitely worth the price !
 I was very pleased with the table . I sent it to my grandson for his 2nd birthday . The table is durable and just the right size .
 My son is almost 2 and he absolutely LOVES this table . He not only plays with his trains , but his Hot Wheels fit the tracks as well . It 's low enough that he 's able to play comfortably on it , and it was really easy to assemble . Has been abused repeatedly and it 's still intact - very durable . I only have 3 complaints
 Ordered this for our 2year old grandson ... . he plays with this for hours with the train that came with it and also little matchbox cars ... he also uses the cover when he colors and eats his lunch.His little friends also enjoy playing with it ... choo choo ... . vroom vrom
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 18 mth old son and he has played with it ever day since for hours at a time . We use it as an activity table when he 's not playing with his trains . I would definitely recommend buying some Thomas trains and hot wheels to go with the table . The included trains are cheap and not well built .
 My four year old grandson spoke of nothing else but a train table for Christmas . He has played many hours since Christmas morning and assures me that this is his favorite gift this year . He was also thrilled to learn that I could place the top on the table and he could eat his meals there . What a great toy .
 My 17 month old son got it for Christmas and ca n't stop playing with it . It comes with a train , but we also use his cars and train set . My girls -LRB- 6 and 5 -RRB- also love playing with their little brother with this . He did n't wan na open anything else since this was a `` Santa '' gift . The set up was really easy . some of the stickers are a little spaced , but for a 1 year old it 's perfect . We had a blast Christmas eve putting the stickers and track on . I will say put the stickers on BEFORE the track . Found out he hard way . . lol . My my son LOVES it and I would recommend this toy to anyone !!!
 The Step2 Deluxe Canyon Road Train & Track Table is great for toddlers to learn self-play and use their imagination to explore the art of play . The size of the table is just right , not too wide or too long so it easily fits in my 3 year-old 's room . He uses his matchbox cars and other cars on the tracks which makes it nice to mix up the play time between cars and trains . As with all of the other Step2 products I have purchased , it is extremely durable and handles the beatings my son dishes out . We look forward to hours of play with our son and recommend this particular toy to others .
 This was a big hit for Christmas ! It 's exciting not to have a huge amount of train tracks all over the house . And the top that covers the table is a great place for creative play .
 I purchased this for my son for christmas . It was very easy to put together but the stickers were time consuming and do n't match up perfectly . I had to have a gap between all stickers . : / The train tracks themselves are super easy to put together but the lowest track does n't fit as flat as it should . The roadways for the trains are very narrow . I purchased some motorized thomas the train 's so he could just turn them on and watch them go around but they do n't fit . I also purchased some toy cars which fit . When I recieved my train table in the mail , the white board table was broken at one side . I guess in shipping it got damaged . I contacted Step 2 directly and they sent me out a new table top . The table top is thin plywood . So if the edges get wet or the side that does n't have the white coating , it will warp . Also my son -LRB- 21 months -RRB- loves jumping off everything ! He has already jumped off this table so many times ! So I wo n't put the table top on because I know his weight will break it . Overall ... I love it ... He throws the trains and cars around the room but the train tracks wo n't budge ! My four year old daughter loves playing with it as well . The table has mountains and a pond -LRB- stickers -RRB- so she gets her dolls and has picnics with the scenery .
 I bought this train table for my Grandson for Christmas . He is two years old and loves trains of all kinds . Christmas morning he got up to see what Santa bought him and he had all kinds of toys . When we took the top off of the train table he immediately dropped everything and ran to play with his new train table . We could not get him away from it ! He played for hours and could care less for anything else that Santa bought him.The table is a good size . Large with plenty of room to roll the cars and trains around . Almost any train or small car will roll on it.In putting the table together , my son noticed that the holes for the screws that hold the legs on had to be pre-drilled . That was no problem though . The stickers were a little tedious to put on but if you take your time , they will go on just fine . They will not match up but that is O.K. . A small child will never know the 1/4 inch gap in between the stickers.This was a GREAT buy for the money . Very sturdy plastic and well made.My Grandson loves it so much that he wants to take it with him when he leaves the house , which is impossible . I am going to buy a second one to have at my home for him to play with .
 Grandson loved it , he can play with his cars , train and any toy that rolls inside of it and build anything on top with the top in place . Good deal ... and easy to put together .
 This is perfect for cars , and trains.When it is not being used it makes a great play table top .
 pros
 My son and daughter love this ! The tracks are built in and since there is a lid toys are easily stored inside . Great buy ! Very durable .
 I like the fact everything is container inside and the cover makes it into great table . I hate the fact it does n't come with decals on it !! So annoying . Cheap stickers you have to apply .
 This train table is the perfect size and my son has already had so much fun playing with it . The stickers were a little frustrating to put on but other than that it is absolutely perfect !
 I bought this for my 5 yr old nephew and 2 yr old niece and they both LOVE it ! A must buy !
 This is a great toy for my 2 year old son . My 4 year old daughter loves it too . This will last for years .
 My sons have had this train table for 2 years now . It has been a wonderful train table ! It was easy to put together . My 2 year old was able to pull out the track at the connector pieces , but nothing that a little glue wo n't hold in place ! My 45 lb son has repeatedly climbed on and stood on this table . . no damage done . Step 2 products are built to last ! This table will take matchbox vehicles and Thomas the Train vehicles . The sticker decals have stayed in place as well .
 I bought this table for my son 's 3rd birthday and he LOVES IT!He has always loved matchbox cars and this is the perfect size for them , he plays with it off and on all day long ... when he first opened it he played with it for a good hour : o -RRB- My 8 month old loves it too since it 's the perfect height for him to pull up on and stand at and play ... it 's really sturdy too so I do n't have to worry about him pulling it down on top of himself.Love that the tracks stay in placeThe only negative thing -LRB- which really is n't even negative -RRB- is that it 's so light that it slides easily on along the floor when my 3 year old leans on it or something , but we have laminate floors so it would n't be an issue on carpetOverall this is the perfect table for a train or car lover : o -RRB-
 When this table arrived and I found I had to put it together with screws , I was n't sure how easy it would be for a 70 yr old great-grandma . It was a snap ! I used a cordless screwdriver . Those long screws make it so durable . It 's very light weight , easy for me to move alone , and since it 's screwed together , it does n't come apart when you pick it up . Both my granddaughter and grandson play with it . The drawback is the tracks are not very wide . There are three little train cars that come with it and I think the smaller magnetic Thomas trains will work . But not the bigger battery operated ones . All in all , it 's a winner . I like it better than the more expensive emaginarium one .
 My 5 yr old son always wanted one of those Thomas the Train tables that cost on average $ 300 . When I saw this for $ 75 and free shipping , I decided it was worth the risk and he loves it !! It made an excellent Christmas gift . And it 's built so well , I will be able to pass it down to my niece when my son grows out of it . It was very easy to put together and it 's light enough for me to move it/carry it with out any struggling .
 We got this for our 2-year old for his birthday/Christmas . He loves it - There is not a day that goes by that he does n't play with it . Additionally - his 7 year old and 3 year old cousin loved it too - so I 'm sure he 'll enjoy it for years to come ! The stickers did n't line up perfectly - but I guess I 'm OCD with things like that . :-RRB- All in all - a great table that I 'm so glad we bought . PS - It is especially helpful for younger children - the cars/trains go on the track and do n't have to be lined up a certain way so it is easier and less frustrating for them to use .
 My son loves his step 2 table ... plays it when he gets home from until dinner !! I love that he can play with cars and trains and so does he !! He said this was the best toy that he has every gotten !! Very strong built and look forward to what else step 2 comes up with !!
 This toy is definitely worth buying ! We bought this for our 2 year old son for Christmas last year . he still plays with it everyday ! All sizes of cars and trains fit on this train/car table . He actually plays with all types of toys on it , including rolling balls up and down the hills : - -RRB- When we have guests over the little kids all flock to this table ! both boys and GIRLS ! We have only used the lid as an art table a few times but it certainly is sturdy and can be used for any kind of play .
 My son received this as an early 2nd birthday present . He absolutely loves it ! His cousin has a train table that just has the roads painted on , but this table is 3D ! It is so much better than the other train tables that just have the roads painted on . I did n't put it together , my mother-in-law and her boyfriend did . However , if they can put it together , anyone can ! I would definitely recommend this !!! My son uses it for both cars and trains . I can not say enough about this table !!
 I was looking online for a table for my son to color and paint on and I found this activity table from Step 2 . My son loves the roads and tracks . The cars/trains that come with the table are a little cheap so we bought a couple matchbox cars and they work great . The table is perfect height for my 1 1/2 year old . The table top is a easy to clean up with a magic eraser . Overall a great toy and a perfect place for my little guy to color all he wants .
 I bought this for my son when he was fifteen months old . He is now almost two and he still plays with it almost every day . He likes it when someone else plays with him but he is happy to play with it alone too . He has tons of cars he plays on it with and he loves to make them crash ! He also likes to run over his plastic cow ! So I guess it is good for his imagination .
 We got this for our son for Christmas and it was a huge hit . He loves it and plays with it frequently . I love that it has a lid that goes on quick and covers it up . Also , since everything -LRB- except cars and trains obviously -RRB- is attached there are no random pieces throughout the house to get lost or chewed up by the dog . I would definitely recommend this train table .
 I love this train table ! It is great quality and works great at a low price . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 awesomekids love itgood deala + a + a + a + a a + a + a + a a + a + a + aa + a + a + + a a + + a a + a
 My two grandsons , ages 2 and 3 , abolutely love this table . They use thier cars and Train sets . They both play together . A great toy they can share , with plenty of room for both to play . I would highly recommend this product . It is sturdy and both boys went wild when they saw the table .
 Got this for my 18 month old and we have had it for 2 months now . It is his most frequently played with toy and he absolutely adores it . We kept the 3 little trains that came with the table and use them to talk about colors -LRB- red/blue/yellow -RRB- . We also got 3 mini replica CTA -LRB- Chicago -RRB- trains . With the 6 trains he is set for hours - especially if someone sits opposite him and pushes trains back and forth with him . I do n't think more than 6 trains would comfortably fit on the table if you 're moving them around.I really like that he ca n't pull apart the tracks -LRB- they 're really just roads with track stickers -RRB- . The table is a good height and big enough that the little guy ca n't really push it around too much and ca n't tip it over when he tries to climb on it . I was originally concerned that it would look cheep in our living room , but the sides and legs just look like a table and you ca n't really see what 's in the ` valley ' of the table when if you 're not right next to it . We have never once put the lid on it , though it seems sturdy enough.I would recommend for little kids , but if your kid is a bit older this would prevent him from the creativity of creating his own train tracks that some of the flat tables would encourage .
 Bought 2 of these tables as gifts . My grandsons love it !!! The play for ours . Even when they go to each others house they play with it . Best money ever spent . Table is very sturdy . I expect it to last a very long time . Even our soon to be born grandson will get to use it !
 I bought this for Christmas for my 23 month old son . He absolutely loves it , and plays with it every day , throughout each day . It 's a high quality item , and it looks fine in my living room . We use the &#34; wooden railway &#34; Thomas trains , and they fit perfectly . I highly recommend this item . Plus , best of all , it 's made in the USA !
 We have a three year old son we wanted a train table for , but were concerned that our 16 month old twins would continuously destroy the track . This table was the perfect solution . Our son can enjoy it without his sisters destroying it . I do think its a draw back that you can not change the track into different patterns like with traditional tables , but if you have a situation like us I defienately recomend it .
 All neatly attached to the table , so no messes with the tracks all over the place . Matchbox like cars also fit the tracks . The boys love playing with it .
 Very Nice . It 's all of what I expected . My grandson loves it . It 's a very durable construction & was worth the wait for a late Christmas present . It was my fault for looking at all the stores & they did not have it in stock . All along it was right here at my fingertips .
 I bought this track for my 3YO son . He loves it , and I do too . He has a great time pushing his trains and hot wheels cars around the track . We have great fun , and he never gets bored because of the different levels and twist and turns he can push his trains on . This table is really nice , and the storage concept is great . It 's so convenient to be able to just put the top on , and not have to put away the cars and trains in another place . Work the money .
 We just gave this to our son for his second birthday , and he loves it ! Easy assembly . Most of his Matchbox cars fit , so he usually has 15 + cars and trains going at once . The train that comes with it is a little cheesy , but the cars do n't separate too easily and it 's simple for a 2-year-old to put them back together . It looks like it will be easy to clean and seems very sturdy -- he has already tested by climbing , and it did n't wobble in the least . Now if we could just get him to let us push cars on the tracks , too ...
 The product arrive early then expectec . -LRB- I love quick service . -RRB- The kids love playing with it in and out door .
 Any toy that is self contained can be considered a five star toy in my book ! Step 2 developed a toy that is not only entertaining for children , but is great for parents , too ! For my kids , it 's exceptionally sturdy and can easily hold the weight of a 26 lb toddler -LRB- and probably much more , but I have n't gotten the opportunity to personally test that yet -RRB- . Most of the Hotwheels and Thomas the Train toys can fit on the tracks so there 's plenty to do . An additional bonus is that a table top is included , so art projects can be done on top of this table.For my husband and me , the cleanup is amazingly simple
 My 2 year old son loves this table -LRB- and so does his 4 year old and 7 year old sisters -RRB- . Putting the stickers on is a little tedious but not bad . I think its a great 1st track since there are no tracks and pieces to come apart . Everything is screwed down or molded in and I love just throwing all his car , motorcycles and trains in there when he 's done and shutting the lid !
 Fantastic alternative to train table . We had a train table and my boys loved to play with it but got frustrated by the tracks always coming apart . This table is perfect , my 6 1/2 year old loves it as well as our Two year old for whom it was intended . I love that it is light enough to move it outside on a nice day and everything gets stored inside ... no mess ! The fact that all the roads and bridges are part of the table makes it fantastic for all ages no frustration !!!! Would recommend to anyone ...
 This is a super alternative to the usual train tables with removable tracks . I love that there 's no mess in my living room from this , and my 2-year-old daughter loves to play with it . She has the wooden trains that come with it and a Thomas train that works just fine with it.I had a few minor problems with it , but certainly recommend it highly despite these problems -- it 's an excellent toy and priced well.-Stickers
 This is one of the best train tables that I have found especially for younger kids . my son got this for his 2nd birthday and it is by far his favorite toy . The table is very sturdy , he climbs over it all the time , the tracks work with the thomas trains , and hot wheels cars . The fact that their is a cover for it makes it quick to turn into a arts and crafts table , also it 's nice that it comes with three cars and three magnetic connectable trains . One of the best aspects of this table is that the track is contained which means the train or cars do n't fall off the track and the track does n't come apart if handled to roughly which can be very frustrtaing for little ones . no my 9month old loves to stand up holding on to it and watch his brother play with the choo choos . I would highly recommend this table to anyone .
 My son absolutely loves this table ... keeps him occupied for hours ! It was pretty easy to put together . My only frustration was that it did take a bit of muscle since there were no pre-drilled holes . A drill would be highly recommended . One of the bridge pieces also does n't seem to fit quite right . Other than that it 's a great toy . My 2-year old loves it !
 My 2 year old son loves this train table . It is soo nice that the tracks ca n't come apart . It is also nice that most Matchbox cars and Thomas trains fit on the tracks.My only complaint is that it is not for outside use -LRB- which is the reason I bought it -RRB- and it is a fair large table to have inside.Overall though it is great durable train table !!!
 My two year old LOVES this toy . This was his big present from us and he plays with this toy non-stop . It is just his height and he can reach everything that he wants to . I like it because you can use any car or train that you want to , and you are not limited on `` Thomas '' or any particular brand . I would recommend to anyone that has a two year old or older . My five year old also loves this toy .
 We purchased this for my 2 year old son . He absolutely loves this table . He had gotten some wooden tracks and everytime someone would set them up for him he would tear them all apart and we would spend the next 1/2 hour searching for them all just a nightmare ! The best thing about this is everything is connected no mess to clean up . My son has some wooden Thomas trains and some Play Along Thomas trains -LRB- metal ones -RRB- the problem with having the two different kinds of trains is none of the tracks would be compatible for both sets however this table really has no tracks only roads with stickers that look like tracks making it virtually possible to fit any small vehicle including hot wheels . My son has spent numerous hours everyday playing with this . The only time the lid goes on is after he goes to bed when I pick up his toys . I like that now I can store all his 50 some Thomas trains inside . Harold the Helicopter even has his own sticker landing pad . This was very easy to put together took at the most 10 minutes . The hardest part was my 2 year old son was standing next to me and when I was trying to put the decals on and was having the trains race at the same time . This table set has one bad thing and that is the little train and cars that came with my table were very cheap and arrived with wheels broken off one and a little windshield broken off of another this could create a choking hazard for little ones . I threw them all away ! I did get a pamphlet to register my product with Step 2 and when I went to their website I found that this toy was rated one of the top 5 pre-school toys of 2005 by the Today Show ! One more thing I want to mention is I did purchase it through this website it says on product info that it usually ships within 2-3 days well it took over a week to ship ! It took 2 weeks from date of purchase until it arrived so if you are buying this for an event where you will need it by a certain date I would recommend purchasing it ahead of time .
 For the price the value is EXCELLENT . You are getting a table with the tracks attached so no pieces to lose ! You can put the cover on and instant art table . Hot wheels and the smaller Thomas trains fit on it too . My son loves it and so do all the kids who come over to play . My son climbs on it and he is large for his age - so I know it is extremely durable -LRB- as are most Step 2 items . I highly recommend this table .
 I dont usually write reviews but this toy is so great that i thought i would . i know that buying a train table is a big purchase and i just wanted to let everyone know that this one is perfect . We just bought ours yesterday and my little guy hasnt stopped playing with it ! I love that the tracks are in place . We bought wooden track at first and he just took it apart . Also , it comes with great little cars and a 3 piece train . Another good thing is that if you already have wooden track or want to eventually buy some you can just put the top on the table and set up your wooden track there . Overall this is 5 stars by far-great value , grows with your child , sturdy and fun !
 My son who just turned two loves thomas the train and all of the little train table at the toy store . However most of them come apart , pieces will get lost and if the tracks are not in place it sort of defeats the purpose of the table . This table is wonderful for that . The pieces are all together so that it is perfect for the little ones . The table says for 3 and up . I am not sure why . This table is perfect for my two year old . I guess they think a younger child might try to swallow pieces of the little cars/trains that come with it . But my child has been over putting things in his mouth that are not edible for over a year . So I would recommend this table to anyone whos child loves trains and doesn eat small things ! The only downfall to this table is putting all the stickers on . It is a PAIN . I am not a perfectionist though so I dont really mind a few bubbles and ripples here and there . -LRB- Neither does my son Aiden -RRB- Buf if you do , it will drive you nuts . It is impossible to get the stickers to fit perfectly . Overall great , durable , fun table !
 We got this table for our 2 boys -LRB- 4.5 and 18 mos -RRB- for the holidays and they still play with it everyday ! We have it in our basement family room and use it as a snack / play-doh table with the top on . All their little trucks , trains and cars store right inside and the little one even climbs right in to play.The only minor downfall is that the bridges come off pretty easily , as our older one discovered when he decided to do a `` bridge is out -- spiderman to the rescue ! '' play scenario one day . Since then , he takes them off consistantly , which caused me to worry that we would lose a bridge permanantly one day soon.To remedy this minor flaw , I simply glued the bridges in place with craft glue made for plastics . Now the table is perfect and spiderman instead rescues trains and cars that fall over the sides of the canyon walls and bridges and land in the water . : -RRB- Spiderman -- you 're our hero !
 Let my 2 yr old son open a present early this year and it was this one . I 'm glad it was early because it was missing the bridges , vehicles and screws for the legs . I should be receiving them from Step 2 in a week or so . The stickers are a little hard to put on and they do n't seem like they will stay on long because they seem to be coming off already ... after 2 days . I do like this item because my so gets frustrated with interlocking roadways and train tracks when they fall apart . I think all in all this is a great item for toddlers . Even my 7 yr old daughter plays with it .
 This was the `` toast '' of the Christmas tree for our three year old . It was easy to assemble and came with all components needed . It 's bright and sturdy - something we were looking for since our tot is tough on toys he enjoys . His hot wheels and thomas train -LRB- wooden version -RRB- fit on the tracks as well . The lid is a great feature that pops on the set when not in use and turns into a table for art or building . The most priceless thing about it was watching my father , husband , thirty-something brother , and twelve year old son play with this set . My little one has had hours of fun with it . It did n't get a five star rating because you have to embellish the track and roads with stickers . My husband likes to do that kinda thing , so it was n't a hardship for us . This was a great buy !
 My son is a train fanatic and loves this table . He has a large wooden table also , but this is by far his favorite toy ! He even loves the cars and trains that came with it . Super easy to assembly . Even bigger than I thought it would be . I did n't find the stickers too tedious . Easy enough to bring from room to room . A terrific table and a super value !
 My husband and I bought this for my son for his second birthday . The day it came in the mail we put it together , which took about 15 minutes with a drill , and prepared to surprise our son with it when he awoke from his nap . That was five days ago , and my son has hardly played with any of his other toys at all . He 's a real Thomas the Tank Engine enthusiast and loves to push them all around the table . We learned that the table can accomadate Thomas and Friends wooden cars as well as Take Along Thomas cars , which are cheaper . He also pushes hotwheels and matchbox cars around on it . The only thing that has n't worked real well has been the Thomas cars that are motorized . This is because the table does n't have train track for the gear to grab , if it did all the other cars and trains would n't work on it so well . The added bonus is we can put the lid on the table and use it for doing puzzles , coloring , and playing with Little People play sets . I ca n't say enough about this toy . We ALL play with it , and everytime we 've had company since we bought it , they always comment on how cute it is . Buy it , it 's worth it .
 I think this table is great . My son 2 1/2 adores it , and it not a mess to clean of small parts.So why did I only give it 4 stars ? I expected the top to be made of plastic as well , unfortunatly it is made of particle board with a laminated top . All it takes is a few spill and the top is destroyed . I have moved the top to storage and will not be using it for an art station . I am also a little disappointed that the legs are only held together each with a single screw.But other than those complaints ... . I LOVE THE TABLE , and would definately recommend to any car or train crasy kid .
 I absolutely LOVE thist train table - its perfect for my 18 month old - tracks are molded down so he can play with it w/out messing the tracks up - Great Product !
 Kids are still playing with it months after purchase , which is more than I can say for a lot of other toys . Do n't think this one is going anywhere for a while .
 As with the other reviews , the stickers were the problem . The company must have improved the stickers as they are plasticized and did not rip . However , when the table arrived , some of the stickers -LRB- which float loose in the box -RRB- were stuck to items in the box . I was able to get them loose and stuck down on the table . The problem was that they work best if you start at a certain spot , a fact revealed in the instructions I read AFTER dealing with the crazy stickers ! LOL they actually went on fine and my 2-year old grandson thought the table was FANTASTIC regardless . Most of his cars worked in the track but the smaller width cars and trucks worked the best -LRB- most hot wheels and the smaller Thomas the train trains -RRB- if I were the manufacturer I would make the track slightly wider to accommodate most cars , trucks and trains and put the labels in an envelope . For the price though , this was a great gift and now there is a place to store a number of cars .
 Love the train table but be prepared to buy a new train.Train broke within two hours , just thin plastic connectors . Bought Chuggington trains to use on track .
 The one downside is that when my son plays on the train table , it 's pretty loud . Other than that , great table .
 Overall my kids love the table . It took me a while to put it together though . The stickers are killer ! It was also missing two of the bridges but I called the company and they are mailing us out the missing bridges . a bit of annoyance with that but the rep for the company was very nice . Should arrive in about a week . The table its great though and our boys love it . I expected it to be a bit sturdier though considering its a Step2 table . I always rave about step 2 products but this table although fun and great could have been made alot sturdier
 We have several train sets but we got this as our son 's first actual train table . It is not nearly as expensive as some of the other models and , given his other sets , we did n't want to spend a fortune on this one . I really like it because even though it 's fairly simple -LRB- the tracks are in place meaning that you ca n't move them around -RRB- our son loves playing with it . I like that I can cover it up with the &#34; lid &#34; and use that as another child table should we need it . Pleased with our purchase and would definitely recommend .
 Not a bad deal , great overall table.Lots of room for his cars and trains.Installing was not too bad ... some decals were to big .
 This is a fabulous toy ! My 2 year old grandson absolutely loves it . Ca n't get him away from it . All his Thomas trains as well as all his hot wheels cars work great . All the bridges and tunnels !!! The road -LRB- s -RRB- / track -LRB- s -RRB- split so you can take different routes . It is everything I wanted and then some . Soooo glad I got it . He will enjoy it for years to come and so will his friends , cousins and future siblings !!
 my twins got one for christmas and loved it and spends many hours in a day playing with this!so i bought one for my cousins son who is the same age as my boys!he loves it just as much as them!fits match box cars and most toy trains!very happy!very recommended!ONE FLAW ! if you dont have a drill purchase one unless you have very strong hands that can screw in to heavy plastic with no pre-drilled holes !
 This has been a big hit with our 2 year old . We read a review that recommended to put the decals on before the bridges during assembly . That was a great idea . The 3 car train set that came with it is of minimal value , so we bought Thomas and Friends stuff . It works very well . The table is at a good height for a pre-schooler to stand around an enjoy .
 My husband and I purchased this table for our 1 1/2 old son for Christmas and got the urge to put it together last night . It 's relatively easy to set up and put together ... but beware of the million and two stickers that have to go on this table . Everything that you see in color - minus the red and blue track is a sticker . It only took him about 15 minutes to put the actual table together ... but it took me almost a half of an hour to get all the stickers strategically placed ! I 'm sure my car/train loving son will adore this table , I just hope I do n't catch him pealing any of my STICKERS off !
 I purchased this train table for my 2 year old son and he has n't stopped playing with it since we set it up.Setup
 I bought this for my two year old son and he loves it . My aunt likes it so much she wants to get one for her two year old son also . This table is very versatile and fun .
 We got this for my son for his 2nd birthday he loves anything to do with cars and absolutly loves this toy he plays with it all the time ! The only down side was applying all the stickers I would say , you had to get them just right or they would go up on the edges , also the holes were not predrilled so made it diffiult putting on the legs . But once it was together it was very durable and looked great ! He definatly enjoys it and it was a great price too !
 I bought this train table for my son 's third birthday . It was the best gift we have given him so far , he absolutely loves it . My other two children -LRB- 18 month old twins -RRB- also love playing with the train table . We put the Thomas the Train wooden trains on the table and they fit perfectly . Matchbox cars also fit very well on this table . The great part about it is that the kids ca n't take the tracks apart -LRB- they are screwed on -RRB- , so I do n't have to worry about finding pieces everywhere . Also , all three of my kids have been caught sitting in or standing on the train table and it has held up beautifully . The fact that the table comes with a lid is also nice for the times when you want to put it away . I LOVE this table and would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a train table .
 I bought this toy for my two year old nephew . He loves trains and anything to do with trains . It overall is a great toy and turns into a table when needed . I have checked other places for this toy and amazon had the best price plus free shipping !
 This was an instant hit , my boys have not stopped playing with this . They use it all day long . The cars and trucks are somewhat flimsy , but so far , no problems . The track also works with the Thomas & Friends trains perfectly as well as the million matchbox and hot wheels cars they have . It was easy to set up , but some assembly is required . I highly recommend this in any boys room . They love it .
 My son and daughter both love this table . Very durable for my active four year old . I love the fact that not only the thomas the tank engines fit , but also hot wheels and even Lighting McQueen fits . Many , Many hours of play !
 This product is just as described . Very durable , rather straightforward assembly , though the stickers were a bit of a challenge . The canyon is great fun , and both cars -LRB- matchbox size -RRB- and most toy trains will fit . Great storage as well .
 I am a licensed child care provider , and I have mostly boys . Ages 2-7 have all enjoyed this toy ! My kids play with cars all day long , and I knew that they would enjoy this toy and I was hoping it 'd provide hours of entertainment . Today is the first day playing with it , and they LOVE it but I should 've went ahead and purchased more trians when I ordered it . They fought over the 3 trains so much that I had to take them away until the trains that I just ordered today arrive . They can still use cars , but that was a little disappointing that I did n't forsee that issue ! :P My own fault ! So be warned ... get more trains so they kids are n't fighting over taking turns with the only 3 trains that it comes with ! : -RRB-
 Easy to put together . Durable with no track pieces to lose . Table cover fits nice & snug . Good toy for the little ones !!
 Gave this to my son for his second birthday 3weeks ago . Could n't have made a better purchase ! He plays with it at least a couple hours a day . It easily fits the smaller Thomas trains , which was a must for us . We like the fact that the tracks do not come apart , so there is nothing for him to `` break '' on it . Would highly recommend for any little train lover !!!
 My boys LOVE this !!! It is one of the only toys that has been played with almost every day for the last 3 years that we have owned it . It is worth the money and keeps them entertained ! It is very durable , but my only complaint is that the track pieces can be easily pulled off -LRB- my boys destroy everything ! -RRB- , so it would be nice if they were n't removable . Other than that , a MUST have !!!
 We love this train table so much ! Especially since all the cars/trains can be stored inside and when they are done playing trains they can do a puzzle or color on the `` tabletop '' . Great price on Amazon too . Very happy with this purchase !
 Bought this for my twin boys at 18 months for their 2nd xmas , they loved it then and at three years of age its still getting lots and lots of use.Use the table to eat breakfast , arts and crafts , ppalydough , reading - EVERYTHING ! They use the rail and raod track daily too ! It is still in excellent condition despite taking a battering from the boyds . They will outgrow this before it breaks - excellent quality !!
 We had purchased one of the train tables with over 200 pieces and never have put it all together . This one stays together and can trouble as an activity table . Our son got this as a 1st birthday present and it is his favorite now .
 I purchased this table for my 5 year old and 17 month old . They play cars ALL the time and I thought that being able to keep the cars in a central location would be perfect for them and I was not wrong . We have had this product for around a month and it is played with several hours a day , every day ! I love that it has a cover which allows them to do craft as well as enjoy a snack . This was well worth the price and so far we are very happy with this purchase !
 This table is so cute . My boys -LRB- 18 mos and 6 yrs -RRB- both love this table . They play endlessly with it . Cars/planes/trains can stay inside and they can do puzzles , have a snack or stuff with the cover on . We attached some removable/reusable ABC stickers to the cover and my 18 mo will sing his ABC 's and recite his colors with his big brother . This is excellent for them to play with and really cute . I think the value for the cost of this table is GREAT ! I took the advice of many other reviews on here and placed all the stickers BEFORE attaching the bridges and it was a breeze . It is also very durable . My 18 mo thinks he can sit in it . -LRB- He 's a climber -RRB- I am constantly taking him out of it/or getting after him bc he 's attempting to climb in , but it is always right there with me . I would recommend this to everyone !!
 Bought this for my grandson for his birthday . It was very easy to assemble and my only disappointment is that it does n't come with at least 1 car but at least there are 3 train pieces . The grandkids love it and I am going to take a reviewers advice and paint the table cover with chalkboard paint as an added bonus !
 for toddlers who like cars and trains . my grandson loves it and spends hours orchestrating the best of crashes . makes a great little table with the top and a good toy storage bin . We are very happy with this .
 This table is shockingly light , but also durable . The setup is a breeze -LRB- even the stickers ! -RRB- and my 4 year old son loves it ! It also comes with a fiberboard top to play with other tracks or blocks with on top of the table . The only negative is that there is only 11 in . of clearance below , so you will need an under the bed type storage to store much underneath .
 I have told all my friends with small children about this table , it is great . I love that the tracks are stationary , it is one less thing worry about loosing when you have a house full of toys .
 My son loves it and it will last a long time . It is very durable . I would buy it again .
 We had put this together Christmas Eve because I knew there was no way my kids would be patient enough for this to be put together after they saw it . When my 2 year old saw it he refused to open any other presents ! It 's still the toy he plays with more than anything else . What sold me on this train table was that pieces of the track wo n't be lost and that there is a top so if we ever decide to get a wooden train set we can put it on top . I was worried it would become a catch all in our play room but it is played with so often that wo n't happen !
 Good value for money . It is sturdy and perfect for a 3 year old ! The product arrived on time , and was just as described .
 Bought this table for my grandson for Christmas . He loves it !! Christmas day he & another grandson played for a long time . Liked it so much I bought a another one for my other grandson 's birthday . Definitely recommend this table . Amazon shipping rocks ! Ordered second table on December 25th and it 's being delivered today December 28th !!
 Grand baby spends hours playing with this toy . I would recommend it to anyone interested in trains and cars . Amazon has great prices
 We bought this for our 5 year old son who loves trains and he absolutely adores it . He can spend hours playing with it and the versatility of making it a table for him to color and or do any other activities is phenomenal . I recommend it to anyone who has children that enjoy Thomas The Tank Engine or any locomotive . The only down side was putting it together because of all the decals you have to apply , it took me about two hours from start to finish ; but I did it by myself . Those were two hours well spent once I saw the look on our sons face. : D
 Brilliant product . My daughter is 22 months old and loves trains . We bought a wood train track that was just too difficult for her to handle with her current level of dexterity . This table does n't have tracks so it 's easier for younger children to use and the design is complex enough to keep a wide age range satisfied with . The table top completes it perfectly and makes the train table a great piece for any kids playroom/bedroom .
 As the title says , this train table was super solid and was easy to build . For me , the hardest part of putting the train table together was the stickers . I had a slightly difficult time getting them lined up right . But all in all , this is a great toy !
 I bought it when my son was 2 and a year later he still plays with it a lot . It 's really worth it . Sturdy and practical . Easy to move , not heavy at all .
 This is great fun train table for my 3 year old daughter and for us as parent . My daughter like the option to taking on and off removable table top to play train or do drawings . The train tracks are fixed , which is good that I do n't have to built the track every time my daughter want to play . But at same time there are no creative value for kids to build a different track . Which is way I only give 3 stars for the educational value . After saying that this table still is a great buy . My daughter have to play with it every day . It is one her favor toy . The table is cheaper then the Thomas wood track table . And the track works for all kind of trains and cars . It is great value and investment . We love it .
 Our son loves this train set . He plays his cars on it also as well as his thomas the train cars . Our son is two and he loves to just sit and play . The train set is very durable . He sometimes wants to climb ontop of it and the legs holds him so it 's a toy that will last a long time .
 I love this train set . It 's nice that I can cover it and use it as a craft table and I LOVE that it does n't come with a million pieces to trip on and clutter up my house . The actual train is n't great so I 'll probably buy another one but overall we are very happy .
 We got this for my 2 and half year old and were very happy with it . My sister got one for her daughter that has the falt op that you put the pieces together on and she had to glue it . Its nice that with this table you do n't have pieces they can pick up and lose . We did recieve the table with a broken lid and it took 3 attempts before they delivered a not cracked or broken top , but each time we called the company they had no problem sending a new lid at no charge to us . Overall I am happy we went with this table .
 When I first received it the top cover was slightly damaged -LRB- piece cracked off -RRB- ... but figured that was still OK . Then I realized it was really easy for my son to pull off the plastic street bridges that you push into the base with plastic screws . The idea and creation of the item is great ... but would have liked it to be a little more durable .
 We 've had this table for about a year now and our son -LRB- 3 1/2 yrs old now -RRB- absolutely loves it . He mostly uses it with the top off and has a lot of fun with the slopes . One can use pretty much any kind of train on the table . It 's also great that one can put a top on the table to play with other things . Absolutely recommended .
 Both of my grandson 's have this table and they both love it and play with it all the time . . my granddaughter loves it too .
 One of our friend 's had a table like this one and our son loved it ! We got this one for Christmas -LRB- from our wish list -RRB- and it was a home run ! Our 2 year old loves it ! You can use any kind of `` track train '' or Matchbox sized car with it . My son loves how the cars run down the hills . He has leaned on it and even gotten up on the table a few times . The table is very sturdy . We also broke out the crayons for the activity table and he enjoyed playing with it as well . It 's a perfect height . Install was a little tedious with the pacement of the stickers and do n't try to be a perfectionist with them ! Overall my son loves this table and spends most of his play time hovering around it ! Great price too !
 Finally , a track that you ca n't lose parts of and one that wo n't come apart if you breathe on it too hard . My 2.5 YO son loves trains and cars but the tracks were becoming quite a hazard and nuisance . We do n't have room to set up all of the tracks that he has and when we alternate them , they either have missing pieces or come apart as soon as they are walked across or another toy comes in contact with it.This thing is a perfect solution . There are very few vehicles that do n't fit on here and it is so nice having everything all together instead of strewn all over the place to be broken or stepped on.We got a rechargeable Hot Wheels for like $ 8 or $ 9 and my son literally screams with delight when we put it on this track . But he also loves it with his manual cars , trucks and trains . We all crowd around it and have fun!It is large but is worth the space especially since it has the nice durable cover that can turn it into an instant art table .
 Beware , as this is a magical gathering place for little road warriors and their matchbox sized rides -LRB- not to mention their parents who refuse to merely live vicariously through their offspring ! -RRB- . My son 2 and daughter 4 and their cousins neighbors and freinds to about 8 years of age love this large , sturdy and heavily `` paved '' play center . A must have for your children who enjoy matchbox cars.Although the kids do n't notice anything other than bliss when playing with it , the roads could interlock more seemlessly -LRB- quality control -RRB- , as this would permit smoother car travel , and instead of stickers , permanent detailing at the factory would be a plus . An inventive interlocking system for the roads to be configured in multiple ways on the table might increase the price a little , but would be really cool and worth it . All these are suggestions and imbellishments to a very fine product I do not hesitate to recommend most highly and would buy for my sons birthday all over again.Rally Ho !
 This is an AWESOME table , but it came with no legs ! Otherwise , I would give it 5 stars . We are waiting on replacement legs from Step 2 , and they were really nice about it , but make sure you open this BEFORE Christmas Eve !
 We got this for our 2 year old son for Christmas -LRB- along with some Hot Wheels to go with it -RRB- . He loves driving his cars around the ramps and over the bridges . The surprising part to us is that his older sisters -LRB- ages 8,6 , & 4 -RRB- also love playing with it . Imaginative play abounds ! The lid that goes on to create a table/workspace is also a nice feature , although it is a bit too heavy for my 2 year old to put on & take off easily . Overall , this toy has been a big hit around our house .
 it arrived safely and quickly - it was a gift for my boyfriend 's mom . she asked for it and this was the only place we could find it . she loves it !
 the best in my collection of military action figure -- african american/caucasian it does not matter . they are perfect detailed collector pieces . very nice
 I bought the Teresa and Barbie versions of this doll for both of my daughters . I had more fun with it I think . I collected Barbies when I was younger and never did i get a Barbie this cool . With each you can make 4 or 5 different outfits . There are many accessories . And best of all her hair is cool , her clothes are fun , and the imagination with this doll is endless . I highly recommend this Barbie if not for your child but for you as well .
 ok , how awesome are her clothes ? but seriously , i only got the doll for the clothing for my MY SCENE dolls ... ;-RRB- CHECK IT OUT ... SHE IS WEARING MY SCENE BOOTS !!!! HA ! very cool . the only letdown is that the shirt will only light up on this doll ... you could always swap the head to your fave doll ... but still ... . cool HIGH-END FASHION !!
 I got this doll for my birthday . when I got her she looked so cute . I loved . her in a few days her stuff got lost but she was still fine . Her light up shirt looks so cool . Every morning I play with her.This doll is perfect.BUY THIS DOLL SHE ROCKS .
 Stunning detail . This is one of the finest sculptures .
 Im so glad that I found this product for my collection . Totally priced to sell and shipped fast too .
 Got this for my brother for christmas , which has n't come yet . He is a spiderman fan since he was a little kid , so I 'm sure he 'll like it . The pieces and board look awesome from the pic on the box . i also received it pretty fast .
 This game is almost the same as the original but , with a spider-man twist . I mean it has the same rules but , instead of Boardwalk and Park Place you have Osborn Penthouse and Green Goblin 's Lair .
 Got this for my Spider-man loving daughter for Christmas a few years back . She absolutely LOVES it to pieces . To the point where she stashes it under her bed to keep it from being easily gotten at by her younger siblings . I love the metal figures and how everything really fits well with the Spider-man world . Very nice version of Monopoly overall !
 Love Monopoly , love Spiderman too ? I have a suggestion ! The new Spiderman Monopoly Edition has come out ! I 'm a great fan of Spiderman and with this new game , I was sure to have it ! I know you will be just as satisfied as I was when I received it . It 's filled with apartments and sky scrapers , making sure you get the best converted Monopoly yet .
 My 7 year old nephew loves Spiderman , and this was a hit with him . Makes his family game night extra fun !
 a great purchase . It 's regular monopoly , but more exciting with all the spiderman characters . My son loved it
 I bought this toy for my 3-year-old daughter , who is advanced enough to appreciate this kind of thing . She really likes it , but so do I -LRB- I 'm normally not that excited about dolls -RRB- . In fact , I practically tried to take it from her when I discovered how beautifully the hair curled!As for the child who mentioned the texture of the hair , I suspect that the plastic-like strands have to do with the ease with which the hair curls . The hair does tend to tangle easily though , so just be sure to get it combed through thoroughly before styling.Also , someone said it does n't matter which race you purchase . Well I disagree , especially if you have a younger child whose self-image and confidence you 're trying to nurture and help to flourish . RETAILERS SHOULD MAKE THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN VERSION MORE READILY AVAILABLE !!
 I have been looking for months to find this doll for my daughter . I even called Mattel and tried to purchase it from them directly , but they said the volume was too low . I am appalled that in 2004 I still have to spend as much time searching for African-American dolls as my mom did for me . Thankfully , I contacted all of my relatives and my aunt living in Charlotte , NC . found it.We need stores to request equal volumes of merchandise for all ethnic backgrounds . And for the customer who commented that the race does n't matter - please be sensitive to the need of parents to ensure that our african american daughters grow up understanding that beauty is not always blond with blue eyes .
 I think every one should have a chose on what they want . I am a total mess running around every department store trying to found this amazing doll as African American . I never had to work so hard for a toy that should have been equal amounts as the white barbie primp & polish dolls in all department stores .
 I am very disappointed that the African-American Barbie Primp & Polish is not available in Prince George 's County , a predominately African-Amercan County . I purchased the blonde model , hoping to be able to exchange it , but I will return it , because I prefer to buy dolls for my daughter that look more like her .
 This doll was very hard for me to find . It was in the sale paper which only show the caucasian version , which i feel is not fair at all . I finally found it in another state at a Wal-mart , which only had 2 on their shelves . I feel they should make the same amount of the African-American version just like the caucasian version . We live here too ! Sandra , IL
 I too had a lot of trouble finding this doll , but I found it very quickly and easily on ebay . I paid about $ 15 . more than it is sold for in the stores , -LRB- had I been able to find it in the stores -RRB- but worth it since I really wanted it . I read some of the reviews made my people that were unable to find this doll and I just want to say that the retailers are not the ones to be mad at . Get mad at the manufacturer for not producing enough African American dolls and also for selling them at higher prices than the caucasion version of the same doll . What 's that about ? I do however think that when a hot item becomes available in the store , the retailers should limit the amount a comsumer can purchase because it will eventually end up on ebay where you are forced to bid and pay double even triple the price .
 Hey ya 'll !!! i love the barbie primp and polish head whenever i 'm bored on a long road trip i can always count on it for graet occupation but on second hand i do feel it can have a bit more to it but anyways i still love it thank you so much for your website now i always know i can count on you whenever i need to find a new supercool toy and it 's also helped me with finding a new toy 4 my best friend super cool diva 3000 so you know you got me as a satisfied costumer thank u sincerly diva 3oo
 I purchased this doll for my daughter 's 6th birthday . We both have a wonderful time playing with it . We absolutely love curling barbie 's hair & amp ; doing her nails . It 's an awesome toy !
 It helps me become a better hair stylists , I love 2 do hair but I really like doing hair that is real because it is less complacated . PeaseSincerly , Tierra of Dekalb County of Georgia .
 This joint is so hot man you need this toy . It is unbelivable I just love it .
 I TOO HAVE BEEN SEARCHING FOR THE AFRICAN AMERICAN VERSION OF THE PRIMP AND POLISH BARBIE . IT 'S THE NUMBER ONE TOY ON MY DAUGHTER 'S LIST . I 'VE SEARCHED SEVERAL STORES HERE IN NYC , WHERE ONE WOULD THINK IT SHOULD BE AVAILABLE . IDEALY FILLED WITH THE TRUE SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS I REMAIN VERY OPTOMISTIC . I FEEL A LITTLE BETTER KNOWING THAT OTHERS SHARE MY DISSATISFACTION WITH MATTEL 'S INABILITY TO ADDRESS THE NEED . I ALSO AGREE THAT THERE ARE MANY DIFFERENT SHADES NOT JUST TWO . IT IS HOWEVER A FANTASTICTOY THAT I HOPE MY DAUGHTERS WILL EXPERIENCE PLAYING WITH .
 Despite all the bad reviews , we bought this styling head for our 4 1/2 year old daughter for Christmas . This was the only thing she `` really '' wanted and she kept talking about it . I agree that the hair is VERY hard to comb ... in fact , you ca n't get a comb all the way through it at all , but my daughter loves it anyway !! She combs the hair as much as she can , `` curls '' it , and puts the clips in it but most of all she loves the make-up and nail part of it . This is by far her favorite toy she received for Christmas this year !!
 Im so sorry to hear that so many people had a hard time finding the african american version of this doll ! It was not hard to find in my town it wasnt up front with the caucasion ones , but they were on a shelf in the back of the store . My daughter and I have had sooo much fun playing with this toy she is only 3 but she can comb curl and style the hair and she has figured out the cold water thing -LRB- mommy I need cold water ! -RRB- The hair does tangle it is wirey to hold the curl and it works wonderfully you use the toy curling iron lie you would use a real one . as for combing out the tangles it can be done and if stored properly they wont come back the back hair isnt wirey at the base of the head start with that comb the hair out with the comb provided in small sections , I know this may take some time but it will allow for hours of fun and excitement . Good luck in finding your doll ... if you still cant find it try contacting stores located in OHIO .
 The styling head does exactly what it is supposed to do , especially the hair . The hair is wiry because it curls with the toy curling iron . If the hair was softer then it would not curl unless the child uses a HEATED curling iron . Why are most people complaining about the hair ? It is doing what it is supposed to do .
 I wanted this doll for Christmas , but it was nowhere to be found . I ordered it for my Granddaughter 's Birthday and she was very , very , excited . It did not arrive on the promised date , but it was here in time for her birthday.The hair was tangled , but she will have many hours of fun .
 As far as i can say it is a very nice toy , My daughter is African-American and it took me a while to find it , But I finally did at a toyrus store in Fargo , North Dakota . They have a few on hand so I took it upon myself to drive there to get it . I was very please . I know my daughter will be please because this was her # 1 toy on her list for christmas . If intersted you can look up the store number on line they might still have a few , and migth be willing to post it in time for christmas . Thank you toysrus .
 Shame you toy creater company you want 2 know why because you need a better varitei of dolls when it comes to race why stop at black and white dolls why not make Hispanic , European Australian etc. . NOT 4 u 2 just make more money but to help other immigrants buy toys and feels welcome when it represents there race and even me as an african american i want to place myself in other peoples shoes so why cant u huh ??? why cant u ?????
 one day my daddy brought home some advertisments and there i saw it it was so beautiful i had to get it . but on saturday the 17th of december we went to toys r us and we searched and searched and it was no sign of that toy.so we went to another toys r us and still no sign of it and boy was i mad.kds go crazy over this toy i mean just look at it its beautiful.so you guys wil you please put some more of Barbie Primp and Polish with styling head with manicure African American out iam dying for it.Pretty please with sugar on top .
 I bought 2 puzzles through Amazon - White Mountain Best of Texas and Country Music 1000 . As usualy Amazon came through . I received the puzzels in record time and of course they were exactly as advertized . I have NEVER been disappointed in anything I have received from Amazon . They are the first place I look when I am going to buy something on the internet . Thanks , Amazon . Keep up the good work .
 The puzzle was shipped and received quickly . I bought it as a gift for my wife . It was to be a hint at where we were going for her birthday . I put it together in 4 hours working quickly , then removed pieces so that she would not know what it was without finishing it herself . Once she completed it , she was happy about the trip and loved all of the different colorful pieces that make up this map of Texas . It would make a wonderful gift for any student .
 I saw this puppet at my library and decided to purchase it for a gift . The detail on the uniform especially on the hat and shirt was very clever and made this toy more real .
 My daughter loves her stuffed animals . She recently asked for a `` Frog '' because that was one she did n't have . I found this one online and was leary about how soft or cute it would be . It 's really soft and very cute !
 Here I buy a stuffed animal thinking what 's so great about it - but my daughter already has a webkinz and I knew you can play the games and take `` care '' of your pet online . So I figured my son should have that fun too . Turns out the games on Webkinz are very educational and also helps my six year old son with hand-eye coordination ! So it 's great ! As for the stuffed animal ? It is very durable and my son carries that thing everywhere ! So it 's definitely worth the price !
 My nephew asked for this and he loves it . Made well . He loves to go on line and play with them there too .
 Webkinz is a favorite of my daughter , my 7 yr old son always watches her play with them on the computer . He asked santa for one and he really loved it . This bullfrog is so cute and a good size . Great shipping and good packaging . This gift is perfect for a boy or girl .
 She loved the little frog &#34; hopper &#34; and the computer interaction . Great price.Perfect for an add on.Ganz quality for stuffed pets is always good .
 My Cousins LOVE the Webkinz so this was a Bday present for an 11 year old and she named it and registered it as soon as she got it !
 I bought this for my niece for Christmas , I 'm a frog fanatic and I wanted her to have something that would always remind her of me . :-RRB- Thank You so much !
 My grandson loves his new Webkinz . He is a real frog lover and this little guy will now have a bed to sleep in
 My Bullfrog is quit large and very colorful . I named him Hoppy and he lives with all my Webkinz animals in a very large house in Webkinz World .
 I bought this frog 2 years ago for my daughters first Christmas . I wanted a stuffed frog for her and dug this one out of a bin at a dollar discount store . Its not her favorite stuffed animal , but she enjoys it , as does her little sister .3 days ago I had glanced through some small stuffed animals for goodie bags and discovered the brand called Webkinz and something about Ganz . Ganz sounded familiar and i thought of my girls frog . I dug it up and sure enough , this was it . however , I 've never registered it and have no clue how to . infact , because i got it from a dollar store . . maybe the ` secret code ' was taken off it . I just have a big W on the foot and a tag reading Ganz.I mention this because
 Each Webkinz is cuter than its predecessor . They have made a wonderful `` bribe '' to keep the grandaughter bringing all those `` A 's '' home from school . She loves playing on the computer with these adorable animals .
 I bought this Webkiz to go along with the smaller one for my Grandson 's birthday . He loved the pair together .
 I bought Webkins Bullfrog . I bought it for my brother his birthday . He loved it . I recommend it because any child would love it if he/she loves computers and/or stuffed animals . You will be happy with your purchase .
 I purchased this toy for my 7 year old daughter who loves to play on-line with her webkinz . I try to get her the Pet of The Month so that she can take advantage of the special prizes they offer . Once we get the pets , she adopts them on-line and then the physical toy joins countless others in her closet , on her bed , in her toy bins . All-in-all , a quality product that offers lots of fun for pre-teens . I even get on the website and play some of the games : -RRB-
 I bought several of these for ourselves and friends . All the frog Webkinz are very neat online as they hop when they move . One of the cuter faces when playing the games .
 I ordered the Bullfrog Webkinz for my sister for her birthday because she loves frogs . My daughter has the pink poodle , but the seam came undone underneath . It was n't hard to fix , but a little annoying . I wish they were a little bit larger , but I like the price , so I guess it all works out . Overall a great toy . My kids are always fighting my husband and I for a turn at playing the games online !
 Webkinz are so much fun . Not only do you get a stuffed animal , but you get an online pet from a company that is listening to it 's customers . They are always finding new ways to improve on the site , too .
 Let me start by saying
 Okay , I can see why some of the parents do n't like some aspects of this doll head . Yes , when you first get the doll head out of the box the hair is a mess . But after brushing it out it was not so bad . I think the hair is the way it is to allow your little one to curl the hair safetly without heat . My 3 year old daughter can spend hours painting barbie 's nails . As for the stick on nails this set comes with , I assumed they were for the child and not the doll so we are not using those . I think this toy 's coolest feature is the ability to paint barbies nails in two differnt colors with only hot or cold water . It 's nice to have a toy that my daughter can play with without making a mess everywhere with real nail polish and makeup . And I do n't have to watch over her like a hawk when she 's playing with it so I get some mommy time . I Would recommend this toy for childern ages 2-4 , as I think older children 5 and up would get bored too fast with it . For us it was well worth the money .
 They should make a lot of aferican american one for us aferican american kids beacause I see a lot of diffent one ` s and what if we want it to look like us.me and my mom cant find an aferican american in any stores that why we came to amazon !
 My 3 year old daughter recieved this as a gift . She loves it ! It keeps her very busy very often . In my experience , the somewhat wirey hair does tangle quite easily , and after applying warm and cool water for the makeup and nails a few times , I was a bit bored . But , my daughter finds it fascinating . She sits and patiently untangles and curls the hair , puts in hair clips and applies the makeup . Although it comes with very small pieces -LRB- stick on nails , etc. -RRB- , I think this toy is probably better for younder girls . I would n't say it 's extremely durable , but , my daughter loves it . An older girl may find it boring .
 My daughter has this styling head and she has so much fun with it ! She is just learning how to braid and the Barbie hair makes it easier because it is not slippery . Yes , the hair is horrible if you are looking for soft and flowing , but that would also be much harder for a child to style . I had to help her comb it out when she first opened the box , and occasionally I 'll comb it out as much as possible so she can get a fresh start , but all in all it 's a good toy that she enjoys . She uses her own hair accessories on it as well as changing the nails and make up with the warm or cold water . When my daughter 's friends come over , it 's the first thing they ask to play with !
 My daughter loves all types of Barbie and I purchase them for her regularly . But there is a demand for Black Barbie and/or Barbie of another race and color . I do wish that the manufactures of this product would keep in mind that Barbie is a universal toy and should not be solely geared towards only one race .
 please this toy ... i dont know what to say it is . its so beautiful and you can style her hair and do her nails ! This toy and the African-American one are so beautiful ... I didnt know which one ta choose . but you should take a look @ tha other one !
 Well I LOVE the Toy But it kinda gets boring after a while and the nails always fall off it 's realy anouing !! I would have given the durable 5 star but the nails keep on falling and the hair is realy tangled ! and the Water for the nails do n't work very well neither does the makeup i use real makeup tho ! But i Enjoyed it !
 My 3 year old loves this , she got it 2 days ago and has not stopped playing with it . The hair was matted and needed to be brushed out but is fine now . The make up with water did n't work as well as i thought , but I microwaved some water to make it hot , and the make up now works great . Overall I say it is a great alternative to real make up styling heads , that are to much mess for little ones with wondering minds !!
 This is the only item that my six year old asked for for Christmas . After reading reviews . I became concerned . I decided to unwrap Barbie and prepare her for Christmas morning . My advice - get her ready before your child opens her ! It took me 40 minutes to comb through her hair . I ended up using my leave in conditioner to get through the rats nest . It worked great!Barbie is very pretty and looks to be a lot of fun .
 This is a fun thing to play with . I think the ages for these toy should not only be for kids 4-8 because I am 11 and all the girls in my class have one and they enjoy playing with it at recess . I think all styling heads should be for all ages.It is educational by knowing where every thing goes . for example you put lip gloss on your lips not cheeks.All girls are interasted in styling things and make new hair styles . that 's also why they are a adurable toy to girls .
 It is very discouraging to only find one type of doll when there are so many types of people . I was on the lookout for the `` Ethnic '' doll ... Her name is Christie and she can be found on another website and I found her and ordered her . My daughter will be SO happy ... when these types of doll go into production , they need to make plenty of each ethnic group not just the caucasian one ... what about Kayla or Lea ????
 I know that there is an ethnic primp Barbie , yet I can only find it in one store and it is always out of stock . Should n't this be an indicator that people would like other ethnic races besides the white Barbie ?!! We would like to be able to purchase the black Barbie and ca n't find it available anywhere .
 i think this today is cool because you can prtend your a sylist .
 I ordered this toy off of Amazon.com and it is awesome ! The coolest part about it is that you can curl her hair and put on makeup . Another cool thing about this toy is that you can give her a manicure and they give you fake nails so you can look just like Barbie ! This review is by a 10 year old girl and I hope it helps you a lot !
 i 'm 10 but i do n't htink anyone is too old for this toy . shes really pretty , and you can learn how to give manicures , and style hair , so its educational if you want to be a hairdresser or beaty stylist .
 well im 13 yup I am 13 ! not 4 or 8 and all the girls my age love doing stuff loike putting on nails doing hair so change the age the doll is great get hair conditioner and hand lotion mix it together abd the n put it on her head and wash it off it becaomes more detangled -LRB- her hair -RRB- sop there is nothing worng with her hair I LOVE IT !
 I wanted this toy a lot . I am six years old . I got her with a gift card after Christmas . I love to play with her . Her hair curls good and I like her fingernails . My mom and I like to play with her together .
 My 5 yr . old daughter loves this toy . She can be rough , but this toy has held up good .
 I highly recomend this Barbie Primp and Polish Styling Head ... it brings hours of stylin ' fun for all ages ! :-RRB- My fave part of it is how you can give Barbie a Manicure ... it is sweeet . . This is soo fun and it teaches children who want to work in salons to style and Manicure ... GREAT work again Mattel ! Gooo Barbie !!!
 I really love this toy it made me want to do hair when I get older . I have other manchine heads and this one is the best ever . I dont really know what all these people are talking about . Well maybe your kids are not giving the toy a chance befor they just gave up on it . I think who ever came up with this idea thumbs up to you thank you for making such a great toy .
 First off I dont have this toy I could have got it if I wouldnt have spent all my money on a brandy cd which very cool.But there is something about this doll that i think is so cool I want it very baddly . Here are all the reasons I think its so cool you can do her nails and something that you cant do with other doll heads you can curl her hair she even comes with a curling iron and i think different things also . So parent I think you schould get it for a childs birthday good grades or any acassion I think they would like it and it could be educational if your child wants to be a hair stilist but why should it be its a toy.This is a review from a 10 year old girl.this is just my oppinion
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I think that the dolls are great for little girl that are growing up .
 I WANT TO GET THIS TOY SOO BADLY!I HOPE I GET HER FOR CHRISTMAS!SHE IS COO -LRB- ... -RRB- L AND FUN AND EDUCATIONAL !!! PS-I WANT HER SO -LRB- ... -RRB- BADLY !!!!!
 1st pull the pieces of hair that are course OUT of her head.Then you will have more fun her facial make-up changes color with warm water and ice.I love her hair color . She is the best Barbie styling head ever made thats a fact .
 My 3 year old loves this big barbie head . It is much nicer than the smaller heads we 've seen , and the hands rotate for manicuring . the jewelry comes off , and can be worn by my daughter , and the curling iron , which does not heat up at all really curls the barbie hair . I am buying one for my niece for birthday , since she would n't put my daughter 's down . The only improvement I could see is real polish and makeup would be nice . The make-up changes with warm or cold water , but my little one does n't go for that . She puts her own play polish and makeup on her , and then we wash it off.overall , we are really happy with this prduct !
 My daughter and I love this toy . We just added styling gloss/shine product and it softed Barbi 's hair to perfection . Only had to add it once and about a quarter size . It is now like silk . No tangles or knots . We also love how you can just use your fingers to style and it holds . Enjoy !
 My 8-year old daughter received this from `` Santa '' this year . She absolutely loves this toy and so does my wife . The hair curls reaaly nice with the curling iron . The nails and makeup do require ice water and hot water - make the water a little hotter than the directions state . When you put the nails in hot water they turn a pale , almost natural color of pink , then dip or paint them with ice water and they turn blue - my daughter loves this feature . Just put a bath towel under the toy .
 This was a gift for my neice who absolutely loves this doll .
 I got this set because my 5-year-old was starting to learn checkers , and it was cheaper than plastic . It arrived well packaged and quality seems good . The chess & checker pieces -LRB- which double as the backgammon pieces -RRB- are small and made of glass . The wood box is sturdy and has a backgammon board on top , plus a glass chess/checkers board that fits over that . There is a drawer in the wood box that holds all of the items -LRB- except the chess pieces , which we are keeping inside the styrofoam since both the wooden box and styrofoam fit perfectly back into the cardboard box -RRB- very nicely . The checkers pieces are small -LRB- less than 1 '' -RRB- circles of clear amd frosted glass . Therefore , when you `` King '' your men , there are no grooves , but they still stack pretty well . Also in the box are some very tiny dominos -LRB- about 1 '' x 1/2 '' - but heavy , not cheap plastic -RRB- , a deck of cards , 4 dice , a set of `` poker '' dice , and a tiny folding cribbage board with pegs . The littlest pieces came in resealable plastic bags so only the dominoes are loose inside the drawer . Instructions were included for all games except dominos -- it was addressed and then seemed as page 2 was missing . Overall , this was much nicer quality than expected , and well worth the clearance price . Just be careful if you have little ones , as most of the pieces are choking hazards .
 My son received this for Christmas . It is fantastic . Not only does it look great , but we are having a great time playing chess , checkers and backgammon . We are now going to learn cribbage and dominoes . I highly recommend this set .
 I was surprised when i received the item . It is very sturdy and durable and it makes a very nice centerpiece . I am learning how to play chess and i have not been disppointed .
 I arranged this on a glass table . Looks grat . A lot more expensive than I paid . The pieces are grat for adults or children .
 I liked this product . I got it for my birthday . It was only 10 dollars , so I thought I got my money 's worth . I will tell you this , IT IS NOT A WIRELESS PHONE . It looks like it on the cover , but you plug it into a phone jack .
 im 11 and its a GREAT PDA !! i had it over 1 YEAR and i never even looked at a nother pda for a upgrade get these AND ONLY 10 DOLLERS !!!
 If you have a MMM combo in any of your rc vehicle 's i ca n't stress how much this is gon na help you out there is some much to tune and play with , just get the cable as you can download the software off their site if this helps anyone : D
 Love this thing the set up is easy and the download is easy works great a must have for rc fun
 I used this tool to update my castle BEC , and it worked just as advertized . Nothing more to say . Very simple , and much better than using the radio .
 Excellent product and very easy to use . Purchase was very easy and very fast shipping would recommend to all . This is a must for all RC enthusiasts that want to get the most from their aircraft or cars/trucks .
 Works just as it should.Makes programming your ESC very simply and easy !
 Works perfectly . Everything by castle creations is top quality , the castle link is no different . I must if you have any of the programable controllers
 I bought this manatee at Sea World and whenever my wife would be down I would bring it over and make it say it 's funny sayings . Our favorite was `` I 'm friendly and slow moving , I like to eat and rest . '' We could all learn from the manatee and be a little more friendly and slow moving , and enjoy eating and resting more . : -RRB-
 soy latino -LRB- COLOMBIA -RRB- ME PARECE MUY BUENOS TODOS LOS PRODUCTOS Y EL SERVICIO ES MUY BUENO
 I 've done 2 out of 3 of the puzzles . If you love the Beatles , you 'll love these puzzles . Very nostalgiac as you put them together . Just wish , like most puzzles , all the pieces were cut more completely and mixed up before you start .
 As both a Beatle fan and puzzle making fan I found the three Anthology puzzles irresistible . They were a lot of fun to put together . The collage design keeps the process consistently engaging and a good challenge to even an experienced puzzler . I framed my completed puzzles together . They make for a beautiful conversation piece as it first appears to be a large poster print but is revealed on inspection to be a puzzle . Enjoy !
 This is a great ball for pool and beach use . Throws like real football . Love it .
 This is a great Football to throw around at the house or at the lake . The rubber coated grips really help get a good handle on the ball . We love it !
 HiThis Model of World War to German Panther F Is a Joy to Build and looks and scales Great . It finished up very Well.Ted
 The Puzzle Castle produces wonderful products - so durable and so fun . Heavy metal construction , nicely packaged , and solutions are included if necessary .
 The quality and craftsmanship are great . Product was received in time and in the expected condition .
 I 'm not sure what the deal is with the reviews below . Sometimes you wonder about the mental capacity of some people . It 's always nice to have new villians in the Star Wars toy line . Amedda is Vice chair of the Galactic Senate who also acts as Lord Palpatine 's major-domo during the Clone Wars . he is from the water planet of Champala . The figure is a very nicely painted likeness of the character . The paint job shows nice facial shading and tones . It 's better than the Power of the Jedi Figure . It 's not terribly articulated although the tongue is kind of cool . This one is really more of a display piece and great for creating a diorama .
 This creepy guy is one of Palpatines major domos and he is alos one of my favorite figures . He goes great with a sly moore and Chancellor Palpatine figure ! He has a base , staff and his tounge he uses to express agitation . I would totally recomend this figure !
 This toy is pretty good , but there are a few problems . his staff is way to flexible . So flexible in fact that you can tie it in a not without breaking it , and afterword it will look exactly the same as before . also when his tongue is n't in his face looks really mad and stuff . I watched the movie four times to see if his face ever looked like that , and it never does . Other than these problems this to is great to waste your money on .
 The Star Wars -- Revenge of the Sith `` Mas Amedda '' action-figure caught my eye because it was surrounded by many Mon Mothmas and Bail Organas -- figures that do n't sell . Amedda has a finely detailed beige robe , a Chagrian staff and even an attachment that can extend his reptilian tongue . He also comes with a display stand that appears to be a piece of the Galactic Senate floor.Mas Amedda is n't one of my favorite characters -- He ranks at the bottom of the list with Owen Lars , Joh Yowza and Jar Jar . So he 's often been victimized by young Darth Vader 's lightsaber ... and the Rancor !
 Mas Amedda was always one of the more interesting aliens in the prequels . This figure gets pretty high marks . The only thing I would like to see in a future update is a soft goods outer cloak . The hard plastic works well enough but limits articulation . Also , the soft goods would probably just look even more regal .
 This Star Wars character is a cool addition to any Star Wars collection . It holds up to all the play time it 's sure to get .
 your crazy mike and great toy i like his tongue . mike your a girly brat
 I bought my son all the dinosaurs that I could get from Amazon . This included . I love it . The simplicity of the dinosaur and the pieces are great as is the coloring . The emphasis is on imagination not on noises , flashing lights and whatever else toy companies can put into a dinosaur . The neat thing about the little bases that come with the play scapes is that they are tactile . They flip over to reveal something a little different and both sides have some kind of tactile spot on them . My son has autism and this toy is great for him -- it is simple and it is tactile -- even some of the dinosaurs are tactile . I highly recommend this !
 This works like a real desktop computer and helps teach computer skills.It really helps with test taking since you have to answer some of the questions in a certain time frame .
 I bought this for my little cousin and he loved it . It is soft and the color is true and it is exactly like the picture . Great toy for the price .
 I bought this for my 7 year old , who has a thing for lobsters right now -LRB- her Aunt lives in Boston , so there you go -RRB- . This lobster is large , very , very soft , and made of quality materials . It does n't have a lot of details but it fills the bill for a nice snuggly night friend or as a display item.I purchased this at Boston Logan airport for much more than the asking price here .
 We purchased this as a Christmas gift for our daughter and ca n't wait until she sees it . She loves the show `` Max and Ruby , '' and Max has a toy lobster , which is why she asked for one too . :O -RRB- It looks to be good quality and is big , but not too big , and we feel a great value . It 's so cute and I think she 'll have a lot of fun playing with it .
 This was a gift for a friend that loves to do puzzles . She can sit down in one afternoon and work a 500 piece puzzle alone . Not this one , she called her husband in for back up and it took a few evening to complete . So if you love a challenge this puzzle is for you .
 this is a great puzzle for kids to help them focus on things other than TV etc & keep them quite . comes in a great metal tin box to keep & do the puzzel many times over the years .
 My nephew was mesmerized by the picture and kept smiling everytime he looked at it - started the puzzle as soon as he finished the one he had been working on and then kept this one up for a long time .
 I would really like to have this puzzle ! However , I will not buy it for $ 40.00 Hopefully , it will be re-issued .
 My Husband started a christmas tree lot three years ago and drew a sign that said Sorry Charlie Brouwn we have only great trees ... well the theam stuck and several more posters were made and some lawn appeared And now we have this grest puzzel to put together while were are selling trees and our customers love to help too , So ... family time for allHere 's to you charlie brown ,
 Just perfect ; highly detailed , it 's just like having Robocop it self in your room . It 's heavy and compact ; more than a toy , it 's a piece of art in which you can feel the effort that manufacturers invested on it.To say the truth , I felt a little disappointed when I first turned it on to get it talking , because it started to talk like a parrot out of control . Then I realized that it talks when it detects movement in front of it.That 's a great quality that will let any adult enjoy this toy like my whole family and grown friends do now ; just as if they were kids again.Thank you Neca .
 1 The batteries inside the figure were damaged because it has been sitting inside since 2005 ! I purchased this in 2011 . NECA should n't have installed batteries . The internal wires were also damaged because of the battery leak .2 The on/off switch broke . It completely came apart from the inside .3 Now my brand new Robocop does n't speak . I am sad face .
 This collectible looks super cool when you display it . I saw a similar product at a store but it was around $ 300 and the only difference is the fact it was a statue and had a sharp looking base . This product it the typical high quality , detailed and beautifully packaged Todd McFarland product . I also thought the price was very reasonable . If you love collecting 80s movie pop art this is worth the price .
 This is one of my all time favorites and I was not disappointed until I found there was no opening leg holster for the gun ! I will not send him back ... you ca n't make me . Thanks for a great product .
 I received the merchandise in a timely manner . But the carton the action figure came in was crushed and covered with dust . If you are a collector , and the packaging is important to you , I suggest you buy elsewhere . Fred Clemens
 Got this for my grandson who is really into Star Wars of all types big time ... he was thrilled that I was able to find this Droid for him . He 's collecting all the Droids of different sizes and types . This was a great buy .
 Very pretty puzzle for a girley little girl . Challenging for 7-year-old and entertaining for adult assistants . Unsure how to rate this , but I do highly recommend it as a gift for kids .
 These learning kits by Woodland Scenics are great . They introduce one to an awesome line of products and explain how to use them . This one explains how to model rocks , paint them , and place them in settings that look great . Everything you need is in this little box . Once you try it and get comfortable using the elements , I expect you will order more of the products to build larger landscapes or projects.Woodland Scenics makes genuine quality products , and once you try them , you will be hooked and will want to use them regularly and pretty much to the exclusion of products made by anyone else . At least , that has been my experience . I have their website on my favorites list and have bought their catalog to see everything they make . You can sometimes get a better price through Amazon , but the Woodland Scenics ' website offers all of their products at reasonable prices and delivery time is quick . And there are some products there that ca n't be found on Amazon , yet.Back to this Rock Outcropping Kit . It taught me how to make and model rocks . Now , I am making my own molds with Woodland Scenics Latex and putting together some pretty cool landscapes and terrain structures . It starts here .
 This minor figure from REVENGE OF THE SITH is one of the medium-difficult to find REVENGE OF THE SITH action figures . Polis Massan does n't have a huge role in the movie , but is involved in a crucial sequence of the saga -LRB- the birth of Luke and Leia -RRB- . The toy is n't as durable as some of the other toys , but it is a lot of fun to play with .
 I purchased this item for my kids , because every time we went by him , the would start Awwin . He comes with a bomb/grinade , a gun , and a headpiece -LRB- he also comes with a stand -RRB- He stands on his own and has several points of articulation . Great toy !
 I really wan na buy the Andruw jones McFarlane figure , i wan na buy the 6 ' hitting in the white jersey but this page has a big 12 ' one in the red jersey , if i knew which one i was gettin i would buy it . -LRB- if it was smaller one -RRB- . i really dont know another way of contacting the person selling this i dont use Amazon.com that often so please if someone selling this item lem me know which one this is ... Thanks
 I actually have two of these for my three year old twins . Great little air mattresses for them when we go to Grandma 's !
 I have an american girl today doll that i named Taylor and who i absolutlly love so i want good , cute clothes for her and this dress is so perfect for my taylor its cute and its not at all reveling like all american girl doll clothes . Thats also not a bad price for such a cute dress so if you have an americangirl doll you love buy this dress .
 I have a 120 size ASP engine that kept going lean in flight , everyone said it was because it was a cheap engine . One of the guys at the field had a 160 size OS engine -LRB- not cheap -RRB- that did the same thing , he used this VP30 perry pump on his engine and it worked well . I bought one and installed it on my engine with the same results , the engine stays running in flight without loosing power . It seams that the larger engines with oversize carberators ca n't draw fuel properly as the tank empties and it causes the engine to run lean , this pump keeps the fuel flow constant .
 Contents : - trooper-helmet-helmet cover-blaster-pistol-vegetation decorated basePros : - removable helmet - The only few troopers that you can see his face at the time of its release-insulation padding for the helmet -LRB- the more accessories the better -RRB- It can also fit on other clone troopers-decorative base to help him stand-uniqly articulated hip hinges to allow him to perform side splitsCons : - Limited elbow & shoulder articulation-every one I 've seen seem to have a longer left leg , which makes him stand a little lopsided-face paintjob can sometimes be a little off , giving him a clueless expression
 This authentic trooper once served as an ARC -LRB- advanced recon clone -RRB- trooper . Super-Articulated , and ready for battle this toy includes : * removable helmet * 2 guns * grass stand * and ... WHAT !? mine includes a satchel unlike the othersIMPOSSIBLE!must be a error , but is awwwwwesome !!!! Now , he looks kinda like an airborne trooper that fought with Commander Cody and Obi-Wan on Utapau !!!! Hee Hee Hee ~ ! Hope u find a RARE `` error '' -LRB- in this case a good one -RRB- with your tank gunner as well !
 I am a huge fan of clone troopers and if your like me this is a must have product .
 THIS FIGURE IS SO COOL BUT IS VERY HARD TO GET . I LIKE THIS FIGURE SO MUCH . IT COMES WITH SO MUCH STUFF LIKE A PISTOL , RIFLE , HELMET AND HELMET COVER AND A STAND.THERE ARE NO PROBLEMS WITH THIS FIGURE TO ME . THIS FIGURE ROCKS !!!!!!!!!
 This figure is a good figure on its own as well as being a versatile figure to be customized . I have customized this figure to create Commander Cody , APPO , Fox , and Gree . The head and helmet are scaled perfectly and does not look freakish . The arms to pop off occasionally but it is not a show stopper . Too bad the AT-TE will not be produced .
 This fig is pretty cool . I like it although his arms are designed so they don ; ' t have a whole lot of range of movement . Its still a great purchase though for growing your clone army .
 this toy is really fun . it comes with a grass stand a pistol , a standerd blaster , a removable helmet , and a cover that makes it so it can be a clone , a gunner , or a commander , the sholders and elbpws dont move the best and some times the bottom half of the arm will fall of . this is a really fun figure . for a great price to .
 I went to toys r us today , they had this INCREDIBLE deal , 9 bucks for two figures . so i got this figure , along with bail organa , luminara unduli , Ki Adi Mundi ! I was so excited ! all of the figures are great ! the two best are ki adi mundi and this one . this gunner has a removable helmet ! i think its the one and only figure so far with a removable helmet.he comes with a stand and TWO weapons . A dc-15 pistol and a pistol that looks like a scout troopers.he has this thing you can put on his helmet that can make him a commander or trooper . I use hom in my little order 66 scenes ... hehehehehehehhehe ... anyways , check your local toys r us for this before you order it from websites that overprice toys -LRB- amazon is not one of them -RRB- now go get up and beg your mom to go to toys r us !
 This is a GREAT Figure , Truely shows the Mandalorian heritage ... . TRue Jango fett clone unlike the white clone pilot lol ... Any how this is a highly collectable figure iam kinda picky on the packaging and when i received my 2 figures they was acceptable this time around!Not sure about the durrability but as far as saving for future purposes this is a great grab at a great price !
 Comes with the classic little kid who got the greatest nbx present of all - the shrunken head . You get Jack as Santa , the christmas boy , the Shrunken Head ! , Santa Jack 's sack & a wrapped present .
 My grandson loves Night mare before Christmas . I got this for them . It really is to look at and not play with .
 i bought this and a whole lot of other toys from tim burtons movies and made ornaments out of all of them and put them on a white christmas tree . they look amazing come christmas time , their so well constructed and wont break at all when the animals or kids knock them off the tree . i love them .
 A little more complex to catch on to than Rush Hour or Tipover , but like all Think Fun products well worth the effort . These are great games for kids who are in chess training or matheletics .
 it came in great time . itwas a good buy . but ... the pvc is really poor . just at the joints for his armsthey fall off easily so you cant play with it much
 I tell you what NECA is just amazing when it come 's to Nightmare Before Christmas figure 's and this certain figure is just stunning Dr. Finklestein come 's with alot of accessories like frog 's breath soup , skull , santa 's workshop book , a present wrapped in halloween ribbon 's and the best for last his brain haha any way I will have to say my favorite thing about this character is his wheel chair it actually roll 's and the control knob 's moves up and down also the top of his head open 's up now this figure is extremely fragile it 's more of a display piece for sure than a toy if your a big Nightmare Before Christmas Fan and collect get this cause I would strongly recommend this to you.Articulation
 i bought this and a whole lot of other toys from tim burtons movies and made ornaments out of all of them and put them on a white christmas tree . they look amazing come christmas time , their so well constructed and wont break at all when the animals or kids knock them off the tree . i love them .
 This is a must for star wars collectors . It 's a great add to any senator group . Even better I found it cheap .
 Wow . I thought this was simply going to be a rehash of the Ree-Yees figure . It is n't . The head is totally different from the Ree-Yees figure , still a Gran but with a different expression . The clothes have multiple layers , yet also allow him to sit . Ask Aak is perhaps the most articulated Star Wars figure I 've ever seen . The head , hands , and feet move very realistically in several directions . If you wan Ask Aak to nod in assent to a Galactic Senate vote , you can do that . This is a must for collectors , even if you were n't crazy about the prequels .
 This toy is pretty sweet from the star wars collection . I was really happy to get it since it is kinda rare . Toy is awesome and will never leave the box because it is going in my collection of Revenge Of The Sith action figures .
 Hasbro has done a great job sculpting this little known character from the `` sidelines '' in ` Revenge of the Sith ' . They could have used another characters body and stuck the old Calamari head on it , but instead they did the right thing and gave us a totally new figure . This tough to find figure was easy to find at Amazon !
 Anyone ordering figures from Amazon would be well advised that their items will be suitable only for opening.I know that not everyone is a collector who keeps their figures on the card.However , if I was purchasing ANY item in a brick and mortar store , I certainly would n't buy anything in a smashed box . I do n't know why Amazon has a policy of shoving these items into a box that is barely big enough , while simultaneously crushing the packaging .
 The sound sensor did n't come with the NXT 2.0 kit and my son really wanted to add the sound sensor . It is available at lego.com for $ 28 plus shipping . Some parts are actually less expensive straight from LEGO - it pays to shop around for the best deal
 Good to have such assessories to purchased from amazone as the lego mindstorm set that we purchased earlier does not come with the sound sensor .
 My boys love spiderman . So when I saw this game I had to get it for them , because they also love my old operation game . There eyes lit up when they opened up their spiderman operation game . They loved it . My boys are 3 , 7 , and 10 and they all enjoyed playing it .
 Anyone ordering figures from Amazon would be well advised that their items will be suitable only for opening.I know that not everyone is a collector who keeps their figures on the card.However , if I was purchasing ANY item in a brick and mortar store , I certainly would n't buy anything in a smashed box . I do n't know why Amazon has a policy of shoving these items into a box that is barely big enough , while simultaneously crushing the packaging .
 I love the Star Wars senators figures . Meena Tills has a beautiful , flowing robe with long arm sleeves . It provides a very dignified look . The facial sculpt is just like in the movie . Unfortunately , the eyes look a bit lifeless - certainly not as moist and lifelike asAdmiral Ackbar Return of the Jedi Black and Silver Vintage Action Figure . Also , I wish Hasbro would include something other than a gun with the senators - it simply looks ridiculous . A viewing pad or something would be better .
 Nice game , interesting options and ways to solve it . Even if you have finished with all the cards that show you the distribution of the pieces , you will take your time to get to the goal when you try it again for the second time . Enjoyable game for adults and great game to develop skills in kids .
 This is a fun little game , easy to learn and a bit challenging . We keep it in our RV and it 's a fun little thing for people to try while sitting around the table talking.It 's well made and the carrying bag is handy.If it had been cheaper , I 'd give it a 5 .
 Why four stars and not five ? The only thing I do n't like about this game is that you need to play it on a flat surface . Definitely not a good car game . The towers that you tip over , tip over quite easily . Even if I 'm playing in my lap , my slightest movement will start a chain reaction of towers tipping over . Otherwise , this is a great game . I 'm 30 and after the first few cards that get you started , I already found it challenging . But not too challenging . You definitely learn strategy along the way , which is true of other ThinkFun games . If this game interests you I recommend Rush Hour by ThinkFun as well . This game comes with a drawstring bag that you can store the whole game in , which I liked as well .
 Overall this product was everything it was advertised.It was received on time , in the condition shown , and quality was good . This product was used for a project and the children were happy with the shape , color and size.I would recommend this product and any similar products sold by the vendor .
 I used these for wargaming terrain . They 're a cheap way to quickly create forests . The trees themselves detach from the base so they can be easily removed to play around them as necessary.They 're not the most imaginative or creative looking trees and they need to be treated with some care to avoid damaging the flocking , but they do the job and are reasonably priced .
 We used this to adorn a pueblo village my daughter made for her 2nd grade class project . They looked great and worked great . Not exactly a toy , but definitely added some authenticity to the project .
 This tarkin figure is very cool.It portrays the younger version of Grand Moff Tarkin.This figure he is a governor.The figure comes with a small rifle and a stand.The figure has alot of detail on the clothes.I have no problems with this figure.TARKIN ROCKS !!!!!!!
 Just get some in , and we will buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! For god sakes Amazon , just aquire this thing !
 I bought Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy for my six-year-old granddaughter who loves puppets . The dolls are well-made and beautiful . You ca n't tell they are puppets at all when your hand is not in the puppetry sleeve , so they serve a dual purpose -- beautiful dolls to display , and puppets when you 're in the mood for that kind of play . I highly recommend them . I also bought theRaggedy Ann & Raggedy Andy Storiesaudio cassette . All in all , this is going to be a beautiful Christmas gift .
 Amazon asked me to submit a review for this figure , so here it goes . Short and sweet : This is a great figure , it looks like it should and the articulation is decent . It 's not perfect but it 's at least a bit more than the basics and at least this jedi padawan was in the movie . Kids should love this toy because it 's a kid jedi , and what little Star Wars fan does n't love pretending to be a jedi ? Collectors should like this figure because it 's pretty accurate , has no ` action feature ' , and it 's a figure of a lesser character that we may not have otherwise gotten.Big downside is that it is a small figure but it 's full price . Would have been nice to get something extra considering it costs the same as figure twice the size . Oh well ...
 I do n't think this was a figure that any Star Wars fan was really hoping Hasbro would make , but they did , and look at what we have now ! This is probably the best sculpt Hasbro has made of any padawan , even though it does have a few things that could have been improved on , such as the lack of articulation in the legs . But it 's still very good.The sculpt is good , it 's just another jedi suit , only padawan sized . It 's not something Hasbro has n't done before . The hand detail is something that Hasbro has started to use in the Revenge of the Sith line , and I like it . You can actually see each finger . But the head is the best part , it 's detailed perfectly ! The paint is just as good , it is just like what is seen in the movie , from what you actually get to see before he is shot down by a member of the 501st . Zett comes with a lightsaber with a removable blade , a small feature we have seen now and then on some Star Wars figures , and a common dark blue base that has come with many figures in the ROTS line . The right hand does not grip the lightsaber very well , so make sure you squeeze the hand together or the lightsaber will fall out of it 's grasp . The articulation points are ball-jointed head , and swivel arms , elbows , wrists , torso and hips . Surprisingly you can take the figure apart at every articulation point , but I really would n't reccomend doing it.So now we have a great figure of George Lucas 's son , in a jedi outfit ! Buy it before it 's gone !
 This action figure captures the spirit of a dramatic moment in Episode III . A young padawan learner confronts a bunch of armored clontroopers raiding the jedi temple -- Senator Bail Organa watches in terror as the brave little warrior is shot dead.The figure is nicely sculpted and comes with a fitting base .
 This TOY is great to collectors for two reasons
 Wow . I am about 50 % complete with this and it 's been very enjoyable . The drawings are scaled accurately and the level of detail you want is entirely up to you . Basically if you take your time and do it right , the individual components come out looking great . Ca n't wait to assemble after I 've finished all the components.Be warned though , the completed model -LRB- at least for me , as I 'm taking my time to do it right -RRB- will be 100 + hours . Highly recommend for those in need of quiet , therapeutic , brain time .
 My 10 year old son and I worked on this project together . Our first project , the Chrysler Building did n't turn out great , but ok for first try . For a follow up we did the Eiffel Tower and we knocked it out of the park . We had a lot of fun , and I found it relaxing . Do n't expect perfection unless you are very talented , especially if you are having your child help out , but if you follow the simple directions you 'll do fine no matter what your hardware ability . I highly recommend anything from Matchitecture . We 're working on the Toronto CN tower now .
 I have a 12 year old son that can build anything he puts his mind on . He has been doing this kind of toys for a couple of months and the only buts that we con put on them is 1st you have to wait for each piece to dry before you attach it to the larger model -LRB- it can take awhile -RRB- and 2nd after the figure is finished you obviously have to take great care while moving it because they are very fragile . but overall it teaches the kids to work with great care and be very precise with the cutting of the pieces , which helps them build their patience , and after they are finished they really feel proud about the hard work they put into the model .
 This is a really awesome kit to put together . The final product looks amazing . I will say , however , that the 80 + hours it took me to complete this kit were not without frustration . Many of the sticks are bent making it hard to glue them straight . Also , I ran out of glue provided , and had to purchase more . I strongly recommend buying this if you are ready to take on a long serious project . It is fun , but it takes a lot of patience .
 The only thing different we do is . . after we miss a question , we continue reading the rest of the questions to see how many we remember .
 My kids -LRB- 12 , 10 , & 9 yo -RRB- really like this game . Its very easy to learn and goes rather quickly . The cards are sturdy and have a variety of the pictures . Many of them are comic book covers or ads from the mid 1900s , which gives a feel for what times were like when their grandparents were young.The only thing that I do n't like is that there is no answer key . Sometimes the questions are pretty specific , and without an answer key it 's anyone 's best guess . However , for the most part its not a problem.As for the educational aspect - it helps with observation skills and gives exposure to pop culture in the 1900s .
 My family love this game . It does n't last a really long time which is great if you have little ones playing . It 's simple to understand and everyone enjoys it . You just look at the card for a bit and then you are asked questions about what you saw on the card . Very cute game .
 This is a great memory game . Our whole family is challenged by the pictures , which have tons of detail . There are Normal Rockwell paintings , old superman posters , and other random pop art type illustrations . My 5 year old is the best at the game and asks us to play every day . This is one of the few games she can talk her 7 year old brother into playing with her . We do n't use the board , we just use the cards and timer . Sometimes if all four of us are playing we 'll put the kids on a team so they are always involved in the process . The age on the box says 6-12 , but I would say 5 is n't too young .
 This game was the surprise hit this Christmas . We purchased the game for our 4 year old son , not knowing if he would like it . We often have family game night and Stare continues to be his top choice for several months now . My sons are 4 and 6 so they need help reading the questions on the back of the card , but can otherwise play on their own . It has been encouraging to see our 4 year old improve his attention to detail and recollection of details since he has started playing the game.We also like the fact that you can easily play this game in teams . Our boys can play together on one team against the parents . That helps avoid some of the competitive behavior that can emerge between them with other games.As a true testament to the interest in the game , my 4 year old select Stare ! Jr as the game he wanted to give his best friend for his birthday . We ordered ours online so I ended up driving to several stores trying to find a game locally . You know it is a hit when they want to give one to a friend .
 I bought this for my 10-year old son for Christmas . He enjoys playing it by himself , but it is something the whole family can play - including his 5-year old brother and 4-year old sister . Great at teaching observation skills .
 I love this game . This is great for my daughter because it is fun and educational at the same time . It really works with short-term memory -LRB- she has ADHD -RRB- and it helps with my own memory when I play with her . I love it .
 I picked up this game at a thrift store . I had never heard of it before and was skeptical , but since it was $ .75 I figured it be worth a try!Boy , am I glad I picked it up ! My daughter enjoyed playing it so much that it motivated her to learn to read just so that she could read the questions to me -LRB- she was 5.5 at the time -RRB- . Obviously , the game did n't teach her how to read , but it sure did encourage her to get better at reading . For her , sitting together with her reading books to me was n't nearly as fun as her reading the questions on these cards to me.Despite all of that praise , I have to say I think the game could have improvements . If you are playing with more than two or three people , the game could be very slow with children having nothing to do while they wait for their turn to stare.If you 're trying to teach memory skills for adults or children , or you 're trying to find a fun way to encourage your kid to use his/her reading skills , this is a fun game for you !
 Great game for kids and adults . Requires quite a bit of concentration , but is challenging and fun . This word count for reviews is nuts !
 I bought this to play with my 4 and 6 year old . It is a super fun game which helps to practice memory skills , reading and imagination . My girls love this game and we play it about once a week . Would definitely recommend .
 My kids -LRB- aged 6,7 and 11 - two boys , one girl -RRB- really love this game . They 've had it for a while now and they 're still at it constantly . I can see what they find so addictive . First you have the cards themselves , which are wide-ranging in terms of content , not to mention very fun to look at -LRB- they 'll be staring at them long after the game is over ! -RRB- . The questions are well thought out and easy to understand and there 's a nice balance of direct , multiple choice and true/false questions . I particularly like the fact that they get the chance to strain their brains and senses , instead of just their eyesight in front of the TV ! I highly recommend this game .
 If you think you 'll get ill playing yet another game of Chuts and Ladders , Monopoly or Candyland , here 's a pleasant change of pace - a game ADULTS and CHILDREN can enjoy . I absolutely love this game and so does my son because it is challenging for both of us . If your child has a hard time playing this game solo , it can be played in teams and the questions are just hard enough to keep kids on the ball without being too hard . It is also fast-paced and does n't drag like so many games can . Best of all , it is good for children from 6 to 12 -LRB- and even older -RRB- so it will last for some time before the interest wears out .
 I have the adult version of this game and so I already knew it was a fun game to play . The kids version appears to be just as popular -LRB- if you judge by the reaction of my three -RRB- . The great thing about this game is that both young and older kids can play together -LRB- just give the younger kids a longer time to stare at the image card -RRB- . The object of the game is to stare at the image and recall as much as possible before time runs out . Correctly answered questions about the image are rewarded by advancing on the gameboard . The images are great fun to look at - comic book covers , teddy bear scenes , cartoons and much more . Not only fun to play , the game tests visual recall and reading skills to boot . Best of all , it managed to keep a rather large gathering of neighborhood kids completely entertained - a great feat ! I would definitly make sure this game is a permanent part of your game closet .
 My daughter gave this game to a friend as a birthday present , and they ended up playing it at the birthday party . We then picked up a copy for our children and they have been playing with their friends every since . Both my 10 year-old and my 6 year-old can play together , which is a relief . The youngest is given more time to look at the pictures on the cards , and the questions are easy to read and understand . The pictures themselves are very appealing to the kids , and the gameplay is simple to follow -LRB- the kids got the hang of it right away -RRB- . I have played with the kids -LRB- under the &#65533; Parents version of the rules &#65533; -RRB- and the balance works well . There are too few games out there like this .
 Stare ! Junior is one of the best kids games out there . I was pleased to see my daughter and her friends enthralled for an entire Saturday afternoon . The object is for the kids to stare at the game cards and then answer as many questions as possible listed on the game card about the image correctly . Kids really love this type of challenge . They also all get to participate because the kids must determine by re-examining the image whether the answers given are correct . The images on the game cards are delightful and the kids get a kick out of staring at them . Towards the end of the afternoon , I joined in and the girls only allotted me half the time that they have to stare at the cards . Needless to say , it became a great adult-kid challenge . Innovative and challenging fun !
 My younger sister and I helped to choose the cards for Stare ! Junior Edition from the adult version . I am 10 years old and my sister is seven . We looked for cards that were colourful , not too detailed and that we thought would appeal to children . We love playing Stare because it challenges you to be observant , pay attention to details and tests your memory . The vocabulary is simple enough that my sister can read most of the questions on her own . It helps young kids learn colours , numbers and where things are in the picture . Example
 As parents we go through buying ALL of those junkie toys that end up piled in boxes . I had to buy 2 of these because it was such a hit over the SUMMER with our company they took it back up north with them . My kids are 17,13,6 and 3 . While the 17 year old prefers the regular version of STARE ! , the rest of the kids play constantly ! My 3 year old son teams up with someone older and we are AMAZED at how much better he does than we do ! The whole idea is to stare at a picture for 30 seconds and then answer questions about the picture . i.e.
 I bought this for our school age children mostly because I thought they would enjoy it . Needless to say - they did . Better yet , I enjoyed the fact that this game is not only fun to play but it is a skill enhancer . Firstly , the range of images on the game cards is fantastic -LRB- the images fascinate the kids ! -RRB- . The kids love challenging each other to recall as much as possible after staring at the game cards . The younger ones get quite a bit of practice with their reading skills which is always nice to see . Best yet , my wife and I can play this game with them and we thoroughly enjoy it . I would definitely recommend this game for school age children - they will love playing it !
 This game was great . I bought it for my 8 year old grandson andthe whole family played.We all had a lot of fun.It is definitelya game the whole family can play together and have fun !!
 This was one of the best games I 've ever played . I got it for Christmas a week or so ago and I 've played it so many times ! I 'm not even bored . It 's challenging and very fun . Also , parents can play !
 Our family enjoys this game , we even include our 3 year old.When our 3 year old has her turn she gets a card picked with no reading required . Then we ask her the question on the card or we make up a question that is age appropriate and she does amazingly well . For example just ask you child what color a character was wearing or hat was.This works well for us as we can be challenged and it keeps our minds sharp and the little one can play too . We all have fun.Its pretty funny to play as a adult and you get some cards that you wonder if you will remember anything , it will get you laughing at yourself!My only cons are this . Cards are a bit small I feel like I need glasses to play . Cards do bend easy so durability is n't that high . I wish the playing pieces were weighted a bit more so the did n't get knocked off the board so easily.But I would n't let that stop me from buying this again .
 We purchased this as a gift and played it with the recipient . We had a great time . It is a perfect fit for younger and older kids and adults . Highly recommend .
 I bought this for my grandson . I was so happy to see him put down his electronic games and want to play this game . He asks every day to play .
 I bought this for my nephew and niece , my sister said that they have really enjoyed playing it even the adults . It is a lot of fun and it is a game that anyone can play .
 If you want to help create a budding Sherlock Holmes , use this game to teach kids not just to look , but to see . I 've never seen anything like Stare and Stare Junior to teach visual memory and perception . Besides , it 's a lot of fun to play . It 's great for adults to play with children , because the little ones can get more time to answer ; or if you own both games , the regular and junior cards are easy to combine . I really recommend these games .
 Stare ! Junior is one of those rare finds . A game kids and parents alike enjoy playing . It has a great balance - not too hard for kids and not too easy for parents . That means it keeps everybody 's interest -LRB- not an easy task -RRB- . The card images are a lot of fun and the game plays smoothly and fast . This is a must have game for all families .
 It was loads of fun . The five year old beat his older sister and the old folks came in last . The little girls begged to play over and over.Great idea . This one builds confidence
 We purchased Stare Jr. for our son for Christmas . It was suggested by the occupational therapist at his school . We really like the game . We play it together as a family and it builds memory and concentration without even knowing it . Thumbs up from our family .
 A great game for family or kids friends . It helps with concentration and recall . My 8 YO loves it ... and it is one of the few games that the older sibs ... and much older -LRB- parents -RRB- all enjoy . Fast paced - can usually finish in under 20 min . The only reason I gave it 3 stars for durability is because the working part of the game is cards which can easily bend and rip ~ that said after 15 rounds , our cards are still holding up ... just have to be respectful of them : - -RRB-
 I play lots of games with my kids . I ca n't say I am always wide awake playing Candy Land and Life over and over again . That has all changed with this game.Stare ! Junior changes the playing field . I actually enjoy playing it and my kids can tell that . The object is simple but challenging . Each turn a player -LRB- or team -RRB- stares at an image card . The cards are a great array of child friendly pictures . The cards have just enough detail to make it interesting for the kids , but not too much to make it frustrating . When time is up , the player is asked to recall certain aspects about the image . Was the hat red or green ? Was the boy smiling ? How many apples where on the table ? The more the player recalls , the more the player advances his/her playing pawn on the game board.The kids have fun and so do I. Go figure !
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my 5-year old son . He absolutely loved it at the time and loves it even more now since he can read better and is able to ask the questions easily -- he is 6 now.I like it because he has to use his brain and really concentrate and think -- nothing like exercising a developing brain . I enjoy playing with him as well . I let him get 2 flips of the timer and I only get one . I have seen a drastic improvement with his skill and he has really learned how to focus.I would recommend this game for a child that can read a little bit -- even if just at a basic level . Mom/Dad can always help read the questions as you ca n't see the answers that are on the other side of the card .
 This game is great . Even the adults enjoy playing it . It 's also short enough that kids do n't lose interest before someone wins . If they still want to play then you just start over and enjoy again !
 Not only is this a nice break from Candyland and other games for the young , it 's just plain fun . Easy enough for our 6 year old , yet challenging even for us parents ! Plus , you can play it just about anywhere ... even in the car to pass the time . Highly recommended .
 I got this game for my kids for Christmas and we took it to all our holiday gatherings including New Years Eve . What a hit with the kids and adults ! I consider myself pretty observant and even I was getting stumped on some of these . A great game to build memorization skills for all ages . A couple of cons-some questions -LRB- not many -RRB- where you are asked to remember the color of something , there were some people who had different ideas about what the color actually was . The other was if you roll the same number on the dice again then your turn is over :o-LRB- I 'm sure there are different ways to get around that . All in all we were very pleased with this game .
 Initially , I had purchased this for my grandchildren but then I decided to try it with my high school special education students . It is an excellent tool for both visual and auditory processing . OUTSTANDING game !
 I bought this for my 6 yr old granddaughter . Well , we 've had more fun staring at the cards and trying to remember if the dog was looking at the boy or the bone , etc. . She liked working the 30 second hourglass timer , too . It 's good for memory for kids and adults and it is a quick game . My granddaughter also could read most of the cards on the back for the questions ... though she 'd ask a word now and then . I like the cards , too , old cartoons and Norman Rockwell paintings . I find I 'm noticing things more after playing the game off and on for a few days . Enough cards and questions that it wo n't get `` old '' soon .
 I play this with my 6yr old and my 4yr old . It is wonderful at helping them to learn how to observe and remember what they observed . Great thinking skills . I ca n't believe that my 6 yr old has done better than me many times . I have noticed my children feel very rewarded playing this game . They have to look and remember in order to move ahead , it is not up to chance . Chance can be fun but I think they really like feeling the accomplishment of achieving by thier own merrits and not just getting lucky with a roll of the dice , etc. .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old grandson but the whole family had great fun playing this game . The rules of the game are simple but it was challenging enough that everyone had an equal chance to win . Even my father who is 87 liked playing and really enjoyed seeing his great-grandsons both win and lose while having lots of fun . I recommend this game for good family fun .
 Stare Jr. is a very simple game that can be challenging for adults . I like the fact that there are only 3 simple rules . Children of varying ages can play this game . It is also fun for adults . I work with Autistic children and I have been playing this game with them .
 Stare ! Junior is simply a terrific game for the kids . It 's fun , it 's educational -LRB- without the kid 's knowing it -RRB- ; it 's interesting ; and it is a great social activity . During each kid 's turn , the child stares at an image to study as much detail as they can recall . Then , when time is up , the child is asked a series of questions about the image . For instance , what is in the teddy bears hand ? The Images are just terrific and fun to look at . We take this one in the car on long trips - the kids play and I keep track of how far they advance on the game board . Really , you will be happy you have this . No gimmicks , just good old-fashion game play , with laughs and learning thrown in for good measure .
 This game is great for getting the kids to pay attention to details . Everybody at our home , from my 9 year old son to my 76 year old mother-in-law , really enjoys the game . It is easy to learn and easy to play . The Stare cards have an interesting variety of pictures . The questions are challenging but not overwhelming .
 My 8 year old daughter plays this with her family and her friends . We really enjoy it ! This is one game where the kids can beat the adults , even without adjusting the time limit . And it 's great that once you go through the card once , the fun is n't gone . Since the questions depends on the roll of the die , the odds are good that you 'll get a different question next time around .
 Santa brought this game for my kids last year -LRB- then 4 and 6 -RRB- and is without a doubt their favorite game . We play teams , they play alone , it is an excellent game . The only downside , if there has to be one , is that there is no replacement pack for the cards . That being said we played it for almost a year and my kids are just getting to the point where they say `` I 've had this card before '' . Great game . I hope they hurry up with thre refills .
 My two grandchildren play this game The 6 year old is a boy and the 7 is a girl . They get pleasure out of seeing how many they can get right . The object is to look at the picture and then turn the card over and ask questions about the picture . You 'd be surprised what you do n't see . Be careful , there is an older version of this game also . In addition , the game was cheaper here than anywhere else .
 I bought this game for my 4 year old nephew because it looked interesting and I thought it was a game that he could play with his mom and dad -LRB- since he could n't read yet -RRB- . Needless to say , he loved it . He just turned 6 and is still playing it ! Other kids that come over really enjoy it too . The entire family loves it and we all play it when we get together . Not only is it a fun and challenging game , but it tests memory and attention to detail . Overall , a great game . And best of all , it is a game that the entire family can play together . I would highly recommend this game .
 This is a great game ! This one is fun for everyone in the family -LRB- it 's always nice to find one that the parents can actually enjoy playing with the children -RRB- . Players take turns studying the details in pictures , then answer questions about them . When we play , my husband and I give ourselves only half as much time to study the picture , to level the playing field . We also let our nine-year-old study the picture herself , but talk through the picture details with our 6-year-old . It is a `` game-night '' favorite of all of us .
 Our family is a big on board games . We play at least twice a week . I had been hearing about this game everywhere ... Family Fun Magazine , Los Angeles Times , etc. . I kept saying to myself , I have to try out that game . Oddly enough , it was only when we went on vacation that we had a chance to play the game -LRB- the Junior Edition -RRB- . The Hilton Hotel we were staying at offered an array of free family entertainment and Stare ! was one of the offerings . Finally , I was able to see what this game was all about . Well , we had an absolutely fantastic time playing this game . The concept is that players stare at an image for 10 sec -LRB- 30 sec for kids -RRB- and after time is up players have to remember what they saw . It is like watching a movie and trying to remember the clues . What was in the man 's left pocket ; Was the baby 's bottle full ; What color was the woman 's hat ? It is sort of like playing detective to see who can recall the most detail about the image . The images were great with everything from comics , old advertisements , photos to animation and album covers . The detail in the cards makes it very interesting to stare at the images . Heck , I would like a poster or two from these cards . We had played Stare ! Junior Edition at the HILTON , but when we arrived home , I purchased Stare ! regular for us adults . Stare ! Junior Edition offers cute , less detailed -LRB- easier -RRB- child centered pictures with child centered questions . The regular version of Stare ! offers more detailed pictures and much more challenging questions . I love that the questions are challenging ... it makes the game a blast . Thanks Hilton Hotels for introducing this game to us ! A great choice !
 This is a very good game but it does move at a slower pace than others so if you have a child -LRB- or adult -RRB- who gets restless this may not be your best choice . There is some down time waiting for your turn . This certainly challenges ones attention to details and the adults needed the full timer though the game suggests we get less time . Even my youngest -LRB- age 5 -RRB- is able to play with the extra time he is alloted .
 i bought this and a whole lot of other toys from tim burtons movies and made ornaments out of all of them and put them on a white christmas tree . they look amazing come christmas time , their so well constructed and wont break at all when the animals or kids knock them off the tree . i love them .
 This is by far the best game I have ever played . Fun , Intelligent , and competitive - I highly recommend it . The questions are innovative and thought provoking . You will not be disappointed ! If you thought you liked playing Trivial Pursuit , try Wit 's End and you will likely never play Trivial Pursuit again . Wit 's End keeps you thinking and on your toes .
 I simply ca n't believe how much fun this game is . The four question types make the game feel like the SATs on an acid trip . In a good way.It 's great for individuals or as a team game , and you 're guaranteed to learn something every time you play . I 'm developing ` boardless ' rules for play in the car . My only complaint
 Game Night at your house ca n't be more fun than gathering your fellow brainiacs around this game & turning them loose !
 I purchased this game to add to our family game closet . We love trivia games . This game adds a twist with the riddle questions . I found it to be not as challenging as Trivial Pursuit , but as enjoyable .
 I bought this for a family Christmas gift -LRB- my husband , myself and two young adult kids -RRB- and we all loved it . It can be quite challenging , but moves along pretty quickly . This game really makes you think , which may not be everyone 's cup of tea . but suits us just fine .
 I won a Round by just having good luck . I mean i clearly did n't know in which order three wars that happened decades before I was alive had occurred but it was fun trying to figure it out and getting it right .
 I love board games , but I often find the Trivia style board games to be lacking in difficulty . They usually fall short . I bought this game for my parents so that they would have another game to choose from other than pictionary , during family gatherings . I purchased this game through Amazon and began to play . the rules are simple enough to read once and set them aside . the questions however range from moderate to extremely difficult -LRB- IMHO -RRB- . i especially liked the category of &#34; Teasers &#34; where you are given a clever riddle , and must come up with the answer -LRB- we allowed 20-30 seconds -RRB- for the player to answer before turning the card over . The Teaser questions were most entertaining because it would seem simple to one person and yet difficult to the others and its not always the same people who know the answer . So , it kept the game entertaining and it last for quite awhile . needless to say , none of us were ready for the style , type , or difficulty of questions so after we adjusted , the only thing left was the questions themselves . it made for an interesting evening and i would recomend this product for people who like to be challenged while playing board games .
 Wit 's End is a fun and challenging game for older kids and adults . We enjoyed playing it as a family and even just asking the questions without using the game board . Very enjoyable !
 This game is n't ridiculously challenging , just very fun and educational and clever for people who enjoy wit and trivia .
 I normally do not take the time to write reviews , but we all had such a great time playing Wit 's End , so I figured what the heck ... Anyway , we found this game by accident when buying the Junior version of the game for our kids . But while I was buying the kids game , I thought why not buy us adults something to keep us entertained . The game is centered around different brain teasers . During your turn you will answer 1 of 4 question types . Where you land on the board -LRB- and you can strategically decide where to land -RRB- determines what type of question you will answer . The Teaser category challenges you to find the relationship ; the Odd-1-Out category asks you to decide which item , term , person or place does not belong ; the Sequence category asks you to put everything imaginable into sequences ; and the Wild Card Category mixes different types of challenges , such as naming famous songs , identifying famous quotes , etc. . The questions are fun and we had a blast answering them . We highly recommend Wit 's End , it had an edge over other Trivia games we have played .
 I recently played this game with some friends and we had a terrific time . It 's really challenging but the best part is that the answers are staring you in the face , so you are encouraged to work them out - much less frustrating than simply saying `` I dunno . '' Lots of social interaction and competition too . The range of material is huge . Great game !
 What can I say . This is a fantastic game . You know when you keep seeing movies and are often disappointed and keep waiting for the blockbuster . Well , WIT 'S END is the blockbuster . I ca n't tell you how much fun we had playing this game . It is a trivia and knowledge based game but with a twist . Not only are you challenged by the questions , but the question types make the game even more interesting . There are four different card categories which ask different types of questions . The TEASER category , asks you to figure out the relationship ; the SEQUENCE category asks you to put people , places and things in sequence ; the ODD-1-OUT category asks you to decide which thing does not belong and the WILD CARD category has many different types of fun question types . As if the great categories where not enough , the questions cover a great range of knowledge ; including pop culture , music , literature , geography , history ; science ... just everything ! Better yet , there are detailed answers to every question . So you are not just left with a one world answer , but an explanation . You actually learn a thing or two of interesting facts and details . The questions are smart -LRB- real smart ! -RRB- , not the dumbdown version in other Trivia games . I can not stress to you how fantastic this game is ... that is if you are up for the challenge !
 Wit 's End is a challenging , fun and overall great game . I ca n't tell you how many times I bought a new game and thought I wish I tried something else . No so with Wit 's End . My group of friends are competitive and this game was the perfect outlet for us to show off . The luck element thrown in the game made it so nobody felt too secure when they were near the finish square . The questions are different and interesting , which is a must on a game like this . Even if you do n't win , at least you have great fun trying . For me , it is better luck next time -- I did n't win -LRB- sshh , please do n't tell anyone ! -RRB- .
 The lovely thing about this game is that it 's just as much fun played w / two people as it is w / six ! I highly reccommend this game because , unlike Trivial Pursuit , it does NOT take an eternity to finish . The rules are simple and the topics infinite . It is a guaranteed delight ! I learned a LOT of new things thanks to this game . Buy it NOW !
 We had a blast playing this game . It was fun ... challenging ... informative ... interesting ... and down right entertaining . The great thing about this game is that unlike other Trivia games where if you do not know the answer , you just say `` I do n't Know '' , with Wit 's End you are given choices to either put in order , eliminate or compare . That way you never say `` I do n't know '' and instead use processes of elimination to come up with the right answer . A great social element about this game is that you are able to promote or demote other players based on right answers to some questions . This evened-out the playing field because everybody kept demoting the know-it-all and promoting the player which was falling behind . The questions cover all areas - pop culture , history , geography , science , sports , etc. . The game is a solid 10 .
 This game will not disappoint . We had a group of adults aged 25 - 40 playing and the game night went brilliantly . This game not only has well thought out and interesting questions , but the play mechanism allows players to demote/promote one another when certain questions are answered correctly . We kept demoting the ` know-it-all ' in the group -- so thankfully , he never won a single game . A little unfair , but it certainly was fun making him work really hard to try and win the game . The questions in this game are all fair playing , meaning that they center around stuff people know , and the questions do not treat you like an idiot . They are challenging ! My only problem is that my friends keep asking me to bring it over to dinner parties and the box is on the big side and heavy , so I am hoping they will soon take the leap themselves and buy there own copy !
 This game is not only great to play sitting around during the holidays but year round . It 's a fun challenge for the sports and the pop culture -LRB- etc -RRB- `` Buffs '' Read the questions with friends or play the actual game . Be driven to your `` Wits End '' at any time for fun
 I like this game , its not dvd , ipod or anything techy BUT the questions are challenging for everyone ! I like that music fans and history nerds can play a game together !
 I bought this game last year and we ended up spending days playing it ! One of the most challenging and fun games I 've played in a long time .
 Trivial Pursuit on crack . That 's all I have to say . Even the most shameless glory hound at the game table was humbled by some of the questions in this game . We 've played quite a few times , and it continues to be a challenging , social , and conversation-inspiring time . Science buffs , literature geeks , pop culture mavens , sports fanatics , and history worms will all find a home here , and general-knowledge compilers will be hard-pressed to use all their powers to get through . Definitely not a game for the weak-minded , this game left more than a few players in the dirt . Play in teams .
 I 've played Wit 's End several times in the past month and highly recommend it to those who are tired of mindless board games . This one is a keeper . The questions are tough , but the multiple-choice format is an excellent way to overcome the level of difficulty . The material is far-reaching and superbly presented . This game is a classic ! If you are a reader , student , professional , or even mildly curious about the world around you , then buy this game .
 This is a very , very good game . The fact that you 're given options allows you to attempt some pretty hard questions . Socially , it is great fun , but you need to have the courage to face being wrong alot . This game does n't merely pander to those who want to show off the little learning they have but , rather , appeals to people who want to learn more , and to stretch out a bit , intellectually . The range of material is huge - there is nothing `` trivial '' about it . Great fun , great depth . I highly recommend it !!!
 The thing I like most about this game is that the questions are clever . Instead of insulting your intelligence -LRB- the problem with far too many games of this kind -RRB- , the questions give your brain a real workout . It is n't just that they are well chosen , but the options given as possible answers are deceptive - so you really do have to think your answer through . I also like the extra suspense built into the game - you do n't know until you flip over the card to check your answer whether you 'll be booby-trapped by one of those little notes telling you to ` move up a level ' or ` send an opponent down a level ' . So a word of caution - be nice to other players , and certainly do n't be smug about any success you might be having , or you 'll find everyone ganging up on you in no time ...
 If you like Trivia Pursuit , but getting a little board of it , try this . The Questions are fresh and intersting and you do n't need a PHD to play along .
 This is the best game I have every played . I originally played this at a friends and all of us had to have our own copy . It is a must have for all game players who enjoyed being challenged and who enjoy having fun at the same time . Instead of straight trivia , this game tests , your knowledge in a whole different way . To boot it provides real options and detailed explanations . We have so much fun discussing the questions that come up . The questions range between good fun trivia to geography , politics , history , literature , etc. . The difference from other games out there is that the categories are not based on the subject but on the type of question . Basically , there are four types of questions - brain teasers -LRB- you uncover the correct comparison -RRB- , odd one out -LRB- you decide which term does not fit -RRB- , sequence -LRB- you arrange 3 people , places or things in the correct order -RRB- , or wild card -LRB- many different types of really fun trivia -RRB- . What I also love about this game is that there is a twist to play . Bonus questions periodically come up in which if you get it right you can promote yourself up a level , but if you get it wrong you promote an opponent . This is a game lovers game .
 If I had to choose just one word to describe this game , it would have to be ` intelligent ' . If I had to use two words , I would choose ` very intelligent ' . You get the picture . Intelligent categories , intelligent subject areas , intelligent questions , intelligent game board - but let 's not get carried away . ` Wit 's End ' makes ` Trivial Pursuit ' look like , well ... a trivial pursuit .
 I bought Wits End after reading about some awards this trivia game won - deservedly , in my opinion . True to its word , it does Challenge Your Mind -LRB- as it says on the front of the box -RRB- . You are not asked your typical thrown-together-quickly-without-much-thought questions . Quite the opposite
 You can never get board playing Wit 's End and in fact you quite often find yourself at your Wit 's End . This is a game for people who love challenges and can rise to the occasion . The range of material is fantastic and the nature of the brain teasers allow you to take educated guesses . Since this game covers all subject areas , throughout the game our conversation changed from science to history to popular culture , etc. . It is definitely a game which a group of adults will enjoy playing . I can not remember having such fun playing a board game - it really brought the party together . Buy this game - you will not be disappointed .
 The thing I like about this game is that it is a trivia game that everyone can play . My hubbie hates Trivial Pursuit , but likes Wit 's End , because , since a lot of it is multiple choice , you have a chance of getting the answer even if you just guess .
 Wit 's End is a challenging game which can become extremely slow and boring if you have opponents who do n't have a clue as to what the questions are asking . Nevertheless , Wit 's End , if played with those who love knowing facts that may never come in handy , this game is the BEST . Seriously , this game is worth the money just to have those trivia cards for yourself to read every now and then because it 's fun to learn those trivial lil facts ! The analogy questions on the cards can be very tricky , but oodles of fun . Overall , a great game if you have a certain amount of patience .
 I 'm truly impressed with this game . I do n't often treat myself to buying a game , but I 'm glad I did this time . It is challenging to play -LRB- no doubt about that -RRB- , but you are left at the end feeling that you went through a worthwhile experience -LRB- I guess it 's that feeling that your time was well spent , and that you actually end up learning things as you go along -RRB- . Nice questions , nice big board , ample room to play , and enough different types of brain teasers -LRB- let alone subject areas -RRB- to keep play humming along nicely . Again , I 'm truly impressed .
 I have collected all the Trivia games out there . And boy am I happy I have added Wit 's End to my collection . It 's smart , it 's fun , it 's entertaining and oh , did I say it was smart , because it is ! This is the best type of game to take out at parties . The game generates conversations and exercises some mental stimulation . I had to give it my thumbs up in public ... it deserves the press ! Do n't be without this one in social gatherings .
 Despite some strange reviews to the contrary , this game will appeal to anyone who enjoys trivia games , whether you live near a coast or not . It is a fun and clever twist on traditional trivia games , but it 's not impossibly difficult . Even people who live in Alabama , Kentucky , or Nebraska will find this game enjoyable .
 This game is awesome ! You have a mix of questions that leave you at `` your wit 's end '' . From True and False questions ... where you have to get BOTH right to advance or word associations that will baffle your sense of logic . This game keeps you on your toes and does n't throw you under the bus like Trivial Pursuit . It also has an ongoing twist ... with things like
 This game has something for everyone - some easy questions , some very hard . It stimulates people to learn more , and offers those who are well-read something to sink their teeth into . For once the bar is n't set at the knees . It 's great fun , and very entertaining . Why is it we as a society embrace ignorance as a virtue ? For those reviewers who complain because it is too hard
 I originally played this over a friends house , but had to have one for my home . It is clear that much thought went into making the questions , which are not only entertaining , but clever . It is not just straight questions , but brain teasers and different types of question categories . Great fun and challenging to boot ! Great for parties .
 We got this game as a present to our 13 y.o. son . He really enjoyed playing Trivial Pursuit in a friend 's house and asked for the same type of game . After some research I found a link to Wit 's End . I had some reservations after reading that the game is intended for 16 y.o. and older , however , the description of the game was more appealing than Trivial Pursuit.Since getting the game we played three times . You can play single players as well as teams , and I would recommend teams , as you can `` Mix and match '' the abilities , talents and knowledge of the participants . The rules are very straight forward . The game has four levels . By rolling the dice and answering correctly you continue moving up the levels until you get to the center of the game board . Each card has four types of questions
 This is the hardest trivia game by far that I have ever played . I bought it for my brother for Christmas last year -- he easily swims through all of the other trivia games that I had bought him . With this one , he said he definitely was challenged . Some questions were down-right obscure and random . Others were just extremely challenging . This is not a game for those who do not take trivia and knowledge seriously -- it will probably bore you , like it does my youngest sister and boyfriend . However , if like my brother and I you thrive on random facts , this is the perfect fit for you .
 This is a great game ! It is a lot of fun , and not just trivia like Trivial Pursuit . There are word puzzles , analogies , and wild cards that could be about anything - 3 questions where you have to fill in two of the blanks , guessing someone 's name , etc. . It really is a great game , though probably better suited for an older age bracket , as we tried to play with an 11-year old , and there were just some words and musical groups she did n't -LRB- and could n't possibly be expected -RRB- to know .
 I normally do not go through the trouble to go out of my way and recommend a game . But this game deserves the extra attention . We were so pleased to have found it . It provides for an exhilirating evening and good old fashion fun and conversation . The question formats provide most of the fun . The great thing about this game is that if you do not know the answer , at least you can reason it out . I love the detailed answers on the back of the cards . You must have this game handy , just in case a dinner party goes dead , it you whip this out the party is bound to pickup .
 I saw a glowing review of this game on one of the TV new shows and this is the first time I actually acted on information the TV has provided me . I was intrigued by the questions the TV reviewer was reading out , so I bought the game . This is simply a great game . I love having it handy to whip out when friends come over and the evening is a blast . It is a classic and I highly recommend it .
 WIT 'S END , WIT 'S END , WIT 'S END . I have been waiting for a game like this . I love trivia and fact based games , but feel there has been a great void in that area since the hey day of Trivial Pursuit . The game is not at all like Trivial Pursuit - It is better ! Instead of straight questions , Wit 's End has mind teasing categories . These categories use all types of facts - historical , geographical , biological , political or on a more popular level - sports , movies , famous people , etc. . Also , there is an added twist - you can periodically promote or demote opponents or yourself , depending on if you provide the right -LRB- or wrong -RRB- answer . We , of course , kept demoting the person closest to the finish square . I definitely recommend WIT 'S END - playing it is a great way to socialize with your friends and family and have great fun doing it .
 This belongs in your game collection . You 'll be playing it forever and it 's fun . There 's a nice touch
 I am a 30 year old professional who bought this game for a dinner party . Wit 's End stole the show !!! If you like bright , competitive people and are tired of run-of-the-mill trivia , try this game . The questions are challenging , but you do have multiple choice answers - at least the information is in front of you - so no one should feel like an idiot for not having a reply . The range of material is phenomenal ! Full marks , people !!!
 I played Wit 's End at a friend 's game night . It was a great hit and I had to have a copy for my house . The thing I love about this game is that unlike other trivia/knowledge-based game out there , this game does not ask dumb or out of touch questions . In addition , the questions are not just straight questions , but brain teasers . You either compare terms , put things in order or pick the one that does not belong . So it is really easy to reason things out and pick one of the choices . That this game gives you choices makes it so much less frustrating to play than games that make you pull an answer out of thin air -- you have choices put in front of you ! So , how hard can it be ? Do n't be fooled -- it is a very challenging game . But that is what makes it so much fun . One suggestion ... though ... we had misread the instructions and assumed that when a question was answered correctly you moved up a level on the board . This , we learned was incorrect . You need to answer a question correctly on a square which allows you to move up on the board . But be careful ... If you answer a question incorrectly -- you might just as easily demote yourself a level on the board . This game is a must for any game lover 's collection . It is definitely an excellent way to spend quality time with friends and family ! I highly recommend it .
 I have to admit , the Amazon Editorial Review of this game intrigued me . But after playing Wit 's End just once I soon discovered what all the fuss is about . This is a very , very clever game . To begin with , there are so many types of questions -LRB- Brain Trivia , Teaser , Sequence , Odd1Out , Fill in the Blank , Two Out of Three , Matching Pairs - I could go on and on -RRB- that you are always on your toes . Just as impressive is the sheer range of knowledge and facts covered by the material . You always have options in front of you , so even if you do n't know the answer right away you can always apply some deductive reasoning . Hats off to the makers of this game .
 I am so happy I bought Wit 's End . I was so desperate to find a good trivia/knowledge game after the latest version of Trivial Pursuit disappointed us all . Wit 's End is an absolutely brilliant game . The questions are tough yet completely within reach . The method of testing your knowledge is devised around 4 different question types . In the Teaser category you are asked to deduce the correct relationship . In the Sequence category you arrange people , places , things , events into the correct order -LRB- e.g. oldest to youngest , longest to shortest , most to least , etc. -RRB- . In the Odd One Out Category , you need to determine which choice does not belong . And in the Wild Card category , anything goes - all different types of questions are thrown at you -LRB- e.g. match pairs , fill in 2 of 3 blanks , name people , places , things and events before time is up -RRB- . The topics covered in this game include everything
 I love knowledge-based games and this is the best one yet ! I was toying with buying Wit 's End for some time now and finally did in the new year . Boy , I wish I had this game during all my holiday parties -- it is a life saver and draws life into a party . The range of knowledge offered in this game is immense and it is very different than other trivia/knowledge games out there . Firstly , the questions are challenging -LRB- which is always good ! -RRB- . Secondly , you do not have to pick an answer out of thin air -- there are always choices listed for you so that you can reason out the answer . Instead of straight boring questions , you get to pick question types . My favorite is the `` Sequence category '' , where you need to arrange things in order . The things can be anything from geographical distances , to Film release dates , to animal sizes , etc. . The `` Odd-1-Out category '' is also great fun . You are given four terms and you need to decide which term does not fit the question . For instance , `` which one of the following is not a capital city '' , or `` which one of these films did not feature Mel Gibson '' . The questions range from trivia to down right serious knowledge . Even better , there are very detailed answers on the back of the card . Oh ... I almost forgot , I also love the bonus/sorry features which allows players to promote/demote each other based on right/wrong answers . This way the `` know-it-all '' in the group needs to be nice to all the other players in fear that everybody will demote him or her . You really will love this game - we do !
 I simply love this game . It tests player 's knowledge in a whole new way . The questions are arranged around four primary types - Odd1Out , Teasers , Sequence and Wild Card . The great thing is that even if you do not know the answer , at least you can use your powers of deductions because the nature of the question types mean you either have to pick the Odd1Out , Arrange People , Events or Things in Sequence , Compare Like Terms ... etc. . What I really like is that the questions are not obscure facts which nobody cares about - they are stuff you should know ! Instead there are fair -LRB- and often tough -RRB- questions about current and past events , people , popular culture , science , sports , literature -- you get the picture . You do not get to pick your subject , only the question type -LRB- I tried to always opt for the Sequence Catagory , while my know-it-all boyfriend opted for the Teasers -RRB- . You win the game by answering questions correctly and advancing levels on the board . But be careful , if you answer incorrectly , you might demote yourself . This is simply a super game .
 My family played this game during a recent anniversary party for my parents . The questions in this game are fantastic -- Interesting , Intelligent and Informative ! In a game centered around knowledge and trivia all you can ask for is that the questions do not make you roll your eyes with frustration . This game manages to ask great questions that interest all the players . You get to pick your favorite question type . The game revolves somewhat around lateral thinking which makes it all the more challenging and fun . You can &#65533; t go wrong with this one !
 I was given this game during the holidays by a cousin who handed me the gift with the ominous sounding words
 I usually get bored playing games , but playing WIT 'S END was anything but boring . If you are interested in Trivia , History , Geography , Sports , Popular Culture ... this game is for you . The questions are uniquely formed around four different types - TEASERS , ODD1OUT , SEQUENCE and WILD CARD . The TEASERS are comparisons and you need to find the correct relationship . The ODD1OUTs are exactly what it says , you need to find the out one out . The SEQUENCE is arranging things in order . The WILD CARD is just that - an anything goes category which keeps you on your toes . We had a great evening playing this game . There is a fun special mechanism in the game where you can promote and demote players for correct answers to certain questions . You really ca n't go wrong with this game - it is a keeper !
 I bought this game on a whim and found it to be fabulous . Many questions are very tough and , of course , some are quite easy - that 's called balance in my opinion . Also , with the tough ones you do get a multiple-choice chance of success - so you can get lucky and learn something in the process . This is a great game for both well-read people and those interested in learning - not for `` no-nothings '' who want to show off with dumbed-down trivia , or those who are scared off by quality product and have to criticize the material instead of their own failings . This is a wonderful game for students of learning !!!
 Lately , when we have purchased Trivia and Knowledged based game they seem to have been prepared for those of us that left our brains in grammar school . Wit 's End certainly passes that hurdle . It is a smart and challenging -LRB- yet not impossible -RRB- knowledge/trivia/brain teaser game . If your pursuit is for knowledge and you enjoy a good challenge Wit 's End is for you . We highly recommend this game .
 This was the best trivia and knowledge-based game I have every played . The analytical categories are superb and the range of knowledge is fantastic . We had great fun debating the questions and the answers are so detailed . This game is a blast and much much more different than other knowledge-based games out there .
 This is one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played . There are no short cuts in WIT 'S END except , of course , if your opponent is forced to bump you up a level -LRB- more on that later ... -RRB- . My family had a blast playing this game . The clever thing about this game is that the questions are based around different types not different subjects . So it was fun trying to arrange things in order , pick the odd-1-out , or compare two like phrases . Unlike other games like this , everyone had a fighting chance at wining . This was especially because there is this great feature where if certain question are answered correctly you get to demote an opponent . On the other hand , if you answer incorrectly - you might have to demote yourself . The object is to advance up the board by answering correctly , but if everybody playing is demoting you , you might have some enemies in getting there ! I highly recommend this .
 I 'm a college sophmore who first played this game with some friends in my dorm . I recently played it again at home during the summer break . WIT 'S END is a favourite with both crowds , and I see why it 's so popular . It is very thought provoking and engaging , has good question material , and has a good size game board . I think that it is best summed up by an old saying
 This is a terrific game for Trivia lovers . Finally , a game that educated people can sink their teeth into . It 's fun and entertaining . There 's some luck , some tough stuff , some easy stuff - the whole range . For people who complain it 's too hard
 Lately , when we have purchased Trivia and Knowledge-based games they seem to have been prepared for those of us that left our brains in grammar school . Wit 's End certainly passes that hurdle . It is a smart and challenging -LRB- yet not impossible -RRB- knowledge/trivia/brain teaser game . If your pursuit is for knowledge and you enjoy a good challenge - Wit 's End is for you . We highly recommend this game .
 Got the game for Christmas and played it thoughout the holiday . Good mix of questions . The only problem was we played it so much that we went through all of the questions and then it was more of a memory game . Also a good game to play in teams .
 Great Game ! Looks at trivia in a whole new way . Love it .
 Wit 's end is a very fun game . I recommend it to anyone who wants to challenge their knowledge . If you do n't know much you will by the time you finish the game . If you do n't reach your Wit 's End before you finish that is .
 Wow ! This is a great game . Finally , while the kids are off playing pictionary , us adults have something fun that will show off what we know . As a few reviewers have indicated , steer clear of this game if you enjoy watching Ricky Lake , Oprah , Soap Operas , Temptation Island , Average Joe , or Joe Millionaire . There are n't many questions about these shows and watching them sucks the smarts right outta ya . So , enjoy this game with your family and do n't get sucked into the junk on TV .
 This was a great gift for my 10 year old son . Hours of fun . It bounces too !!! Recommend it for all age groups .
 I recently purchased the Matchitecture Mississippi Boat and can safely say that so far it has given me many hours of enjoyment . This is not a `` toy '' for kids and takes a lot of time and patience to put together . I highly recommend this for all adults who enjoy putting together detailed models . The instructions that come with the kit are perfect and leave no detail of the process out . Each sheet of the instructions is placed under an acetone sheet that is used to glue the pieces together on . The only thing that does not come in this kit is a piece of sandpaper for sanding off rough edges . I hope everyone who purchases this model will enjoy the experience of building their own Mississippi Boat as much as I have !
 I bought this boat for my 10 years old son
 its more work then i expeceted but i love it . only thing that i disliked is they didnt tell you , only their glue works . i tryed several others doesnt work .
 The Riverboat model was packaged very nicely to prevent any damage and arrived on schedule.I was very pleased with the whole process .
 My daughter is 18 mo. old . She is just starting to really love Barney . SHE picked this toy out , herself . It 's very plush and cute . When Barney sings his song and says `` a kiss from me to you '' , she kisses Barney . I did n't even know that there was a velcro closing in the back for the batteries , so therefore , it must not be so bad . I recommend this toy to every parent that has a child who loves Barney .
 Before Lydia came alone , my husband and I were -LRB- dare I say -RRB- Barney Haters . We could not fanthom the fascination with this big goofy dinasaur.Now my 2 year old watches the show , and I do n't know what I 'd do w/o him . She * adores * Barney . She sings along , dances , and learns things.To the point : I bought this toy because it played the song `` I Love You '' and Lydia really likes singing along with that.Pros :1 . She loves Barney2 . Plays the song she likes and recognizes most.Cons :1 . It only plays one chorus of the first part of the song for every push .2 . Button should be where the heart is instead of under it . She 's managed to push it on her own a few times , but it 's mostly me pushing it .3 . Could stand to be a little more plush and probably about 4 inches bigger for better squishy-hugability . Even with all the cons however , I do n't regret this purchase . It needs work , but Lydia still likes it , just not as much as she * could * like it .
 My 20 month old daughter loves this Barney . She takes it everywhere and sleeps with it every night . I have not had any problems with the velcro which conceals the battery pack . However , it is hard for little ones to push the mechanism which makes Barney sing the `` I love you '' song . However , that does n't seem to bother my daughter , she just loves to cuddle with it . It is the perfect size for a child her age . I would recommend this toy to any parent who has a child who likes Barney . Just be prepared for your child to ask you to make Barney sing when she wants to hear the song .
 I got this for my daughter when she was 2 1/2 and she loved him . She 's almost 5 now and still sleeps with him every night . We 've never had any trouble with the Velcro , in fact it stays very tightly together . He 's traveled on a airplane , stayed in motels with us and even gone on the Disney Cruise Line with us and he still looks great . He rides in the car with us everyday too . He 's been a good friend to my daughter . We 've replaced his batteries once . I highly recommend him .
 I have a two year old son who loves barney . This toy was the first barney toy we got him , and the two of them are now inseperable . This barney toy is also very durable . I accidentally put him through the washing machine without taking the voice box out , and it still works like new . I would say that this toy is definitely great for toddlers who like barney.I highly reccomend it . -LRB- so does my two year old ! -RRB-
 I bought this toy for my 6 month old daughter on Dec 4 , 2003 and when it arrived she was totally thrilled.I would press the heart and let it sing her to sleep.Barney is adorable .
 My daughter is 19 months old and has grown quite fond of Barney . She really loves this toy ! When she squeezes his belly and he sings , she hugs and kisses Barney and then runs to find me so she can hug and kiss me too ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This Barney Doll is very soft for babies and kids . This is not like other singing dolls , it is pretty safe and kids are unable to remove the battery inside -LRB- the battery pack is very hard to remove for them -RRB- which makes the toy very safe . Also , the size is ok for a kid.Unfortunately this doll only came with one Barney 's song .
 A lifesaver ! My son is so happy with this toy . He holds Barney by the head and twirls him around as he sings . It 's adorable to watch !!!
 My grandaughter loves her Barney , although this Barney was a little smaller than the Barney she originally had .
 My little girl loves barney and loves this toy , it was worth buying for sure . I personally do n't like barney that much but she is learning the Barney Song with it and looks happy .
 This barney doll was perfect for my little girl , she is able to carry it everywhere , and its not hard to make the song play by pressing his stomach , she loves it .
 She will not go anywhere or sleep without it . She adores this toy and it becomes her best friend .
 I LOVE TO LISTEN TO IM SING AT NIGHT IT PUTS ME TO SLEEP AT NIGHT HE SINGS SO GREAT I LOVE TO HUG IT WHEN I GET SCARED I CUDLE UP WITH BARNEYI AM 12 AND I STILL LOVE BARNEY HE IT SO KOOL * \ O / * gO BARNEY GO * \ O / * GOD BESS THE USA !
 I got this toy for my 14th birthday and it was fav . ! i love barney forever and ever and ever etc. ! All teens should watch the show !!!!!! I love you you love me where a happy family with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you wont you say you love me too !!!!!!!!! 1111
 THIS TOY IMPRESS MY GRANDCHILD VERY MUCH . . HE 'S ONLY 14 MONTHS AND ENJOYS THE BARNY SHOW . . I ALREADY HAVE TICKETS TO TAKE HIM TO SEE THE SHOW . . THIS TOYS MAKES THE YOUNG PARENTS BE MORE CLOSER TO THEIR KIDS . .
 My 2 year old daughter received the singing `` I love you '' Barney for her first christmas . Barney went wherever she went . Unfortuantely we lost Barney in the shopping mall one day and I was completely devastated . I searched the internet for stuffed Barney toys and amazon.com appeared . Thankfully , I found the exact same Barney she had lost and replaced it for her . She is thrilled . Thank you amazon.com . This toy is a must for any Barney fan !
 I bought Barney for my two month old . She loves him . This toy has helped sing baby to sleep plenty of times . She already loves to hold him tight ! He goes where `` we '' go . . and she loves to hold on to him when we go for rides .
 I bought this toy for my 10 month old and she loves it . She tries to give Barney a great big hug to get him to sing , and it is hilarious ! She is n't quite strong enough yet , but I continiue to help her . I think it is a very durable toy and I have not have a safety problems with it . The device to make him sing does tend to change its position , but it 's no big deal !
 My daughter Katie loves the Barney doll . She sings with the toy and watches the viedos . The videos have taught her to share toys and sing and dance and excerise ... It is a great toy .
 I bought this for my 6 year old foster child . She cuddled it right away , but unfortunately was sick the first night all over it . But I hand washed it and laid it out to dry for 3 days , and to my delight Barney still sang . The only drawback is that it is NOT Barney 's voice singing .
 THis is the perfect size barney . It is cute as could be . The sound did not last through the wash . It had to be put through ! It is still a favorite though . I have found cheaper in other stores . Shop around .
 You can buy the same item from Toys R Us for $ 13.99 . Do not pay $ 35.99 for this item from Amazon .
 This barney plush toy is very nice and cute when it sing I LOVE YOU . The only problem is after I bought this a couple of months ago . It wo n't sing anymore . Even I replaced the batteries still wo n't . Now my toddler keep telling me that it wo n't work and she wants new one . I 'm just wondering if I could buy only the heart as a replacement . Any suggestion ??
 This figure is n't bad on its own merits . However , I got it to make a Darth Desolous custom , and it 's awesome for that purpose . If you use the legs of this figure and the upper body of Tion Medon it comes out really well .
 This has to be one of the more realistic looking figures to date
 This is the same Ford tracktor my father has in his farm . I like the details . Really cool to have it .
 ... why the heck is this a `` Batman Returns '' Robin for ? He was n't even in the movie.Hmmm ... very strange.Well , that aside.This action figure does look really cool none the less.I had one of these when I was about 8 years old , and I enjoyed it very much.Great detail , very durable -LRB- as all of Kenner 's toys were -RRB- , very fun and a nice collectable action figure.The whole `` Batman Returns '' label always confused me though.Anyway , if you 're a collector , I highly recommend you buy this .
 The Marisa doll is of course beautiful , her wardrobe is updated compared to the usual garish and cheap outfits mattel usual clothes barbie in , she is inexpensive yet well designed , from her hair to her shoes . A must for all collectors !
 My little girl loves to play with webkinzs Thanks for helping me add to her collection !!
 I love webkinz ! This dog is one of my favorites . It stays together really well . I would defenitly get more toys from this company .
 This pup has a sweet little face , very much like a West Highland Terrier . My daughters love the Fergus book about such pooch , and immediately loved their girly version . When it came packaged , it was practically vacuum-packed ~ it was that tight . But as soon as I pulled her out of the plastic , her coat poofed right out . The fur is very silky and soft , and is fun to touch . It may be a chore to keep debris from settling into the nap , like actual dog hair , pine needles from the tree , lollipop fragments ... This doggy is n't very squishy and soft body-wise , but is still a great companion to my daughters ' many others !
 No problems with the lil ` kinz from this store . Code worked jusy fine and we received it quick !
 This is my favorite Lil ` Kinz that I have gotten for my kids . The coat is so silky and the dog is adorable and soft .
 This was a replacement for the same dog . . Baby had turned cute puppy into mange puppy . . THis replacent allowed baby to have her puppy bavkck without the mange ... lolFast deleivery . . Thanks . .
 bought this toy for a birthday present . It was exactly what the 9 yr . old girl wanted . She wanted to complete her set . It 's cute . Looked exactly like the picture . Durability will depend on how hard it gets played with . Educational value - the girls make up all kinds of stories using their stuffed animals .
 The lil ' White Terrier is very cute , but has so much hair ! I often have to brush it to make it look decent . But once you 've owned this dog for a litle while , you ca n't help but fall in love with its cute charm !
 The Inuyasha in human form doll arrived promptly and exactly as advertised on Amazon . It was in perfect condition and my daughter loves it . Thank you .
 I bought both InuYashas for my 17 year old niece 's birthday . They are very cute , not the most quality made product ever , but still adorable , and it 's not like most people the age that wants them will sleep with them or carry them everywhere like a toddler . : -RRB-
 My girlfriend has an obsession with Inuyasha ... LITTERALLY ... she buys herself inuyasha things all the time ... so i decided i 'd support the obessesion -LRB- since i cant beat it -RRB- and buy her something , out of surprise :-RRB- because i usually ask if she would like this , or if she would want that ... :P well ... its a cool doll , it has a a String at the tip of the head with the type of rubber stick on circle that you can attach to on a car or somewhere . worth it honestly
 The Inuyasha plush in Human form is a great looking plush for any fan . Its makes a nice little gift for girls and boys . It also comes with a suction cup to stick it on a window or wall . I brought for a friend and she seem to like it .
 On the night of the New Moon , Inuyasha , being half Japanese Youkai , takes on the form of an ordinary human . This human form Inuyasha plush has raven black hair and dark brown eyes , but still retains the character 's cocky , fearless expression . Adds variety and fun to a collection of otherwise silver haired , perky-eared Inuyashas . Just as cute as the original , with a window display suction cup .
 Just cute , no problems with it . The details are great and there is a string with a suction cup if you are desire to hang it up . Like I said too cute
 This plushie also doubles as a window-hang with a little suction cup attached to hang it up ! Perfect for any Inuyasha fan !
 This is a beautiful doll in a darling party outfit . My daughter wanted a big sister to her babies and I did not want to get an American Girl doll just yet . This is a hit ! perfect size , soft body and great brushable long hair that can be styled and washed !
 I initially ordered this as one of the decoration items for my son 's 1st bday party , which was CG themed . It looked great sitting on the table near his CG cake ! He really rocks back and forth , while the lone ranger is playing ! It 's the sweetest thing , but more importantly my 1 year old son gets a kick out of it !
 It 's cute , sturdy , good for 1-2 year olds , but not biologically accurate.First , this is super cute - looks just like the picture . We got it for my youngest son 's 1st birthday . He needs a little help getting on , but can rock himself and can get off easily -LRB- although he 's a little clumsy about it -RRB- . His feet reach the footrests and he can * almost * touch the floor when he is sitting on the zebra , so it 's quite short/low to the ground.The wood seems very study and I think it will hold up well . We also have a 3 year old , so it was important to buy a rocker that could support him , too . the 3 year old does use it some and the rocker easily holds him with no issues . However , he looks ridiculous because the rocker is so small ; I would n't buy this for anyone older than 2 . Good
 I 've been looking for games to help my 4 year old son with memory , turn taking and just game `` etiquette '' . My son really loves Marvel Heroes and I was thinking of getting him the regular Zingo but I saw this one and let me tell you we play this game at least once per day -LRB- and sometimes 3 times per day -RRB- . Fantastic game !
 The Zingo game was on a wish list for my boyfriend 's grandson since he had played this game at a beach house rental they had stayed at and had really liked playing it . When I found this one with the super heroes theme then we had a winner . He is so into super heroes and to have these characters on the playing pieces made it extra special for him and encouraged him to play with it more . Zingo is a great game for kids as it is not too difficult and makes them search their playing card to match the character that was selected . The adults can get into this game as well !
 This game is great . I bought it for my son 's 6th birthday . I love surprising him with unique gifts . We play for hours with his step sister who is 8 . We all have fun and it 's so easy to use . It 's best played with three people so that you have one person being just the dealer . Best part is no one minds being the dealer because it 's easy and fun to use . Great for your little super hero fans . Nice to find something that you do n't see in stores everywhere .
 i bought this and a whole lot of other toys from tim burtons movies and made ornaments out of all of them and put them on a white christmas tree . they look amazing come christmas time , their so well constructed and wont break at all when the animals or kids knock them off the tree . i love them .
 I bought this item for my nephew who is crazy over Elliot ! I gave it to him for Christmas and he just loves the thing , as a matter of fact he wo n't put it down . So apparently its a pretty good product . The shipping was in average time `` about a week '' -LRB- BEWARE , FOR ALL THE FAKES OUT THERE , THEIR IS ALOT OF THEM -RRB-
 GR 8 item for kids and best thing about this books is kids can learn so quickly and at the same time , have lots of fun .
 Overall , I highly recommend this toy . My 4 year old son loves to use this microphone with the two books that came with it . Its been exciting to see him interact by speaking to the LeapPad and hearing his answers . I am not an educator , but the value of this technology seems tremendous.One problem with this microphone , and perhaps the LeapPad also , is it does not always reproduce the sounds very clearly . My son says his name correctly as `` Max '' but it plays back as `` Ma '' . Whatever gets recorded also sounds somewhat scratchy . My other comment is the connection between the microphone module and the LeapPad is pretty sensitive to movement and is prone to cutting-out unexpectly .
 This set is a great addition to the Leap pad books . My 4 year old has play with these books more than any other . He really likes the fact that he can hear his own voice . I think it will help him learn with out him knowing it .
 All three of my boys -LRB- 21 months-11 years -RRB- love this addition to our Leapfrog . The 4 and 11 year old have no problem putting in the mircophone . The both enjoy recording and then playing back and then rerecording and playing back again . The 21 month old moves the pen-when he hears a beep he chatters something . He can also get it to play back . I gave it 3 stars for durable because the baby ripped the pages out of the book .
 This product was loads of fun . My daughter loved hearing her own voice and making sounds in the book . We never had a problem with the microphone , just the pen when she decided to chew through the cord . No worries Leap Pad replaces them for 5 dollars !
 My 4 year old loves it and he has so much fun listening to his voice he plays with it everyday and it really helps him say it correctly and he tries to say everything he loves saying his name -LRB- TYLER -RRB- and it does sound like his name when it comes over the mic . great toy .
 I bought these on sale -LRB- ... -RRB- and it was more than worth it . I would even say they are worth more than that . My sisters and their kids were at my house -LRB- 7 kids -RRB- and we all took turns making the different recordings -LRB- even the adults -RRB- and we were cracking up . I wish I would have gotten extras for Christmas gifts !
 This is a nice toy with microphone.My daughter loved hearing her own voice and making sounds in the book . It is a great toy for gift .
 This is a great looking model of the F7 A & B unit . I 've had mine for about 6 months and itis one of my favorite models . Having said this , there are some pros and consPros - Accurate details , smooth running , pulls 30 40 ' cars up a 3 % grade , The sound is crisp and clear . Both A&B ; units are powered and have sound.Cons - The MRC decoder will not run slow . About 8 mph is about as slow as it gets . Control of the volume is difficult electronically , as their is only 3 settings . The sound is plenty loud , just a bit difficult to control.Price , I paid under $ 259 for mine and for what you get , I think this is a unit worth about $ 235 bucks .
 This is a very cute valance for my son 's room . I took the other poster 's advice and cut it in half for two windows . It is extremely long .
 This valance was very very long , so we cut it in half and used it for 2 windows ! It looks great !
 This is a Great addition to our other Lincoln Log Sets , My son and my daughter both enjoy this set , mostly due to the log breaker that knocks out one wall so the safe can be robed !! Fun Fun Fun !!!!!
 Besides the fact they bring back a million memories of when I was young , they are a great gift for any child . . any age . My son will play with this for hours ! Thanks for keeping these around !
 This is the 2nd set of Lincoln Logs we 've bought for our grandson who is 4 1/2 and it was a big hit . He combines it with the other one and it keeps him very happily engaged . It 's great too because we can participate in the building ... I would recommend it highly .
 `` Lincoln Logs
 You will get your money 's worth !! As long as you do n't spend more than $ 3 . Get a whole box - perfect for a fun afternoon garbage draft with your friends . Cardboard is crispy to perfection , but do not attempt to eat .
 This is a great game/quiz deck/20 questions kind of game for the dinner table -LRB- minus the dice but just asking questions -RRB- , in a restaraunt , in the car , waiting at the dentist office , while hanging out with someone who is doing dishes , etc. . Our son -LRB- 7 1/2 yrs . -RRB- has an interest in the American Revolution and we went to the library and checked out lots of long picture books and chapter books . After a month or two of casual reading we wanted to use our information a bit . This was a great review of materials and since it is a game made using what we 'd learned fun . This is a good bet for home schoolers . We are looking forward to getting other Professor Noggin 's Games .
 Enjoyable and useful tidbits of History arranged in a fun way . However , the packaging is clumsy as it has to accommodate a pair of dice . Please , just put in a deck of cards case and say `` get a pair of dice to play the game '' . I just use them as flash cards and do not bother with their ` game ' and enjoy it that way .
 Very , ver cute ! Stewies 3 sayings are NOT vulgar as some reviews suggest . Dolls expression is hilarious and the voice is all Stewie from the show . Found this too be a fun item for a plush toy . Again , contrary to other reviews there is nothing `` inappropriate '' in the general sense regarding Stewie 's `` comments '' . But if easily offended , then not a true Family Guy fan anyway , so decision to purchase would `` speak for itself '' ... if big Family Guy fan , highly recommended !
 We bought Stewie because he is such a character and as adults , think he is great . I would not recommend this as a toy for youngsters . The humor would be beyond their comprehension . Good construction but the box needs to instruct to press the foot -- not the hand .
 Stewie was a gift for my grandson for X-Mas . Santa has nothing on MIMI ! He said it was his favorite present of all !
 My wife loves Family Guy so this was a perfect gift for her . It well made and says some of Stewie 's more popular sayings .
 My grandson loves Stewie he carries it every where.the last one he had tore apart so fast it was a all plush one
 I used this as a prop a year ago for Halloween , my husband and i went as the Griffins . This was a total hit and it still works .
 I bought this as a ` gag ' gift for my ` older ' son . . who promtly put Stewie by his lap top !! LOL seems he and Stewie share lol thesame ` thoughts ' ... . towards . . lol . . their moms ... -LRB- me being the mom in this case lol -RRB- Very cute/sayings are audible . Stewie just reminds me . . of the simple fact ... lol we really NEVER know what our young/middle aged children are REALLY lol thinking !!!
 My son got this lamb as a baptism gift and decided to make it his lovey . Over the past couple of years , the poor thing has lost its blanket , stopped praying and turned a nasty gray color , but my son is still crazy about it . After unsuccessful attempts at surface cleaning , the prayer was n't really working anymore , so I tried to wash it in the washing machine to at least kill the germs , which you are not supposed to do . That 's when the blanket came off and the prayer stopped working completely . I bought a new one , but I 'm waiting for the right time to make the switch . I suggest that if you plan to buy one for a young child , buy at least two and switch them out to share the wear . The fact they are not machine washable is a real problem .
 My daughter loves this doll but it is very hard to clean . She sleeps with it every night . I wish there was another fluffles with the blankie that was machine washable . It is an adorable christening/blessing/baptism gift though .
 The artwork ofMark Frost , whose distinctive style graces some of our family 's favorite puzzles in theCeaco Dockside line , appears in the Great American Puzzle Factory Heartland series with this 2007 Home Sweet Home puzzle.Frost ` sartfeatures detailed line work -LRB- individual shingles drawn on a roof , for instance -RRB- , in a flat palette of bold , rich colors . His scenes are anchored by a primary structure such as a house or other large building , surrounded by smaller , but complementary elements , like people , cars , birds and foliage.The Great American Puzzle Factory makes cardboard puzzle pieces that feel like a piece of aluminum ; hard and compact , yet lightweight . These pieces click right into place without bending or fraying - always a good feature for 550-piece puzzles which are geared toward the younger and less skilled builder.This is a beautifully rendered and produced puzzle . I gave it four stars , though , because Frost 's art consistently features only white people . A quick review of his website reveals this same narrow demographic in his other work.Frost 's art feels timeless which should render his color bias unnecessary .
 This is a pretty fun 2-player game . Hobby gamers wo n't have any trouble with it , although kids who are only used to traditional games like Candyland or Go Fish may need a little adult help to learn it . It includes basic and advanced rules , so you can try the simple version -LRB- which leaves out some of the cards -RRB- first . Note that gameplay is nearly identical toClash of the Lightsabers Star Wars Card Game . The main difference -LRB- aside from the theme and artwork -RRB- is that this game does n't include pewter miniatures for keeping score -- you just flip scoring cards to track that . Also , this game uses illustrations while the Star Wars game had movie stills on the cards . On the plus side , this game will fit in your pocket.I was able to play this with my preschooler -LRB- who plays a lot of games and is into anything Transformers -RRB- by taking out all the cards with text on them and just playing with the number cards . I 'll add in the others once he can read them .
 This was a gift for my 4 1/2 yo who is reluctant to begin writing as his lines are n't ever straight enough for his liking . I chose this one for the size , the script and the price . I think this one is perfect for brand-new writers .
 I bought this for my grandson to learn how to write AND to identify the letters . He took to it as soon as it was unwrapped . He loves writing the letters out , and now prints the individual letters all over the place.We , or he , had practiced with another program `` Writing Without Tears '' but became easily frustrated . My grandson has a mild form of Sensory Processing Disorder.He has never been in preschool or playschool , yet he is able to sight identify the letters of the alphabet because of these templates.I 100 % recommend this product to anyone with children .
 I purchase this item for my granddaughter to teach her how to write . She love using it . I would recommend this product to any one who wants to teach their children how to write .
 I 'm a college freshman who needed a replacement for my coin jar . This was a cheap and unique bank so I got it . It spins the coins pretty well when you put them in -LRB- most of the time -RRB- , so is exactly what I expected . The colors vary , and mine is purple . As for the educational value , I have no input . It holds my change and spins coins around , just like it 's supposed to .
 If I could rate this product 20 stars I would . This product is made by the same company who made the furniture slides . These are the ones that you put under heavy furniture to be able to move it from place to place over carpet.My boys and I used to put paper plates under our shoes and go `` skating '' on the carpet . We 'd have a great time until the paper plates would crunch up under our shoes and our boys got tired of `` shocking '' each other with the static electricity . I always thought it would be great if someone would invent carpet skates.Well lo and behold , here they are ! I bought my boys each a pair and they have a great time with them . You strap them on to your athletic shoes and you skate on carpet . You are able to lift your feet in these and you ca n't shock each other with static electricity , much better than paper plate skates . They have toe grips so you do n't slide out of them as easy , but I 'm sure the smaller your feet the more likely that could happen which you would need to make sure to tighten the straps . These skates are recommended for 6 to adult . I will say I will be purchasing 2 more pair for my husband and I to skate with the boys , since sharing is n't an option . They are a lot of fun and it is a great workout . It helps the boys expel their energy when they are unable to go outside . They have liked these so much that video games are now a close second to their carpet skates . I have recommended these to a lot of my friends for their kids for presents . Living in NE , where we get a lot of snow and cold weather , carpet skates are a great way to have fun when it is too cold to go out . The price is n't bad either . It is half the price of video games and your kids -LRB- you , too -RRB- get exercise too .
 I got a pair of fun slides for my nephew 's birthday . He is 7 years old . He was n't really excited at first , because he had never seen a pair of funslides before . However , I was told that he and his younger brother , ag 5 , both quickly fell in love with them . In fact I plan to get my younger nephew his own pair when his birthday rolls around .
 My daughter loves this toy . We just purchased new shag carpet and my daughter can accomplish 10-15 feet slides with spins . I like it for exercise . I strap on the skates and do a skating motion up and down the hallway . Great exercise .
 Great idea ! My son had a blast sliding on the carpet for weeks after Christmas . One strap has ripped , but I believe I will be able to sew it and he can continue to slide away .
 My kids love these skates . They wear them all over the house and have a blast . It helps burn up some of that energy on days when you are stuck inside with nothing to do . My husband and I tried them and they are a lot of fun for grown ups too !
 on a whim i purchased a pair for my granddaughter -LRB- who exclaimed she had been wanting some for a while -RRB- , and a pair for myself for working out my legs and abdominal area.needless to say , we both enjoy these !
 I purchased the fun slides for my 8 year old nephew and he loves them . It looks like so much fun , I had to try them myself . It 's amazing how slippery they are .
 I got this toy for my two nephews , they both love it and have a great time playing actively inside the house . It is a great entertainment for the winter time .
 I played this with my four children ages 5 - 14 . The three oldest have been studying physical science this year . I like this game because of it 's different levels . We could ask my 14 year old the difficult questions , and we were flexible with the others . My 5 year old surprised us all by answering some of his brother 's questions for him . Evidently , he had learned a lot from listening to our Jonathon Park cd 's this year . When they heard it was a game about physical science , they had no interest in playing . But they did enjoy it .
 This card game is fun and educational at the same time even for adults . You will have fun trying to recall facts you learned in your school days .
 Played this with my kids -LRB- 9 and 7 -RRB- last night.It was a little difficult for the 2nd grader , but she surprised us and got a few correct . However , the 9 year old just started with rocks and was very excited when he saw they were a part of the game . It was fun for all 3 of us ! Mom got asked the hard questions and the kids got the easy!When they 're too old for it , it will get donated to the school so that teachers can use it in class .
 Overall the professor noggin cards are educational and fun . However in the earth science pack we found a very obvious mistake
 My daughter and I love these games they are all fantastic ! We both learn things . We homeschool and use these for our science on some days .
 I purchased this desk for my daughter 's sixth birthday . It 's the perfect size for her , her desk , and her homework . I got it in a maple color . It was extremely easy to assemble . My only concern is that I feel like I 'm too big to sit on the bench , like I may break or tip over the whole thing . I feel completely confident that my two girls can sit on the bench together , though .
 I purchased this desk for my daughter 's sixth birthday . It 's the perfect size for her , her desk , and her homework . I got it in a maple color . It was extremely easy to assemble . My only concern is that I feel like I 'm too big to sit on the bench , like I may break or tip over the whole thing . I feel completely confident that my two girls can sit on the bench together , though .
 I love these little guys ! I am going to use them to top my husband 's birthday cake for decorations . I think they are adorable !
 I bought this as a birthday gift for a programmer who 's an expert with Python -LRB- the programming language -RRB- . Needless to say , it was a hit.It was larger than I thought it would be , but once I had it coiled up nicely it was just the right size .
 I 'm a self-admitted geek who loves Tony Millionaire . When I saw that there was a PVC figure of Drinky Crow , I knew I had to have it for my nerdabilia collection . Drinky Crow has two sets of interchangeable eyes ; one normal , and one for when he 's drunk ; and also comes with a jug of booze.This is n't really a toy one can play with , but more of a collector 's item.Mine sits on top of my bar , guarding the bottles of whiskey .
 I saw this figure on The IT Crowd and wanted it immediately . The figure comes with `` sober and drunk eyes '' which can be swapped out . Also , the little booze bottle 's cork can be removed , which is pretty cool . The first to my collection of figures , definitely very durable , but I wish the packaging is a bit more unique -LRB- for display -RRB- .
 We now own 4 of the Professor Noggin games . They are all set up the same . You roll a die , then you are asked the corresponding question . If you are correct you keep the card . The player with the most cards wins . There are 2 sets of questions per card , easy and hard . This makes it more competitive and easier to play with various ages . It passes the test of my 3 boys because they ask to play again . Some may say that the answers could be memorized , but I like to think they have learned the information !
 It is an easy way to review or learn about explorers . The game is a deck of cards and one dice . There is nothing to set up just take the cards out of the box and your done . If we do n't have alot of time , I pick a small number like 6 and say who ever gets six cards first win . If you are going on a trip , these games are small and easy to play anywhere . The other great thing about this game is if you do lose a card the game is not ruined . You could even play it in a car .
 It is easy to play and you ca n't help learning something . It is a great way to review . I played the game with my 6 and 9 year old girls . Both enjoyed the game and want to play it again especially if I count it as part of school . Because the questions cover a great deal of material some subject we have not covered yet so it was a fun way to introduce new topics . After playing this game , I went on line to find out what other topics they covered . I was happy to find a great many different subjects .
 This is an excellent fun way to help with your kids education . Mine love playing . From my 5 year old to my 15 year old . We do change the rules a little bit to allow all of them to play together .
 This game is a good way to learn about birds . Questions have varying degrees of difficulty which means younger kids can play along with their older siblings . Interesting facts , nice illustrations on the cards and a reasonable price make this a good purchase if your kids are interested in learning more about birds . Mine were ; we played this game every day for two weeks straight and it still manages to find its way into our game rotation at least once a month .
 I purchased Professor Noggin 's Countries of the World Card Game for my niece and nephew for Christmas . I find that they do n't learn a lot of things in school that I think they should and was looking for something that they could both play with and learn from.However , this game actually exceeded my expectations . The kids learn from the questions and answers in the game and then will remember later if the question is asked again . While this is a memorization of the facts , I can then ask a deeper question or other questions about the same thing and they are able to deduce or learn from those questions as well.I find it actually teaches the adults a lot too , as there are many that they do n't know . I 'd be excited about a 3rd edition of Countries of the World , as there are several countries yet to be added ... but many of those are n't taught in our education system either.We 've all enjoyed Professor Noggin 's card games enough to look at purchasing other subjects as well .
 I wanted a game for our family that elementary kids and adults could play -LRB- ages 6 , 10 and parents -RRB- , yet something without a board or too many pieces that our two toddlers would knock over and mess up while we 're trying to play . -LRB- Monopoly was definitely out ! -RRB- This fit the bill . It 's just trivia cards and a die . You determine if each player needs easy or hard questions -LRB- kids got easy , adults hard -RRB- . It was easy enough that my 6-year-old won a lot of cards and did n't feel like she had no chance to win as is the case with many other games . Hard questions were enough that my husband and I did n't feel like we were bulldozing the kids.This particular Prof. Noggin game was ideal for us because we 've been studying American history in our homeschool . It 's nice to find a fun way to extend the learning ! I now ordered other titles . Once we play this several more times , I 'm sure we will have all had all the questions and will have them memorized as it 's not a large deck , but that 's not so bad to have kids memorizing facts about the presidents . And the price is right.My only complaint is that some of the questions seem wrongly marked as hard or easy . For example who wrote the Declaration of Independence was supposed to be a hard question , but even the kids knew , yet a couple questions were labeled easy , but my husband and I could n't answer them .
 This has been a good toy . My seven year old boy loves dinosaurs and knows so much about them . This game has taught him more and allows him to show-off how much he knows - which is far more than us grown-ups know about dinosaurs . I will buy other versions of this game .
 I bought this for my daughter who is 6 , she loves dinosaurs and science.This game is a hit !!!! and great for car rides too !!!! the game is not too hard for her . She gets a most of the questions right . She can not wait to get more of these games .
 This was a great addition to our homeschool history curriculum . I really liked that it had &#34; easy &#34; and &#34; difficult &#34; questions , so the whole family -LRB- 2 adults , 2 children ages 14 and 9 -RRB- can play together .
 My eight yeard old 3rd grader loves this game . It has easy questions and hard questions and the way the game is designed it 's just plain old fun . I would buy it again .
 Our son is a huge fan of space . He absolutely loves this game . We own several of the `` Professor Noggin '' card games and they are great . Just make sure your kids will enjoy answering trivia questions as there are no game pieces aside from 1 die that you roll in between questions .
 We pop these cards out on road trips , kids parties and in my own classroom . Kids learn and parents too !
 We purchased this set on vacation for our 6 year old son who loves to read and learn about nature . It was a great investment for traveling , waiting in restaurants and whenever he needed some quiet time . The illustrations are beautiful and the two levels of difficulty mean our son and his 4 year old sister can enjoy playing with parents who are frequently stumped ! We are all learning - what 's better than that ? We definitely plan to add some more sets at birthday time .
 My husband and I love these games for the children . My kids love playing them and learn so much - I 'm delighted with how much they remember ! Some games are a little heavy on the enviromental side - not bad but a little pushy for children , but we just skip those cards or have a great discussion ! I play with the kids and really enjoy it .
 My son enjoys geography & loves this game ! My younger ones do n't know as much about geography , but still enjoy it -- and are learning a lot of info from playing .
 Grandchildren , ages 7 & 8 , really enjoyed when we played as a whole family . We all learned a lot . Thanks
 Professor Noggin games are simple and easy to pull out and put away when your done . They can be played with a variety of ages , and as a homeschool mom I find that they are much better , more fun , then handing my kids a list of facts to memorize . Parents may find it repetitive and boring HOWEVER repetition is the point . You can enhance the game by keeping a chart that tracks wins . After 100 wins -LRB- or whatever you decide -RRB- that person gets a pizza party or new Wii game -LRB- or something of the sort -RRB- . Kids of all ages love tracking their success and these simple games make memorizing facts easy . The variety of games in the Professor Noggin set makes it great for working on a game rotation-do a different game every few days and the compact size makes them great for taking along vacation trips . .
 These are awesome cards ! They are well set up . My niece read through the entire deck on a science trip . They are hard enough , but easy enough too . I good review whenever an adult , teen , or young person is gearing up for Space tests . Add it to your unit study on Space .
 My daughters both 7 & 10 Love all the Prof Nog stuff , we really hit it rite when we found these products , educational and all age appropriate , cant go wrong .
 I bought this for my child when he became interested in birds . He loved it.Nice pictures and interesting facts about each bird . The game can be played at two levels -LRB- easy and hard -RRB- so adults and children can play together . He enjoyed reading the facts on his own and finding the cards to match birds we see in our yard .
 My son is 6 years old and loves the Prof. Noggin games . We do n't follow the instructions but basically just ask him the questions and he loves it . It is amazing how much he remember and learns from this product . This is the second Prof. Noggin game he owns and he never gets tired of them . Great product !
 My 7y/o daughter loves Noggin games . This was a great edition to our collection . A fun way to review or to learn new facts -LRB- even for parents ! -RRB-
 This game is great ! I would have never thought I would have liked it very much , but I do . It 's a great family game , as long as everyone knows how to read . It 's small and easy to find room to put it . I learned very quickly on this game . Never thought a game without a board would be so much fun .
 This was a hit with my grandson , so much so that he wanted to stay in it instead of continuing to open his gifts ! The construction is great quality and will last as a family heirloom . I like the fact that it has good quality cushions because so many of the rockers did n't have cushions and lets face it , softer is better . I would recommend this rocker to everyone who wants a good quality rocker with nice detailing in an aviation theme .
 Loved this little boy 's rocking chair . Took a little bit to put it together , but it was worth it . He is 1 year 's old and loves it !
 Well. , First off , This kit is not technically accurate for the Panzer modeling purist . But it is a good kit for young modelers to get a start in the hobby with . I first got this kit in 1976 and it helped me cut my teeth on building and painting armor kits . I bought it again for nostalgic reasons . It brings back some fond and pleasant memories for me of simpler , happier times . I highly recommend this kit for young modelers and those who have nostalgic feelings for the Monogram kits of the 70 's .
 I bought this train for my 3 years old who loves trains . He loves it !! He has played with it for hours . Unfortuately he dropped it and a piece broke off , but it still works .
 I purchased this desk for my daughter 's sixth birthday . It 's the perfect size for her , her desk , and her homework . I got it in a maple color . It was extremely easy to assemble . My only concern is that I feel like I 'm too big to sit on the bench , like I may break or tip over the whole thing . I feel completely confident that my two girls can sit on the bench together , though .
 My sons love this toy ... it gets beaten up pretty quickly , but they do love to play with the mail and the stamps ... they actually make more of their own mail out of paper and envelopes , but it is a nice addition to the toys .
 My kids love , love , love this . We saw it first in a library and they played with it nonstop for about half an hour . But the lock had fallen off and the one we have looks like it may not last long with rough toddler play . Still , the lock is n't really integral to the way they play with it and probably could be glued back on easily .
 Was well made and a hit with my Grandson . I would rate this item as excellent and the Seller also Excellent as he got the MailBox to me prior to Christmas .
 This is a really fun toy for kids ages 3-6 that requires some thinking . While many 1-2 year olds enjoy putting the mail in the box , it can be frustrating for these toddlers . The wooden letters are of different thicknesses , and with the wooden stamps attached -LRB- by velcro -RRB- , the letters must not only be put into the correct slot , but they must also be oriented the correct way to get them into the slot -LRB- see the close-up picture -RRB- . The wooden key that opens the box is big -LRB- so it hopefully wo n't get misplaced -RRB- , but ours is difficult to turn at times . There is another door that opens without a key . The only bad thing I see is that the brightly painted wooden mail , gets knicked up when it bangs together going into the mailbox .
 This Item is great my 3yr old loves to play a mailwomen . It keeps her busy for hours
 My son loves this toy . He 's the type of kid who really does n't play with toys-yet when we got this one he sat for a good 30 min putting the wooden letters in the mailbox and opening it up with the key . He grasped the concept very quickly for only being 21 months
 Kept my friend 's 2 1/2 year old occupied for over a half hour . He loved the key and enjoyed the stamps and dropping the mail through the slots . LOVE this toy -- it is wonderful !
 My students in the classroom just love this mailbox . They have been inspired to write letters within and outside the classroom .
 The children in my preschool class really enjoy playing with this mailbox . We have been talking about community helpers and I set up a post office center . TMelissa & Doug Mailbox and Mail Sethe kids love it ! The product is very durable and easy for the children to use . I look forward to using it from year to year in my classroom !
 Great toy . So cute from the envelops to the removeable velcro stamsp . Plus it 's a shape sorting in that there are two of each size letter and you have to use the right slot .
 I really like this toy and am glad that I bought it for my boys . It is not their first go to toy but they do like it . Placing the mail in the slots is challenging , especially with the stamps in place . We have incorporated the use of junk mail into their play with this . We did have the facing peel off of one of the wooden envelopes and I have yet to try to repair it . This only has happened to one thus far . A friend of mine used this when she taught preschool . The children all had a laminated envelope that contained their name on the outside . She used this to collect attendance and the kids loved it . Very good toy for imaginative play !
 I have an 18 month who 's pretty active and beats on her toys . She really enjoys the mailbox , and I think it 's something she wo n't `` grow out '' of anytime soon . She loves to chew on the velcro `` stamps '' but does get frustrated when she ca n't slide the envelopes in - ahh , toddlers . A nice toy , glad to have purchased it .
 My granddaughter enjoys this toy.Very well built ... however , the slots are a little difficult for small hands to manuver though with the stamps on .
 Great toy ! We bought this gift for our grandson 's second birthday . It was a big hit ! The bright colors , the varying shapes of the letters and slots have kept him busy playing for long periods of time . What he loves the most is the key . . he loves locking and unlocking the mailbox .
 I got this toy at a garage sale for $ 5 It was brand new -LRB- man at sale said a family member owns a toy store and gives him scratch and dent items for his sales -RRB- This item had been dropped and had a small dent in the top of the side . When I got home I colored it in with a marker of the same color . It wasnt a perfect match but my son was 3 at the time . He loved his mailbox . I got it at a time when pretend play was a big part of his life . He would carry the mail in a bag and put them into the mailbox . Then make another trip and use his key to take them out again and and place back in his bag . He would deliver them to different rooms in the house . The mail will only fit into certain slots and only turned a certain way . My son is 5 yrs old now and still plays with it . Not in the same way but he does still use it . I was gon na give it away but he asked that we keep it . We have a real plastic mailbox attached to his wooden swing/playset outside and he uses these letters and stamps in it now . Would have been worth the retail cost too .
 This is a wonderful , educational toy . Once again , Melissa and Doug has produced a well-made toy to last for years to come . The mailbox , letters and stamps are made of wood for durability . The stamps stay attached to the `` mail '' with velcro and are interchangable.There are three different size slots for the mail , so children have to figure out which `` letter '' fits into the right slot . It could be a little tricky for the little ones , but with the two big swing doors on either side , your child will continue to play with it instead of giving up out of frustration.It also comes with a key to lock one of the two doors . My three year-old loves playing `` mailman '' with this toy and I highly recommend it . The bonus is that the toy comes pre-assembled so you can start to play right away !
 My son , aged 2 1/2 , LOVES this mailbox set . It was definitely one of his favourites this Christmas . The letters and stamps are beautifully crafted and very imaginative . Spatial reasoning skills are taught through the necessity of figuring out which letters will fit into which slot and how to position them . The set is simply gorgeous and very creative . I highly recommend this one for preschool aged children .
 My son received this as a gift . Like to other reviews we had issues . The lock fell off and my children ended up using it as a dog house , a $ 40 - dog house ! I e-mailed the company and they were horrified that this happened and within 2 weeks my children had a new mailbox to play with -LRB- and they have been playing non-stop with it -RRB- . The new mailbox is different . The doors are different . The lock is held on with screws instead of glue and the other door has 3 circles of velcro and a small hole to put one finger inside to open the door . There is no more magnet . They have made great changes in this product so I give the old version of the mailbox 2 stars , the company 5 stars and the new mailbox style 5 stars !
 My 3 year old twins like this toy and when they get in to it , it occupies them for a long time . My only complaint is that it can often be difficult for their small hands to get the envelopes out of the mailbox due to the size . They often get stuck or wedged in there and it can be frustrating . Overall though , this is a cute toy - my girls especially love putting the velcro stamps on the envelopes !
 The grandchildren seem to love the game . We purchased the game because we have played other Prof. Noggin games that the kids loved .
 A great educational game that an adult can play with children because of age level questions ; great fun reading practice
 We bought this for our 15 month old son this past Christmas . He has really started to love it . It is very soft and appears to be very durable . I liked that it is a wood frame unlike some of the other rocking animals that are plastic frames . We could have gone with one of the cheaper alternatives but i wanted something that would last through our future children and all the abuse that entails . It is rated for 100 pounds and up to 5 years . It would not be big enough for a 100 pound person -LRB- or a 5 year old for that matter -RRB- to ride usefully but it is nice to know that if a big kid does decide to get on it it wo n't break . My son , who is tall for his age , will likely outgrow it by the time he is 2 1/2 or 3 . The sounds it makes are not very loud or obnoxious and I am glad it does n't play music , I might not be able to handle that . My only complaint is the buttons to make the sound are small and move around in the ears . It is currently very hard for my son to find the tiny button to make the sound go , although he tries . He will soon be older and will not have an issue with it . Overall , we are all very happy with this purchase and I am not regretting spending the extra 30-40 dollars to get the better quality .
 I bought this rocker for my 15-month-old son 's 2nd Christmas , and he likes it a lot . He loves the neighing and galloping sounds that come from the rocker when you press the horse 's ears , and he thinks he ca n't rock on it without the sounds first coming on ! I love that there was NO assembly required . It 's very soft and sturdy . It 's the perfect height for a 1-2 year-old , and I like knowing that if he loses his balance he wo n't fall far . He is still getting the hang of getting on , but can get off easily . The toy says it is geared toward ages 1-3 , but I would say age 3 is too old for this toy -- by then a child will be too tall to really get much out of rocking on it . But for those of you wanting a safe rocker for your toddler , this is the way to go !
 My daughter received Harry the Horse for her first birthday , and right away she enjoyed being placed on him to rock . Within a few weeks , she was already able to climb onto it herself and rock . It is the perfect size for a toddler , and so much fun ! She also loves the sounds it makes , and was able to figure out how to press the buttons herself without difficulty.This toy is soft and well-cushioned to sit on . It also seems very sturdy , with a wooden frame under the plush . I read some reviews of other rockers where people complained that their child was able to tip over while rocking . Not going to happen on this one ! My now 15 month old rocks very wildly at times , and it has remained very stable!After doing my research , this was the rocking horse I liked best , and I am glad we chose it !
 It is a good toy . Looks nice ; it is safe . Our 10mnt-old grandson seems to be enjoying it a lot .
 Have not seen this product , as bought it for a grandson ... however I pass on the feedback I received - Grandson loves the horse , and my daughter thinks it 's great ... also looks pretty robust !
 My son is 9 and this was his first model . He loved putting it together . The instructions were easy for him to follow and the parts all had numbers . He put it together in 2 days . I highly recommend it !
 I got this model for Christmas . I painted it saphire blue with a black chassis -LRB- as all peterbilts have a black chassis . -RRB- . There is 1 thing i notice after i finished it , the right smoke stack was an eighth of an inch lover than the left stack . so i took off the right stack and drilled some holes to make it the right height . there is 1 more thing about it you have to re-chrome parts of the stacks because the way they are molded leaves white marks when you go to smoth the stacks out . Otherwise this kit gets a 9/10 for realistickness .
 its been a couple of years since i put a model together so i started looking for a model to put together on my day off of work and came across the 1/25 peterbilt . the model is fun to put together and looks cool when its all done . i decided to paint the truck differant from what the instructions say and only took me one day to put together .
 I bought this model for my husband . He ca n't read very well , but he put it together all by himself without written directions . That might have to do with his extesive knowledge of 18 wheelers though . :-RRB- He seemed to like it , even though it wasnt quite what we were expecting , It was made out of cheap white plastic , no paint included . He went down to Ace Hardware and bought the cheapest spray paint :-RRB- Other than a few runs it looked pretty good.Overall I 'd say its a good buy if u do n't want to spend to much money but you want a basic model , if painted properly it would look very authintic , so while its not the super best its not a waste of money by any means.I wouldnt buy it again ...
 i like it.ORDER SHIPED ON TIME WOULD BUY THIS MODLE AGINE EASY TO UNDERSTAND HOW TO TO PUT TOGEATHER LOOKS NICE
 my nephew really liked this gift . i was more challanging and it was different than we have seen around here .
 Got this for my man for Christmas and he loved it !!!!! It is together and highly detailed !!!!! I am looking forward to get him another semi .
 First I 'll say that Revell 's Kenworth W900 and Peterbilt 359 kits are not for everyone . They do not include contest-quality scale details , and many advanced modelers will consider them too easy and too simple . If you enjoy truck kits with 6-10 piece rear view mirrors , and 6-12 piece cabs and sleepers , then you 're likely to find these Revel kits too easy . The tires , for example , have no side-wall text whatsoever.With that said , I consider Revell 's two 1:25 scale tractor kits as modeling bargains that ca n't be beat . I 've already completed four of each this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , I have two more of each on hand , and will likely continue buying and building them ! And no two are alike.Most -LRB- but not all -RRB- of the kit 's parts fit so well they snap into place and require little or no glue ! Imagine that , parts that actually fit ! -LRB- Can you hear me AMT ? -RRB- While some kit manufacturers seem to feel that more parts make a better kit , Revell seems to think that simpler and neater is better . The truck 's rear-view mirrors , for example , include CB radio antenna and amber side-lights , yet they 're combined into one single piece per side ! This makes a neat , strong , and easy to install part . The windows snap into place without glue , so there 's no glue-frosted glass ! The one-piece cab & sleeper means a strong and perfectly aligned assembly ! Even the engine 's intake and exhaust system parts all align well -LRB- Can you hear me , Italeri ? -RRB- I 've twice cut the sleepers from the Peterbilt cabs , and completed the models as flatbed trucks , one as a dual axle stakeside , and one as a single axle service truck . I used the removed axle and wheels to build another kit into a stretched chassis tri-axle truck , and used the cut-off sleeper to make a double-sleeper on another stretched-chassis model . The low cost and overall simplicity of these two kits make them very , VERY appealing for kit bashing projects.Yes , I highly recommend both of Revell 's 1:25 scale tractor kits , but with one reservation
 I know it 's not an exact match for Optimus Prime in the Transformers movies , but I was able to create my own version with this model kit .
 i like to bild modle cars and out of all the ones i had this one is the best so that is why i am writing this review
 this is a perfect example of good quality in every detail the color scheme the rotating tires and it 's durability it makes me proud to be a collector
 My husband has a 1968 elcamino and I have looked for over a year to find it in a toy car . I wish there was a car model to put together too . He was really suprised when I gave it to him .
 It is an easy way to review or learn about different animals . The game is a deck of cards and one dice . There is nothing to set up just put take the cards out of the box and your done . If we do n't have alot of time , I pick a small number like 6 and say who ever gets six cards first win . If you are going on a trip , these games are small and easy to play anywhere . The other great thing about this game is if you do lose a card the game is not ruined . You could even play it in a car .
 This is the best beyblade because first , they bild it for you , so you do n't have to spend alot of time building it . And last , it 's electronic . LET IT RIP !
 I purchased this desk for my daughter 's sixth birthday . It 's the perfect size for her , her desk , and her homework . I got it in a maple color . It was extremely easy to assemble . My only concern is that I feel like I 'm too big to sit on the bench , like I may break or tip over the whole thing . I feel completely confident that my two girls can sit on the bench together , though .
 This is a very nice product for Scooby Doo fans . It has characters that you can not find elsewhere . Characters from the show are actually game pieces . The game pieces are well made and very durable . Make sure you get the Collector Tin that comes with the game . Besides being a collector item it makes a great storage device for all the game pieces and board . I would recommend this game highly !
 Impeccably dressed , right down to the ribbons in her hair & the ring on her finger.A most lovely figure in crimson velvet.She fits perfectly in a Victorian setting , or Victorian decor !
 This mold makes a very nice Butterfly shaped stepping stone . The price was fair and these are going to make lovely additions to my flower gardens . I have used it twice and I feel that if I store it correctly , I will be successful at using it multiple times .
 We are making cobblestone walkways around our gardens . With lots of quick drying bags of cement to spare , I ` am making my own stepping stones . The butterfly mold arrived ahead of time ! I got bags of colored glass at the dollar store to decorate and soon my yard will be filled with beautiful personalized stepping stone butterflies . Might even give some to friends and relatives , but then I might keep them all myself . I saw square and round molds but not butterflies in local stores , so I was very happy to find it on amazon.com .
 I love butterflies and this step is perfect for the beautiful rocks I polish . The price and service were excellent .
 I got this walrus at K.B. Toys -LRB- sp ? -RRB- He is the most amazingest walrus ever . If you are a walrus fan , like me , you should buy it . It will greatly improve your life quality.The seller forgot to add that among the phrases this adorable walrus -LRB- which I named `` Bismuth '' -RRB- makes is a recording of a walrus , or perhaps a man making a walrus noise , and it sounds like this
 Easy model , not hard too do at all . It gives you too different fuel injections , so either put on a air-cleaner or put on a modern looking air-cleaner .
 The model arrived quickly and was in brand-new condition . Fairly easy to put together for a first-timer .
 The toy is loved by the child . It seems durable ; only time will tell .
 Once school lets out , we -LRB- 4 Moms and their kids -RRB- spend a week on Cape Cod -LRB- in cabins in a campground -RRB- . We always look for games we can all play - Catch Phrase has been a big hit for the last 2 years -LRB- this year the age range is from 8 - 16 for the kids and considerably more for the Moms -RRB- . My 16 year old son bought this game on our last night there -LRB- the toy store lady saw him looking at it and said YOU WILL LOVE IT ! -RRB- We had a blast playing it . We worked hard to keep it wholesome , and still had so much fun . Ca n't wait to play again . This was definitely a hit . Highly recommend . Buy this for yourself and as a gift for friends . You wo n't be sorry !
 This game is soooooo much fun !!! Really makes you think about the people that you are playing with , you learn a lot !!!
 My 5 year old loves this cat . And he also enjoys going on the webkinz website to play the games and take care of his pet . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon for a great price , especialy since I have not seen this particular webkinz in stores .
 My daughter got this for Christmas and loves it ! It is teaching her responsibilty ... we will probably start collecting !
 my daughter loves it ! oh , by the way A.R VOGT the w shoud not come off . it 's the way to tell it 's a webkinz . but some of them do n't have them .
 with beautiful silky fur and sturdy whiskers . However , there is a label -LRB- W for Webkinz -RRB- on a front paw that is not easily removed without risk of damage .
 The Webkins products I ordered came quickly , the product it 's self can be a good learning tool for youngsters and quite entertaining for an adult/grandparent/parent .
 The kids have been playing nonstop since Christmas . Definitely the most use for the money of all the holiday gifts .
 My 4 year old grandson is totally into monsters , and the mummy is his favorite ! So for Christmas , I hunted up a variety of monster toys and he LOVES them ! I 'm so glad some sellers had them available .
 First the packaging was terrible , the box was not big enough for the product so it was not closed up all the way and it had other customers info on the outside of the box.Second , the dart gun had to be worked on to get it to work.I got this for my 7 1/2 year old grandson , this product is more for a 5-6 year old , but he was happy with it.Third I thought the shipping cost was to high .
 So far this set has been pretty durable . The only thing that is n't is the dress-up vest . It is thin plastic and held together in the front with tape . We 've had to be very careful with that for fear that it will tear . My son has enjoyed dressing up and so has my niece . I have to be careful because every once in a while I get a short warning `` Grenade !! '' and I have to duck and cover before getting the toy grenade thrown near me . : - -RRB-
 great toy ! we found a larger one for my daughter when she was 3 months old and she fell in love with it so we thought we would try another in the collection : -RRB-
 We ordered this track so the whole family can race together . It 's alot of fun . The parts are easy to put together and a diagram provided for the four lane set up is well illustrated . The cars have proven to be pretty durable , even in the hands of our 5yr old . One thing to keep in mind is that the track should n't be set up on carpet , as carpet lint gets caught on the car wheels and slows them down . It is much too large for the dining table . We solved this problem by using the back of large area rug , which has a rubber like backing . We have honestly spent hours in the evenings since Christmas racing . The great thing about this track is it can also be turned into just a two lane and has a diagram for this lay out as well .
 We bought this track for our five year old son . This track is the greatest . It is well made and the cars stay on the track.It has a diagram to be able to set it up , so it is easy to put together . My husband and I play this with our son , and we all have a great time . I would recommend this race track .
 My 7 year old son and I love this race set . We put it together with the NASCAR set and really have a blast ... the cars are very durable and take lot 's of abuse when we crash them . We are going to buy more LL race sets ... enjoy !!!
 Bought this product several years ago and we still enjoy playing with it even though my kids are now in their teens . It reminded me of a track I had growing up and wanted to share that fun with my children . It is well made and holds up to normal play -LRB- my kids are not rough on toys -RRB- . It was enjoyable for both my son and daughter , and their dad even got into the action . Easy to assemble - does take up quite a bit of space but worth it for the driving experience .
 My 5 year old son received this from Santa , and he loves it . All of my children -LRB- ages 5 , 10 , and 35 -RRB- have a blast . What is especially nice is there are 4 cars and controllers , so no fighting about who goes next .
 We purchased this set for our twin sons ' 6th birthday and it was a huge hit , with kids and parents alike . First , the track was very easy to assemble . Pieces fit together fairly easily and easy-to-follow sample layouts are provided . We were up and running in less than 20 minutes . After you warm up the cars , as specified in the instructions , they really hug the track well . At first our sons immediately squeezed the triggers to full power and the cars came off , but after about 3 or 4 tries , they got the hang of easing on the `` gas '' and then accelerating once the cars are warmed up . We 're having loads of fun with this set and would definitely recommend for 5 + kids , and grown-ups too !
 This came in a relatively small box so I figured it 'd take forever to put together . Wrong . It took about half an hour and we 've been using it for almost 6 months . The motion is smooth and the material is easily wiped clean with a wet wipe -LRB- ours is in the nursery -RRB- . Best of all it was cheaper with Amazon -LRB- via Target -RRB- than it was locally .
 This new line of matoran are by far the best lego can offer !!! Kudos Lego !!!
 I am eleven years old useing my mom 's acount . I got kazi in the mail . He was cool . I 'm thnking of makeing a bionicle movie and putting kazi in it . I even thought of two funny parts with him . He is cool . I love him . All the pecies wre there . It was worth the money . I will contue to use amazon . I orderd it on the 13th and it came four days later . WOW .
 I started collecting Matoran . My six year old son has now taken over and has started adding to it . He loves them all .
 I bought this Italian Barbie Special Edition for my mom and she loves it . Its a really nice doll and you can get one from your nationality or you can get them all . The Italian Barbie has Black Hair and is clothed in Italian style . A Great gift for any child or child at heart or any collector .
 this toy is cool i think they did a good job on her she looks like the actress
 I love the wooden train tracks for the Thomas trains , and the road pieces for his cars and Bertie the Bus are just as great ! I wish they would make more pieces with road on one side and track on the other instead of just being road or just being for trains . But since I could find any in my search for curved pieces , these are the next best thing !
 Ca n't keep our hands off this series of magnet/engineering/architectural thingees . Our kids are constantly constructing geodesic design-type things and tops that spin while I fiddle with them even as I 'm on the phone . They are just great items . One note , not advisable for very young children -- my son was a bit too fond of putting them in his mouth so they had to go in a cupboard until they were a bit older , but the fascination with these small construction bits continue ! Love it that by osmosis they learn principles of engineering & architecture -LRB- even mathematics -RRB- just by building things !
 This is an awesome toy . My daughter -LRB- age 6 -RRB- received it for Christmas and absolutely loves it - she learns how to construct things and has also learned a lot about how magnets work with this . It is also a blast for adults too .
 I have 2 boys , ages 5 and 9 , and they both love them . They are much better than cheaper magnets . They can be used for building and math practice . You have to try them !
 My daughter Natalie thinks it is a cool toy because it has magnets and you can make all sorts of neat things ; such as pretend mechanical devices !
 This was a great line that was unfortunately canceled . My son loves all the models.With that said , this sectoid dune stinger was poorly implemented . We 've gone through three as the leg connectors on the body are easily broken off during normal play.He did not have this problem with other models in the series .
 The St. Andrew Anglican Church Youth Group use these puppets to enhance the delivery of our churhc readings . The product is great and we are eager to improve on using them . Here is a video of one of our early attempts
 How adorable is that horse , huh ???!!! I ADORE horses , and this one is so cute , although if he were a regular-sized horse , he 's be bigger than the bird . I 'll pretend he 's a miniature horse.Amazon , that price is WAY over the top , though . You can get it at other stores for a lot less.Anyway , I love this and I really want it ! - Horse Crazy
 $ 22.99 !!! I just bought this at Toys R Us for $ 4.44 , Target also has it , Walmart too . What a rip off.Now an actual review , I bought this for my 10 year old for Christmas , she loves horses and the Lil ' pet shops . I am sure it is going to be a huge hit .5 stars because my daughters love these , but for price 0 stars . ACK !
 Super cute ! An animal lover will adore this set ! The only con is that the price is outrageous . Lower it down to about $ 5 , okay ? I got this set as a bonus with a jungle -LRB- the one with the push 'n play monkey -RRB- . I can understand not liking the price , but if you do n't like this toy , you are sick ! Everybody is buying this toy . It got sold out at Walmart -LRB- That 's where I got mine ! -RRB- because I bought the last one there . The next time I came back , they ordered more ! Happy New Year everyone !
 I 'll give you ten stars for the price ! Now that it 's Thanksgiving I should say thank you for the price ! It 's very rare . I got this set as a bonus . The other set I got with it is a monkey with a jungle and banna in his hand . This is cool how the bluebird can sit on the hay or perch on top of the horse 's tail . I like the saddle she is wearing . Buy it here ! -LRB- It 's okay guys . No outburst this time . -RRB-
 My daughter has a growing collection of pets . She was very happy to see a horse finally available . The birds are adorable and this horse is too cute for words . Any kid who loves animals will love these playsets and the game too .
 I love this LPS set -- it 's darling ! I got quite a few to give as Christmas presents this year -LRB- and 2 for myself :P -RRB- . The pony is every little girl 's dream , complete with a shiimery white mane & tail . The bird is sweet little guy too , with his little body and oversized head -- very cute . This is a HTF set , so grab it if you can find , but I 'd say do n't get too crazy and overpay for it . But it 's definitely worth $ 4 - $ 7 .
 I ca n't beleive Toy-Wiz is charging so much.This product should be five dollars.They have other `` Littlest Pet Shops `` on Amazon for $ 2.99 . I love the horse and bird , but , your better of buying it from ebay , walmart , target , ect .
 This is a really interesting game that teaches you about farm life . I live on one and I didd n't know half the problems that can occur . Cow shot by hunter , fence cut by hunter , wild dogs lose 2 cows , purcase furtilizer and chemicals pay $ 2000 , electric bill , purcase parts for corn planter , pasture rent . But you also get income , sell old machnery , sell new fence posts , sell fresh eggs , insurence pays for damage to crops , pultry sold . You get the idea . The board is a llarge size with a wide variety of spaces . It has a small Monopoly felling since it has taxes and milk check . My sister didd n't like it but I do n't think she has ever sat playing a game for over half a hour . The board bent but I don 'd remember if that was are fault or not I think it was . The game takes about a hour .
 I first heard about this game visiting a relative . After playing it with adults , I realized that it would be a good family game . When I returned , I went to Amazon and purchased it . It is not only a game enjoyed by adults , we found that the kids enjoyed playing it also . It is similar to Monopoly , but not as long and drawn out . I would recommend this to any family that enjoys board games .
 Thank you , We R FUN , for creating such a fun and innovating game . 2 years ago `` Santa '' brought `` Life on the Farm '' to our family . It has turned out to be the favorite of ours . The kids have taken it to school for game day and we get lots of questions where I found it , and the nieces and nephews request us to bring it each holiday . As a mom of 4 boys , ages 16 - 5 yrs old its hard to find games that everyone likes and this is it !! Keep up the great work - I look forward to more new games from this company .
 Life on the Farm is suggested for children up to 12 years old , we old enough to be adults in our family and we love it . We are a family of people with special interests and backgrounds in farming -LRB- some of us in Dairy Farming -RRB- . We had fun playing it during the Christmas holidays . We laughed so hard that we had trouble keeping going.The manufacturer recommended the game for people up through 92 years of age . Why discriminate?It is a fast-moving game , and the situations are realistic . There is a certain amount of skill required along with luck . This game is is nothing but wholesome fun , like fresh milk.It would make an ideal gift for farm families and for any little group wanting to relax over a clever board game .
 My nine year old son LOVES this game ! And my teenage sons like it too . It 's easy enough to follow to keep the youngest interested but challenging enough for the adults to enjoy . It 's like Monopoly with cows ! It 's our favorite board game hands down !
 Our family loves this game . Even my younger children like to buy cows and laugh at their Daddy 's bad luck . I would recommend this game for any one that likes to play board games . It is an intersting spin on the traditional game . Setup is alot like Monopoly but the board is totally different and the objective -LRB- to retire -RRB- is different too . It is very straight forward and easy to play . Our family plays once a week .
 Fun , fun game ! Buys lots of cows and win ! Our family has a blast playing this farm game . I highly suggest it !
 I bought this for my grandchildren -LRB- 7 and 11 -RRB- and myself when we had some down time . Two to six people , or odd numbers can play , and players roll dice . To all of our delight , we found it unpredictable , intense and keeping us on our toes . Each player stays focused and sharp with unpredictable occurances and math skills . For example , after rolling dice , one picks a farm income or farm expense card . Payments may be paid out , or paid to the `` farmer '' for milk , cattle , damages , maintenance , vet bills , taxes , etc. . A player has the option of `` retiring '' from farming when he/she has at least the same amount of money from the beginning and owns at least 60 cattle.Players can also decide , apart from the rolling the dice , whether to be reckless or ultra careful . However , either way , each learns of the hardships of farm life that come from nature , animals or careless people . Some of which are humorous . However , players also learn flexiblilty and many wonderful aspects that come from life on the farm at its best . The game lasts a little over an hour , when three to four play , yet it also depends on a farmer choosing to retire.We even got reluctant Grandpa into the game and he fired up fast joining in the fun.Even if you 're a `` City Slicker , '' you 'll like this game very much .
 Excellent game for teaching children about farming and managing money/assets . Never played it until I met my girlfriend from Minnesota who played this with her family quite often and now we play it to kill time and spend time with each other .
 Bought this game for my two grandsons ages 9 and 7 . They sat down with their Dad and Mom and had a great time playing . I heard a lot of laughing going on , they had a great time buying and selling cows . I bought this game for my granddaughters 2 years ago , as they are a little older and they had the same fun playing as a family . I would recommend this game . It is something different than the usual games found in the stores and it is great fun for all ages .
 My wife bought this at a consignment shop . My two-year old and I have n't stopped playing with it since . Initially , he could n't figure out how to put pieces together , so he asked me to build him towers ... which I did , happily and repeatedly . Now he 's started to assemble structures on his own , although he ca n't by any stretch create something functional for marble-rolling . But he enjoys the building , and the pieces mate easily enough for his little hands , and they 're just the right size . I doubt he 'll outgrow this toy anytime soon - in fact , I expect him to enjoy it more as he grows older and becomes better able to assemble his own ramp paths and the like.I 'm frankly mystified by the reviewer who did n't believe a five-year old would enjoy this . As for instructions , well , that 's what parents are for , sometimes . This is a good toy for developing imagination and problem-solving skills , in my opinion.My only negative comments would relate to durability - but those are true of most plastic construction toys . The primary pieces are relatively sturdy , but one or two of the ramps are somewhat flimsier than the rest . Also , the marbles are , well , marble-sized - use with caution around toddlers .
 We purchased the 120 piece Light and Sound Marble Express for our five year old grandson . He loves it because it allows him to design anything he wants . His designs seem to be low and wide instead of the taller model shown . I think this may be because when you stack the pieces tall they sometimes fall apart.The manufacturer should redesign the pieces so that they fit tighter into one another or click into place . However , this does n't seem to deter the little ones from having fun with the toy .
 I have 8 & 2 year old girls . They both love this toy , they can play together . I even have fun playing it with them ! They do n't get board because you can tear it apart & set it up different ways . The 2 year old loves to do her own little tunnels & watch the marbels go through . They actually got up & shut off the tv while they were playing !
 We purchased this for my son when he turned 3 . At first we set it up exactly like the picture on the box -LRB- just looked at the pic and figured it out -RRB- . Its pretty steady in this position . He spent lots of time watching us wind the gear and sending the marbles through the circuit . It includes one piece which I love , it sends the marble down one path first then switches and sends the next marble down a different path and so on . After a few weeks of that , we started trying to set up different runs using our own imagination . At first it was frustrating for him as he did n't understand that you have to make sure you build from the bottom up -LRB- build a base to support the run -RRB- . This had a huge educational value for my son . He learned how to calm down and patiently build . I love that two kids and each build a path on their own , making them join or not . He is now 8 and still loves it . I love to play with it to . It is for people who do not need/want to follow exact directions and figure out things on their own -LRB- it is VERY easy to figure out -RRB- .
 I do n't have the new light & sound marble express . I have what I beleive is the original marble madness . I bought it at a garage sale this summer . I have two 5 year old grandsons and a 5 year old nephew who just love this toy . When they come to visit that 's all they want to play with . I highly recommend it for entertainment for children this age . I could even recommend it for kids of say 40 ish ! My husband enjoys helping them put it together in different ways and racing the marbles down the slope . Great toy ! I 'm buying this one for the kids for christmas .
 We bought this for our kids for Christmas of 2007 . Our daughters were 5 1/2 and 3 at the time . Although they did n't always have the dexterity to connect the pieces or build very high , they were very enthusiastic to play with the marble set . Now , 2 years later , they continue to enjoy playing with it , but often still ask for help in snugging the pieces together.The marble elevator with its three exit points is a big plus . The gears and elevator do run a little rough at times but nothing has broken/stuck for us so far . A big plus is the number of pieces you get for the price you pay . Many of the competitor 's sets have one fourth the number of pieces for the same or higher price . There is an instruction book that has a photo of the complete set , but there are n't any step-by-step plans for building a specificy configuration.We 've noticed that some of the connection points seem a little loose and slip easily . If those connection points get bumped , it 's easy to topple a tower . Also , there is a piece with a `` gate '' that directs every other marble down a ramp or straight down the pipe , and the `` gate '' does n't really work . It gets stuck halfway sometimes and the marbles bounce on the gate and off the ramp . The marbles are plastic coated in chrome paint which means small children love to put them in their mouth.Overall , wish the pieces fit together a little better , but I do n't mind for the price I paid . Also , that means they need me to `` help '' them when they play with the marble track . : -RRB-
 My husband and I , our children and our 6 grandchildren all love to build the runs with this toy . We have 3 complete sets now and we can set the runs up across the whole room . It 's easy for the little ones -LRB- 18 months -RRB- to make simple towers and the 3 - 6 year olds love the challenge of making more intricate designs . My daughter -LRB- 32 -RRB- and I -LRB- 61 -RRB- also really enjoy building intricate runs . I recommend this toy to everyone .
 My son just loves this helicopter , the doors or rotors come off sometimes -LRB- they go back on -RRB- but it is pretty durable overall . GI Joe or Star Wars figures will fit in .
 I got this for my 3 yr old boy who loves helicopters like his daddy . It comes with 4 action figures and other props that I do n't really care about . In terms of accuracy of the model , it 's pretty good except for the tail rotor which I understand should be mounted at an angle -LRB- instead of vertical -RRB- . In terms of details , it 's fair with rivets on the tail boom but not on the main body . In terms of durability , it 's constructed fairly well with break-away main rotor for rough play . The movable doors will probably be the first to go . All and all , if you love helicopters , you will look right pass all the minor things and have a blast with this toy as I did -- I mean , as my son did . = -RRB-
 It 's essentially a GI Joe `` knock-off , '' but stop , wait ... that just means that the figures are interchangable with this awesome product . It 's big , fun , and soft plastic which means that your kids inevitably break pieces off , they pop right back on . My kid breaks everything he getts his lil hands on and this one lasted and he loves it .
 i saw this toy in a kb toys and new i had to get it ! at that time it was 30after 3 month i saved enough to buy it but then the kb toys closed for ever and i did not no wat to do ! then my mom told me about amoson . com where it was alot less money of corse siping and handing made it more money but dat was okay because it still was less tan 30 a wek later i got my helocoper in a box this made it evan more fun my mom tod me that was becas of siping and handing ilike siping and handing now dank you amoson . com from josh i am five
 I would recommend this clock puzzle to any parent . It 's well-made , teaches numbers and time .
 Tabs is a very nice looking Beanie baby cat . The only thing I dislike is the color is a bit loud , but my son has an orange tabby cat in real life , so he loves it anyway . It 's very soft and a bit smushy , but that 's a good thing .
 it 's a beanie baby , cute and cuddley . my daughter has looked for this one for years . so glad we found it .
 Great model of a truly classic car . Good detail of iconic Detroit muscle and iron . My brother owned one of theses goat before he went to ` Nam and I have great memories of riding around in it , and I later owned a '68 GTO drop top . Great cars . It is a shame that Revell has discontinued this model . Get one now if you can .
 I purchased this and have it on my desk to play with when my computer is super slow . This is very , very addicting . People often stop by to play with the supermags.I wanted to play with this instead of working . The pieces are super tough , the log pieces can be stepped on , dropped , put under heavy books and they do n't crack.Be careful using this around computers and other objects . They are strong and will literally fly out of your hand if there is something metal nearby . I recommend keeping the pieces in the Styrofoam container in which they came - the top can be turned over and used as a play table so not to lose the pieces.I plan on getting several more sets for home as well as an additional set for my desk .
 Once Kenner changed their ` 90s 12 '' Star Wars figure line over from the Collector Series to the Action Collection -LRB- different packaging , same style figures -RRB- , they introduced several smaller figures that were to scale with the larger figures . These figures are some of the best additions to the 12 '' Star Wars line.R2-D2 is probably the best of the smaller Action Collection figures . He 's such an integral character that his absence from the line was glaring.Pros - The size and articulation of the figure is very impressive . The head rotates 360 degrees , and the legs -LRB- including a retractable third leg , and let 's keep our minds out of the gutter , thank you very much -RRB- are very poseable . It 's also a neat-looking figure.Cons - No accessories . No pop-up lightsaber hilt -LRB- and I so wanted to recreate that scene in Return of the Jedi -RRB- , no pincers , no whatever that thing is he uses to zap that Ewok . I guess later R2-D2 models had this stuff -LRB- not the lightsaber though -RRB- . Accessories or no , this R2-D2 figure is still a great addition to the 12 '' Star Wars figure line . No collection is complete without it .
 I bought this for my grandson and he is really enjoying it . My grandson was very pleased . We played some then back in the Bo 's for later .
 My son -LRB- 2-years-old -RRB- enjoys this ball . I was surprised , however , when I got it because I had hoped to replace a playground ball that he 'd attached himself to when we went to the school park . So , when I got this delivered the next day and opened to find a small ball I was thrown off . He still loves it and the perk is it is small enough to play indoors . Wish I 'd read the dimensions first ! But overall I have no regrets he has since moved on from the playground ball he wanted and plays with this one just fine .
 This ball is the highest quality I have found ; textured rubber , extremely durable and beautiful ! The 5 inch diameter ball is especially nice because it is a very good size for younger children and older kids love it as well because they can palm it easily for throwing . My son has a `` bouncy ball '' collection and the Crocodile Creek balls are the ones he seems to use most often - and we have several brands ; including Togu and offical `` commercial quality '' balls used in schools and child care centers.You will not be disappointed with this ball !
 The Zombies !!! board game has seven expansions , which add more rules , areas and cards.A few of them have special pieces , like these dogs.But theres never enough.Grab a bag of zombies and you will have the same experience with less recycling , but by buying a bag of dogs -LRB- or babes -RRB- you can add rules without an entire expansion.The rules to how the dogs are officially used in the game are on the official website , but you can easily expand and create your own rules as well.Or you could just use the same rules as normal zombies and have a better variety to the games appearance , its all up to you.Bottom Line = you will have to buy a bag o something if you play zombies !!! and that goes double for when you buy expansions.Might as well spice it up a bit while your doing it .
 These zombie dogs are great additions for theZombies !!! 2nd Editiongame . We have found that we needed at least one expansion set of zombies to have enough to play the game , and wanted additional zombies to augment those that came with the game . Zombie dogs can be used like regular zombies or given special abilities , like double the movement and half damage.We also haveBag O Zombies -LRB- Glow-in-The-Dark -RRB- , which makes a fun addition.Highly Recommended!CFH
 We used the dogs to create a project for our family reunion this year and it was a hit of the party . Good for the role playing games , I am sure , but suited our needs as well .
 This house is great value as long as you know haw to use a screw driver maybe add some wood glue and a few extra screws and it is solid and my stair case is still in place , those who gave this house a bad review cant have put it together properly , my 5 year old daughter and 3 year old son love it and he can break anythingCheers
 This is a great doll house if you have the room . Easy to assemble -LRB- at least that 's what hubby said -RRB- . Shippping is cheaper from amazon than if you order it directly from etoys . Definitely purchase the 100 pc furniture set that goes along with it ! My 4.5 yo daughter loves this and even her brother likes to `` invade '' Barbie 's house with his action figures .
 This item was one of the best choices we made at this holiday season , my 6-yr-old granddaughter loves it . With the reviews that I 'd read , we took the pieces out of box immediately to set about getting it together . The pieces went together with no problems , and using wood glue along with the screws sent made the house even more secure . It is permanently put together , but we hope she 'll have years of enjoyment out of it . The only issue is that the pieces sent to be used as flooring were warped , so do not stay flat in the house . And we all wonder why there is only one staircase section , -LRB- on the outside of the middle floor -RRB- , but her imagination got her over that quickly enough . Though the piece is most definitely worth the price , finding furniture for the scale was difficult and the pieces we did find were expensive .
 This dollhouse is great ! It 's bigger/taller than a lot of the others on the market , and it costs less than a lot of the cheap plastic ones . It 's not all pink or all blue , so even girls who are past the `` everything has to be pink '' stage can find a room/level they like ! It took my husband about 15-20 min . to assemble . I do n't know why some people say it takes 2 hours . -LRB- ? -RRB- It makes a great impression on a kid who just likes to get something BIG beside the Christmas tree or birthday cake . There is a lot of room on each level for Barbie furniture/dolls . -LRB- Some houses are so small the dolls ca n't possibly turn around in the rooms ! -RRB- Regarding durability -- you would n't want your kid to try to climb it -- I 'm sure it would crumble . But it is durable enough for Barbie dolls to use with no problem . -LRB- Ha ! -RRB- And it sure beats the durability of the cardboard boxes our daughter had stacked up for a `` dollhouse '' prior to receiving this gift . The floors of the 3 levels appear to be the same material of dry-erase-marker boards -- so even after our daughter grows out of using this for dolls , I bet she could use the 3 levels/floors/boards to draw/write on . Just guessing about that . Also , the 3 floors/levels have interchangeable drawings of `` tile/carpet '' pieces -LRB- that lay over the top of the dry-erase-marker-board-looking-stuff -RRB- -- which is good for when Barbie is ready for a change and wants the cool-looking black/white tile in her bedroom for a while instead of in the kitchen . :--RRB- We recommend this ! Hours of imagination for your girl ! My daughter 's friend has had hers for over a year and it 's still in great shape -- did not fall apart as some folks have reported having problems with .
 My step-son ordered this doll house for my daughter who is 6 and I was really scared by the reviews that the other people had given it , but this doll house is GREAT . It did take two people to put together , mainly to steady the floors until the screws were in , but it is very sturdy and my daughter loves it .
 The doll house was just as expected . Easy to asemble . I would think that any one thinking of purchasing one should not hesitate . The delivery time was excelent and would recomend it to any interested party !!
 I easily put this house together . It looks good and the kids love it . The staircase is not used becasue it keept falling off . Very worth the price .
 Purchase this item well in advance of your needs , it is constructed adequately and with sturdy materials , but not so as to readily survive the export shipping from China to the US and then to your home , the particular product I purchased had a great deal of collateral damage , nothing serious , but were I purchasing this as a gift , I would be forced to have it replaced upon receiving it initially , since the damage would prevent it from being fully assembled . It is , however a great value considering the type of large scale dollhouse that it is and is of high enough quality to be a very worthwhile purchase or gift item . A handy dad with tools would be a benefit for the child that receives it .
 Price is not bad . However , house does not attached perfectly . You can not move it after you put it together . My husband picked it up trying to move it to another side of the room , and the bottom story fall out . After all , my 4 yr old daughter enjoys it . And have no problem with it so far .
 We have had this doll house for I think 4 years . It is great ! We got it when our daughter was 4 years old and she will soon be 8 . Now when putting it together we used our own wood glue , our own screws and put little wooden slat supports under the floors because we knew at 4 years old it was likely she would crawl into it . It still looks almost brand new even though it 's been used weekly for years . Now we created an attic with ours we flipped the top eve around so we actually have a 4th floor , saw that on a review years ago before we bought it . It took us one evening to get it put together the way we wanted it with our glue , screws , supports , and creating the attic . Actually she loves the 4th floor attic the most , it 's a little club hang out for her dolls . This is great product but if buying for a child who is rough playing or very young you will need to be handy enough to sure it up .
 I got this Darth Vader Cutout for my husbands 40th birthday party . All of our guests got to take pictures with him , and I had them printed at the party . They were very fun to look at for everyone . He comes bent in half , so there will always be a crease across his mid section . He is made of thick cardboard which holds up well if kids arent hitting him with lightsabers ! Lightsabers will cause holes in him !
 Ca n't really say anything bad about this unless you are not a fan of the dark side . It 's a huge Darth Vader that we bought and put in my boss 's office to kiss his Star Wars butt on boss 's day . Guess what ! A Star Wars fan was very very happy with it!A + , 9.78415 / 10 , would go to the dark side again
 It was easy to put put up . It looks better than expected . I was worried about the seams other reported , but I found this to be very minor on mine.It is cardboard box stock with the picture printed on it . I carefully unfolded it on the floor and was very careful not to wrack the cardboard parts when unfolding the cutout and stand glued to it . It all folded together perfectly and stands rigidly.There are two seams where the 3 panels come together . They do n't jump out at me . Unless you look for them , you are not likely to notice them . If you refold it to store and put it back up a few times , I 'm sure how well it will hold up . Being all cardboard , it 's not really designed to hold up to that.Short of sending it as one non-folding piece , it 's as good as it can be and it 's pretty good . As it is , the box it came in measured 45 `` x32 `` x3 '' . The folded cutout is 48 `` x 22 '' . To ship it as one 7 ' long piece would incur a large shipping charge for such an oversize item . I think it was a fair price for around $ 40 delivered .
 took a long time to get and no tracking / updates . I 'd do it again , but be careful of deadlines like bdays or Christmas .
 My grandson loved it . He said at first it startled him when he entered his room , and was a good way to cure hickups
 My son loved that Darth Vader showed up to his birthday party ! It definately looked `` real '' in photos . It came in a large box folded up in thirds which made for two large creases in Darth when he was standing up . Obviously no way to get around that but he is n't `` flat '' standing up . It was easy to take off the excess cardboard & put up .
 Small , well designed , with plenty of character . Sure to please ! Recommended for 5-6 year olds -LRB- some parental assistance may be required for assembly -LRB- 5 min . -RRB-
 Piruk here , and all of the Voya Nui Matoran sets - are the best matoran sets so far ! They have cool weapons , and are built differently than the Matoran we 've been used to . They really are the coolest so far . I like Piruk best , because I 'm partial to Le-Matoran . But any of these guys are great . I have 'em all - disappointed by none !
 This new line of matoran are by far the best Lego can offer !!! I definitely recommend this awesome product !!!
 I love the looks , size and quality of this bank ... . it is exactly what I have been looking for as a gift for my granddaughter who has been performing ballet for 7 years now . Thanks for a great product .
 The shuttle is great ! It came with stickers for the outside . The blue lights in the nacel ? are neat , they light up . The front opens and inside there is a seat with a seatbelt to put your pilot in . The back opens and there is a cargo piece included to slide inside , but my son lost it after awhile . He puts all kinds of little bits of this and that for toys for the shuttle to haul . It makes noises to . We will be getting another one as he plays with this all the time .
 The perfect toy for any away mission ! The shuttlecraft comes with flashing nacelles , plus phaser & warp drive sounds!Room for one pilot & 2-3 figures in the rear compartment . Lots of fun & looks cool .
 The Shuttlecrfat is an excellent little ship to help the crew of the Enterprise-D for very of missions and now you can own it . It can hold three ST : TNG -LRB- or any other figures as long as they fit -RRB- figures and has only two sounds , Impulse and Phasers . The ship looks great and the Warp Engines light up ! The only thing I did n't like was having to put the decals on the inside of the ship ... that was the tough part and having big hands did n't make it any easier -_- ... Other then that I really enjoy this little addtion to my collection !!!
 My son has recently become interested in the South Park show , and so I have been picking up items here and there for him on Amazon . This plush is actually well-made , cute and a good size for the price ; it 's hard to judge how ` fun ' a plush is , since it really is just to collect and/or display , but my son really seems to like it , and keeps it on the same shelf as his South Park bobbleheads , etc. . That right there is proof of a satisfied kid customer - the item is n't in the closet or under the bed !!! I 'd give it a B plus !
 Looks good , I bought it as a gift for a friend who just had a baby . Seems to be durable , though I did not personally try it out . Recommended .
 This was a gift for a friend and she really loved it . So did everyone else who saw it .
 This new line of matoran are by far the best lego can offer !!! Kudos Lego !!!!!!!!
 I now have pictures of my friend 's kid on this . They are priceless . Great gift for young new parents who are South park fans .
 This toy is a cute decoration , the only downside is that it is rather stiff -LRB- not a good bed decoration -RRB- .
 huge fans of the show and we also like cute cows and this one exceeded my expectations . The plush came very clean and in good contition . It has the cutest little utters mad out of a leathery pink material . He is stuffed pretty firm which I like so that way he doesnt flatten out after time . If you like the &#34; moo &#34; in South Park you will really love this .
 Yeah , got this on time and everything , it 's the wonderful world of synchronicity when it comes to the beloved South Park cow.It 's by far one of the better plush creatures created for the series . It does n't talk , it does n't walk , it just kind of sits there looking at you . In fact it 's looking at me right now , I wonder what it 's thinking ?
 It is stuffed well enough and firm . And it stands steadily . It looks cool to have `` 9 '' South Park Sparky the Dog Plush Doll '' on its back .
 Love the product south park is freaking awsome i would love to work and animate for them !!
 when this car arrived in the mail i was surprized , but not unpleasently , by the variation of it compared to the picture . the car includes much more detail then that of the picture such as a textured side , the purple , and a more outstanding coin that that is have textured as well on the front . i would definitly recomend this for any collector .
 This is a unique , really good quality die-cast . The dual features are as unique and quirky as the character it 's based on . The packaging is also nice .
 Super cute and fun for my 4 yr old to play with . Pictures in the camera are vibrant and fun to click through .
 OMG my lil boy is going to have a fit when he gets this for his birthday ! Soooo glad to have purchased !
 This toy arrived in perfect condition , with functional batteries . When I heard Diego speak I knew that my son was going to love this toy . I ca n't wait till he opens it up on Christmas . I wish toy companies made more characters like Diego and Super Y !! Boys need better role models and more options than those provided by Marvel comics . So thankful for AMAZON and its vendors for providing my family this toy .
 Purchased for my 5 year old grandson for Easter . Told me that is what he wanted . Was happy with it and I guess it was worth the money ? Made him happy
 I bought the Diego doll for my 3 yr . old granddaughter . The stores do not carry a lot of Diego items , more Dora the Explorer , so it was a great find to see it offered on Amazon.com . My granddaughter loved the doll . It was the perfect birthday gift for her as she loves Diego .
 My 2-year old son loves this . He takes his Diego everywhere , and there is nary a mark on Diego even though he 's been through some hard use . He wanted a doll for a long time , but it 's hard to find one without creepy moving eyes . This doll is great for preschoolers , boys or girls.Click the camera is also a favourite in our household . It 's good for preschoolers who are learning how to wink - it took my son a while but now he can look into the viewfinder with just one eye!The video watch is just a plastic watch with a picture . It never stays on my son 's arm for more than a couple minutes . Instead of a picture of Diego , my son would prefer a picture of Alicia , since that 's who Diego uses the video watch to contact.Even though the watch is n't good value , the doll and camera make up for it .
 My son loves Go Diego Go . The sound is pretty clear and this is actually the best price you will find for this toy -LRB- I paid about 17.00 dollars -RRB- . It has all the different sayings of Diego . Although pressing the stomach to make the doll talk can be a bit hard . Other than that , he likes it .
 My daughter absolutley loves Diego ! I decided to get her this doll while trying to find her something `` Diego '' , and he seemed like the cutest and funnest toy out there . She has n't put him down since he arrived ! He really is cute , full of fun phrases , and a lot of fun . The watch he came with -LRB- for her to wear -RRB- is pretty dinky , but fine for a toddler . Click the camera is pretty neat , too , but she does n't quite grasp the concept of peering into the little hole . Needless to say these two accessories are buried in her toybox now , but she loves her Diego ! I recommend this for any toddler who enjoys the show !
 I could not resist and I paid too much for this doll at a local Book store but my little girl -LRB- 2.5 -RRB- loves it . Everything works . Press the tummy and there are several rescue storys Diego tells about in his cartoon voice . My girl has not figured out how to squint to look through the small camera eye port yet that shows several differnet animals when you `` click the camera '' , but she still likes it . I would of liked to see more real hair instead of the hard plastic head he has , thats my only complaint .
 My 3 and half year old son loves the Diego show and watched the all the episodes as far as I can tell . This is the perfect toy for him until he grows out of that phase.I like the size of the doll and the quality as well . I searched a lot of sites and stores and this was the only doll that was well priced and well made.The only thing I did n't like and I could n't tell from the pictures is that the doll can not stand on its legs . But so far my son does n't seem to have a problem with it so I guess it 's fine.I paid $ 29.99 for this so I think I got it for a good price .
 received this gift after we found out our grandson already had it ; but it was a great toy and good company to deal with . I was able to return it , no questions asked !
 I purchased this Diego for my son this past Christmas . It exceeded my expectations , the price was good and the doll has been able to withstand my son 's rough play !! It is easy to clean and the `` extras '' that it came with are not so small that I had to take them away for fear of choking . I am very pleased with this product !
 I orered this product two weeks ago and it arrived before the given time . I was very pleased with the service and the product . Only one fault I thought it was a bit expensive for what it was other than that I would recomend this toy to other 's my grand son just loves it .
 My daughter loves this item . Not only does it teach her a little Spanish , but she is also now showing a liking for photography . She walks all around the house saying smile and &#34; taking a picture &#34; with click . The only downfall of this item is the vest . My daughter likes to take it off , but ca n't put it back on and ends up losing it all the time . All in all , a good product .
 Thanks for helping me have access to this and other items.LOVE Diego !! I looked a long time for this talking Diego doll.Now he is a great companion and interest item for my friendslittle and big.Thanks so much .
 My son loves these , and had been begging me for this . I finally decided to buy it for him , because I found it on Amazon for a reasonable price .
 I just got this item here and it is by far the best bionicle-matoran set !!! Well done by Lego .
 My 4 yr old daughter received this last Christmas and she loves it . I would definitely recommend this product . It 's so fun to watch your little one be a Princess .
 My 2 1/2 year old granddaughter was so excited to wear the Snow White outfit for Halloween . It was adorable and perfect for her age . She can now use the other 3 princess outfits to play dress-up . The trunk is cardboard , and the outfits are not of the finest quality fabric , but this is still perfect for a 2 or 3 year-old . 4 outfits for this price is a great buy . I definitely recommend it for little girls who like Disney princesses and like to dress up .
 The dresses were colorful and fun . The only disappointment is the '' case '' that comes with it . It was flattened cardboard that had to be put together using tape -LRB- to stay together -RRB- . I think they could have included a nicer case to keep the dreesses in . For the money , they could have provided a nicer case .
 I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter after searching for dress up clothes on ebay . People were bidding upwards of $ 40 - $ 80 for these clothes -LRB- with other stuff included -RRB- . I 'm certainly glad I did n't pay that much as the quality is n't fabulous , but the more reasonable price made this a good bargain for her and I 'm sure she and her younger sister will get quite a few years of enjoyment out of it .
 My 4-year-old daughter just loves her princesses and was delighted to get the Disney Princess Dress Up Trunk . She dresses up every single day . I cherish this age of dress-up fantasy for her !
 We purchased this for our 2 1/2 year-old daughter for Christmas . It has been played with every day since . I am not kidding.We read the previous reviews about the lack of durability , and one of the skirts ' elastic gave way very quickly - but oh , well . It 's not like we expect this to make it to Halloween . The elastic will be fixed by grandma and the sewing machine - we dare not pack it up and return it , our daughter would freak - she loves her princess costumes .
 We bought this item as a gift for our niece who 's almost 2 years old for this past Christmas . Her mom told us that she really enjoys it , so that 's all that matters and we just hope she 'll get a lot of use out of the dresses in the trunk before she grows out of them .
 This toy is a very nice toy , however the trunk is very poorly made , requires assembly , and after a few uses it has broken ... the dresses themselves are very cute , however the accessories arent that durable either ... especially not for a child
 I bought this for my 2 year old and she loves it ! Have only had for a few days and she plays with it constantly . I am hoping that it holds up , because most of the stuff is pretty cheaply made , but it was a good buy for the price . I didnt want to spend alot on a dress up trunk , and some of them are pretty pricy , but I was really happy with this one , it was perfect for what I wanted . It is one of those things that you get what you pay for !!
 I bought this for my granddaughter . She wears love it and wears the Snow White outfit from morning to night .
 Our 4 year old grand daughter loved this . Her and her friends spend lots of time dressing up.It does not come with shoes - just so you know .
 My daughter received this trunk last Christmas and she and her friends play with the items constantly . While the trunk itself tends to fall apart , the dress up clothes do fine . An unlike another reviewer , I have put these items in the washing machine and they 've cleaned up nicely . I even let her wear some of these clothes when we went to Disney World -- MUCH cheaper than the $ 40 dresses sold there -- and she was perfectly happy and comfy in them.These dresses seem to fit well for sizes 3T to a lean 5 .
 This trunk contains 4 of the princess dress up outfits which is more than some on other sites . The quality was good . The price was great could n't beat it anywhere else . My niece was very happy to recieve her Princess Dress up trunk on Christmas .
 We gave this trunk to our Baby-Girl for her Birthday and she loves it ! Yes , the trunk & clothes may not be the best quality but hell I did n't expect high quality for the price ! Yes , the clothes are a bit small but I was counting on that since our daughter 's only 2 years old and she is tall but tiny . Altogether it made our baby smile and really that 's all that matters ! Thank you !
 Our 5 year old enjoys playing dress up with the princess clothes . I would give it a 5 star , if the box was decent . The box does fall apart easily . Make sure you do the lid first and add lots of tape on the inside.This was a good price for the clothes and that is why we still bought it . The clothes should fit age 2 - 5 , if they are under 38 lbs . The headbands might be tight for older children . We have to add some more elastic for one of them . Over all she enjoys it .
 I recently bought this trunk at Christmas for my daughter . I ca n't complain because she loves it . The clothes are wonderful and the accesories are adorable . The only thing I ca n't get is why in the worl they are selling them for $ 100.00 . I bought my daughter 's at our local Wal-Mart for 25.00 and it is that exact same thing . There is absoultely no difference between the one being sold on here and the one I purchased at Wal-Mart . A $ 100.00 and the trunk is made out of cardboard , that is ridiculous . You people are getting ripped off .
 I actually purchased this product for my friends little girls -LRB- one is 2yrs old and one is 3yrs old -RRB- . It seemed a bit old for them but they loved it and dressed up immediately . The smaller pieces were taken out until they are older -LRB- jewelry , etc. . . -RRB- but over all it was a hit . When you get the package in the mail and wonder `` where 's the chest ? '' not to worry , it 's actually cardboard and folds up nicely . It actually arrives all at once with the clothes , you just fold it together . ; 0 -RRB-
 I was surprised at the quality of the trunk and dresses . Normally Disney brand products are not well made or put together , this is . My Daughter has hours of tea partys and dress up with the clothes . def a need if you have a little girl .
 There were so many out-fits and so much jewelry ; my `` grand-daughter '' really loved all of the Princess oufits and they could be mixed and matched . The only issue I had was in putting the cardboard chest together . Me and my husband worked for over an hour trying to get that trunk together by using the instructions provided . We finally got out the packing tape and taped everything so it would stay together.maybe better directions ?
 Bought this for my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter who loves to dress up . This was great because this was Disney outfits-Snow White , Cinderella etc. . She likes the movies and books so she could relate . The quality was n't the best , but it is what I expected , you have to pay over $ 20.00 per dress for ones that are put better together . They should last till she outgrows them . This gave her choices and she could share while playing with friends . It also arrived quickly .
 My daughter received this dress up set for Christmas . It is a nice assortment of dress up items that can be mix and matched for Disney princesses , or any dress up . My daughter is a small 2 1/2 year old , and the clothing just fits over her winter pajamas - I ca n't see a 4 + year old be able to wear these . Some of the accessories are too big -LRB- headbands , jewelry -RRB- but she really does n't mind . We paid about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for our set and am pleased with what we got for the price .
 I bought this for my almost 3 year old granddaughter for christmas . She loves playing dress-up . Some of the accessories she did n't know what to do with them so they get thrown to the side . The card board trunk is hard to figure out how to put together . I did n't know you would have to tape it when I bought it . It took both my husband and I to get it figured out . I had to hold parts together while he taped . The trunk is not very durable . Overall I would recommend it .
 This is the BEST gift for any little girl -LRB- between 2-5 years old -RRB- . I 've given it to three of my nieces ages -LRB- 2-4 years old -RRB- and each of them love it . They opened it and immediately tried it on . The only short coming is that the trunk is made out of cardboard , and the girls typically do n't want to take their outfits off after putting on their princess garb .
 My 2 1/2 year old daughter has immensely enjoyed her dress-up trunk . She can be one of four princesses and loves parading around the house in her new clothes . Heck , just one Disney princess outfit usually costs over $ 20 , so this is a great buy . The trunk itself is flimsy cardboard , but it does the job . Definitely a must buy for any budding princess !
 The dress up clothes are a huge hit in our home , however the box they come in is way to flimsy . I would suggest getting this product but purchasing a different trunk to hold the clothes . The trunk lasted less than a day and was ripped apart .
 I really liked this trunk . The only problem was that the dresses were cute and fine , but the trunk was basically a cardboard box ... not so good .
 I was looking for a memento to mark the cancellation of `` All My Children , '' and this game from 1985 popped up on Amazon . I was struck by how young the cast members are on the box cover -LRB- and therefore how old I am now ! -RRB- . What convinced me to get it was Erica 's `` Afro . '' I admit I have n't opened it yet ; it 's still shrink-wrapped . But I think it 's a fine way to say good-bye after almost 40 years of following this soap . As for the educational value , perhaps it offers an `` education '' best left for older children , so I gave it one star for that . I would n't let my own kids watch the show until they were 12 , and by then they did n't want to ! So , a fun memento . If I can find anyone wants to play it with me , perhaps I 'll open it .
 The dollhouse furniture collection was a great bargain . So much furniture for one low price ! My 6 year old grandaughter loves the furniture and everyday plays with it and her Barbie dolls . Her brother , age 4 , loves to play with her and the Ken doll-he is always the Dad !! This furniture has brought a lot of fun to my grandchildren !
 I ordered this set for my 4 year old for Christmas . I was expecting a small package with some low budget flexible junk furniture . To my utter amazement , I was greeted by a HUGE box crammed full of sturdy , large pieces . Even the dishes and such are n't as small as I had expected . This set is an awesome bargain for the money . Beware , however , if you plan to take it out of the box BEFORE Christmas , as it took me 3 boxes to pack it all back up . My main concern is if this set is going to be TOO big for the dollhouse which has n't arrived yet .
 This is a great addition to the 3 story doll house from etoys . All the pieces work well inside the house and there is a ton of stuff including an outdoor patio set complete with BBQ Grill ! Most of the pieces are actually plastic & / or fabric but it does have a few cardboard `` computer accessories '' -LRB- printer & file carbinet -RRB- which I did n't even bother to put together because there is so much other stuff ! There are several small pieces to keep track of -LRB- actual BBQ tools , kitchen utensils including a knife block with removable knives , etc. ... -RRB- Good thing the kitchen has lots of stoarage to put your plates and glassware away . The Tv even has a remote ! My daughter gets upset if she ca n't find the remote for Barbie ! Most everything is functional/realistic furniture . Very Pleased !
 I ordered this furniture for my daughter for Christmas to go with her doll house . She loves it ! And what a great buy ! There is a TON of furniture for the price and it was easy to put together . There are lots of dishes and little pieces though - so watch out for those . The kitchen furniture is VERY tall and had to go on the top floor of the dollhouse where the ceiling is vaulted , so be careful for that if your dollhouse floors are n't very tall . But overall , I 'm as thrilled as my daughter is - we have more furniture than our dollhouse can hold -LRB- for $ 40 -RRB- , but I 'd rather have it that way than spend $ 15 - $ 20 on 1 room of furniture and not have enough !
 I put the furniture together myself . I hid the very cute but too small doll flatware and dishes but It all looks very cute in the house .
 The furniture came in a great alotted time . I was very pleased with the product . It was just as expected . I would order again and recomend it to anyone !!!
 There were many pieces of furniture , plenty for the whole house . They were a good size and were exactly what I assumed I was getting . I was very pleased because my granddaughters were very pleased with this item .
 I found this product to be great ! We purchased an unfurnished dollhouse for our daughter this Fall and I just happened upon this product . The items fit and fill the house perfectly ; our daughter loves them ! Because the furniture is so life-like , she spends hours playing with them .
 We had to stop coming to the playground because all the kids want to ride on it . And the car looks better in real life than in the picture . It 's pretty heavy .
 I GAVE IT TO MY NEARLY 4YRS OLD SON . HE STRUGGLED THE FIRST FEW DAYS BECAUSE THE WEIGHT OF IT IS HEAVIER THEN ANY BIKE/RIDEON TOY HES HAD IN THE PAST SO PEDDALING IT WAS TOUGHER FOR HIM . HE WOULD SAY HIS LEGS ARE TIRED OF PEDDALING . HOWEVER , THIS WENT ON FOR 7 DAYS . HE WOULD NOT GIVE UP BECAUSE HE WAS TRUELY THRILLED WITH IT . ANYWAY , HE GOT ACCUSTOMED TO THE WEIGHT , I QUESS , BECAUSE HES ON IT MOST EVERYDAY . NO COMPLAINTS . GREAT EXERCISE , AND LOTS OF FUN ALSO . AS WELL AS SAFE TO RIDE . DOESNT TIP . EASY TO STEER . MADE WELL . MY HUSBAND APPROVES OF IT AND HE CAN BE CRITICAL WHEN IT COMES TO MANUFACTURED ITEMS . GREAT TOY , ALL HIS COUSINS WANT IT WHEN THEY VISIT .
 We purchased this car for our son 's 4th birthday . He loves it ! It is very well built ; sturdy and solidly constructed . The wheel base is so wide and low , it would be nearly impossible to flip it , even at high speeds or sharp turns . Although our son is not yet driving it very fast , our neighbor , a 7 yr old boy , was `` test driving '' the new car -LRB- super-fast down the hill , with a sharp `` peel-out '' at the bottom ! -RRB- It was like watching a race car doing what it was made for ! The pedals can be taken out of gear so as not to spin around while coasting fast downhill.My son also loves the sound the brake makes , similar to an air brake on a big rig ... very cool ! The steering is very tight , and it has a good turn radius . Another neighbor has an older version of the same car , that they bought for their son many years ago . Theirs is still in great shape , and has found new life now that the 2 cars can race side by side ! My 2 daughters -LRB- ages 6 and 8 -RRB- love to drive it as well.I do wish the seat could be moved with a simple lever . It does not slide back , rather must be removed with a screwdriver and replaced in the new position . But it does have several seat positions available . My son is very tall for his age , and is currently using the first -LRB- closest to steering wheel -RRB- position . It 's good to know he 'll be able to drive the car for many more years as he grows.This is a fantastic product , and we are very pleased with it . My husband actually wants one for himself and each of our girls ! -LRB- they do make them large enough for adults ! -RRB- Even my UPS man was envious of it when he delivered it to us!The assembly was fairly simple , and we were finished in about a 1/2 hour.This product is well-priced , and very high quality . Of course , the look on my son 's face when he first saw it was priceless !
 Purchased for very tall 4 year old . He fits with room to spare . Easy to ride -LRB- but the chain assembly is very loud -RRB- . He loves the Kettler and rides it daily . Only reason I give it 4 starts out of 5 is that my came with one missing hole on one side for the seat adjustment - very strange but I can drill the missing hole .
 I bought this for my grandsons , ages 7 & 5 . They love it . When my 4 year old granddaughter came to visit , she would not get off . Now I will have to buy another one !
 Our son loves this car ... fun to ride and looks cool . Kettler makes a great product , it goes superfast , yet is extremely controllable . Only problem is sharing w.the neighborhood kids !
 If you want to see your child or grandchild with a great big smile , just buy one of these cars . Well made and stylish , I wish I had bought 2 more !
 I bought this for my 4 year-old 's birthday with the hope that my 7 year-old would like it too . It has been a hit . Unlike motorized vehicles of this size , the Kettcar requires pedaling - exercise ! The `` gear shift '' allows the rider to disengage the pedals when going extremely fast , so the legs/knees are not injured by rapidly spinning pedals . The hand break works well . The only thing that needs improving is the ability to adjust the seat quickly and easily without the use of a screwdriver . Otherwise , a fabulous product .
 It 's darn near perfect ! Top quality and design at an affordable price . Worth every penny we paid . After 10 months of abuse it still looks almost like new and nothing has broken . We got it when he was 3 years old and now he 's 4 . He uses it every day . This toy is SAFE , DURABLE and FUN ! It 's the most popular toy on the block . As he gets olderr , we can move the seat to make it bigger for him . I expect he 'll be enjoying this peddle car for many , many years to come .
 Exceptional value for the money . One of the oldest kiddie car companies from Germany produces a high quality product . Easy to assemble -LRB- about 10 screws and nuts -RRB- , reasonably lightweight . A NICE toy for your child/grandchild !
 My son really likes it . We had an older pedal car that was my wife 's from the 70 's that he was using up until now . The kettcar is much nicer - he loves the break on the car.Only problem I had was on the day of his birthday when I was trying to put it together , I found they did NOT have instructions in the box . I went straight to the company 's internet site to download the instructions but found they had a bunch of manuals for other cars but not for this one . I had to wait until Monday and contact the company which had to e-mail me a PDF file -LRB- which they did right away -RRB- . This was the only hang up I had with the product.Otherwise , it 's a good toy .
 Very well built . My son is having tons of fun peddling on pavement , dirt , rocks ... you name it , he will ride it anywhere . The only disappointment I have with it is the tires are not real rubber tires . They are a plastic/rubber material . It will be interesting to see how well it holds up . I do highly recommend . Like I said , my 5 year old loves his Kett Car !
 Cart was exceptional value for product . Easy to put together . Made very well . Was a big hit with my grandson . Only draw back was the braking system . Hand brake hard for child to operate .
 I have had this car since I was 5 , I am 14 now and I still use this thing . I have made some adjustments , but its still the best toy I have ever had !!! 9 years I have had this thing and today the wheel sheared off . I have worked this thing so hard , You cant go wrong !! NOTE My version was one of the first -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- so the new ones I assume are much better
 This is easily the best car you can get to your kids . I bought this one for my 3 yrs son . At first , I hesitated between this and a motorized Power wheels Jeep . I 'm so glad I made the right choice . My neighbors has motorized Jeep for their kids and they all want a Pedal Go Kart now . It is so well built and It will last much longer then any motorized vehicule . It fits most kids between 3 to 9 yrs . The high back seat has 3 adjustable position.The car is lightweight -LRB- 30 lbs -RRB- compared to a motorized car -LRB- 75-90 lbs -RRB- . When I 'm not around , my wife can easily put this pedal car in our hatchback car by herself and drive it to the park . This thing can go very fast . Faster then any other 4 wheels vehicule in the neighborhood . My son stuggled the first few days because he was not used to it but now , his legs are so strong and he has no difficulty at all pedaling this thing all day . He is 4 yrs now and knows how to use the gear shift -LRB- freewheel -RRB- and the handbrake properly . Thanks to this pedal Go Kart , he is in much better shape then most other kids of his age . He can run faster then his 6 yrs friend who has a Motorized Jeep that he does n't fit in anymore after 1 summer . I can tell that my son adore this car and will ride it for a couple of more years . He likes to pretend he is a mechanic and a Racer.Pros : - Great looking Go Kart -LRB- even adult and teenagers stare at this thing at the park -RRB- - Solid Steel frame with durable powder coat resistant - Lightweight -LRB- 30 lbs -RRB- - Fit most kids between 3 - 9 yrs . - Good exercise for kids.Con : You have to remove the back seat with a screwdriver to change the position . Could be very annoying if you have 2 kids with different height size . Luckily for my son , he 's taller friend does n't fit well in the first position that the car is in now : -RRB- Overall , I really recommended this pedal Go Kart
 It 's been a year since I bought this car for my god son , He loves it and it still looks like new even with him beats the hell out of it.definitly worth the price .
 I grew up in Switzerland and we used to have Kettcars as kids to bomb around in . I thought that my son would like a toy that lasts and can grow with him . I have had a 3 , now 4 year-old whose rough on toys , bang on this vehicle for over a year . He 's been doing hand-brake turns on our snowy driveway ! Kettcars were -- and still are -- indestructible and cost effective ! In this day and age of childhood obesity , they are a great source of exercise . Besides , as I witnessed my son race against the neighbor kid , a pedal power vehicle can beat any electrically powered kid vehicle in a drag race down the block.Mind you , about a 1/2 hour of assembly is required but most of the assembly is already completed out of the box . Essentially you attach the steering assembly and the seat , stick on the decals , and you 're done.The seat is adjustable so it can grow as he does.Also there is a Forward and Neutral gear shift , the latter to allow free wheeling of the pedals when racing downhill.For the price of about $ 200 , this is vastly superior to any battery powered plastic vehicle especially since it will fit -LRB- and survive -RRB- for many years and could definitely become an heirloom . It is that well built . In a time when eco-friendly is growing value , this car definitely fulfills it .
 My son loves geography but its hard to find fun ways of learning that do n't bunch countries all together or eliminate some all together . This game is a great way to learn about countries around the world . Its broken down by area so that you can concentrate on one area at a time . There are 3 levels depending on your knowledge . Even I was learning as we play .
 Is a good thing that the boards are separated by continents and allows to focus in different areas , if needed . No discrimination as other games do in terms of including all countries on the world .
 We had the eighties version and finally decided to modernize and see all the new boundaries and names . Our main issue is that the new one has double sided maps , so we can no longer do the whole world at once . They are also on much cheaper stock and have cardboard markers , unlike the original 's plastic ones . So we use the old markers and only do half the world at a time , but it 's still an educational evening !
 We love this game . The kids enjoy it but I have to remind them we own it . I used it at a Geography Camp and it was fun and very educational .
 I 'm a grown-up and still very much enjoy this game . I first found it in a game room at a small inn in New Hampshire during my winter vacation . When I got back , I like it so much that I purchased a copy of my own . I like the fact that it can be played from 2 to 6 -LRB- maybe up to 8 -RRB- people . It can also be played with various difficulty levels . When you play , you learn a thing or two or more as much as your memory can hold about world geography . If you 're going to spend time playing games , why not choose something that you can learn at the same time . This game will serve you both -- fun and knowledge . Highly recommended !!!
 I have begun homeschooling this year and was looking for some fun teaching tools . This is a great educational game ! This geography game is wonderful for learning about different countries and cultures . We have all enjoyed playing it and have all learned facts that we did n't know before . I would highly recommended this game !
 This is a great game . I purchased it for my son who loves geography and learning about different countries and cultures but it has turned out to be a game that our whole family loves to play .
 excellent game for learning about the world . My 4,5 , and 6 year old can tell you about most parts of the world that I am sure adults do not know.I give credit to this game .
 We got this game for Christmas . The first time we played , my 9-year-old complained it was too hard . The second time , she beat everyone because she had learned and remembered so much from the first round . The different levels of play mean that different ages can play together , and even once you learn your countries and capitals , you can always test yourself on major religions , languages or populations . Who knew that the major export of Nauru is phosphates or that Mapadungun is one of Chile 's major languages ? So what does Nauru import -LRB- everything but phosphates , maybe -RRB- ? Buy the game and find out .
 We own several geography games -LRB- Quick Pix Geography , Name that State , Great States , U.S.A. bingo -RRB- and this is by far our favorite . My kids -LRB- 10 and 8 -RRB- actually ask to play it repeatedly . There are so many different ways to play that it is a real bargain ! There is plenty for parents to learn while playing also !
 This game is fantastic in a family group or for friends ; adults , children , or both together . It can be played together by adults and small children or experts and novices , because each player can decide what he is ready to learn . We have played it with kids as young as two years old , and they learned the countries names by the flags and learned to recognise numbers from the size numbers . They loved playing with the group . Where in the World is my favorite game !
 I was so excited when I found this game ! It 's just like the one I used to play as a kid years and years ago ! I love it ! My son does , too , and it 's so informative !
 The set up was easy and my family has enjoyed playing basketball and volleyball . The product is sturdy and easy to switch back and forth .
 We put this item together to play Volleyball and had realized that the bases were not the same . It appeared that in the process of being made that when they went to fuse the two sides together that one side had slipped and did n't form correctly . I e-mailed the company `` Swimway '' about the issue and with no hassle at all they are sending me two replacements for the bases that had flaws ! I then called the company to see if i could purchase replacements parts so that if something should happen to the net or the posts then we would already have the parts we need to fix it and the cost was VERY reasonable for the replacements parts ! so i ordered an extra net , and two extra posts so if something should happen to them , we can fix it right away . The customer service was outstanding , the speed of service with swimway was outstanding . i feel very comfortable ordering products from this company and when we are ready to get some new pool `` chairs '' i will be ordering the items made by Swimway ! they seem to stand behind their products and are very friendly!as far as how fun the game is ... it is OUTSTANDING ! we have really enjoyed it ! I am very glad we choose this item out of all of the pool volleyball products that are out there !
 We bought this volleyball net for a friend of ours who just recently bought a new house with an in-ground pool . Now , every time we go over to her house we play pool volleyball . We usually use a large beach ball instead of the volleyball . It slows the game down enough for 2 on a side so that you have a better chance to reach the ball . We have n't used the basketball attachement , but I am sure that it is just as fun for those who like basketball . A volleyball net is a must for any pool for a fun group event .
 My four year old nephew loves this little string puppet clown ... who the family calls `` Clarence ! '' LOL -LSB- And you got ta love that curly orange-red hair ! -RSB- This friendly little marionette is soft and not difficult to use . My nephew was able to do some basic moves with him after receiving some enthusiastic coaching from the adults . The airplane-like , plastic control -LRB- which governs the strings -RRB- allows the users to do twisting and rocking motions that will produce different effects with the clown -- like jumping , marching , arm swinging , etc. . What 's nice is the clown 's little feet are weighted , which helps the product stay taunt enough with the strings to do some interesting gestures without hard-to-fix tangles . All string puppets have a tendency to get tangled a bit ; however , this one is user friendly enough to allow the user to fix the situation with just some careful observations and adjustments . -LSB- Our favorite move is the dance-march . -RSB- We prefer this human-powered toy to electronic , battery hungry gadgets . String puppets inspire creativity and prompt critical thinking because the human has to imagine the moves and then figure out how to make them happen . It 's character development in it 's most basic form . A string puppet is also a great teaching metaphor for older students -- teaching actions and consequences ; cause and effect ; and even certain philosophical concepts such as Free Will Vs. Determinism . `` Until I decide how a character walks , nothing happens . '' -- quoted of actor Sir Alec Guinness , 1985 *
 We bought our son two of these lightsabers for Christmas . By February , one of them no longer worked . We tried new batteries , etc. , and nothing got it going . We figured it must have taken a rough hit . Then the lightsabers sat in a drawer for a month -LRB- nobody ever wanted to fight using the broken one -RRB- . When my son got them back out , in March , the second lightsaber was also broken . This time we knew our son had n't done anything to it because it had n't even been used ! Within a few months they both just died for no reason .
 Such a wonderfully versatile toy ! We live in a small trailer , so space for toys is very limited . This was given to my daughter when she was newborn - and her 4 year old brother would not leave it alone ... even with the restriction that he had to play with the baby with it . He spent hours telling her numbers and colors and making her laugh . Now they play with this toy nearly every day , she is almost 1 and he is 5 . I am constantly amazed at the new ideas and creativity of the toy.Best of all , I can interlock them into one ball which takes up very little room when they are finished playing ! No batteries to buy - or annoying loud noises . I think it will make a great tub toy down the road too.Down side is that little yellow ball with a face - it is too easy to loose and does n't stay on the stack of half pieces pictured very well . I wish it were either not included or had a ring that snapped into the other pieces .
 I bought this toy when my daughter was about seven months old . At first she just kind of looked at them and did n't seem too interested , even when we rolled them around . She did like peering inside to see the jingle ball , though . Now that she 's 15 months old , she 's gotten more interested in them . Her favorite thing is to pull the balls apart , but now she can also fit them back together herself - usually the smaller ones . She also likes to kick them like a soccer ball or throw them -LRB- outside - on cement -RRB- and watch them snap apart . She happily chases after the pieces and puts them back together . Amazingly , they 've held together well even with this rough treatment . We also use them to play with in her baby pool . It 's not her most favorite toy , but it does provide some entertainment and helps her dexterity skills . All in all , I think it 's a good toy .
 I adore this toy . It is so fun to stack , nest , and turn in to up to 5 balls to roll . The balls also fit into each other like russian dolls for easy travel . This toy has great colors and great durability . You can even stack the really small pieces on the really large ones -LRB- although sometimes they do n't stick as well , which is my only complaint -RRB- I would recommend this to anyone .
 I got this for my son 's first birthday and he loves it . It offers so many options . Initially his favorite part was the little smiley ball . He went everywhere with it . Now he plays with all parts , stacking them , hiding things in them , making balls and opening them again ... Really a great toy !
 My son has been playing with this toy since he was 4 months old . At first , we would put them together into balls and he would roll them around . The first time he crawled was actually to chase after one . As he grew , he had lots of fun banging the cups together . Now he is 13 months and is starting to stack them . I imagine that in the future they will be great to teach him colors , shapes and numbers -LRB- each cup has a number and ring of shapes printed on it -RRB- . This is my go-to baby shower gift now !
 This is one of the most simple and versatile toys we have , and my son and I both love it . I got it for him when he was about six months old , and at two he is still enjoying it . So many other toys have lost their luster - both literally and figuratively - while my son has continued to enjoy this one . He has played with it much more than the classic stacking ring toys.There are ten numbered stacking cups , and they can be made into a tower , nested like bowls , separated into five rolling balls , massed into a single ball with the `` smiley '' in the middle - there 's practically no end to the various configurations . The colors are bright and beautiful . I do n't know what other toy , other than a big cardboard box , has so much to offer at such a good price . It it at the top of my baby shower gift list for as long as Fisher-Price produces it !
 I bought this for my 2 1/2 yr old who has down syndrome . I would definitely recommend it for younger ages as well . I was n't sure if it would be to babyish but you can do a lot with it . It is great for stacking and you have to push each one so it clicks , you can also play peek a boo with it when they are all stacked it makes like a little telescope . The ball on top has a little bell in it and its great to play like a cup game where you take 2 and eventually 3 of the sections and hide the ball and let her guess which one it is under , obviously you show them which one and then let them watch you move them and they they guess . My daughter loves it and gets it right every time . Also for finger dexterity each section is color coordinated with its matching shade and the also all have a number on it and they snap together to make balls . So your child can push them together and also there is a hole on the top of each section so when you make the ball they can pull it apart by putting their index finger in the whole . It is even great for speech with the `` b '' sound for ball and the `` P '' sound for push and pull . It definitely is very functional .
 These cups are brilliant - I purchased these for my son who is 9 months old and he has thoroughly enjoyed playing with them . He likes to spin them , put them on top of each other , play with the ball and not all the cups down . These are brilliant and I would thoroughly recommend them !
 I bought this toy for my granddaughter 's first birthday based on the review I read on your website . It was an instant hit , and has remained so !
 I bought the stack and roll cups for my 6 month old but my 23 month old is having more fun with them . She loves to put them together into balls and take them apart -LRB- at first it took my help but she quickly mastered it -RRB- . We discovered that not only will the coordinating colors fit together into balls , but the orange will fit on the gold/yellow , the yellow fits on the bigger green , and so on . -LRB- Which you can look at 2 ways , it is neat that it will go together different ways , yet it loses some of its educational value as more than the cups with the same design will go together . -RRB- We also love to roll them around , putting the jingle ball in and playing peekaboo . She also puts a dinosaur in and turns it into a dinosaur egg . We were amused to find out that the balls can spin like tops.I find them a bit tricky to get stacked , they tend to lean and fall if you do n't get them just right . Also the numbers are not as easy to see as the picture makes them out to be . While we do talk about colors , the jingle ball is the most popular , even for my 6 month old . Not quite what I expected . Mainly my 6 month old -LRB- who they were purchased for -RRB- likes to chew on the cups .
 My 6 month old baby loves these . There are a lot of ways to play with them ; stacking , nesting , using them as balls , etc. . They are easy for him to grip . He likes to look through the holes , and `` talk '' into the cups . They are something that he will be able to play with for a while to come as he becomes more coordinated and can stack them
 bought this for my 8 month old little girl and she loves it . it 's a great toy that she can play with alone or with my 2 year old son . they actually both play with it a lot . she likes to stack the cups and play with the little shaky ball . he loves to stack them up and make balls by clicking together the tops . it provides way more entertainment for both kids than i expected so i love it !
 I got this for my 13 month old cousin and he enjoyed figuring out what to do with the cups -LRB- like put one in the other or take 2 apart that had been put together , or tumble a stack down -RRB- His older siblings -LRB- 3 year old and 5 year old -RRB- had fun playing with him and his fun stacking toy < 3
 I am amazed at how much time young kids spend playing with this toy . It seems that 8 bowls would not provide a lot of entertainment , but there are so many ways to use them that they are a certain hit . If you can get them for $ 10 or less , go for it !
 You know a toy is great when the Developmental Therapist of your one year old brings it over ! Baby instantly LOVED this toy . I went out and bought one that night !! What an inventive way to do stacking and nesting !! My 4 year old is going nuts over this toy -LRB- he will be getting his own from Santa in a couple days , lol . -RRB- This is a must have for little ones from 6 months up . Some of the features that I liked the best about this toy : - Easy pick up - all of the pieces store easily inside of the largest ball ! 4 year old learned how to count back from 10 in a matter of hours by using 1/2 of the ball and putting them all in one by one , saying , `` 10 is bigger than 9 , 8 is bigger than 7 , etc. '' - Nice colors on cups and feel very sturdy . The colors are just a little off-primary . Nice to have some different colors around the house . They are a substantial feeling plastic and feel like they will last for a long time -LRB- or until parts get lost , lol ! -RRB- - like that you can turn the cups upside down and stack them , nest them like bowls , play with them as balls , and countless other activities . We like to hide the small center ball under 2 cups and baby finds it . 4 year old LOVES to put things in the balls and hold it up to his eye to see what is inside . They are great to teach color , bigger/smaller , and number recognition and counting . - I love how easy they are for Mom to play with . It is great to find baby toys that are more interactive like these . Some baby toys are really boring , but for some reason , this simple concept is so much fun.I hope your kids enjoy it as much as mine !!
 I ordered this set for my daughter because the hand-me-down set -LRB- another brand -RRB- my son had used was missing a few cups . I had no idea that there could be such a difference in design quality - the stacking cups concept is fairly standard - but these really are genius ! My thirteen-month old plays with these for HOURS ! This is my new `` go - to '' baby gift for neighbors and coworkers.Like most stacking sets , the cups can be piled like a tower , and they are designed to lock into place with gentle pressure , to ensure sturdied construction if desired ; stacked loosely , they offer endlessly entertaining possibilities for demolition . The hole in the center allows my daughter to easily grasp the cups , which are also wonderful noisemakers when clapped together . The real genius , to me , is that cups of consecutive sizes can be locked together to form a ball - and we 've put small noisemaking toys inside to instantly create a new toy that she can hold , shake , and roll , to experiment with the effect that each action has on the sounds produced . Our daughter has also been inspired to pretend that the cups are telephones , tea cups , telescopes , and the evidently hilarious hat or Mommy -LRB- which she delights in knocking off my head -RRB- . Finally , the cups nest well for travel - easy to pop into a diaper bag or purse , and a life saver for the doctor 's office , etc. . I never expected such a simple toy to be so versatile , and I could n't imagine how it could possibly be better designed .
 Who would 've known this inexpensive toy would become a household favorite ? My kids have found innumerable ways to play with this . Stacking , building , experimenting . They love it ! Its been one of the most played with toys at my house -LRB- chosen over much more expensive things -RRB- from age six months when they could just sit up to now my 3 1/2 year old still plays with it . Very clever and simple design .
 These stacking cups are a great value . The pieces can be played with by a baby , toddlers can stack them , and now my preschooler enjoys seeing which balls fit inside the other . The toy is colorful , durable , educational and simply fun . The attention to detail is also good , as each cup has a number and a shape on it as well . I ca n't think of any flaws and would n't hesitate to recommend this toy .
 THIS is a great toy for a baby that is old enough to appreciate color , blocks , and likes to watch things roll and move around . It is a neat little toy and will grow with the child.It has the ability to teach colors , numbers , and sizes but not without some parental interaction.That being said , I think I waited a tad too late and buying this for my son after he was nearly close to 1 year mark was a mistake since he is already into his older brother 's -LRB- who was 9 , at the time -RRB- cars and toys.I bought this for my son when he was an older baby , and all but he was not interested in at all hardly and I gave it away eventually.It is however , a toy he did like , just that he had already got used to more interactive toys and I found someone whose nephew appreciated it more , and gave it to that particular child .
 I bought these for my son when he was about 9 months old . He is now two and still plays with these . At the beginning , he was just stacking them and loved the ball that went on the top . Now , he color coordinates plastic balls that we have and places them inside two cups to lock the ball inside . He also pretends to make soup and the cups are used as bowls . I would recommend this versatile toy to anyone .
 My DD is one next week . I bought her these as I liked how small they `` nest '' . We 're out of town and I wanted some easy to pack toys that would n't make a huge mess in the hotel room.She loves the little yellow rattle ball and tried to stack it on the bowls all the time . She has n't figured out stacking the bowls but likes to nest them . And when turned into balls she loves to roll them and chase them . Or throw the whole big mass as a ball and watch it pop open.She does get frustrated when they do n't `` work '' the way she wants but a shake of the rattle ball makes it all better . : -RRB-
 We gave this toy to my son when he was about 5-6 months old and he 's played with them almost daily for the past 7 months . Other toys have come and gone , but nothing has kept his attention like these cups.While the concept seems simple , it 's obvious a lot of thought went into their design . The colors transition across the visible sprectrum from purple to red as the cups get larger . Each one nests perfectly into the next size up . There 's a hole in the bottom of each cup so little hands can pick them up and I suspect to eliminate any risk of suffocation should they put one over their nose and mouth . The cups can be locked together to form balls or on top of one another by the ridges on the outer surface . They lock pretty tightly , so you 're going to have to help your child when they are younger . The rounded end of the cups are flat , so they can even be stacked in an hour glass shape.Initially , they started out as just another thing to put in his mouth and chew on . Fast forward 7 months and we 've learned so many different ways to play with them.Stacking / nesting functions aside , my son loves to bang the cups together to make noise . We like to hide other toys inside the balls or use them as hats for his stuffed animals -LRB- the stepped locking ridges on the red cup always reminds me of Devo 's Whip It video -RRB- . We also have fun amplifying/muffling our voices by talking into the end of the different stacking configurations.One of my favorite experiences with this toy was playing a pseudo 3 cup monty/shell game with him . I 'd put one of his toys under one of 3 cups , shuffle them around and let him find it . It amazed me to watch him fail a couple of times before he had his `` a-hah '' moment and discovered he could see which one the toy was under through the hole . I 'm sure we 'll invent many other ways to play with these as he continues to grow.From an adult perspective , they 're compact and easy store or take with us when we go away . They 're also extremely durable and require minimal care.We have a couple of slightly negative observations . When they are nested into one ball , it can be a struggle to get the cup apart . Also , there are 11 pieces to this toy , so you should expect to be hunting around for them when it 's clean up time . This is especially true for the little yellow ball!Overall , baby and parents are extremely satisfied with toy . This is always the toy we gift or recommend to all of our friends with little ones .
 By far our 11 month old daughter 's favorite toy . Sure , others light up , move , and talk to her , but she enjoys stacking the cups , hiding the smaller ones under the bigger ones , hiding her other toys under them , making them into a ball . By far though , she enjoys when we look at her through the hole and she can reach up and poke us in the eye the most!I really cant think of a negative . We gave it to her around 8 months and she continues to enjoy it . I see it growing with her !
 My 5 months and 3 weeks old baby love the vibrant colors and rattling sound of the smiley ball . This toy is one of the few that gives her motivation to slowly inch her way toward the tower across the gym mat . She is a bit small for her age and has n't been able to sit up by herself for long and she does n't have the upper body strength to crawl or push herself up . However , when she is assisted in the seated position she will lend forward to grab what she can and puts it in her mouth.Few Notes for those that do n't know : - Stacking colorful bowls 1 through 10 are hollow inside with an approx . 1 '' venting hole for each one . - Bowls can be attached to created a tower , 5 individual balls -LRB- 1/2 , 3/4 , 5/6 , 7/8 and 9/10 -RRB- or put them inside one another and create one heavy ball - Once everything is inside one huge ball it is something difficult to detach - Everything is made of hard plastic , including the rattling smiley yellow ball on top that has small inventing holes in the back - Smiley yellow ball can eventually become a choking hazard - Bowls are stacked on top of each other by pushing down each one until you hear a snap that locked it in place - No stick in the middle to hold everything up - Will crack upon too much pressure - Easy to wipe clean and compact for travel useRight now my baby is n't getting much use out of it . Since her hands are still quite small she can only grab the rattling smiley ball with both her hands . This also goes for ball 9/10 the rest of the balls are too big for her . She would try to reach for it but only pushes it away and this frustrates her . When these balls are detached to individual semi-sphere -LRB- bowl -RRB- its is easier for her to grab the side with the hole . She is n't able to stack it yet because she needs to have more arm strength to push it down to lock it in place . Unlike the plastic/wood doughnuts where you just place one on top of another because there is a stick in the middle , these need to be align properly and snapped in . If not the tower will just topple over by number 5 or 6 . I believe she will enjoy this toy more as she gets bigger.Caution for parents
 At 9 months old , my daughter does n't quite grasp the concept of this toy yet . However , that does n't stop her from having a ton of fun with it ! She has n't figured out how to stack them or nest them , but she loves these cups just the same . If I stack them , she loves to knock them down . If I nest them , she loves to take them apart . If I put them together she loves to roll them around , or bang them together . Even better than banging two cups together , is banging the little plastic rattle ball against one of the cups - you get two noises for the price of one ! One of the best things about this toy is that it 's one of those grows-with-baby toys . Right now it is fun to bang and throw and roll , and useful for developing her fine motor skills . But as my baby gets older , it will become a useful learning tool as well . I was n't sure they would keep her attention , but she will sit and play happily for quite some time . Fisher-Price did n't let me down !
 These have become a go-to toy . If there are 2 toys to own , it would be these and the sorting blocks . Like all of the reviewers have said , there are so many ways to play with them . You can stack them a various number of ways . They click together and have grooves so you can put any cup on any other cup . You can join two consecutive sizes together to make a ball . My son is 14 months old . Right now he is stacking things and he is trying to put lids on things , these are perfect . If I give him two put together he takes it apart and tries to put it together again . He was also pointing the numbers out , so we went through the numbers on the side as well . This is one of those toys me and my son can sit and play with for quite some time . His other fun thing is to stack them all up and use it like a microphone.I have found myself playing with it when I 'm cleaning up his toys after he goes to sleep . I 'm so glad I chose these .
 I love that these go together in so many different ways . My son bangs them together , stacks them , and throws them . I 'm sure he will continue to use them more and more over time as he discovers all the ways they go together . I love that i can fit them all together into one little ball for storage . However , the pieces get scattered everywhere so I have to do a lot of hunting to put them away . oh well .
 We love this toy ! We got this for our daughter when she was about 7 months old and she still loves this toy at 14 months ! When she was younger , she just loved to bang the halves together and shake around the yellow happy face ball . When she found her voice , she loved to yell in them as if they were megaphones to hear how her voice sounds . Now we make a bunch of balls and roll them around to each other . She tries to stack them , but loves knocking them down . She 's a little young , but I still try to use them to practice her colors and numbers . Since all the balls fit inside one another , it packs up small and takes up very little space !
 baby can not put the whole thing together but the parts are also a fun ! this piramid can be a bowls , a balls , and many other things
 My one year old loves these cups , especially the shaker ball that goes on the top . As an educator I love that they have multiple play opportunities . They nest and hook together into balls . My older kids noticed that when they are stacked , they are even in correct rainbow color order .
 These cups are the best thing I 've bought for my little girl ! They are so versatile stacking together and separately in so many ways . I 've had them for about 6 months , my little girl has had a birthday since then and has many new toys but it 's always these cups that keep her entertained for a longest time .
 We bought these cups for our 6 month old daughter . I can not say enough about them . They 're fun for stacking , teaching colors and numbers . We use the cups as bowls to put the ball in , or we create balls from the cups and hide the small jingly ball in them . She sits up to quietly stack and unstack the cups , or we click them into balls and she rolls all over the floor with them . They 're great for encouraging your baby to crawl . She watches us stack them in absolute awe . This is one toy that I think she will play with for years , and it 's such a nice contrast from all those noisy , battery powered toys out there .
 my nine month old loves these cups , especially the yellow ball . there are no sharp edges to worry about which is important since he likes to put everything in his mouth ! at his age he 's not able to stack them in ascending order , but in time it 'll be a great learning experience . until then , he enjoys banging the cups together : -RRB-
 Good for development skills . I ordered this as a gift because it reminded me of F-P toys our children and grand-children have enjoyed .
 This is one of our favorite toys ! Our daughter has played with this since she was 5 months old -LRB- now 9 months -RRB- and still loves it . She can mix these items with other toys we have , like the stacking rings or put other balls or toys in the cups . She has n't started stacking them on her own but that will be another element of learning and play for later on top of learning colors and numbers . We also love this toy since it 's so easy to take with you . It is my `` go to '' toy for play dates or going out for a few hours when you might need something to entertain your kiddo . Everything stacks inside itself and you can just throw it in the diaper bag . It 's also super easy to clean . Overall I 'm so glad a friend gave us this toy - defintely a great buy !
 Very fun age appropriate . I know she will play with this for a very long time so much can be done with this toy
 We have n't had this too long , and the little one has so much fun with it . The cups stack and snap together , and also are a set of nesting cups too , the whole thing can be snapped up with the smallest ones forming a ball in the middle , all the way to the largest ones forming the ball on the outside . Worth the money .
 we 've been having lots of fun with this toy . my baby especially loves the smiley face ball . there are so many things you can do with it . stack , roll . love the bright colors . this toy has been getting lots of use and I think it will for a while
 This is the best toy ever ! No joke ! So much to do with these cups . You can stack them into a pyramid , make 5 balls with them and roll them , stick the little yellow ball inside one of the 5 balls and jiggle it and so much more . All my friends who come over have a ball with this toy as well.I got this for my son when he was around 7 months . . and he would just take the pieces in his mouth . Now at 9.5 months , he knows how to take the pyramid apart , and just absolutely loves the little yellow ball by itself . The colors are so bright and pretty and this will be a great toy for the bath as well.This toy will last well into the toddler years , as putting the balls together is quite difficult -LRB- it even took me a few attempts to get the hang of it -RRB- . That is the only reason I gave it 4 stars . I will wait and see a few months from now if my son figures out how to put the balls together.FYI
 We bought this toy for our grand son who is almost 5 months old . He is just beginning to sit up . He loves the smiley face ball that sits on top of the stack . He loves to topple the stack and listen to the sounds made by the cups . This is a versatile toy as you can stack them up as balls or balls and cups or only cups . When he is older he can stack them up by himself so it is going to be a favorite for a long time .
 My 8 months old daughter is always finding different ways to play with this toy . She has lots of fun with it !
 I bought these for my son because he loves to play with simple cups . He was about 9 months old at the time . They can be stacked as shown in the picture and they hold together in this form . You can also use them to form spheres by snapping the similar sized cups together . It is a tight hold and can not be broken except by an adult or older child . The little yellow ball is also a fun addition . His favorite `` use '' of the cups is to hit them against each other or against other objects .
 fun stacking toy for my 1 year old , very durable , great colors , and easy to stack or combine . my son actually likes it more in ball shape and laughs when you take the outside layer apart to reveal another ball -LRB- like those dolls that eat other dolls ... -RRB- , i 'm sure this would be a great tool for teaching color ... we 're just not quite there yet .
 My 14 month-old daughter plays with this toy every day ... and has since 6 months of age . Her older cousins love playing with it when they come over too . I love it because it does n't require batteries and is very easy to clean if it gets dirty . I would definitely suggest buying one !
 I wanted looked everywhere for some stackable cups . My sister-in-law found these . Awesome ! Not only do they stack , but you can make them in to balls as well . They are very durable , but my daughter has a little trouble pulling them apart sometimes . She plays with them almost everyday ! The little ball on top jingles . She carries that around all over , plus you can put it inside the balls and make the balls jingle too .
 We bought this thing for our daughter when she was maybe a year , she 's almost three and still plays with it . She can stack the cups , or nest them , or pair them up and make balls . The little yellow smiley head is nice too , makes a nice tinkle tinkle sound , and if you trap it inside a ball , well then , that 's REALLY cool . What 's not recommended is to pair all the cups into balls one inside the other like some kind of Russian doll , because let me tell you , they sure are tough to pull apart when they 're like that ... just a suggestion.The cups seem nigh unto indestructible as well , which is a plus .
 I gave 3 stars for educational because I have a 7 month old and all he wants to do is put everything in his mouth . he could care less about the numbers on them and he is n't able to put them together in a stack or in a ball yet . he likes thwoing them around and loves all the colors . Great !
 My beautiful niece loves toys which she can topple especially if they are stacked high . This was a great addition to her toys because she can also throw the cups which she really enjoys doing . Now that she is crawling we like to place the cups stacked together on the other side of the room and see her crawl which is such a joy . The rainbow mats keep her safe . It is so much fun because we can sit on the mats and have her crawl to different areas on the floor . The cups are not too heavy and she can put other toys in them . They are easy to pack up and take other places . Fun toy !
 Our 9 month old LOVES these cups . She 's enjoyed playing with them since she could sit up on her own and continues to find new ways to play with them . Currently , her favorite thing to do is bang them together to make noise ! Once she gets older , they can be used to help her learn colors and numbers . This is just a great product !
 My daughter is 4 months old and just started to really get into this toy . We stack it up and she likes to either kick it over or knock it over with her hands . This is one of those toys that will grow with your child.At 4 months , she 's kicking it over , picking up the pieces , feeling the textures on it , and looking at the face on the ball.When she 's a little older , she 'll be able to match up the shapes on the top of each piece , put the circles together , identify colors , and start learning about numbers.Who would have thought something so seemingly simple has so many educational properties !
 This is a great starter stacker for a little one . We bought it for our eight month old and she really enjoys playing with it . It stacks up easily but it also can be collapsed easily or made into a ball that 's easy to pack up and take along with you on trips .
 My daughter and I both love this toy . You can do so much with it ... stack it , make balls , hide small toys inside , learn numbers and colors!The best part is when you are done playing with it the clean up is easy . All the parts fit nicely inside each other.There are lot 's of baby toys on the market that you will take out of the box and play with once , but not this one !!! It 's a must have for young ones .
 My baby loves this toy ! She is 10 months old and received this as a Christmas gift . She loves banging the cups together and also loves chasing the yellow ball around on the floor . The toy is very educational because there are a lot of different ways you can stack the cups . I particularly love that the toy travels well - you can stack all of the cups into a compact ball that fits easily into the diaper bag for going over to Grandma 's , etc. . I have been pleasantly surprised by how much use we are getting out of this toy ! I definitely recommend it !
 I love this toy ! I have also given it as a gift to others because it is just so much fun . They stack , nest , snap together to make balls , and can be used in so many other ways . Pretend they are bowls and put play food in them , take them in the bath tub or sand table , or put cars under them and they become a garage . Because they snap into one ball they are pretty compact and easy to travel with ! Whenever we go to a friends house or on vacation with our boys -LRB- 5 and 3 -RRB- we bring these with us.Who does n't love a toy that is FUN , COMPACT , DURABLE , and EDUCATIONAL ! You can practice colors , numbers , big/small , even shapes ! Along the top of each cup there is a row of shapes stamped on them indicating which ones snap together to make a ball
 My son 's favorite toys are any kind of stacking/nesting cups , blocks , etc. . He loves these , but they are hard for him to manipulate . They click together to help the stack stay put , but he has to really pull to get them back apart . I do n't know if we got a defective set or if others have experienced this . He usually just brings them to me for help in pulling them apart.I would buy it again , because this is a great toy for us to sit on the floor and do together . Just be aware it 's not so great for independent exploration .
 We bought these for our 8 month old son as a Christmas gift . He played with them at the babysitters and loved them . They teach fundamental skills . The ball is great because it makes a jingly noise . There are so many ways to play with this toy as each cup can be stacked on top of each other , put together to make numerous balls , or stored all in one giant ball . They 're not as convenient to throw in the diaper bag as his other stacking cups because they take up a little more room . But it 's a great toy that does n't take up a lot of space at home . :-RRB- I highly recommend this toy , but suggest you shop around . We were able to get ours at a store for $ 8.99 which was almost $ 4 cheaper than we paid for them on Amazon .
 I wanted a toy for little hands that were just learning basic dexterity . This was a huge winner . Not only did she love manipulating the cups , playing with them as towers , and banging them together , the yellow shaky ball that comes with it became our daughter 's hands down favorite toy . For months we could not leave the house without yellow shaky ball . We could shake it from the other room to get her attention . She loves yellow shaky ball .
 This toy is really great for a 1 year old . It teaches things from size to color coordination , to counting -LRB- each level is marked with numbers 1 thru 10 -RRB- . I can be pilled up hight or nested like little bowls . Very educational toy for your child to learn about sizes , colors and counting .
 While we have other stacking toys , this one is definitely our favorite and the most fun . As you stack them , the pieces click together when pressed . They can also be nested into bowls when stacked the other way . But the thing about these that I love the most is that they can be made into balls . My son has hours of fun matching up two consecutive sizes and forming balls . He loves putting different toys inside and listening to the different sounds they make .
 I bought this for my 10 mos old . He is approaching year old now and still likes playing with it.Pros
 My daughter loves playing with this set of bowls ! She 's too small to be able to `` unclip '' them from each other still , but she 's working on it . This is mitigated by the fact that you can stack the bowls in many different ways ... smaller bowls do n't adhere as tightly to the really big ones . What I mean is , the # 6 bowl is n't so as hard for her to pull off the # 1 bowl as the # 2 bowl is . If you stack them upside down , smaller kids will love knocking the stack over and spreading the bowls out . She slides them around on the floor , bounces them off each other , and claps them together . She 'll sit and shake the little yellow ball thing for like 10 minutes without stopping , and she just sits and smiles the whole time . Also , the bowls each have holes in the bottom , and she can stick her tiny little fingers in there and grab them very easily ... she also has already figured out how to use them as mini-megaphones of sorts , and so she babbles into the holes and it 's hilarious because she loves hearing her voice get magnified . I would buy these again in a heartbeat ... just do n't run the little plastic ball through the dishwasher because it will fill up with water : -RRB-
 Bought this toy for my 7-month old . He really enjoys the rattling ball that was included , and has fun banging the cups on the floor . This is a great toy to grow with your child , as they will later learn to stack cups and bang them together .
 This is a toy that just does n't get old . I can start and end the day with this toy and she NEVER gets bored of it . the little yellow rattle ball gets her scooting across the floor , she loves it so much ! i wish i could find other toys like this - stands the test of time , grabs their attention for long periods of time , and developmental learning ... perfect toy .
 There are so many ways to play with this stacker ! You can stack them upside down and they click together so they do not fall apart , you can stack them all as bowls , or make 2 stacks using every other bowl which allows them to nest perfectly . The can also lock together to make 4 different sized balls . They have numbers on them to help with counting and are in rainbow order to teach colors . The little tiny topper is also a rattle . Each bowl is light and has a hole in the bottom which makes it easy for my 6 month old to grasp . I ca n't imagine a better stacking toy . I highly recommend this for any baby !!!
 This is a great great toy !! The one yr old I babysit got these for his first birthday almost 6 months ago and are STILL a favorite . He has a hard time pulling the green ones apart but he figured out that if he throws it on the floor it will break apart lol . We stack them , roll them , put them all into one big ball . put the tiny yellow ball inside . hide other toys inside . ENDLESS FUN
 This is a very versatile toy . It also stores very compactly , which is awesome for our small town home . Get over the fact that when all the balls are nested they are very hard to open and just view that as a storage feature . At 6 months , my baby boy just loved holding and shaking the balls -LRB- the hole makes them easy to grasp -RRB- . He got a little older and figured out how to pop the balls together -LRB- but not take them apart . - Sometimes I can hardly get them apart when they are all nested , which is why I docked a star -RRB- . He is now 16 months and really enjoys nesting them -LRB- like nesting cups -RRB- . When he 's bigger I bet he will like building towers and figuring out the numbers/serration . But I also think this toy deserves some credit for it 's flexibility . - It 's great for early symbolic and pretend play -LRB- e.g. wear the hemispheres as `` hats '' use them as `` bowls '' put them on a wooden spoon and it looks like the hilt of a sword , etc. -RRB- Working in early intervention , we would lay out the hemispheres in a row with objects or practice word cards hidden underneath for the little ones to discover -LRB- 2 year olds loved that ! -RRB- A good buy .
 My baby is only 6 months old so she does n't care for it yet , but I LOVE IT ! You can stack them . You can turn them into one ball or have multiple balls . Who thought of this product is a genius ! I was having a blast with this thing while my baby 's reaction was &#34; yeah , okay whatever . . i 'll just play with this box &#34;
 This was a big hit with the 8 month old I gave it to . It was also a hit with my 11 year old who had a blast stacking them ;-RRB- Great colors , sturdy construction and lots of different ways to play with ... all makes for a terrific , educational toy . Price was right , too .
 I just received this toy several days ago and my 8 month old loves it ! It 's colorful so you can teach your baby colors . It has numbers on it too , so when they get a bit older , you can also teach them numbers . But , the main part now is the fun playing with this toy . You can stack it different ways and put the halves together to make them balls . My baby loves rolling and chasing after them , especially the little yellow smiley face with the rattle noise . Not to mention , they make great chew toys ! Great buy so far !
 It 's very easy and simple toy , these seem to be the best for our baby as she tends to play with them the most . It stacks , can be turned into cups and balls as well , the cups somehow clip into each other so the ball does n't fall apart and can be thrown around . Plus she loves the face rattle .
 Exactly as pictured and described , very colorful and makes great noise . Fits together nicely . Its alot of fun and she loves it .
 These are so fun ! You can stack them up or put two half circles together to make a ball . I stick the smiley face inside a ball so my baby can shake it and hear the sound . I also take the half circles -LRB- not the smiley ball -RRB- for bath time as they dry fast and do n't retain any water -LRB- preventing mold like the squeeshy toys attracts -RRB- . They 're colored and numbered so it 's a great learning toy as well .
 My 6-month-old son loved this toy , and adores it still at 9 months . Nothing holds his attention longer . The previous review by J-lo described this toy perfectly . This is BY FAR the best toy value I 've found .
 After tiring of donating my plastic ware and measuring cups to my 14 months old for playware , I found this set by FP . They are incredible . The colors are bright , it stacks both from large to small and small to large . Each piece attaches to the next size piece to form a ball . They all nest as well . There are just so many ways to play with this toy . My son took to them instantly so I think I 'll get my kitchen items back :--RRB- . Estimated retail eight dollars . Update
 We have wood and tile floors in our house . The hard plastic on these bangs REALLY loudly when my son tosses them and they break apart . They are a clever design and the `` head '' ball I 'm convinced is the reason my sin started crawling ; he loved scooting , then crawling , and now running around after it . He 's 14 months now and can pull them apart when they are in a `` ball '' and put them back together with ease . I put it at the back of the shelf for a few weeks at a time and he rediscovers it with a new fascination each time . They snap on top of each other pretty tightly when it 's put together correctly , however , so I have to help him get them all apart initially . Maybe that 's another aspect of the toy he can grow into . This toy has been of interest to my son for longer than most , so I 'd say it 's a smart buy . The colors are great and it teaches fine and gross motor skills . I just wish is was slightly more rubbery material so the pieces would not crash so hard , also allowing for them to fit together more smoothly , some of them go together easy with a pretty loose fit , others are pretty tight . I would buy this toy again , I 'd just be sure to have a carpeted area for playing on !
 As a pediatric physical therapist , I use this toy almost daily in my practice . It is versatile and the kids love it . I now buy it for every new baby as my go to baby shower gift ! No batteries and lots of imagination ... the perfect toy for ages 1 to 3
 Length :
 We bought these cups for our daughter around 6 months when she mostly used them to teethe , but with each new stage she goes through , she learns a new and different way to play with them . I keep waiting for her to get tired of this toy , but a year later , it 's still her favorite . We travel a lot and we always take this one with us because it packs up into 1 ball that is easy to toss in a bag . One reviewer commented on how difficult it is for children to get the ball apart . That 's definitely true , however , its not a problem for us because we always dismantle it before giving it to her . The fun for her is in the stacking , nesting and putting the halves together to make balls .
 I say `` almost '' great because it 's just a wee bit too much . Although it 's very colorful , with varied hues not usually seen in baby toys , there seems to be just too many parts . Once they are all apart , unless the toddler is older or brilliant , mom will have to put it back together if she ever wants to see it together again . Because of the many pieces , it 's also easy to lose one or two . But it 's still a great variation on the classic pyramid stacking toy.I wrote that some time ago and now have two grandbabies playing with it . Jacob is now 22 months old and this has been his favorite toy for several months . Now baby sister , who is 10 months , loves it as well . So what if it never regains its original pyramid shape , a favorite toy is still a favorite toy . This one causes tussles between the two almost twins .
 This has been my 15-month-old son 's absolute FAVORITE toy since he was six months old . I 'm not sure why he 's so in love with it , but he is . He likes to slam the cups on our hardwood floors and they 've proved very durable -LRB- the cups ; not our floors -RRB- . He also adores the jingle ball that comes with the cups . I was afraid we 'd lose his precious cups and jingle ball , so I recently bought a second set . The newer ball has a different sound and the newer cups are more difficult for him to get apart , but it 's still a great toy . It 's also wonderful that the cups are so easy to wash .
 This toy is a must have for the average infant toy box . We got this one for our 3rd child and my only regret is that we did n't try it sooner ! It started around 6 months -LRB- chewing mostly -RRB- and even my 3 year old loves to play and stack these cups -LRB- or roll it to his sister ! -RRB- Overall , I highly recommend this for any infant toy box !
 We got this toy at a baby shower for my older son . He loved it from the moment he was able to grab things and still is engaged by it at the age of 3 . We passed it along to my niece but are looking forward to buying another one for our littlest one soon . It is SUPER durable , it has been thrown numerous times , not to mention being twisted and gnawed on . The play possibilities are endless - make a pyramid , make 5 spheres , make lop-sided spheres , use them as play plates , hats , cymbals ...
 that simple plastic balls would have so many uses ? I bought this toy for my youngest grandson on his first birthday , and he is now 17 months old . He has recently learned how to turn each half so they stay together . But he and his four year old brother use them for all sorts of things , even when they are not put together . They carry things in them , stack them up and put them on their heads as hats . < G > I appreciate the fact that each ball is numbered so I know I am putting them together right when I need to.This toy gives a lot of bang for your buck !
 This toy has so many possibilties
 This toy has lots of uses . It stacks into one ball or can be made into many different sized balls . It can stack , be used for hide and seek , etc.When my daughter was 6-9 months old , I would hide things under the halves and she would find them . She also would roll the balls . She loves the littlest ball with the face on it . She is 1 now and tries to stack them to form a mountain . We play all of kinds of games with them.The thing I do n't like is how hard it is to pull them apart . I 've seen adults struggle with it , so I wonder when my daughter will be able to do it . She sees me pull them apart and tries , but she is n't strong enough . I noticed other posters said their kids could pull them apart , so I 'm hopeful . I have two of this toy and one is at work and the kids there ca n't do it either.Overall , it is a great toy and I 'd recommend it .
 We got this when my daughter was around 7 to 8 months . I think this would have appealed to her at an earlier age , as well , because of the vibrant colors and the jingly yellow ball . She loved the yellow ball right off the bat and held it continually during playtime for the next few weeks . The ball seems to be the perfect size for little hands and is a cheery yellow with a smiley face and happy jingle . Soon she was also dumping the cups out of the plastic basket they are kept in , examining them , banging them together , and sometimes excitedly kicking and scattering a noisy pile of cups . Now at 11 months she has been starting to set them back in the basket , put toys in the cups , and nest them.I purchased this after reading all the high reviews and I was not disappointed . I love that this toy is so open ended . There are many things to do and it can grow with baby . The cups can be stacked up , nested within each other , and snapped into balls . They are fun to bang together and knock down -LRB- I stack them loosely -RRB- . Mom and Dad find lots of ways to use these , too . I like to make the bowls into boats the small stuffed animals sit in , put finger puppets in the holes , set them on our heads as hats , rub the ridged edges together , and make clip clop noises while clapping them together -LRB- Monty Python Holy Grail coconut style -RRB- . My husband showed her how to peek through the holes in the cups and also hides toys underneath them . When she is older , we can use the numbers that are molded into the sides of the cups . We can also name colors -LRB- they are in Roy G. Biv order -RRB- and match the different colored cups to other toys with the same color . I expect we will be using the stack and roll cups in some fashion for the next several months , at least.Out of the various toys so far this has probably been the one shown the most continual interest - meaning interest in playing with during one sitting and interest in over a period of time . Although toys that do things -LRB- speak , flash lights , etc. -RRB- are fun for a little while , I much prefer toys you do things * with * . If I were to choose a baby toy for a gift , this would very likely be it .
 My son has had these stacking cups/nesting balls since he was about 6 months old . He loved them then and he still loves to play with them now at almost 2 years . We use them to count to 10 , learn colors , shapes , stacking , memory , matching , etc. . It 's inexpensive too so you get a good deal for the price .
 I bought this toy for my 7 month old nephew . He absolutely loves it ! This toy is so versatile . Fun for adults and children . :-RRB- Very durable . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone with children .
 Lots of potential for this toy ... bought it as a traveling toy since it could be used in a variety of setting . Great in the tub and fun when made into balls . It was too tough for my kids to get a part on their own .
 My kids love this toy and so do I. I like that the cups are numbered . That makes them fun for even my almost 4-year-old since she can read the numbers and figure out how to stack them that way . Most stackers are too babyish for her but not these . It is really cool how these cups can be made into balls as well . My daughter likes to make them into 5 balls , put the jingle ball into one of them , and roll them all around the house . This is a really great choice for any kid under 4 . Even mom has a great time with this one .
 I bought this toy after reading some of the reviews here , and was not disappointed . My 15 m.o. son loves rolling the balls , and taking them apart and putting them back together again , and he usually gets tired of toys right away . Great toy !
 Who knew that an inexpensive -LSB- ... -RSB- toy could be so much fun ?! Like previous reviewers said , there are so many ways to play with this toy . I initially bought it for my 10 month old because she likes to stack things and knock them down . This toy does that and so much more ! We make balls out of the cups and we hide the jingle ball inside -LRB- I 'd pay -LSB- ... -RSB- just for that silly jingle ball she loves it so much ! -RRB- . We play peek-a-boo . We put the cup over our mouth and make loud babbling noises and listen to the sound magnify . We put the cups on our heads like silly hats . . She clanks two cups together like cymbols to make noise ... the list goes on and on . And when she 's older we can do color matching and counting -LRB- there 's numbers 1-10 on the cups -RRB- . Fun , fun , fun ... we love this toy !
 Bought several toys for my 8 month old niece and these are her favorite . She loves banging them together , knocking them over and especially likes the yellow ball that makes noise when shaking . One of her favorites . Easy for little hands to pick up since there is a hole in the middle . Highly recommend
 So many many ways to play !! I use this in my classroom with infants and constantly come up with new ways of playing .
 Our ten month-old grandson can not stop playing with these bowls . We babysat for him for a week and had many other toys available , but he gravitated toward the bowls . This will be my new `` go to '' gift for babies from now on .
 My son loves his stacking cups . They are colorful , educational , and have many uses . You can stack them , nest them , click two cups together to make a ball , you can further nest the balls inside each other for peekaboo play . Love , love , love this set .
 So many ways to play !!! It 's true -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Son likes it very much , even the ball in the top alone -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- It 's big enough and high , comfortable to take parts . Buy it ! -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 My 13 month son has had this toy for 6 months now and still loves it . Hes too young to grasp the counting/stacking concept , but he LOVES to roll and scoot them around the floor . I put them in to ball shapes and he will roll them around for 20-25 minutes at one time , which is about 1 hour in 13 month old time ! He also loves to pick them up and slap them on the hard floor to make the noise and clacking sound . This is a wonderful toy and well made with bright vivid colors .
 We bought this toy for my son when he turn 12 months and we needed to entertain him in a long flight . As soon as we open the toy in the plane , he was very curious and entertain by it . It made the trip more enjoyable and he was busy figuring it out . Now he is 17 months and it has been his favorite toy other than the building blocks . He uses it to stack other toys into the balls and in many other different ways . Plus , the toy does n't cost a lot !
 My 8 month old daughter loved this the moment I got it out of the package -LRB- and cleaned it off -RRB- . She can easily handle the pieces and likes knocking them over when I stack them . She even mastered rolling the ball it makes when all put together back and forth with me . I really see it as a toy that can grow with her .
 My son loves this toy . It was a gift for his 1st birthday . He loves to either bang two cups together or take two pieces and make a ball , then pull it apart , then make a ball again , then pull it apart ... over and over :-RRB- I will often stack them up in order and he then pulls the tower apart . He has tons of fun with this toy . It has nice , bright colors . And he also likes the jingle-ball head that goes on top of the tower -- though that 's rarely where it is , he just likes to jingle it . I 'd definitely recommend this .
 Out of all of the nesting bowls I researched , I found this one through Amazon and it is perfect . There are so many different things you can do with this cups , that it is like having different toys in one . And the little yellow ball on top , rattles and my son loves to shake it and roll it along the floor . Definitley recommend !
 What kid does n't love to push over a stack of brightly colored cups ?! During Christmas travel , this became the toy taken along in the suitcase because it all fits together in a nice compact ball . Great design !
 It is not only a learning toy but entertains my child . I did make the mistake of putting it in the sterilizer which warped them but Fisher Price stands by their product and sent me a new one immediately ! Would definitely recommend to friends and family .
 I just love these stack and roll cups . I purchased 4 ! One for each of the little people on my list . They stack , and they also nest together to form one giant ball or many smaller balls . So many educational aspects with this fun little gift ! I HIGHLY recommend !!
 Can be stacked or made into balls to roll . Colors and numbers can also be taught . The yellow smiling face ball at the top has also been a lot of fun for my one year old . Great buy !
 We bought this set for our 11 month old son . It seems to be a great learning toy . We just gave it to him a couple of days ago , but he was instantly interested in the bright colored cups and the ball that rattles . I think he is really going to enjoy playing with these .
 My baby received this last night as a gift at a Christmas party and it was such a huge hit ! There were 3 little ones there and they all wanted to play with this over the other toys available . All the other reviewers covered the many fun ways to play with it , so I 'll just echo them . This is a great toy ! If you like it , you might like this wood stacker , it 's amazing . My son now has both and it 's hard to pick a favorite , I know he 's going to get a ton of use out of both!Plan Toys Cone Sorting
 For a small price this toy packs a big punch in play value . This is the kind of toy I search for and seldom find in the sea of blinking lights , music , and talking toys that fill the shelves for this age group . These half rounds stack , nest , and snap together into balls that small toys or treats can be hidden in for further interest . The rainbow colors and numbers add to the educational value . Children can scoop and pour water , or sand , in tub , pool and sandbox . The whole thing nests into the largest half for a compact toy that easily can go traveling or to the doctor 's office . I 'm making sure all my young grandchildren have this toy to play with .
 This is a great stacking set . I think everyone else covered it well in the other reviews , it 's a lot of bang for the buck !
 This set of Stack and Roll Cups is no simple toy . My twin 10 month olds can work silently for some time handling these cups . I honestly think the geometry of this toy has mesmerized them both . The cups have so many different sizes , each with it 's own color and potentials to fit with the others in different ways.Of all the toys my babies have , this is the one they 'll play quitely with . They do n't need or want me there while they do whatever it is that they are doing with theses stack and roll cups . Clearly they are using mental facilities , so I count this as a particularly educational toy . There are no batteries or gimmicks to get their attention.One bonus of the set is the toy head that jingles when they shake it . They like to grab the head and shake it while they think . It 's cute . I can tell there 's plenty of potential left for them since stacking is something they 'll have to learn . Unstacking them thus far takes most of their time , with some pre-stacking activities blooming.This might be the one toy I 'd insist on the most since it allows your baby to do things while tuning you out . They need something that this toy fulfills . Plus , I think the price is quite reasonable .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 4 months old . Of all the toys with batteries and lights , this is one of her favorites . She can not stack them or put them together yet , but she loves them all the same . I help her put them together and take them apart . She can hold the ball or just one cup at a time . I think the bright colors and the easy to hold design are the best parts.I highly recommend this toy .
 We got these at a store as an afterthought while shopping for other toys ... what luck ! The other reviews have said it all but again these are so versatile , clever , and fun . So many things to do ! We have an 11 month old now and these will grow with him , and mom and dad are entertained finding new stuff to do with them , too ! Great developmentally - stacking , nesting , object permanence -LRB- with hiding things under and in -RRB- , tossing and banging , and will be colors and numbers , later . Also great in the water or in sand.All around simple , ingenious fun !
 This is a great toy . There are so many ways to play with it . We will be using this one for a long time .
 Got these as a gift for our 9 month old boy . Seems like both Daddy and baby have equal amounts of fun with these great stackable cups . You can stack them into a tower in or out of order . You can click them together into balls in many combinations . Baby seems to love the bright colors and he plays with them endlessly . A very solid and simple design .
 This is a great stacking toy , and I have two kids and a lot of plastic baby stuff , so I have basis for comparison . It 's very cleverly designed , so there are many versatile play options . You can stack the bowls into a tower , nest them inside each other , or fit two halves together to form spheres to roll around . Both my 10 month old and my 3 year old are interested in it and can use it in various ways . The pieces are colorful and appealing , and easy for baby hands to pick up -LRB- facilitated by the hole at the top of the domes , which allows a grip similar to a bowling ball -RRB- . I can see this being in rotation for quite a while . Bonus - no batteries , flashing lights , or excessive noisiness !
 So much packed into this basic , colorful toy ! It far exceded my expectations . I love that you can nest the cups , stack them up , put them together as balls and hide stuff in them , use them as `` bowls '' or `` hats '' , jingle the ball around inside them , wobble and tip them around , play a `` throw the ball inside the cup '' game . Those are just the ways we have played with these ! My 7 mo old likes to watch us play with them and put them to her mouth . They are educational in that they teach coordination , dexterity , counting , colors , activity games , etc. . I think we 'll be using these for years to come ! GOod job FIsher Price - it 's a nice break from all their `` sounds and lights '' toys that are so popular , but have little imagination to them .
 I purchased this for my son when he was 3 1/2 as a reward type toy . I give him a cup and when he gets the ball on the top , he gets a reward . He loves this ! He counts all the numbers over and over again each day , reading them from the front of the cup at the same time . He remembers what number he is at and asks for the next number . He just turned 4 years old . We still use this . He gets pretty excited when he gets the ball on top !
 My 11 month old son absolutely loves these stacking cups . The smiley face rattle ball is probably one of his favorites out of all of his toys . Who would have guessed that you could have hours of fun with such a simple toy . Forget about all the expensive toys that light up and do nothing but consume harmful batteries . This is all a baby really needs to keep their attention , at least for a while .
 STACK AND ROLL CUPSMy 14 month old grand-daughter AND her grandma LOVE this toy ! We have spent many happy hours playing with these fantastic little cups ! I would love to meet the genius who invented these.This toy can do a multitude of things -- you can stack them , roll them , put fun stuff inside , put them together ! When they are together , we roll them , stack them , spin them , throw them ! Paige runs around the house , holding two of them ! She loves to bang them together ! What FUN !!! The colors are bright , the cups have special little designs on each one , along with numbers too . They are durable and withstand little hands , feet , even rear ends!This is one of my favorite toys to play with . I have started purchasing these as baby gifts for friends . The ways you can entertain with these stack and roll cups are numerous ; Paige and I constantly find ways to have fun with these . One of our favorite ways to play with these cups is to take them apart and place them side-by-side on the floor . They look so pretty ! Then , we take little rubber ducks and sit them on top of each cup . Now , this is fun!It is also fun to SNAP !!! these cups together , they inter-mingle and can fit together with other sizes nicely . The SNAP !!!! sound seems to make a funny impression on toddlers!Get some of these cups for the babies in your life . You will all have a great time . Not only are they FUN , but they serve as an educational tool with the different colors , designs , and numbers . Babies will not even know they are learning because they are having so much fun !!! Thank you!Pam
 This would make it on my top five list of toys for a toddler . There seem to be an infinite number of ways to play with these -- the cups can be stacked in different ways , with handy ridges that allow each size to fit on any of the larger sizes and stay together ; they can be put together to make 5 different balls , nested , and any combination of these things -LRB- my older kids like nesting the balls inside eachother -RRB- . Since each one has a hole they are easy for my 15 month old to grab , and now she has discovered that after you snap them together as balls , they make a cool sound when you talk through one end . Even my 6 and 8 year old boys enjoy finding new things to do with these cups . We like rolling and stacking the balls after they 're made , putting various small toys inside each ball and peeking in to see them , and just stacking the cups in different ways . Sometimes they are cups or bowls for pretend eating or drinking . Or they 're hats , or telescopes . The colors are beautiful , and we have n't even started exploring the numbers/shapes on them yet . They also feel indestructible . I love that the whole toy , when nested together , takes up little space . This is one excellently crafted , well-designed toy that encourages creativity and good fun , with an infinite number of uses for the imaginative kid .
 I got this before my son was born and he first used it he when was about 5 months old . He liked banging the cups together . The yellow jingly ball for the top is one of his favorite things to carry around the house . He is a year now , and is figuring out how to stack the cups . He also has enjoyed rolling the balls , spinning the balls , and shaking the balls , with other items inside to make rattles . The cups are indestructable and are fun to use everywhere , including the bath tub and kiddie pool . Definitely a great toy , that is well worth the money for many hours of creative fun and learning .
 I love that these bowls stack , nest , connect as balls , and I love the colors . I got these for my daughter when she was about 8 months , and now she 's 14 months old . She does not play with them on her own as much as I thought she would , which is why I gave it 4 not 5 stars . I think these would be great for kids a bit older who get the stacking concept -- you really have to push them together to get them to stack big to small . She loves the Jingle smile face ball and will grab that the most . She also loves to roll around the balls when they are put together more than anything else.There is a hole in every piece , which are great for baby fingers to grab on to . She can easily hold even the largest piece . The downside of the holes is that they do n't hold water for pouring in the bathtub , but she still likes to play with them a lot in the tub.They are very durable ; they have withstood many throws and drum hits on our hardwood floor.Educational uses
 Well , I only paid about $ 5 for this at a local coat outlet store , and I doubt that I would have paid the $ 17 Amazon is asking , but after having owned this toy , I can assure prospective buyers that this is actually well worth it . It 's pretty straight forward
 This is a wonderful toy . I loved it because it could be put all together into one or two compact balls and fit in the diaper bag . Then take it out and it 's a stacking toy , a counting toy , a color toy , a rattle -LRB- the yellow smiley ball rattles/jingles -RRB- , and a set of balls -LRB- it forms five different sized balls -RRB- ! It 's great.At 6 months my babies liked chewing on it and banging the pieces together and rattling the yellow ball . A little later my son enjoyed stacking the bowls and rolling the balls.A little older and it was all about the different ways to stack the bowls and put the balls together . Then he hid the balls inside one another.Now at 4 1/2 years , he likes to line up the numbers and count down as well as hide other toys underneath `` capturing '' them . -LRB- I had to buy a second set for my youngest because my preschooler still plays with these all the time -RRB- . When I passed this on to my youngest , I did my standard recall check online -- no recalls on this one , but I noticed that a different company had a variation on this that was recalled -- the problem with the recalled toy was that the babies used the bowls to cover their nose and mouth and could n't breath -- that is NOT an issue with this toy as each bowl has a large hole in the bottom -LRB- that 's what the ball is rests on when stacked in tower form like in the picture -RRB- , so suffocation is NOT an issue with this toy.When the bowls are made into balls , the balls are pretty easy for adults , preschoolers and older toddlers to get apart when not nested because you can get a better grip by sticking your fingers into the holes and pulling . They wo n't pull apart or fall apart when played with by a baby -- even after 4 years of rough play.My only complaint is that when you nest everything together it 's very hard to take apart . My solution was to nest into two sets -- alternating sizes . To elaborate
 We 've only owned this toy for a few days but so far it 's been a hit . My ten month old loves the ball that comes with it and my five year old likes playing with the stackers . Seems like it will be very durable . The only downside is constantly picking up the many seperate pieces that end up all over the house !
 Yes , there are already multiple reviews of the Stack and Roll cups , but I just wanted to add my voice to the chorus . I like how the item is compactly packed which lets the purchaser see how easily and compacly the toy can be stored.Here 's an item with multiple uses and multiple attractions for one 's baby . It can be used to practice eye-hand coordination and teach colors and numbers . The cups can be stacked or attached in pairs to make rolling balls . Putting something like the smiley ball inside adds the element of sound.We are very pleased with the Stack and Roll cups as our little grandson who loves it .
 As others have said , this toy set is extremely versatile ; you can do so much with the cups that it is one of the few toys I leave out all the time -LRB- I rotate my 16-month-old son 's toys so neither of us gets bored -RRB- . Highly recommended as a baby gift , as it 's not immediately evident how useful this set is if you just see it in a store , so I probably would never have purchased it myself .
 My 13 month old got these from my parents from Easter . Awesome toy ! He plays with them for a long time at once and NO BATTERIES ! : -RRB-
 Got this as a gift for a toddler and she loves it ! She likes to make different shaped balls and roll them across the floor then chase it ! so cute ! plus they all fit together for easy transport . really good toy
 We did NOT expect this toy to be the blast that it has been ! It was the first official toy for our daughter to show so much interest in at the ripe old age of 4.5 / 5 months old.My sister had told me to register for stacking cups and this was the closest thing that I could find at the time . My daughter LOVES the jingle ball with the face on it . She cracks up when we make a ball out of two bowls and pretend they are a horn -LRB- as they have a hole in the bottom of each bowl -RRB- . She is 8 months old now and we are still enjoying them.Some reviewers have said that the bowls do not stack evenly . I 'm guessing that this is user error as they are MADE to click together.Good times on this one !
 We received this toy when my third child was born and have had it about 3 years . We now also have a fourth child and this toy gets played with A LOT ! Many ways to play , if you are thinking about it , get it !
 Sturdy , well-made , beautifully colored and multi-purpose . Easy to hold , interesting textures and infinite variations of what can be done with them . An all around great toy for little ones -LRB- my daughter has been playing with these since about 9 months old . -RRB-
 I purchased this toy for my 7 month old Granddaughter and she loves it . She 'll get a lot of enjoyment playing with it for many months , even years to come . Her favorite thing about it right now is the little jungle ball , and smashing the cups into one another . As time goes on , she 'll learn to stack them in many different ways , learn the colors , size them smallest to biggest , and how to count them . This toy is just too cute ! So glad to have it for her when I babysit . Very entertaining and educational toy .
 I LOVE this toy !! I had come across it in my job working with toddlers in their homes and I loved it so much I registered for it for my baby . It is so simple yet infants and toddlers ca n't seem to get enough of it . My daughter has been fascinated by this toy since she was about 5 months old . She absolutely loves the rattle ball in the middle . She likes to take them apart when I put them together into balls . It stores nicely with all the pieces nested into one ball . My daughter loves the anticipation of getting to the rattle ball as we take apart each layer . Now at almost 13 months she has just started putting the balls together . She seems to be aware which colors go together . There are so many ways to play with this toy it really grows with them . I can see her enjoying stacking them in size order in the future .
 I swear , I 'm going to put together a video review of this toy showing all the ways it can be stacked and assembled . Click the cups into balls , stack the cups , nest them , all in a ton of combinations . My 10-month-old is in love with the colors and hiding the smiley face inside or under a cup . The design is simple and genius . The only way this toy could be better is if it were certified BPA free and made in the U.S. , but it 's still pretty awesome .
 I received this stacker cup set as a gift for at the time my 4 month old daughter so she kind of grew up with it . We use to put the head piece in one of the larger sets and roll it around and make the `` cups '' into balls when she was younger to roll around . She now stacks it but I can see that the love for the toy is wearing off since she is older.It is a very durable toy , easy to pack to travel , easy to clean and versatile .
 I bought this for my one year old and she loved it from the second I took it out of the box . She loves stacking things and rolling balls around - it 's easy to snap together 2 pieces to make a ball and also easy to take apart the 2 pieces -LRB- although the smallest ones are a bit tougher -RRB- . It serves multi-purposes and my daughter is still fascinated by it !
 I bought these for my 15 month old and it was probably the best toy I could have invested in . They are great for development at this age and up . My daughter litterally played with them for hours the first night we opened them -LRB- which was just last night -RRB- . We lost one of the bowls in the house and made a game out of looking for it . She got so excited when we finally found it in a random box that she had put it in . I love that you can do so many different things with them . These will be traveling with us on our upcoming 13 hour road trip . Overall a great buy . I actually got them from Wal-Mart though because they were cheaper there . FYI !
 I 've had this toy for almost 2 years . My daughter received it as a gift for her first birthday . All the other reviews are correct , it can be played with in so many different ways , stacked , balls , cups , etc. . My daughter is now 3 and I have another daughter who is 1 . They both play with it a ton . Great toy !
 We started using this toy at 4 months in the ball form . Each one of the five balls is a different color and size ; great for rolling . By 7 months we could pull them apart so mommy was able to hide smaller balls or other toys inside them . Now we are 10 months and we can stack the tower and pull it apart . We still like playing them in all the other ways we just do n't always need mommy 's help.FYI
 This is possibly the most creative baby toy ever . These cups snap together in so many different ways ! My son loves to play with these . There are ten cups , each slightly smaller than the one before . They can snap together to make various balls or stack in various orders . They all nest nicely inside of each other as well . Very creative .
 We have an 11 month old baby girl and she has played with this since she has been able to sit up . I consider this one of her `` stock toys '' . Whenever we go somewhere and take toys this comes with us . I am surprised that others gave it a bad review . Our baby can stack them , create balls out of them , swirl the ball in the cups , pass the ball back and forth between cups and stack the ball on top just like the picture shows . However my wife and I spent a long time - teaching - our child how to do these things . It is still exciting to watch her hold a cup in one hand - the yellow ball inside - and her little hand swirling it around . -LRB- I taught her that ! -RRB-
 The toy is well made and stays fun for kids for a long time . My daughter started playing with the toy at around 6 months and still likes to play with it -LRB- 20 months -RRB- . As she learns new things she learns new ways to play with the toy -LRB- like stacking in order -RRB- . The toy can be stacked like in the picture or two pieces can be snapped together into a ball .
 This particular toy has been played with for a very long time . From 6 months old on this is played with almost daily . It is very educational for the following reasons
 What a great toy ! They have combined so many learning stages into something that can be used all along the way . My little guy -LRB- almost 9 months -RRB- loves it when I put the topper inside a ball and he chases it around the house . I love that it will stack , nest , count , works on colors and numbers , and turns into balls they can roll around . And as he gets older and is ready for more advanced play and learning this will grow with him and keep him challenged . Very smart idea . I have recommended this to all my friends and family for their kids . Excellent buy !
 These stacking cups are an amazing addition to my son 's arsenal of awesome , super-toys ! They do so many things , from stacking end on end to interlocking with each other into plastic balls . Plus , they make LOTS of noise ! As a father who appreciates loud banging sounds , my wife was pleased to see that I 'd taught our one year old , Kieran , to make lots of noise!Kieran is learning assembly and is starting to appreciate problem solving , and gets frustrated when things do n't quite go his way . One of the great things about this toy set is that there are so many of them , his frustration is often short lived as he goes to another pair of plastic bowls , realizing that they fit together too , or even discovering that the bowls fit together as a stacking set instead of a ball assembly set ! As he learns how objects like this fit together , he is also learning how to negotiate the challenge . Daddy loves that ! As an added bonus , they work great as object hiding/discovery toys . `` Stuff '' fits great inside them , from snacks to the occasional toy cow from a later-to-mention Fisher-Price Little People Set . Also , playing hide-the-rattle is fun under the cups when laid out on the table or floor.I ca n't forget to mention durability . Between my son and I , these things have been tossed , crunched , sat on , left at friend 's houses for days on end . They are quite resilient!As a negative goes , at least from our end , all Kieran 's friends love to mess with the stacking cups so occasionally one goes missing . That 's about it though!As I write this , I have the two biggest pieces of the toy set next to me , and regularly pick them up and mess with their order . Either they 're intellectually stimulating ... Or I 'm a big kid . Probably both.In short , I 'm not sure about INFINITE from adult viewpoints as far as uses go -LRB- referencing other reviews -RRB- , but I am convinced that any little guy or gal can come up with around a million ideas !
 These stacking cups provide hours of fun for both baby and parents . They stack in all different ways and you can snap 2 together to make a ball . The yellow ball has a bell inside that makes noise that is great fun when used together with the cups . Our son started playing with these when he was about 5 months old and has n't grown tired of them 2 months later . He also loves chewing on them and hitting them together . He is n't old enough to stack them or snap them together , so I foresee many more months of fun and use .
 Amidst the sea of registered character toys , lights ! , sounds ! , action ! toys made by Fisher Price we happened to spy this little gem in the store one day . My youngest was still a baby then , and this toy was even cheaper than it is now . We bought it right away - simple toys are so hard to find ! To this day it is much-loved by my now four year old and her younger two year old sister.It 's been stacked and nested ; all the balls will sit inside one another , each successive half making a satisfying ` click ' as it locks into place ; the end result is a red/orange ball - with all the other pieces hidden inside . The individual balls have been used as a place to hide treasures , or to ` wrap ' gifts which are then presented to mom and dad . The halves have been used as bowls in kitchen play and as hats . And , I have to be honest , I 've lost track of how very many different ways this toy has been played with . The cat even bats around the little yellow ball - which rattles when shaken.The plastic this toy is made of is very hard and very durable . It 's not been treated gently in the past few years , seems I recall the halves once being used as shoes , but you 'd never know it to look at it . There is no paint , save for the face on the yellow ball . What I 'm getting at with that is that I think it 's a pretty safe toy . It 's clearly not made of PVC , and without surface paint it does n't pose much of a risk in terms of toxins that will come off in a young child 's mouth.Bottom line
 This toy has more functions than you can imagine ! We kept finding different ways to stack/assemble/play with the cups for several weeks after we got it . My 9 month old as well as my 3 year old have enjoyed playing with it !
 This is obviously a simple concept -- a bunch of interlocking cups of various colors that make up a tower . No bells and whistles here . -LRB- Well , one bell , but I 'll get to that -RRB- . But there 's a reason that the classic toys are classics . Both of my boys -LRB- currently 9 months old -RRB- love these stacking cups . They 're not yet at the stacking phase , so there 's room for this toy to grow with them . But currently , they love picking up the cups , clanging them together , and occasionally putting things in them . -LRB- Putting a cup on their head always elicits a smile also , for some reason -RRB- . But the real suprise hit is the little yellow ball . They are obsessed with this thing . The crawler will chase all over to get it . -LRB- And the non-crawler is desperately sad when it rolls out of his reach -RRB- . I guess it 's a glorified cat toy , really . But , hey , whatever works .
 I bought these for my son 's first birthday . Over time he has found numerous ways to play with them , on his own and with adults . At first he was only interested in the jingle ball , which lasted a week or more . His father and I made them into balls and rolled them around which drew his attention , especially if the jingle ball was inside one of the larger balls . As we demonstrated opening and closing the balls he became curious about that and soon learned to place one half atop another as we held the base . Next he learned to click the two pieces together on his own . It seems like every week , and sometimes every day , he discovers a new use for these colorful cups
 This is such a diverse toy . Your little one can stack them , nest them together or make balls out of them . My one year old loves to take them apart and then put them back together -LRB- with Mom or Dad 's help of course -RRB- . They are inexpensive and very durable . Best toy buy ever !!!
 This is a great toy ! I bought it after reading many other positive reviews and could n't agree more . Both my 7 month old daugher and my two year old son like to play with it . I especially like that there are so many different uses for just one toy -LRB- stacking , nesting , making it into balls -RRB- . If you 're looking for a stacking type toy I would definitely recommend this one !
 I bought this for my 10 month old son and his 4 year old sister loves it too . They stack , make balls , nest inside each other for easy storage . They also have number printed on them for easy stacking for the older ones . Great imaginative play and very durable . Great price for it too .
 To my surprise , this simple toy becomes my eight-month-old son 's favorite , it 's easy for the baby to grab , and he can play with it alone for quite a while.Definitely recommend this toy .
 I just purchased these after seeing them at a playgroup . My son , 19 months , loves playing with these stacking cups . He was quick to discover which color cups go together to form a ball . He does n't care about actually stacking the cups only about making the five balls . Great toy .
 My kid got these stacking cups as a baby and she still plays with them as a 3 yr old . A + in my book .
 This is a learning , having fun , laughing toy which can be used in so many ways . Stack them upsidedown , color by color individually , or just load and unload them . Watch your baby learn and grow !
 I think these stacking/nesting cups are a brilliant design for little kids -LRB- and big ones , too ! -RRB- I love that there are so many things you can do with them ... - Stack into a single tower - Stack into two towers -LRB- odd number/even number towers -RRB- - Snap into five different-shaped balls - Nest all cups inside the largest-sized ball for convenient size/storage - Nest all cups into one stack - Or just let your toddler enjoy banging them on each other/everything else - My one year-old is happy just playing with the little yellow ball , too!My one year-old loves these and I admit , that I enjoy playing with them , too . It 'll be a nice toy to have around when she starts learning numbers -LRB- or even greater integer specifics such as odd/even numbers -RRB- . The colorful cups are beautiful and pattern nicely when stacked up.My biggest complaint would be the type of plastic used . It seems very hard -LRB- it 's very loud when baby is banging them on hardwood floors -RRB- . I 'm a bit concerned that because the plastic seems so brittle , that it might be pretty easy for my child to break or crack one of these later on by accident . They 've held up just fine so far , but she 's still young . My other complaint is that at first the cups would snap together so tightly , even I struggled to get them apart at times . Of course , now , after less than a month of use , some of them snap so loosely , they hardly stay together at all . Small price to pay for such a neat toy , though .
 I bought this for my 2 year old who LOVED it . . she will sit on the floor for hours pulling the ball apart stacking it and then trying to put it all back together . It can be a little harder at times to pull apart for her so she does sometimes need help but once you loosen it up it 's awesome . .
 We received this toy as a baby gift & we love it ! Our baby started really showing interest at about 9 months and it 's his favorite . It can be nested balls , many balls , stacking toy , or just take a few along in the diaper bag for toys on the go . We love it so much that we have purchased more for grandparents ' houses and also give these as gifts for other babies .
 So far I love this toy.My 5 month old is a bit too young for the stacking part but he loves watching me stack them so he can proceed to punching in the stack and have them roll all over the place . He really loves the little rattle yellow ball at this point . I put it in one of the smaller cup and he has a lot of fun with just that at this point . Looking forward to using this toy to the full extent of its capability as my son gets more coordinated .
 I like it , haha . this cup have many play . You can use it to teach baby learning big and small , or make a doll , or learn to identify and sort colors , and numbers.Suitable for more than 1 year old baby , my daughter is 9 months , too small to play
 This toy is pretty neat , you can stack them up just like the picture or you can create 5 balls or one ball just like a Matryoshka doll .
 I bought this for my 7 month old son by mistake . I almost sent it back , but I am so glad I did n't . He absolutely loves this toy !! Another Fisher-Price home-run !
 My girls are 9 months old and still a little young for this toy , but they do love all the cups put together into the rolling balls . Plus , the small yellow ball has a jingle that they love.Some cool things about this toy : - The colors go in rainbow order -LRB- ROYGBV -RRB- - Educational numbers-Each matching set that makes a ball has matching symbols on the outside of the cup -LRB- stars , squares , circles , etc -RRB- so that it makes it easier to snap them together . I 'm looking forward to my kids playing the matching game and putting all the cups together with the matching cup!The only thing I do n't like is that its really hard to put them all inside of each other and make one big giant red ball -LRB- looks just like the Pokemon ball -RRB- for storage . I feel really stupid saying that , but I can never figure out why they do n't all fit inside -- I 've tried snapping them different ways and it takes forever to get it right !
 I really appreciate this toy for a number of reasons . One is that when your child -LRB- or you -RRB- stack them from largest to smallest , the colors go in chromatic order -LRB- The order of the color wheel or rainbow -RRB- . The numbers are also nice and will provide another level for child development as they get older . I also like that you can create balls and other stacking patterns . This creates some open ended play . It is also durable and washable . However , what I like about it the most is that it is not electronic . It is a simple , straight-forward toy that will help your babies brain develop . We live in a world where all of us , especially children are over stimulated much of the time , and toys seem to be all heading in that direction . This is a nice toy . Get down on the floor and play with it with your child . Say the names of the colors , count them , make large and small balls , roll them around . We have gotten a lot of enjoyment from this toy .
 it is a christmas present for my great-grandchild so he has not received it yet . But he is advanced for his age and I am sure he will like playing with it . the price was just right .
 If my baby loves it , I love it too hahaHe plays happilly while I am &#34; free &#34; to play myself .
 These stack and stick together or you can stack them without attaching them so they can be knocked down . They are hard so be careful if they like to bonk themselves in the head . The yellow smiley ball is the best because it is a shaker . You can put it inside two cuts when you make them into a ball . You can make a few balls with the cups . Very versatile toy with great colors and numbers on them to teach them as they get older .
 Its great . My 8 minths old loges it ! There is so many ways to play with it or even just make a noise !
 This toy is so simple , yet , amazingly well-designed . It not only stacks up like a tower , but also can be a set of nesting bowls to learn how things fit inside one another , plus 2-by-2 they snap into a set of 5 balls to roll around , or - to throw in the diaper bag they all snap together like Russian Dolls to store compactly as one ball . The little face on the yellow ball is SO CUTE , it has this precious little smirk , with lots of personality -LRB- not your typical generic smiley -RRB- and the fine rattle inside it is mesmerizing . The bowls are easy to grasp and satisfying to clack together to make noise . Our 8 month old LOVES this , and my husband loves it about twice as much ! Only complaint is that it 's sometimes hard to get the pieces apart once snapped together , but , I 'd rather that than they do n't stay connected ! Awesome toy .
 Our 7 months old love to play with this toy . She likes to hold the cup and roll the ball . She is also in love with the rattle head . She is n't able to stack them yet though . I personally love the versatility of this stacking toy . You get a staking -LRB- it all shape and form -RRB- and balls ... lots of them . I love that you can stack the cup in different way . Really well thought of .
 My daughters love stacking these and making balls out of them . My older daughter learned how to count with them as well as learned her colors .
 My son loves this stacker toy . It 's one of the few toys that he does n't get bored with . We practice counting , and he is starting to learn stacking , and we will also put two halves together -LRB- to form a ball -RRB- and roll those around the living room . He is just now starting to roll it back to me . Or roll it at the dog . lolThere are a lot of pieces , so it 's pretty easy to lose track of them . This will either drive you crazy , or you will learn to live with it . When stacked the cups tend to stick together a little too well , so your little one may need help unstacking them . Overall it 's a great toy , and I 'm glad I bought it .
 Why is this toy soooo appealing to my kids ?? We got this toy for my , then , 6 month old baby girl and a year and a half later this thing still gets playtime . My older kids -LRB- 4 & 6 -RRB- will even play with it for a bit at a time . -LRB- ex
 This is a great sounding cowbell !! I used this cowbell in my classes to help demonstrate MI theory . Students -LRB- college -RRB- love it !
 This product arrived quickly . It was exactly what I wanted , I 'm extremely pleased . It was packaged well , and was in perfect shape when it got here .
 This new line of matoran are by far the best lego can offer !!! Kudos Lego !!!
 I bought this toy thinking , `` well , it plays music ... maybe it will keep my son occupied . '' He loves it ! He spins the tummy wheel over and over again ! You may find yourself humming the music at times like I do ! There is an on/off switch in the back so you do n't wear the battery down , and also 2 volume levels so you can set it to loud or soft . Luke 's face lights up every time I bring it out . It does n't bounce or do tricks , but the tummy lights up and plays music when you spin it , and my 8-month old can play for ever with it ! Any child who loves to spin things or play with balls will have a blast with this little elephant ... it even sings 2 bedtime songs . The singing voice is very soft and gentle , making it even more appealing . For the price , it is definitely worth purchasing .
 I have two boys ... one is 8 months old and the other is nearly 3 years old . My 8 month old recieved this for christmas and absolutely loves it . My three year old plays with it too , whenever he can get his hands on it . The music is light and simple , nothing too annoying . The little voice is so cute ! I plan on buying the lion version of this toy as well ... I am sure they will love it just as much ... Great toy !
 My 10 month old son loved this when I first bought it and plays with it every day . He 's played it so much that he 'll roll the barrel until one of his 2 favorite songs comes on and then he dances ... very sweet .
 My son received this for xmas when he was 18 mos and loves it . We keep it in his crib and he is always playing with it . He wont go to sleep unless he hears his elephant .
 We got this for my daughter when she was 6 months old . She learned quickly how to roll the tummy to play music . A year later , she still plays with this toy . Although it does n't do much -LRB- it lights up and plays music -RRB- , she seems to like it . We keep it in the car now , and it has gotten us through some tough car rides . The songs are cute - my husband and I find ourselves singing the songs : -RRB- This certainly is n't a `` must-have '' toy , but it is a cute addition to any toy collection .
 These are great , and interact with the child . Teaches words , and occupies the child for long periods . Also teaches dexterity , etc. in spinning the tummy 's wheel , etc. for younger children .
 Wonderful learning toy ... well made and everyone loved the bright colors ! Thank you for selling quality toys well worth the amount paid ... which was more than reasonable .
 My baby got several talking animals for her birthday and was so terrified of them that they got put in the closet . From the minute this lion got out of the box she has LOVED it . She spins the tunny thing and laughs and dances with her lion . And the music it plays is not obnoxious like many other talking/singing toys . I do not mind it playing over and over again ! When she is upset , I search for her little lion to calm her down .
 This toy was a lot smaller than I expected , but my son loved it from the moment he opened it up . The nighttime song it so cute , but I wish it played for a while longer . It lights up as well . This is a great crib toy , because it wo n't just go off in the middle of the night and wake up baby but it 's always their when baby needs him . Well worth the money even though it is small .
 My son received this toy for Valentine 's Day and he loves it . It makes him laugh and smile in his crib every morning and every night . I like it so much that I am buying 2 as baby shower gifts !
 My 18 month old son has loved this ever since he was about 4 months old . He could even spin the `` belly '' then . It 's easy . The songs are cute and kept him entertained in his crib until he fell asleep . He likes playing with it outside of his crib as well . This is money well spent .
 My four-month-old daughter received the LeapFrog Roll & Rhyme Learning Lion for Christmas and she loves it . The tummy is very easy for her to spin and the songs engage her attention . I like that I can switch it into nightlight mode to get a break from the somewhat loud and mildly annoying songs . It is small enough to be very portable . I do think , however , that once the novelty wore off , this toy would bore a toddler .
 I bought this toy for my 6 month old granddaughter . She loves it !!!! I highly recommend it .
 This little lion was so cute I just had to buy it for my son . Luckily , he loves it too ! He 's always spinning the belly to play the music . The music is not annoying like most of his other toys . I would recommend this to anyone with a baby !
 My grandson loved this toy ! It was the first thing he would smile at . He still loves it and he is 15 months .
 This puzzle was the most difficult one that I have ever done due to the slight variation in colors especially in the area of the trees . It many hours to complete , however , it was entertaining and well worth the effort . I love the completed puzzles so much that I glued it together and plan to have it framed . I will be keeping this one . I usually donate my puzzles to others so that they may enjoy putting them together again .
 This toy is the best ! Not only does it come with a battlechip for the advanced PET , but it 's also one of the best toys i 've ever seen . I highly recommened buying it guys !
 It gave me memories because I had one like this , but 3 years ago I broken the head by turning it around and I had it for 4 years at that time , so I told my dad to buy it , and all the memories came rushing in !
 I bought this scooter for my daughter and she loves it . It only holds a charge for a couple hours , but she has no complaints . It comes almost fully assembled and is very easy to get setup .
 Scooter seems to be a hit with my son . The battery does not hold a charge for the full time suggested though . I did have to send the first scooter back because something happened to the steering . . however , Amazon emailed me a return slip so it cost me nothing to return it . They also sent another one out quickly . . great customer service .
 bought this Electric Scooter but it dose NOT come eith turning singanals or a light in the front as shown in the picture battrie dose only last 45 min . But still i enjoy it i would give this item a 4 out of 5 star because of the battriee
 This scooter is amazing . Bought it for my 9 year old son and he is having a blast with it . It goes up and down hills pretty fast . The only down side is that the charge does not last as long as the kids would like . This is disappointing . But overall it is a great buy and the kids just can not get enough of it !
 very good scooter i am 11 years old and love the scooter i would rate it 4 or 5 stars it is perfect exept one thing battery it only last for 45 minutes . I would pay in extra 100 dollars if the battery lasted another hour or 2 . But trust me buy this scooter u will love it
 I bought this for my daughters 10th birthday . She loves it ! I read all the reviews saying that the battery did n't last very long . But to the contrary , my daughter never has to stop in the middle of playing to recharge . In fact there is still charge to let the neighbors kids ride as well . It came almost fully asembled . The hardest part initially was waiting for it to charge 24 hours before she could ride it . Great quality product .
 So far my children have really been enjoying riding this scooter . It 's and the neighbors who already have one similar thinks this one is the coolest . It 's also unisex . It 's been a little too cold to use up the entire 45 minutes of battery yet but knock on wood have not had any issues but we did follow the directions to the T. Very pleased with the purchase . Also delivery was outsanding . Save your money and go with the free shipping . It arrived 2 or 3 days after I ordered it and I did n't pay anything extra . The helmet I ordered at the same time took 7 days .
 We bought this for our 10 year old for his 10th birthday . He claims it is the best gift he has ever received . He loves riding it and it has been well over a month and he never seems to get bored with it . It is a little faster than I expected , so I would suggest a helmet and even elbow and knee pads . Having built a few ride on toys over the past few years , it was a pleasure getting this scooter and seeing that there was hardly any assembly required . I literally had the scooter put together and charging within 15 minutes . On that note , remember to charge before showing it to your child as it takes several hours .
 My 9 year old received this for Xmas and it has been great ! He loves it and when he finally let me ride it I had to admit it was pretty fun . The speed is good for him and I do n't worry so much about him losing control or going too fast and wiping out . He is a daredevil anyway and I would still worry if he was riding his razor non-electric scooter ! He named her Sasha and she is everything we expected and more .
 This razor is actually great . It 's seat opens up so you can store something in there . I know everybody sais that the battery does n't last long but it runs 15 minutes longer then the pocket mod . It seems like it goes faster than the pocket mod . i love it . it just looks a little stupid but it is n't . this product is really good . do n't get the pocket mod if you are a boy becuase razor.com actually says that it is for girls . my pocket mod broke easily . i fell on purpose on the sport mod about 10 times and it did n't break . get this pruduct u will love it
 I bought this for my 8 and 12 yr . old nephews to ride to the pool and back and they really love it . It holds a charge for appx . 10 miles as published . It was shipped a day EARLIER than promised !
 We bought this scooter for our 12 year old son . He loves it and is constantly riding around the neighborhood . It has worked well on hills , long walks , and just riding around for fun . It has no problem going up hills even carrying his 130 pound frame . I would recommend it . It is not a dirt bike , but it is a lot of fun .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my niece . She loves it . It does all the things that it says it does . The only thing that I wish was that it opened its mouth on its own . If you try to open the mouth and put the bottle in , it makes the drinking and burping noises before you can even put the bottle to its mouth . Other than that I think this is a realistic toy and I love it as much as my niece does . As for Amazon I love that they got it to me so fast . I chose Standard shipping and ordered it on a Tuesday , I had the package by the Friday of the same week . Whether it was just for the Christmas Holiday or normal practice , I love that I got it so quickly .
 I got this for my little sister years ago for her birthday . She loved this toy and got a lot of use out of it . She is now 18 and still has it as it is such a cute stuffed animal !
 When we visited Barcelona last spring , I did not expect to fall in love . We visited Casa Batillo and I was hooked on Gaudi . The colors he used just drew me in and made me feel all warm inside . I could not resist buying this puzzle and it took me right back to the streets of Barcelona . I would love to return and take a tour of the Sagrada Familia and the mini park . I purchased this puzzle through Amazon and plan to buy more in the near future .
 This is the 2nd miniature puzzle I have completed by this company . Being a puzzle snob I felt the quality of this puzzle was much better than other mini 's I have done . Ready to order my next one !
 I wanted the classic `` Fit the shapes '' toy for my daughter just because I thought it would be fun . She 's only 10 months old so she 's not even close to being able to use the toy correctly . She just takes the top off and dumps all the shapes out and then puts them back -LRB- without the top -RRB- . She has a ball , so that 's enough for me.The only reason I knocked off a star was that the top comes off so easily . I think it would have been more fun if it had snapped in place . Otherwise , it 's a fun and durable product !
 This is a great toy ! My 14 month old nephew immediately started playing with this ! I would definitely recommend ! : -RRB-
 While for now , our daughter is still exploring this only by eating it , something must make this toy special over others as she consistently chooses this one!I always have one or two pieces nearby so that she can chew them . She loves it !
 this was . a baby 's 1st Christmas gift . the baby Is 7 months old . the age on the the box is 6-9 months . the baby really likes the gift
 Let 's face it - Our kids have such short attention spans that spending a lot of money on individual toys is borderline criminal . I feel it 's much better to buy more inexpensive toys than fewer big ones . These blocks provide my child with colorful play-things that keep her occupied just long enough for her to be ready to move on to the next . You ca n't go wrong for what you get for under ten bucks . It 's a no brainer .
 My son loves it . His aim is to empty the bucket and my job is to fill it up again . He loves playing with the cover the most . Maybe because of the color .
 Been there , done that . Who has n't spent hours as a child sorting shaped blocks into their matching holes . This toy is one that makes us all human and gives us a childhood history that 's related . An old time favorite of kids everywhere , it has n't lost its charm and appeal .
 I always like blocks that show kids their shapes . it is a good product i would recommend to buy this but she just plays with the box they all come in or just the blocks never together lol but i like it .
 This is good toy to have for my daughter to keep her occupied for a while . This is a basic toy that helps parents to teach colors and shapes to their child . I play with this toy with my daughter and although she is only 8 months old I feel that after a while of using this she will start to recognize the colors and shapes . I really love that after we are done playing the shapes store easily -LRB- neatly -RRB- in the bucket .
 I was very satisfied with the fast delivery and pleased with quality of the product . Thanks so much
 I bought his for my son when he turned 1 and it turned out to be a pretty fun toy , for a shape sorter . He was able to take the lid off and replace it easily , which helped cut down on his frustration level early on when he wanted to put the shapes in the bin and could n't quite get them into the holes right . It also allowed him to easily to put other items in the bucket to carry around.The toy also held up really well to his rough play -LRB- standing on it , throwing it , etc. -RRB- , and the shapes are easily identifiable among other toys so gathering the pieces are n't too difficult -LRB- the boy loves to throw things ! -RRB- . Every so often we would sit down and play with this together , and he really seemed to have fun showing me what he could do , and I could tell he was very proud when he mastered it . He did utilize it in his free play time as well , though not quite in the structured manner it is designed for . Great value for the price , and great design overall .
 My seven-month-old daughter received this toy as a gift and plays with it almost every day . I did n't buy it because I already had a shape-sorter toy , the kind you have to pull apart to get the shapes out . What I like about this toy is that the bucket is her size , and she loves to dump it out and play with the shapes . I do n't know how it actually works as a shape sorter toy , since she has n't done that yet , and the lid does come off very easily - and sometimes she just likes playing with the lid ! The shapes are perfectly sized to fit her hand . My other shape-sorter toy might be better for actually sorting shapes , but for now , this toy is fun for her and keeps her entertained for a while . I 'm a little concerned now after seeing some reviews questioning possible harmful chemicals in the plastic and have to research this , as she does chew the blocks a lot since she is teething .
 This is a favorite ! We buy this for baby showers now . It 's great for grasping from 6mos - 1 year . Then becomes their first shape sorter . At 2 years of age , our guys still feel good about cruising through the shapes , have learned the colors , and that there are two of each .
 We gave this to our twin boys -LRB- 15 months -RRB- for Christmas and they really like it . When the box came I was a little dubious because it looked so small . But the pieces are big enough to not be choking hazards and the box is really sturdy . It 's small enough to be used for travel which was an unexpected bonus .
 The only complaint that I have with this toy is that the lid sits on top of the toy instead of snapping on . Since the day we got this toy , my baby takes the lid off with the greatest of ease and plays with the blocks . She loves them ! Dumping them out , chewing , banging , throwing-it 's literally the first toy she goes for when placed in front of a bunch of different toys . I try holding the lid on with a finger to try and get her to sort , but it 's not going to happen when she knows the lid comes off ! It becomes more of a fight with me trying to keep the lid on and her trying to rip it off .
 Fisher-Price Brilliant Basics Baby 's First BlocksI bought this for my 1 year old granson . very cute and fun , and at the price I bought it well worth it .
 it 's such a simple toy but all of my nephews love it , ages 1 , 3 , and 7 . We bought it for the 1 year old of course and he has enjoyed it , but his brothers have also had fun keeping him company . This is a great developmental toy and I 'd highly recommend it !
 This toy I purchase for my 7 month old Grand daughter she seems to enjoy the toy because of the different color block .
 My son played with it for a few minutes . He just used the pieces to throw around . I do n't really like the bucket top because it does not stay snapped on . It easily comes off . In order for babies or kids to play with it , the top should not come off that easily !! I 've seen better ones . Would I buy this product again , probably not . .
 We bought this for our baby at 5 mos . He really liked the colors and now at 8 mos . he likes to take the lid off , dump out the shapes , chew on them , knock down towers that we build , etc. . Lots of fun and once we get to words we can work on colors and shapes .
 My seven month old loves this toy . He can spend thirty minutes playing with the blocks and the container.The only problem is that I noticed a break in the plastic of the box . It 's still safe , though .
 This is a great toy . Purchased it for two grandsons 9 mos and 1 yr old . They both love it and play with it daily .
 My 11 month old son loves this toy . He plays with it for HOURS and HOURS . He loves to dump them , put them back in the container , throw them , etc. . It keeps him occupied for hours . Great toy !!!
 My 6 month old daughter LOVES this toy . She obviously ca n't do the shape sorting yet , but her top activity every day is sitting in front of the open box of pieces , and one by one picking them out and throwing them to the side . Then we put them back and she does it again . She likes the sound and feel of the pieces inside the box . I imagine she is only going to grow to find other ways to play with this item . The pieces are all easy to wash , since they end up on the floor a lot this is important . For $ 10 you ca n't go wrong !
 We 've added a set of wooden blocks to this set and both of my daughter love to build towers and knock each others down . It is a great way to help a baby to start understanding colors and shapes as well .
 my .5 month old granddaughter caught a glimpse of this Christmas present and immediately started to reach for the blocks ... blocks are a good size and easy for a baby to handle ... rich colors ... a good first block set for baby
 I have 2 kids and I 'm on my 3rd set of these . I unfortunately ca n't ever keep up with the blocks -LRB- under furniture , hidden in another toy -RRB- , but when I can find all the pieces , my kids loved them from ages 6m-3 .5 years -LRB- so far -RRB- now .
 This toy is definitely educational as it teaches shapes , and colors and matching . It has 2 of every shape and color and they all have their own entrance on the lid ... it 's definitely got value if your child just uses it and you are explaining and they are curious enough to want to learn new things as you explain them or answer their questions -LRB- Many kids are curious at the toddler stage . -RRB- This toy is a great toy for just pretend play also , it can be a basket , my son uses the blocks as part of his play food with other toys and it 's great for learning beginning addition and subtraction , for kids who can count from at least 1-10 or so , such as if you take out all the blue ones how many are leftI would give this toy about 5 stars but must say it 's not green , it was not stated that it 's bpa/phthalate free at the time my son got as a gift back in like 2010 , so proceed with caution and contact fisher price first if you are concerned about sustainability and other things and were thinking of spending actual money on this toy .
 I really like the quality of this shape sorter , we received 3 different shape sorters for my son 's 1st birthday , and I really like the construction , especially of the shapes . The issue I have is that the shape sorter piece is also the lid , which comes off VERY easily - actually no way to snap it down or anything . So he takes the lid off and walks around putting things in his bucket . I have a much much cheaper -LRB- quality -RRB- sorter that he actually sorts shapes with ... shame . Almost F-P .
 I bought and gave to my grand daughter for her first birthday . She loves the different shapes and bright colors . She loves to carry things around and the handle makes this perfect .
 I got this for Christmas for our Grandson . He is one . He likes it very much.Well made and came in a timely manner .
 Purchased this toy for my 12 month old . It 's her first puzzle . She really enjoys it-plays with it daily . I put it in the dishwasher to clean . Not sure if it 's recommended , but so far , so good .
 My twin boys love the shapes , they carry them around and play with them often . They more like dumping all of them out than trying to sort them , but I suppose that will come with time -LRB- bought it when they were a year old , now are 18 months -RRB- .
 A five star review for a toy as simple as this may seem strange , but sometimes the bells and whistles and lights are too much stimulation for little ones . I am in favor of toys that allow quiet time , and the use of creative imagination . Even the youngest child can experiment with position and shape and color with these classic blocks , and grow to build great towers . Ones who are a little older can fit the block in the proper hole while putting them away . Little walkers can carry it around , as they like to do . These blocks lay a good foundation for future engineers and architects . Not every toy has to do the playing for you , this one is all about the child and motor control , and imagination . Love it !
 I gave this as a gift . Recipients liked it and I was proud to give it . Well made and entertains for hours .
 This is a very sturdy shape sorter . The peces store inside the basket . There are 2 of each shape . I recommend it !
 I saw this was a parents choice award winning toy and i have to say my kid loves it . Gave it to him at 8 months old and it remains one of his favorite go to toys .
 this was a gift for my 1 yr old nephew . he loved it ! favorite toy he opened on christmas ! get this for your little ones , they will love it !
 Great first toy for a great price . My son is only 3 1/2 months old but he likes to hold the blocks .
 This is very useful for little babies.First they can play then can start counting & knowing about shapes.I will recommend this item to my family & friends
 it is easy for my grandson to carry and easier to arrange in car for trips to grandmas house.smile smile
 We gave this to our daughter when she was about seven months old . Within a month , she was able to move from slobbering on the blocks and clapping them together to doing that AND putting the circle in the circle hole . She loves playing with all of the blocks and taking the lid on and off , dumping the blocks out , putting them back in , and even wearing the bucket like a hat . She 's now 10 months old and I dont see this getting retired anytime soon.Great basic toy that doesnt light up or play music !
 Compr&eacute; este juguete para mis sobrinos de 1 y 2 a & ntilde ; os y fue una gran idea . Es educativo y a pesar que puede parecerle aburrido a los adultos los peque & ntilde ; os se entretienen mucho con el . Es resistente , peque & ntilde ; o y duradero .
 My one year old really enjoys this toy ! We identify colors and shapes and she loves to put the blocks in and out over and over again ! The blocks are also great for water play -LRB- but dont put the bucket in the water since it has a sticker ! -RRB- . I had a set like this for my son -LRB- which we gave away to his cousin when he turned 3 -RRB- and we liked it so much we just had to get one for our daughter too . I highly recommend this toy !
 This toy is very durable . My granddaughter , who is 7-1/2 months , has fun playing with the pieces even if she ca n't quite get them in their correct holes yet .
 Such a simple toy , but my daughter has fun with it . It took a little bit for her to figure out , but that 's what it 's for . She still plays with it from time to time even though she has it figured out , or she uses the bucket for other toys .
 My 9 month old just begun to show an interest in these for several reasons . She enjoys the colors and she 's teething . She has n't quite grasped how to play with these but enjoys dumping them all over the floor and picking them up . She even smiles when I tell her the color and shape of the object she has picked up to observe . With all of this in mind I would recommend this for 9 months and up . I believe she will begin to understand how to play with them more probably when she 's over 1 but for now she enjoys them ...
 This was a great toy for learning shapes and coordination with hands ! We love it . It 's on toThe second baby now and although she is n't old enough to know how the educational aspect works , she does have fun dumping it and chewing on the shapes !
 He carries this around and then sits and inserts shapes handle pinches a finger once in awhile but he is learning about that and I bought it for a learning tool
 Another great gift for babies . My daughter loves banging the blocks together . One of the main toys she 's plays with
 My infant has n't really started playing with the blocks yet because he is too young -LRB- only 3 months -RRB- , however , my nephew who is 2 came over and he really enjoyed playing with them . He loved naming the shapes and the colors and would cheer for himself every time he got the block in the correct slot . Would highly recommend !
 Bought it for my son when he was about 9 months old . At 2 , he still loves to play with it .
 My son is two and he loves this little bucket of squares and triangles and stars . He has learned to put everything in its proper places with ease .
 I Bought this toy for my one and half year old niece as one of her Christmas gifts . It kept her engaged for quite a while . This is a great toy for helping with motor skills and teaching shapes . The only reason I did n't give it five stars was because it did not come in the usual Fisher Price packaging . Instead it was in a plain cardboard box . I wrapped it without the box which did work out ok because when my niece opened it she could play with it right away without waiting for us to remove the packaging .
 purchased for my 1 year old few months ago . He loves putting the shapes in and taking them all out . He doesnt quite have the concept of putting in the right shape but he takes the lid off .
 Our baby is 8 months old so he does not understand how to put the shapes into the right place yet , but he loves the bright colors . This toy is nice because it has a handle and you can store all the parts inside and carry it .
 excelente todo bien lo recomiendo de venezuela llegho biem sin problemas nuevos 100 % de calidad los ni & ntilde ; os quedaron conformes bien
 Just as described . My 1 year old loves this , it is just the right size and weight for her to tote around and the pieces are just the right size for her little hands . She gets the idea and is working on getting them in the proper slots . This is great for her eye hand coordination and play learning . We love this .
 I purchased this toy for my daughter when she was only a year old and now a year and a half later , she still loves playing with it ! There are two of each of the shapes and they are brightly colored with smooth edges . They are big enough that you do n't have to worry about them being a choking hazard but still small enough for little hands to manipulate . It 's a great learning toy with the lid on , but my daughter loved it even before she could match the shapes . I would highly recommend it !
 I love shape sorters . They work on all different sorts of cognitive milestones . This one is perfect
 This shape sorter is just the right size and my 1 YO loves playing with it ! It 's a great value too . I also love the ` no frustration packaging ' !
 My granddaughter cant stop playing with her blocks . Perfect size to fit in her little hands .
 You really ca n't go wrong with a block set like this . I bought this as birthday gift for a one year old boy , and he loves them . He enjoys dumping them out and putting them back into the pail . Even better , he 's trying to put the blocks into the right openings of the lid . Of all the toys that he received for his first birthday , this and a giant bouncy ball kept him entertained most . This just proves that you ca n't go wrong with an old favorite !
 My 9 month old had so much fun with these blocks . She hasnt got the hang of putting them in the right spots but she loves to dump them and play with them !!!
 My grandson is still too young for learning his shapes at this time , but he loves the colors of the blocks and emptying the blocks out of the bucket . He also uses this as a drum . And , for some reason , the lid amuses him .
 These blocks were a gift for our twin boys , who started playing with them at about 6 months . Both boys instantly loved these blocks . They are easy to hold in small hands and the colors and shapes seem to be engaging . We have dozens of toys but this bucket of blocks are always the first thing either baby plays with . They are so drawn to them in fact , we used these blocks as stimulation to encourage the boys to sit up on their own for the first time by placing a couple at their feet , and now use them to entice crawling . While they are not anywhere close to actually sorting them through the appropriate holes , in the three months they 've been playing with these , the red bucket and the lid are every bit as much fun as the blocks themselves . It is not uncommon to see each baby with a couple blocks or a piece of the bucket despite having countless other options for toys . As parents we love the shapes and colors and are constantly reinforcing both during play . I like that these can grow with the babies for a while . They started out just holding them , then teething with them , banging them together to make noise , now they put them into the bucket , eventually they can sort the shapes . Many of the toys we have been given have very short windows of appropriateness for babies , these blocks are certainly getting use throughout the first year of development and probably beyond . And while they probably would have enjoyed them earlier than about 6 months , they were best once they could sit unassisted , as occasionally someone would tip over onto a block and bonk a head . Once they were stable sitting the blocks were a hit !
 This has been my 9.5 month old 's favorite toy for about a month . Mommy and Daddy build towers and she crawls over to disassemble them -- sometimes taking it apart block by block and other times knocking them over with vigor . Smiles everytime . A must have toy .
 I remember playing with this same toy as a child and my son loves it . It 's a good distraction to play with while I 'm making meals and such as well as teaching shapes and spacial recognition . Plus , with the handle , it can be a fun pool/bath toy too !
 We got this for my daughter when she was 9months and at 1yr she is still playing with it . Great value and quality for the price . Classic Toy !
 You ca n't beat toys like this for the price ! They are great with improving motor skills . Little kids always seems to be drawn to them . They also love being able to carry them around with the handle . Great because of the shapes , colors , and motor skills . Thanks
 Simply put , my daughter loves it , so I love it ! She carries the box around like it 's a purse and plays with all the pieces , evenly . It is very durable , as she chews on the pieces a lot . Great addition to your child 's toy collection !
 My baby girl loves this toy , she can take them out and put them back in tons of times ! I believe that all babies should have one of these !
 My son plays with the shapes and he LOVES the fact that he can put stuff in the bucket and carry it around . He really has n't gotten into the `` putting the shapes in the holes '' thing yet but he does play with all the parts even the lid . He likes the colors and loves to chew on the shapes . This toy is VERY durable . My son has thrown the shapes and the bucket and top down the stairs too many times to count . We have hard wood floors and there is no damage to the toy or the floors even with all the tossing from the top of the stairs .
 My daughter love put the shape in there hole she loves it keeps her busy for a awhile and also loves carrying it around the house she also put other stuff in it
 I bought this toy for my son when he was about 8 months old . He loved it then but now that he 's over a year old , it 's not as interesting . My only wish would be that the lid could lock on so it does n't open easily if he 's swinging it around . It is a good toy to teach fine motor skills and shapes .
 This toy is sooo difficult for children . My 1 year old had to teach me how to play with it . . I ca n't believe I was schooled by a 1 year old . Maybe next year I 'll have more luck .
 My baby is only 7 months old but this is quickly becoming her favorite toy to play with . As others mentioned , the lid does not snap on , but she enjoys pulling it off herself -LRB- and nibbling on it of course -RRB- . This is the first toy she 's played with that really seems to make her think . It will grow with her !
 My baby actually loves this thing and it occupies her . This came in a very fast manner and for the price is a good toy .
 Our son received this as a gift before he turned 1 . Although he could not sort the blocks then , he started trying . It was amazing to watch him over the next year change the way he played with the toy . Initially he just played with the blocks , then threw them in the bucket , dumped them out again . He would also carry the bucket with blocks around by the handle . Later he was able to put in the round one , then another and within a short time all of them . He still likes playing with it . It was apparent that he had a sense of achievement after each new `` accomplishment '' . I highly recommend this toy .
 My family really enjoyed this toy - I 'm sure yours will too - Great value for money!The plastic is strong and durable and the colours excite young children . Ca n't wait to buy more similar .
 My son is 12 months old with an active mind and short attention span . Learning to sort shapes in holes is great , but at this stage , learning is in exploring a toy in a multitude of ways . He lifts the top , drops shapes in , dumps them out , flips the bucket from upside down to right side up , rolls the shapes across the floor , and even uses the bucket to play peek-a-boo . If this toy was only capable of shape sorting , it would probably be more fun for me than my son and certainly would n't hold his interest for as long as it does . I 'm all for toys without a thousand lights and sounds , yet can keep my child engaged , giving me an extra 15 minutes to prepare a meal or write an Amazon review .
 This is a really good shape sorter toy . My son received this toy when he was about 7 mths old , after playing with the same toy at a friend 's home . When he was 7 mths he enjoyed teeting on the plastic shapes , now my son is 18 mths and still enjoys playing with the shapes daily . Now , he sorts the shapes and stacks them , builds with them . It is a good toy to label & learn colors and shapes.Good clasic toy !
 This toy would be perfect if only the lid would snap on or at least be harder to remove . First thing my kid did when I gave this to her was take the lid off and dump everything out , then proceed to chew on the lid . Which is fine for now , since she 's quite not old enough to learn how to sort yet , but still every time I try to show her how , she just takes the lid off , like she 's saying , `` why would you put them in one by one through the holes , stupid , when you can just take the lid off and toss them in ? '' Have you ever been patronized by a baby ? It 's quite a blow to the ego . I 'll still give this 4 stars , though , since she does like to play with all parts , even sometimes finding the bucket and lid more interesting than the shapes .
 So in response to one review of the chemicals in this product , if you ever wonder about that , you can look up most products at healthystuff.org and the site will give you information about levels of lead , chlorine , mercury , bromine , arsenic , cadmium , and mercury in the product and rate it as low , med , high when it comes to toxic chemical content . I looked it up and this product is none to low in all of those toxic chemicals . I do wonder if the product is BPA free , because most kids toys do n't list whether they are or not and these blocks do go into my daughter 's mouth quite frequently . BPA is definitely a concern for me , so I wish fisher price and all other toy manufacturers were required to use BPA free products for children , especially children who put things in their mouths ! My 8 month old daughter loves these blocks they are one of her favorite toys , she can not place them inside the holes yet because she does n't have smooth muscle control in order to do it . Her hand waves and slides the toy back and forth across the top of the shape sorter and on rare occasion , will accidentally get one through the correct spot . The lid does come off too easily and she just tosses it aside and dumps the shapes out or puts them back inside the bucket . If the lid could stay down , it would make a much better shape sorter . As for now , she just enjoys dumping out the shapes , using them as teething toys , crawling around with them in her hand , and putting them back in the bucket . The bucket makes a make-shift drum for her as well . My advice
 This is an excellent toy to start out at 6 months . I think he was just as excited to play with the blocks as he was with the lid and container . He has played with this many times and always seems happy when I put this in front of him . I am looking forward to him learning the shapes and being able to fit them in the right slots . Also the colors are very viberant and the blocks are easy for him to pick up ... Love this new learning tool .
 I bought this for my one year old grand daughter . So far she just wants to dump out the box and slap the shapes around or put them in her mouth . When she goes home for the evening I put them back in the box , put the lid on and place them on her book shelf . It is the first thing she goes to when she goes into her room . I am sure in another month or two we will be able to move up to matching shapes . I do wish that the lid snapped on a little tighter but for the money , I can not complain . She still gets a lot of enjoyment and the toy is extremely durable .
 I got this shape sorter after seeing my almost 3-year-old son respond to it during one of his therapy sessions . He has autism and is often distracted by lights , sounds , etc. . This shape sorter was the first one that he did with no distraction , no hesitation . We did n't even know he was capable of such shape recognition until the therapist brought this out ! The top does come off and I have to hold it when he is playing with it , but I play with him with it anyway to help him name the shapes , as he has a speech delay . If it remains within reach , the pieces will come out and they will get lost . I find that putting them in a zip lock bag inside the toy and then putting it up keeps everything together and keeps the toy fresh for when you bring it out again . My son 's therapist highly recommends this toy now for its simplicity , as do I.
 A wonderful item to develop interest & coordination for children.It 's simple , washable , safe and fun.I highly recommend it .
 This toy lived up to the hype for my little guy . I put it on his wish list for the holidays when he was about 6 month and he is now 14 months . Whatever the age , he has liked this toy . At first he just held the blocks . Then , we left the lid off , and he just liked taking the blocks in and out . Now , he gets a kick out of trying to sort the shapes - I love how the toy keeps growing with him . For such a low priced toy , we have already gotten a lot of mileage from it !
 It was time for our little guy to play with a put in/dump out toy so I got this one . It 's pretty good , he throws it around and it has n't broken or cracked . The top does come off very easily as other people said , but I think that 's actually not a bad thing because I wanted my 10 month old to be able to take it off . If it took more strength and coordination it would be harder for him . This way he can pull the top off and dump out the pieces .
 I loved this toy as a child -LRB- well a similar one -RRB- and my son loves this toy ! It is bright , easy to play with , and has a handle for carrying.There really is n't much to say about this toy - it is what it looks like , simple , easy , and sturdy . We have had it for almost two years and it still looks brand new !
 My daughter , at 8 months , loves this toy ! When i first showed it to her i picked up a block and knocked it by the holes a few times then slid it into one . I only had to show her once ! Ever since then she 's been trying ! She loves to play with the blocks and tot ake the lid off and bang it on the floor . It 's hard and durable plastic . Makes a great teething and chew toy too .
 My 9month old really likes these blocks . He can hold one in each hand , and they are sturdy . I like that they 're plastic so you can wash them when he 's done . He does n't fit them in the top by shape , they 're more for putting in the bucket and then dumping back out again . He will spend 10 minutes or more at a time on the floor with these and that 's worth the price to me .
 I cant think of even one flaw . its wonderful . it teaches shapes , sizes , colors , hand coordination , and patience . it is well made and safe . my son loves to put in all the blocks and dump them out . and then he puts the bucket on his head . he still did n't figure out the more complicated shapes but he knows which holes to put the circle and square into.its a great toy , great value , and tons of fun
 My kids had this and the original shape sorter . It 's amazing how children love something that does n't make any sounds , light up , or do any cool tricks ! I have my gently used ones for sale ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My now 10 month old really enjoys the little blocks that come with this toy . They are easy for him to hold and put in his mouth to teethe on . The blue round ones are great for spinning and rolling on the floor . He also really likes chewing on the yellow lid . This is one that he interacts with frequently . I would n't say he gets super excited about it , but it is one we can play together - I show him how to put the blocks in and take the blocks out . Great inexpensive basic toy .
 My daughter has had this toy since she was about six months old and loves it ! She loves taking the lid off , pulling all the shapes out , carrying them around the livingroom and watching mommy play hide-n-seek with the blocks as mommy tries to collect them all to refill the bucket so she can do it all again . She 's about a year now , and starting to grasp the concept of the different shapes going in the proper holes , but still has a lot more fun chewing on -LRB- and hiding -RRB- them.The bucket and shapes are very durable , but the sticker/label on the outside started peeling from the first week we had it . I soaked it off , and now we use it as a bath toy as well . Still , would have been nice if the label had stayed put for longer than a week ...
 I bought this toy for my boys when they were still too young to really enjoy it . -LRB- Actually they just chewed on the shapes -RRB- Now that they are a little older -LRB- one and three -RRB- they love playing with it . My three year old is showing my one year old where the shapes go . My one year old loves putting the shapes in the bucket and dumping them out again ! Great educational toy !
 My daughter is 8months and she plays on the floor with these toys for awhile without getting bored or throwing it aside . I sit with her and show her that when you put the blocks in the correct spots it disappears . Although she is stilling learning that process she does attempt to put them in the spaces-more like banging the shapes on top of the box but what are you going to get from an 8month old . Sometimes using the simple toys we had as kids is just as effective . I love it for her .
 My daughter is n't at the age where putting things together/away is anything she wants to do . The shapes are big enough for her to safely nom on . They are the perfect shape for her to practice picking things up . She gets better coordination with every time she dumps everything out of the bucket . Paired with a bunch of rings , this is her favorite hard toy to play with .
 My son is into this toy ... it actually holds his attention for some time unlike other toys . It also helps him learn his colors and shapes . I would recommend this toy .
 Great toy . Light weight . My 18month old loves playing with it . Teaches shapes , and colors and how to fit things into the proper hole .
 This was given to my 15 month old for Christmas , and he likes it a lot . He can get some of the shapes in and is still working on figuring out the others . He is fascinated by putting other toys in the bucket , and taking them out , and putting them in , and so on . It seems very durable , and I appreciate the fact that it does n't make annoying and useless noise like so many children 's toys do . The reason I did n't give it quite five stars is because he enjoys it a lot but does n't LOVE it .
 Wonderful &#34; retro &#34; toy . No bells or whistles , but simple education in the guise of entertainment . I Like that it 's self-contained
 My daughter loves it and plays it with , for now almost a year . She is learning shapes and colors . So glad we got it .
 As soon as my Nephew got his blocks they were the thing to play with . The lid stays on the bucket well , it withstood a 14mth old trying to pull on jammed pieces , yet was still easy for him to open on his own . I was so happy he liked them so much . You really ca n't go wrong with Fisher-Price .
 My little Niece loves this toy . She is a clever little thing and likes to take the top off , but together we are learning shapes and colors . I love having 3D tools to practice with .
 I remember these as a kid . My daughter just turned 8 months & loves the sound of moving the shapes inside the bucket & banging them together . She does n't quiet get the shapes or colors yet , but soon will !
 My granddaughter will love playing with these blocks and learning the shapes and colors , very nice for a younger age !!!
 Excellent Product ! My nephew loved it . It is great to keep the child entertained by learning at the same time .
 the babies like playing with it , my grandchildren a boy and a girl 2 and 1 years old it safe to play with .
 My twins have loved this toy from a very early age and still love playing with it . It 's great for many stages
 my toddler is fascinated with putting things away & learning to do puzzles . learning to turn the piece around to get it to go in does take some time , but i am sooo happy to see her try to get the piece into the correct slot ! love this toy ! makes for fun with play-doh too !
 El producto lleg&oacute; a tiempo , sin contratiempos , sin problemas el producto de muy buena calidad . La atenci&oacute;n del vendedor muy buena
 My daughter was given this for her first birthday . We had a few other shape sorters , so I had planned on returning it , but my husband took it out of the box and I sure am glad he did . My daughter LOVES this . We started by putting the top on the floor and doing it as a puzzel . That is still her favorite way to do it , but now she also drops the pieces in . Over Christmas my family was here and my sister thought the same thing as me , that she had other shape sorters and did n't need one like this , but after watching my daughter and her daughter she wanted one . This is a great toy to take places too because it can keep my daughter entertained for a while . One of our favorite toys !
 My 15 month old granddaughter loves this . She walks around with this for most of the day . She sits on the floor and takes the blocks out and puts them back in for hours at a time .
 In the past I had always purchased the Tupperware shape sorter for my toddlers and found it very difficult to open enough to get the pieces out . I was n't sure about ordering this one from Fisher Price but was very pleased with the ease of just removing the lid to get the pieces out . I would recommend this item .
 with in the first day on her 1st birthday she figured out it was easier to take the lid off and take them out and put them back and shake them to make noise .
 My 8 month old daughter has loved this toy for the past two months . It is the one that entertains her the most . She is n't close to putting the shapes through the holes in the lid but no matter , she loves examining each of the shapes . This toy is also really portable . When we have gone to friends ' home this is always the first toy I reach for .
 llego todo bien , son efecientes , lo garantizo , quede bastante satisfecho , en mi opinion seguire comprando por este medio
 I purchased this for my daughter for christmas so she can learn more dexterity and she enjoys playing with it very much .
 My daughter received the blocks as a gift at around four months old . She is now 12 months and continues to play with it daily ! It is the first thing she grabs out of the toy box . When not playing with the blocks , she is carrying around her other toys in the pail . It is my ` go-to ' distraction toy . I put it in front of her and we can immediately play and learn . Absolutely love it and the value ca n't be beat !
 My daughter has n't graduated to being able to push the shapes in the top - but she absolutely loves hauling the box around and putting the blocks in and out of it . She is 10 months old and has been using it for 4 months now ! She likes it more as a basket than anything else - but it keeps her entertained
 I bought a replacement one of these because the dog chewed up the handle on her first one . It is a great little toy . The rectangular bucket is a nice little size with a handle . My granddaughter plays with the shapes and puts them into and out of the bucket . My husband is teaching her to fit them through the shape holes . There is enough space in there for the blocks from both of the two sets to fit into the one bucket -LRB- threw out the one the dog chewed -RRB- . Then someone else sent her the same item as a gift ! We still like it ! Now she has three sets of the blocks and two buckets with lids ! Good toy .
 I bought these for our 6 month old daughter . She is just able to sit and play now and is having a grand old time with these blocks . Dumping them out , chewing them , and she loves to knock down towers that I and my husband build for her . This was a great purchase and such a simple toy .
 I care for little children and this toy is perfect . I like how it teach them hand-eye coordination , the colors are vibrant and the shapes are not small enough for them to swallow . Plus it helps me teach them how to have good CLEAN fun . :-RRB- .
 One year olds love to dump things out and put them back in . This is another perfect toy for them . You can name each colors shape as you put them back in . Highly reccomend this product . Great value for your money .
 So I realize I bought this very late for my 2-year-old , but we visited friends for a long weekend and he would not stop playing with this toy there . So when we got home I bought this for him right away . He loves to put each shape in the correct hole and he 'll say , `` In , in , in '' as he puts in each one . Then he loves to dump them out and do it all over again . Granted I pictured this toy for a baby or 1-year-old , he loves it and I 'm expecting another baby so I 'm sure it 'll get lots of use in the future .
 She was able to learn sorting shapes rather quickly with this . Soon after she enjoyed stacking them one on top of the other . Not very engaging but simple enough to learn . She grew out of it quickly though . . Good beginner toy .
 I bought this when my daughter was 6 months old . She loved to chew on the blocks . Occasionally , I would try to get her to put the blocks in the bucket and yes she would just rip the yellow lid off . My thought process was she 's just a baby and she does n't have to know her colors and shapes and learning should n't be a chore at that age.Now that she is 2 , she likes to put the shapes in bucket with the lid on . She knows the names of all the shapes but does n't really know the colors just yet . She absorbs so much by interaction and by people saying the words to her . Not drilling her on a formal level , just by playing . You 'd be suprised how much better kids will learn if you gave objects a name instead of saying `` Pick that up over there , go get that . No not that , that ! '' Calling objects `` that '' does not allow children to learn that objects have different names and especially what those names are . I have said , `` Where 's the triangle ? Go get the triangle . Let 's put the triangle in this hole . '' When she was 13 months , half the time I 'd have to go pick up the triangle because there were too many things and she did n't know which object the triangle was but eventually she learned it and now she knows which hole the triangle goes in . I 'm sure if I was more vocal with colors she would be there too . I 'm not too stressed though . She 'll learn her colors eventually .
 This is such an inexpensive , simple toy , yet it is hands down my 9 month old 's favorite toy ! If he starts crawling away from us all we have to do is put the blocks back in the bucket and shake it around and he just has to come over and dump them all out . He is starting to get that the pieces go in the holes , but mostly he just crawls around holding either the yellow lid or a block in each hand . He also loves to put the blocks into the little `` slide '' made for balls in another toy we have . Miraculously , with my son and 2 dogs , we have not lost a block yet !
 I bought it for the youngest child who is now 9 months old . But my great-granddaughter who is 13 months old loved it too . And my grandson who just turned 4 had fun playing with it .
 My daughter loves this toy , bought it for her when she was 3 months old and she is now 10 months old and will play with it for hours if you let her ! she doesnt do the sort thing rather likes to dump everything out after I put them in the bucket , but a must buy toy , even if its just for something for them to crawl around with , as her blocks go everywhere with her !
 My 9 month old son loves playing with this . We stack up the shapes , knock them over , and gather them up in the box . Highly enjoyable toy for him .
 My daughter loves playing with these . She likes the different shapes and colors . This is such a simple product , but that 's part of what makes it so great .
 This is a great early toy . My son loves it and plays with it almost every day . I got it for him when he was about 14 months and he is now 21 months old . Yes , it 's true the top comes off easily but if you sit and play with your child you can keep the top on and let them learn how to put the shapes in as well as teaching the names of the shapes and their colors . Now my son does the shapes by himself , but he also takes the top off , puts all kinds of toys into it and then carries it around the house with him . I think it 's a very fun and versatile toy for a great low price .
 I like the product due to it 's simplicity but when I recieved it , it was a little smaller than I expected . Nothing wrong overall with the toy though .
 My 5 year loves this toy and she wo n't put it down ! When she goes to sleep and wakes up thats all she wants . I 'm going to buy all of my family this for Christmas .
 This is a great classic toy we bought for our toddler last Christmas . She was too young to do anything but throw and chew on the blocks , but now she is using it the way it was intended . She also likes that she can carry things in the bucket and has fun dumpung it over . My only complaint is that the lid does n't latch on in any way and the blocks spill out when we put it in the toy chest .
 My almost 15 month old daughter loves this toy , and has had it since she was about 10 months old . Shetakes the shapes in the bath with her , to the park with her , in the car ... pretty much everywhere . She likes to hide other toys -LRB- and sometimes food -RRB- in the bin . The only thing I could find negative about it , is that the top should have some way of staying on unless you unlatch it . My daughter seems to just take the top of the bin off and play with the shapes inside .
 My daughter loves this toy ! 8 months she loves taking the lid off and dumping the pieces out then in the mouth they go ! At 9 months she has started to put them back in too ! Sometimes she even tries through the holes . Soon it will be through the right holes . I love watching her progress ! -LRB- I hate when I ca n't find all the shapes - but that is like any toy . -RRB- It is awesomely quiet ! The price ca n't be beat !
 Must have ! We go this when my daughter was 10 months and 3 months later it still going strong . She goes through phases where she 'll dump them all out and throw the blocks , than she 'll put them all back in including her other toys , and she 'll work on putting the shapes through the lid . We talk her through colors , shapes , and sizes.Great toy !
 I love playing with my son with this wonderful toy . He is getting very smart with learning which shape goes in which hole . He has even turned it over to use it as a drum !
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY GRANDSONS FIRST BIRTHDAY . HE LOVES IT . HE LIKES TO TOTE THE BOX AROUND AND PLAY WITH THE BLOCKS . HE WILL LEARN COLORS , NUMBERS , SHAPES , AND TO PUT HIS BLOCKS UP INTO THE BOX WHE HE GETS THROUGH PLAYING WITH THEM . ITS A SIMPLE TOY WITH A LOT OF LEARNING VALUE .
 I bought this for my twin boys when they were about 6 months old . It was a favorite from the start . In the beginning mostly for dumping and chewing on the blocks but now at 10 months for sorting and stacking . Very durable , simple but entertaining for the little guys .
 I was given this as a gift when my baby was a few months old and I continue to buy it for others . My son is now 22 months and uses it everyday
 This is another toy that can grow with your child . My daughter started getting interested in this as one of her first toys , just holding the shapes . Then she figured out how to fill up and dump out the shapes . Now she 's learning how to get the shapes in the right holes . She also likes using the bucket to haul other stuff around in . We 're learning colors and shapes !
 I bought this when my son was 8 months old . He -LRB- now 10 mnths -RRB- still enjoys playing with it . Just throwing the blokcs inside the box and taking them out , he can learn colors and shapes in future too with this toy .
 My little one loves this toy . Right now she 's exploring everything and improving her dexterity - along with mouthing everything . Soon , she 'll be interested in figuring out where the shaped blocks belong through the lid . She 's also dropping everything in sight - another developmental milestone . The bucket , top , and blocks are durable and colorful . She enjoys playing with them and I love watching her do so ! You ca n't go wrong with this buy .
 My son recieved this as a Christmas gift when he was 10months old . Hes now a year in a half and still loves playing with it . It gives us a lot of One on One time . It helps him learn the colors and shapes . Love it
 Although my baby has not mastered the concept of putting the shapes in the correct openings , she loves the shapes on their own as well as with the bucket . The pieces are easy to grasp , which is great for challenging her mind with how the shapes feel different . She will soon understand how it works . It is definitly worth the money , because it is a toy that will continue to teach her new things as she gets a little older . She really seems to enjoy this toy and baby is learning !!
 This is a great toy . It is simple but well made . It has 10 blocks with it . There are 2 of each of 5 shapes . They 're chunky and easy for babies and toddlers to hold . Other reviewers complain that the top is too easy to get off , but I do n't mind that . It just encourages put and take play for younger babies . If I want my child to use the lid without taking it off , I just sit down with her .
 My baby is almost 8 months old and loves the little figures ! We play with them everywhere , even at bath time . She loves everything that has to do with a box that can hold anything in to let it out afterwards ! Great toy for the money its worth !!
 I gave this to my one year old son for Easter . He LOVES to try and put the blocks in it . The top comes off so he uses it for other things too and carries it around the house .
 The main complaint other reviewers seem to have is that the top does n't stay on . This is true . What this means is that your child will see you put the blocks in , then will dump them all out , repeatedly.My son has a blast dumping out the blocks , then he opens the lid , puts them back in , and dumps again . He does n't have much interest in the shape sorter aspect of the toy , but it easily ranks as one of his favorites.I think that with all the toys that light up and play music and move around - he enjoys the simplicity of something that is n't battery powered . And for this price , I 'd buy it again .
 My 6 month old daughter adores these blocks , and the bucket . For the past couple of months , she will pick up the blocks , put them in her mouth and throw them around . She like taking them out of the bucket and knocking over stacks . She also turns them around and around in her hands . They keep her busy for a long time . When she 's older , she 'll figure out the puzzle-aspect of the game , but she 's having fun now too . I highly recommend them .
 There is not much to say about a bucket and a few solid plastic shapes . The shapes fit through the correct cut outs on the lid which helps . The lid does not snap on so if the bucket is tipped over everything will spill out . I bought this for my 7 month old who likes to chew on the lid and plastic shapes more than putting them in the bucket . I am pretty sure at this stage I am having more fun putting the shapes in the bucket than she is . My daughter gets a kick out of playing with the shapes so at the end of the day it is still a fun toy for all .
 Great toy . Good way to teach shapes and colors . Lid comes off easily to retrieve the shapes , the handle is sturdy and the entire toy light enough for my two-year old to tote around with all of the shapes inside the bucket . Both of my kids like this item . Hooray for this toy !
 I bought it when my baby was 15 mo old . She loves the blocks and she is learning the different shapes everyday . I strongly recommand it .
 The picture gives you the impression that it is wide enough , though it is smaller than what it looks on the picture.My daughter loves it though and plays with it day and night . I am sure it will benefit her intellectually !
 My ten month old granddaughters love the toy . They put the blocks in and dump them out . Then they chew on the colorful blocks . One day they will be able to use the top to sort the different shape blocks . Now they use it as a hat .
 We got this for my son when he was 7-8 months . He loved it and could play with it for a long time . He is still not able to understand/play with the sorting part yet . But he loves the different shapes and colors of these blocks . My son loves to put everything in his mounth , and you can wash these easily .
 My nine-months old niece loves this , she is constantly playing with this toy and now when i stack up the blocks , she can knock them over and it 's even more fun , how educational is that ? Do n't know , Do n't care , she 's having a blast
 Honestly my son has n't played with this in a while but when he did , he really liked it . He would get frustrated trying to fit the shapes in the holes , sohe 'd remove the cover and jut throw them in ! Overall , a nice toy !
 At 6 months old , our little one enjoyed taking the lid off and chewing on it . Now , at 9 months old , he 's still taking the lid off , but he also enjoys dumping the blocks out and chewing on the blocks . I slowly put the blocks back in , and he gets excited to dump them all out again . The blocks are large enough that he ca n't fit them in his mouth , yet they 're big enough for him to easily pick up . I 'm looking forward to seeing him make the connection and putting the blocks into the holes on the lid . It 's also very portable with a handle . Even with all of the blocks in , I find there 's still a little room for a couple other small toys .
 My granddaughter LOVES this toy ! She started playing with this toy at 6 months and is now 8 months . From the beginning she was able to grab ahold of each piece with ease , she bangs them together and gets different sounds for different pieces and I tell her what color and/or shape with each piece she picks up . Our favorite part about this toy is we turn the bucket over , I stack the blocks on top of each other and she knocks them over - the look on her face every time is priceless . We carry on with this toy for well over 40 minutes each playtime . She seems to also get a kick out of dumping the bucket as quickly as I 've loaded it ... good skill builder as she 's learning to put them back in now .
 This is a classic toy . My 11 month old son does n't sort the shapes yet , but he can pick up the blocks and enjoys taking them out of the bucket .
 Purchased this for my grandson 's first birthday . I wanted to get him something not only as a learning toy but to have fun with . It 's also easy to travel with .
 My son loves to mouth and whack these blocks together . They make a great sound when thwacked together . I was worried about the plastic california thing til I realized that practically everything is known to the state of california to cause cancer . They are plastic after all , as are most of his toys . These were cheap and have great sound . The box is nice because it makes a lot of racket when he plays with the blocks against it . The lid does not stay on . I am not sure my son will ever use it as intended , but I guess I do not care . Maybe when he gets much older , but as it is , he loves to mouth the lid too . It is very interesting to him to hold and manipulate . And it has an embossed side that the block sound good rubbed against . If you are not looking for a good racket , maybe you should stay clear of it , but I like it for that since my son seems to love making the noises . The blocks are also easy to pick up , light and have lots of places to grab .
 My son has had this toy for 8 months now , and he LOVES it !! This is a very versatile toy that has spanned his different play developmental stages and interests . I think he 'll play with this for a couple more years . At first , he loved to play w/the lid and the blocks . Now he is starting to understand that he can put the blocks back in/through the lid . I would recommend this toy to any parent !
 My 15 month old son has had this toy for about 4 months and he just loves it . After about of week of working with him , he 's learned what shapes go where , and when it 's time to clean up his playroom each night , he always puts his blocks back in the bin one at a time through their proper holes.My only complaint is the lid . Like many people before me have said , it does n't snap on , it just kinda sits on top of the bin . If I do n't replace the top after he 's dumped out all the blocks , then he loses interest and moves on . Overall , it 's a sturdy , simple toy for teaching kids their shapes and we 're very pleased with it
 Wonderful product to help with floor time and older stages . The blocks are vibrant and very eye catching . My daughter loved these as a baby and continues to enjoy them now as a toddler .
 My 8 month old son really enoys these blocks , they fit his hands perfectly ! The lid does come off easily but , he likes to play with that too and look through the different holes . I would think that the sorter would interest him in the months to come , not really right now . Overall ; durable , captivating , and fun .
 This toy teaches as well as it entertains . Its a great toy to start teaching shapes and colors as well as cause and effect . Currently , my son throws them out of the bucket and puts them right back in , that 's so much fun for him ! He is 7mths , I guess soon he will be able to fit the shapes in .
 Our 13 month old daughter has had this since she was about 6 months old and she loves it ! At first she just liked chewing the cubes , then she moved on to dumping them out of the bucket , and now she is finally starting to put the blocks in the holes . It 's great to see the progression ! It has outlasted many of her pricey toys and it 's so sturdy I have no doubt it will be around for years . The only downside is the foil sticker on the side of the bucket means it ca n't get thrown in the sink .
 The toy is cute , but I was not expecting it to be small . I bought it for a birthday present and had the bigger blocks in mind . I had to buy something else to go with it . It is a great toy , just a little small .
 This product comes with two blocks of each geometrical shape allowing you and your child to take turns or follow the leader while learning shapes colors and hand-eye coordination :O -RRB- The toy itself is very durable so as to allow for attempts at wrong shape wrong hole without damage or distortion to the blocks or the box.It even takes a beating if your child decides it is more fun to bang the blocks together like cymbals.No matter the activities in your playtime with your child , this learning tool is invaluable !!
 My 8 month old daughter enjoys playing with this toy that she got 1 month ago . It 's true that the lid comes off easily , and that 's the first thing she discovered . I set the blocks down in front of her and she takes the lid off and proceeds to take the blocks out . She also likes banging the blocks together , and chewing them . She can occupy herself with the toy for 10-20 minutes on her own . I 'm sure as she gets older she will begin to use it a sorting toy -LRB- I 've been showing her how it works , and she likes watching me put the blocks through their holes -RRB- .
 This is a great first set of blocks . My daughter is 9 months old and loves playing with the blocks individually as well as dumping out the entire box . She has n't mastered putting them in the holes yet but it is still fun .
 The only problem with this toy is the lid does n't stay on very well . Other than that , my litle guy loves it . All the different blocks - he 's constantly comparing them .
 fisher price so good quality . . same product that 's been around for years . kids love building and knocking them down . sorting the shapes
 This toy is educational so buy it and keep getting items so desire for my daughter . Only she is still very small and not meant for it . For now , pulls and bites .
 This product helps the kids to recognize shapes and colors . My twins have been playing with it since they were a year old . Now they are 21 months and still love playing with it . They love standing on the box and the yellow top part and it does n't break ! It 's pretty sturdy!The reason that I am giving it 4 stars is because when you fall or step on the shapes ... it hurts !! They need to be out of the way as soon as the kids are done playing with them !
 My son LOVES this toy ! It 's his favorite . My son is 1 and already puts the pieces through some of the correct shapes -LRB- clever lil sausage -RRB- . Great value for money and for super motor skills .
 I got this toy for my nieces ' birthday . It 's smaller than what I was expecting , but it 's good for her . The pieces are n't too small and she likes playing with it .
 This is a great educational toy . To make effective use you have to sit with your kid and guide them to put in the correct shapes . Ideal age to start practicing is around 1 yr . First you have to sit with them and put the shapes inside the box for them . then you can guide their hand to put in correct shapes . Easiest shape to start is Round . Practice Round shape for 1 week then go with other shapes .
 This toy is nothing more and nothing less than your typical old-school shape sorter . It 's got the plastic bucket with a lid that has cut out holes in the shape of the plastic pieces that the kid it supposed to put in it . You pretty much know what to expect . I like this particular one because it 's durable - we got ours second hand and it has endured a year of use so far and it still actually looks brand new . It 's still a great value for the price even if you buy it new , though.At first I was kind of annoyed that the lid did n't snap on , but I eventually realized that if it did the baby would not be able to pull it off . Over all this is a good toy that every baby ought to have and that will keep a child 's interest for a long time .
 My twins are 7 month . Still do n't put figures on holes , but play with figures and colors . 18 19 20 .
 Although my daughter is only 9 months old and hasnt figured out how to push the shapes through the corresponding holes yet , she still has fun playing with this toy ! The lid is not hard to take off the bucket so she takes the shapes out and plays with them and then puts them back into the bucket . As she grows this toy will help her learn shapes and colors . Great toy overall .
 This shape sorter is great . Sadly my baby has yet to get to play with it . My 3 year old is attracted by its bright colors and steals it the second she gets to play with it . I wish the lid was hinged maybe somehow . The baby easily gets it all apart and then cant figure what to do from there besides just throw shapes in the box since the top is no longer on it
 We use this in the house and it fits nicely under the seat in our car . It is easy to take different locations and our daughter loves it .
 Both my new grandbabies , ages 15 months and 12 months , love this toy ! They love dumping them out and putting them back in . The shapes are a perfect size for their little hands , and we expect them to be a favorite for a long time .
 This has been a great toy for my son . When he first got it , he enjoyed dumping out the shapes , putting them back in the container and putting the cover on . Many people complain that the cover does n't snap on , and that was my initial reaction , too . My son was frustrated when he could n't get it to fit on perfectly , but he has learned how to close the container by himself . If the lid snapped on well , babies would n't be able to play with the toy . For my son , part of the fun is not just the sorting , but the dumping out , cleaning up , and closing the box . He has since learned how to sort the shapes and has even learned a couple of shapes .
 Came in great condition and perfect packaging but havent used yet since its a Christmas present for my 1yr old son but I know hes gon na love it ! Thank you !!!
 My 7 month old son loves this ! He is not able to put the blocks into the correct holes yet but loves pulling the blocks out and putting them in the bucket . He bangs on the back of the bucket , munches on the blocks , and throws them about chasing after them . I think this toy will be and is one of his favorites especially onces he figures out how to to put the shapes in the correct holes .
 Bought this for my son and he really used it and learned from it . Now if I can just get my dog to put the star in the right slot , I would ave a great home movie .
 This is a gift for my 7 month old grandson . I trust Fisher Price and I 'm sure he 'll enjoy it .
 I 've watched ours be played with by at least 3 different children , and a couple of kittens too ! When the children are small - 12 months or so - they tend to enjoy pulling the lid off , knocking down stacks of blocks -LRB- built by someone older -RRB- , putting the blocks in the bucket and banging on the upturned `` drum '' . A little older and they start trying to put them through the holes in the lid . By 2 years or so they were regularly putting the shapes through the holes , tidying up the blocks and carrying the bucket round.I know some reviewers did n't like how easily the lid is removed , but in my experience the children did that when they were n't quite ready for matching shapes and holes . Once their interest was piqued , they loved doing it over and over , especially as they could get the blocks out themselves . -LRB- There 's almost nothing more frustrating for child and adult than having to stop what you 're doing every 2 minutes to open a container to release the toys . -RRB-
 I bought this toy for my grandson to play with while at my house . At 8 months he did n't do anything with it at all ... I took the lid off and he did throw a few shapes into the open bucket . If you are worried about any chemicals , this would not be the age to give it to your child . I am not too concerned about that , as he really has n't put the pieces in his mouth much.Now , at almost 14 months , my grandson is just starting to try to fit the shapes through the holes in the lid . The lid does not snap on . . and does n't stay on well if the child knocks the toy around at all ... however , it sure is n't a problem for him to take the lid off of the bucket when he wants to ! I believe later on he may like to carry the bucket around with toys in it . . So , I think we will get a lot of use out of this toy . Definitely worth the money .
 my son liked it ... ... ...
 This toy was actually a gift to my 18 month old twin nephews and they could n't figure it out so they actually enjoy banging the pieces together lol . But I do have a niece who is three and she loves this toy -LRB- though it was n't necessarily meant for her -RRB- . She has fun figuring out which shapes go where and naming the shapes and the colors of them . I would recommend this !
 We got this for Christmas for our 6 month old . While any shape sorter is great , this one has a handle and I think that is such a wonderful feature . I am sure when she is older she will enjoy carrying it around with her :-RRB- The size is nice too , fits perfectly on her shelf
 The Baby 's First Blocks is a toy made by Fisher Price . It promotes hand eye coordination , sorting , color and shape recognition . The blocks came in five different shapes and colors which all come in a bucket with a shape sorter lid . The bucket also has a handle which makes it easy to carry around . Once the child is finished playing , everything can be placed inside the bucket for easy storage . The toy is made of durable plastic and is easily cleaned . This is a toy that kept my children occupied for hours.Fisher Price Baby 's First Blocks are very versatile and fun and will keep your baby busy for a long time .
 Great solid toy expect that the top comes off quite easily . Still good quality and durability for the price . Nice
 My mother got this for my son for xmas . Very durable , cute , and compact . The blocks bounce off my head comfortably . I wish the lid attached instead of rested on top , but seeing as this is a baby toy it makes sense for them to get into it easily . Bright colors are nice for gaining childs attention . My son was very happy !
 The colours draws your attention.I like the product I am just a little disappointed with the size , thought it would have been bigger . It will provide loads of fun though .
 I purchased numerous electronic toys for my 15 month old daughter this year for christmas . When it was all said and done , she spent most her time with this and one other toy . Good hand-eye coordination tool , hard to break , no batteries required quality toy .
 My daughter loved these when she was little so I though it would be a great gift for my nephew . Even if they are too little yet to put the shapes in the box they still really enjoy playing with them and my daughter would remove the lid and just carry around the bucket .
 se recomienda muy buen producto , llego a tiempo , tal cual lo que pedi fue lo que me llego muchas gracias .
 Fisher-Price Brilliant Basics Baby 's First BlocksGreat toy for small child to learn colors , shapes and coordination . My great grandson loves this toy . I also love that when he throws a piece it 's not hard and does n't break . Thanks for carrying toys for small children which are educational and fun at Amazon .
 It 's amusing for the baby . . to throw away every figure , if you are playing and teaching your baby it 's good , the lid is way too easy to take off which is good and bad at the same time the baby can take it off and get out the figures but also able to take it off to put IN the figures , when I wanted that my baby try it on her own , she choose the easy way and then turn to see me :-RRB- overall I do recommend this toy , trust me your baby will find a use for this toy and all of its parts : D
 My son loved to play with it and still does . When i bought this toy he just turned 1 year so may be it was a bit early for him . However , he found lots of other ways how to play with it , including hiding blocks all over the apartment . Now , when he is already 2 years , he still plays with the blocks from time to time , now using this toy the way at was meant to be used . I was recommend this toy to others .
 We purchased this for my son for his first christmas when he was just under 1 years old . It was perfect ... the right price , simply made -LRB- no bells and whistles -RRB- but purposeful educational play . He has really enjoyed trying to match the shapes to the differnt holes and then of course taking the lid off and dumping them out , after all that 's the best part ! I have used this to name the shapes with him and he now says square . Also , I use the colors of the shapes to help him learn the names of colors . He enjoyed playing with it for about a year . Definitely worth the purchase .
 Great toy , great colors . very educational.I love the shapes and colors of it . kind of looking forward to see my baby fully playing with it.thanks for the quick delivered
 I got this as a present for my 7 month old . He loves the lid . I 'm sure when he gets a little bit older He 'll actually play with the rest . It 's not the toy 's fault ! It 's a very simple and very colorful toy . My pit has even chewed on the star and it did n't do much damage so 5 stars for durability !
 Another gift given for Christmas . Good price and educational toy . Helps with learning shapes and is a great gift idea for infants and toddlers .
 I just wanted to chime in since a lot of people are downing the sorter being the lid does n't stay on . It 's true the lid easily comes off but that does n't make it a bad sorter . My daughter just puts the lid on the floor , takes the blocks out of the box then sorts them . The lid has enough lift that when she puts the shapes in the holes they are flush with the lid . Once she is done she picks up the lid & puts the shapes back in the box . We have another multi-sided sorter where the lid slides in place but I prefer this one because she -LRB- 17 months -RRB- can do it on her own whereas the other one has to be more guided . This one has also taught her colors because each shape has it 's own color . Some others I have seen have the shapes all one color . My daugher also likes to turn the bucket upside down & use it as a drum . This is a great value & I highly recommend this product .
 This is a basic toy , but it captures my baby 's interests perfectly at 8mo . Since she is sitting up and loves to look inside my bags , drawers , etc , this is great because I can sit her with the bucket filled with toys and she can explore it or dump it over without me worrying . I often add in other small -LRB- baby safe -RRB- toys , and she loves it . She also really likes the small shapes that come in this toy . She loves to feel them , mouth them and bang them against things . She does n't actually sort them yet , but I am sure that will come with time .
 My kids really liked this toy and still play with it . It is pretty elementary and my daughter loves telling me the shapes and colors !
 Got my nephew this for Christmas and not only does he love it -LRB- ! -RRB- he now can put all the blocks in the correct holes as quickly as any adult . I have no doubt this under - $ 10 `` toy '' helps to develop hand-eye coordination .
 I ordered thos toy for my 19 month old son . After I ordered it , I read reviews about children just taking the lid off and putting the shapes in and out . After I read them reviews I thought for sure I would be returning this toy . But my son loves it . Yes more than not the lid is off but if I sit with him and put the lid on he will put the shapes through the lid . Also I have caught him putting the lid upside down on the floor and placing the shapes in the correct whole which makes the toy still serve its purpose . All in all I am happy with the product . Do I think the lid should maybe be a bit of a better fit to the top so it is not so easy to pull off ... sure . but for the money I ca n't complain
 We got this toy when my son was 6 months old . At that time , he liked to chew on the blocks and the lid but had no other use for this toy . By about 8 months old , he also loved knocking over the blocks if I stacked them for him . When he started crawling , he 'd shoot across the room toward me any time he saw me starting to stack the blocks.By about 9 months old , he got the hang of `` in '' and `` out '' and enjoyed dumping the blocks out of the bucket and occasionally throwing them back in -LRB- with the lid off -RRB- . At 11 months old , he still has not mastered the shape sorting aspect of it , though he does sometimes try to put the shapes through the holes in the lid now . One thing I have noticed is that if I put the lid on top of the bucket , he immediately removes it . However , if I put it on the floor , he will sometimes try to put the shapes in the correct holes.Considering that I paid $ 8.99 for this toy and he 's played with it for about 5 months now , I definitely think it 's worth the price .
 For the price this toy was worthy the only thing I would change was the lid . It comes off too easy making it frustrating for little ones .
 My 10 month absolutely LOVES this toy . It is , by far , his most favorite toy ever . He always wants to play with it !
 I am teaching my 6 month old shapes and this is handy even though she likes to throw or push the cubes around . She will attempt to move towards it and grab it on the playmat , I would say this is good in training her psychomotor skills .
 Fun classic shape sorting play . My child enjoys manipulating the blocks and dropping them into the slots . I taught her to `` turn '' the shape when it does n't line up perfectly on the first try . She also like carrying the basket around like a purse . I find the pieces all over the house , but that is expected with any toy with loose parts I guess ...
 This is a great toy . My 6 month old really gets a kick out of it . I like it because I am hoping it will be fun for a while when she can sort the toys . Had it for a week now and already gotten my moneys worth out of it .
 We received this toy as a gift when our son was born . He is now 8 months old , and this is easily the toy he has played with the most . It was one of the first toys he was interested in playing with on his own . So far we 've only learned `` IN '' and `` OUT '' -LRB- and `` DROP FROM THE HIGHCHAIR '' -RRB- but we look forward to learning colors & shapes .
 At just age one my son love to dump this out and watch me fill it back up . While this very routine right now ; I notice more and more him watching how I put each piece into the correct slot . Not to long ago I caught him not paying attention to me being close by and observed him attempting to do the same . Unfortunately it did not work our and he toppled the entire bucket over again but he wants to learn and that is what is so important.We have worked with these for months now and yes they have gotten very dirty at times . Simply soak and wash in a sick of baby friendly soap . They come out amazingly clean and with a solid line structure , it is easy for me to get into even the corners to clean .
 Did n't think there was anything special to this toy but since my son is in speech therapy she uses one and I decided to purchase one so he could practice at home and he loves it ! He plays with it a couple times a day and has gotten so good at it ! It also helped him learn his colors !
 My son loves sorters and has 9 different ones , and this is one of his favorites , he likes that he can take the lid off and on , that it has a handle , and that there are 6 different shapes -LRB- instead of just 4 like some others -RRB- . keeps his attention .
 My daughter loves this toy . It keeps her busy . She especially likes the yellow lid :--RRB- This is a great educational toy .
 Excellent toy for my son . Now every time we go out he shows me around and square forms in town .
 Such a great toy for almost any baby . My kid loves it every time I bring it out . I feel like he 's played with it a million times , and he 's still not tired of it !
 the toy is a colorful and fun way to teach children concepts of colors , shapes , visual spatial orientation and object manipulation ... the colors are fun , the shapes basic , and the durability ensures long term fun and learning ...
 This is excellent , my 9 month old loves it , the price is really good aswell.Thank you very very much !
 Brightly painted , easy to hold blocks . Give them a good washing and they can be used as colorful cookie cutters !
 Got this for my friends kid and he seemed to liked logical games . Its very durable and keeps the kids entertained .
 I bought this for my child a little early but he still enjoys it tremendously . he love to open the box & just spill out the toys . he then will pick his favorite colored shape for the day on pick that one to teeth on for the day . If we put the rest back in the box , he will proceed to pour them all out on the floor again.He is having fun with them & that means i 'm having fun with them .
 My son is now 17 months old . Someone bought this for him when he was about 10 months old and he has played with it almost every day since . He absolutely loves it . It 's amazing to see how he has gone from just playing with the pieces , to actually putting them in the appropriate holes . Great toy ! It 's a gem .
 My daughter loves this toy but the top comes off very easily . Wish it was harder to take off .
 We bought this for our 8 month old granddaughter and she plays with it constantly . She loves the blocks but ca n't yet put them in the correct holes , that will come in time .
 My one-yr old g ` son ca n't quite handle the &#34; shape-to-shape &#34; function , but picks one out each day to carry around as his favorite . I have one at my house , too . This is a favorite for all time with children .
 My son loves this , even though he does n't quite get how to use it yet . It is a wonderful learning game .
 I got this for my two year old cousin at Christmas . She wanted to play with this the second she opened it ! Was n't interested in opening another present either . You ca n't beat the price .
 I purchased this for my daughter when she was 6 months old . At first all she wanted was to take the lid off and dump the shapes out and then she would lose interest . When she was about 14 months old we started working together on identifying the shapes and I would show her how to drop them in the box . Now at 19 months she loves to sit on her own and drop in the shapes . She will take the lid off , dump the shapes , replace the lid and start over again . She can name the shapes and now we are using it to work on the colors . She will frequently ask me to play `` blocks '' and carry over the box . This toy is inexpensive , durable , and invaluable in my home .
 My son loved playing with this toy . It is an educational toy , challenging for the younger ones but my grandson loved it and now we are passing it on to my next grandchild !
 I bought this as a gift for my niece 's first birthday . I am told that she loves the colors and shapes . It is the perfect size and weight for her to carry it anywhere she goes . She also loves taking the lid off and putting it back on .
 I just recently bought this item for my 8 month old son . He loves it ! He does n't quite get that the pieces are shaped to fit into the specific holes yet , but he does enjoy dumping them out onto the floor and examining the different shapes and colors . The pieces are also a good size for a little one , such as mine , who is into biting , chewing and putting everything in his mouth ! There is no worry that he will swallow any of these pieces . Really great , inexpensive , first block set to own . I will be buying one for my friend 's son very soon !
 My little boy has played with this in various ways - he is nearly 18 months now . He is just now really getting the shape sorting probably because the lid does n't stay in place so like others have said , what 's the point of putting them in the holes if there is an easier way of just taking off the lid and putting them in the box ? But he also takes the blocks and stacks them . The one good thing about the removable top though is that I can teach him to put things away , then I put the lid on -LRB- he tries -RRB- and we put the box away .
 Just like the name implies , its a simple , basic baby sorter . Every child should have one . It develops their curiosity and their logical thinking . The only draw back that I can say , like many other reviews , is the lid - it does not stay closed . The baby can take it on and off as s/he pleases and just put the shapes back in or out .
 I bought this for my 18mo niece this past Christmas . She hardly played with anything else the entire week . I would definitely recommend .
 I have seen this toy at my daughters daycare and my daughter has always played with this toy . I love it because it is educational and something she can carry like a purse which is exactly what she does when shes done putting the shapes back in the bucket !!!!!!!!!
 This toy is great ! My daughter loves this . She has n't figured out to put the blocks through their respective shapes in the top yet , but she loves to take the top off , dump the pieces out and play with them . She plays with this everyday .
 I brought it for my grandson 's first Christmas , I have not got to give it to him yet.He lives in another state . I like it and believe he will . It is a great gift to give a child .
 This is a simple but great toy . It really grows with your baby . At first you can begin by just practicing putting in and taking out the blocks ... as your baby grows you can practice putting in the basic shapes and then the more complex ones ... finally you can have your baby put them in by color ... our baby is 16 months old and has had this since 9 months old . We put it with her in her 10 minute pack and play time and she still loves it !
 This is a great toy for the development of young children . I need to see how often my daughter plays with it .
 CHOOSE 4 AS A RATING FOR THIS TOY . LIKED THAT IT IS EASY TO MAINTAIN AND CLEAN . RECOMMEND AS A FIRST TOY .
 A great inexpensive gift for my just under 1 year old grandson , his mother said she was going to get one also and now she wo n't have to . Again , uses kid power , not battery power and tests their skills .
 My husband & I love this toy . My 10 month old plays with it everyday & has since she 's been 7 months old.Although I agree that the lid comes off easily , I do n't see it as a problem . Infact , I actually like that about the toy because it can be used to hold other toys . There is no way a 6 month old has the ability to fit the shapes in the correct holes anyhow - that is a much more advanced skill that my friend 's 2 year old is just learning now with the same exact toy . So I would argue that this toy is good for children of all ages because it can be used for many different stages of development . When she first started playing with the toy she 'd just put the blocks in her mouth & knock the container over to spill them all out . Within the last few weeks we 've noticed she now is much more deliberate and will take the blocks out & place them back into the container without knocking anything over . We can really see her development with this toy more so than with any other . Perhaps this is because she plays with them everyday . We also like this toy more than any other because it allows us to interact with her so much more . We can play with the blocks with her such as building towers for her to knock down , showing her the colors & shapes & how they fit , even tossing or rolling them back & forth to get her used to the idea of rolling , catching & throwing . The 2 biggest complaints I have are that 1 -RRB- they are easy to lose , and 2 -RRB- they are impossible to find in the stores . Toyrus does n't have them in their stores or online as far as I can tell , and I could only find them in an actual target store , not online at all . So if you want this toy I suggest you order it from Amazon.com and do n't even bother looking for it anywhere else .
 This item it lots of fun for the children in my daycare I will have to order more and better value than at store especially with free shipping .
 This toy that i had went through two children and I was still able to sell it on Ebay to someone who was able to let their baby play with it . The only reason that I sold it was because my kids grew out of it . Annette
 I bought this toy orignally for my daughters -LSB- who 's 8 months -RSB- first x-mas . I desided after to give it to her sooner as a toy . she loves it . yes obviously she throws and chews on the blocks but when she matched the shapes she gets very excited with herself ... . however to many other reviews the lid on my daughters is fine fits and stays in place . i would suggest this toy for anyone who wants a small cheap entertaining toy for thier child
 i agree with other reviewers that the lid is way too loose . i would say the toy can not be used as a shape sorter for an infant , since my daughter immediately lifts the lid right off , no matter how many times i put it down and demonstrate how to play with the toy . she does love picking up all the parts -- the blocks , the lids and the container . we play with is as a fill-and-spill , and we stack the blocks , too . a good price for a toy that has given her hours up hours of entertainment , however it is not being used as a shape-sorter .
 We visited my brother-in-law and his new baby had this block set . She really liked it and my 6 month old like playing with them too . So when we got home we picked one up . He plays with the blocks everyday . We are all pleased with this purchase .
 I like this classic idea and how simple the design is . My son is n't quite ready to sort shapes yet , but he loves taking them out of the bucket and putting them back in . They fit perfectly in his little hands . We use them in usual play time , but they are also fun in the baby pool and the bathtub - they float and they dry really quickly . Love the bright colors !
 We 've acquired several shape-sorter toys , but our baby ALWAYS comes back to this oldie-but-goodie ! Do n't waste money on more expensive versions . Brightly-colored and durable , we 're constantly finding new ways to play with this one - highly recommend !!!
 I bought this item for my , then , 6 months old . He did n't seem to take a liking to it at first but at about 7 months he really got into the blocks . Now , all he does when he plays is look for his blocks ! They are easy to grasp , even for tiny hands and with Fisher Price , I have never been concerned with product durability . My son gets a lot of use with them , and I think the bright colors make it a favorite for him . The best part about it is there is enough room to put additional odds and ends in it making it great for playtime on the go . `` A '' product
 These blocks and shape sorter is fabulous . My son loved it right from the beginning and is still fascinated with the pieces . He 's just about 12 months and we 've had it since he was about 6 months . Fisher-Price makes great toys at great prices !
 This set of blocks was an impulse buy . My baby was beginning to sit up and I wanted something that would keep him occupied while he was practicing his new sitting skills . I also am trying to balance the singing/noisemaking toys with simpler toys.For a 7 month old baby -LRB- he got them at 5 months -RRB- I love everything about these blocks , the bucket and the lid . They are colorful and catch his attention . They are lightweight so he can pick them up and manipulate them . His coordination is improving on a daily basis . Other reviews have mentioned that the lid does n't stay on so , but I see this as a positive so that my baby can remove the lid himself and take out all the toys inside . Maybe as my child gets older and is able to use the sorter , I will be more concerned with this , but for now it does n't present a problem.I was n't expecting this simple toy to hold his attention for very long , but this is the toy that he plays with for the longest period of time . He has n't gotten bored with it at all . Well worth the cost , but cheaper elsewhere .
 Like most other young infants , our daughter prefers to pull the top off , dump the blocks out , and chew on everything . She 's 8 mos now , so I figure in a few more months or so she might just start trying to figure it out . She loves it though ... so we do too ! I actually like the fact that the lid comes off so easily . If it did n't , she might not play with it at all yet . Afterall , what baby wants to play with something frustrating ? : -RRB-
 I bought this for my son and at first he was a little young for it , but a few months later , he loved trying to find the right blocks to fit into the right shapes . He 's 18 months old now and he plays with this alot , it 's on of the few toys he does play with .
 This was bought for my 6 month old , so at first he 's just chewing on the blocks , but I am really excited for him to start realizing what he is `` supposed '' to do with it . Very durable , bright colors , great toy all around.As other reviewers have mentioned , the lid does no snap on , and I 'm sure a lot of babies will learn to bypass the sorting because of this . Honestly , I see that as logical reasoning ! Toys that have many uses are great in my house , and if he wants to just fill up the bucket and dump it out then I 'm fine with it . Sorting the shapes will be a special game we play together .
 Baby would choose this toy over the rest , but I 'm waiting till he gets just a little older .
 My daughter received this as a gift for her first birthday . She loves to sort the shapes and put them in the bucket . Very durable and worth the price . The reason for 4 stars is that the top comes off too easily .
 I got this for my 8 month old son and he just loves it . It makes his little brain work trying to figure out which shape goes in the hole . This product is great toy .
 We bought this for my son when he was six months old . At that time he was just interested in chewing on the blocks and turning them over , but as he gets older -LRB- he is almost 11 months now -RRB- he finds more to do with the blocks . He throws them and chases after them , he bangs them on the floor , he puts them in the pail and dumps them out again and again ... I am sure he will soon be working on putting them through the holes in the lid . This is a great basic toy to help babies learn about shapes and colors , as well as how shape affects how things turn or roll . My son has lots of fancy expensive toys , but he would rather have these blocks , a spatula , and a clean two liter bottle , and he can play for ages . My only complaint is that the blocks are impossible to keep together and we find them under the sofa and under the pack-n-play , and behind the chair - you get the idea . But that really is n't a solveable problem , I 'm just whining , so the toy still gets 5 stars .
 This is one of my infant daughters favorites , and it is super durable . She has n't figured out how to sort yet , but she really enjoys looking at the blocks , banging them together , and knocking over towers that we build with them.My only complaint is Amazon 's price . I bought this for about -LSB- ... -RSB- regular price instore at another retailer who 's name I will not mention . It 's a great toy -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My nine month old son likes this toy . The lid does n't snap on so its easy for him to have fun without getting frustrated . Perhaps when he is older he will play with it more the way its intended . But for now , he is just having fun , which means he is happy and distracted from trying to grab buttons and other things inappropriate for babies .
 The toy is smaller than expected , even with the picture of the item showing the perspective with the child in the photo . Colorful yes , but small . I feel it will be able to be durable enough because of the tough plastic and solid construction .
 The lid comes off of the box too easily , but other than that its great . I love the bright colors and shapes . My baby is too young to place the blocks in the shape . Right now , we are working on learning how to put the blocks in the box without the lid .
 Without question , this shapes box is a classic . For whatever reason , it has become our sons favorite toy . I 'm subtracting one star because the lid should n't come off so easily .
 My son is 9 months and he loved this toy . He takes cover of and puts the objects inside and then take them out . He stays in this for a long time .
 My 12mo is always removing and putting the pieces back in the bucket . She has n't mastered the cut-out cover yet , but still has her fair share of fun . Mommy & daddy 's feet love to find these pieces !!
 I gave my grandson this toy before the age listed . At first he could n't not put the blocks into the correct holes but spent endless time removing the lid , dumping the shapes out , putting the shapes back in . Other things would also go into the basket . He even carries things in the basket .
 It helps babies learn their shapes and colors . It also keeps the mess down . I also like that you can take it in to the tub . It can be given to a baby and they will still play with it as they get in to school . And when you are done with it , you can give it to someone else who has a baby .
 I love buying educational gifts for little ones ! Great price too ! Ca n't wait till Christmas ! I hope that my nephew will love it .
 My son just loves this toy And its a great toy for him to learn hand eye coordination . Just a great toy
 I bought these for my 7 month old , she absolutely loves them . They were also a great price , and arrived on time .
 This is the second time I bought this toy and it never fails ! My sister works in the child development field and says this is great toy to help with the child 's development . It looks exactly like it does in the photo . The colors are great . My niece has had hers for years and despite sanitizing it still keeps its original color . Very heavy duty .
 This is a great classic sorter for babies and the perfect way for them to learn their shapes . Very sturdy and well made .
 As described . Shipped fast . I did expect it to be a little larger than what was recieved so that is why only 4 stars .
 My son loves this toy ! I love this toy because it makes him use his brain and figure out which ones go in which hole .
 My almost-2-year-old daughter has had these blocks for about a year and still enjoys playing with them . The only reason why I wo n't give it a perfect score is because the lid is too easy to take off . Otherwise , they 're easy to clean and fun to take on trips to keep her busy .
 Both my sons have loved this toy , especially once they hit the age they put the shapes in . It made them so proud to hear the shape drop in ! It is easier than some others we have and thus wonderful for beginners . The plastic pieces are very durable , but I gave the product four stars as the sticker on the box was partially chewed off by one of our boys . I wish it did n't come with the sticker , but I guess if this is a concern you could always scrape/tear it off before a chewer decides to do it . I just thought a toy like this that is listed for a baby would be `` chew proof '' . For the price it was well worth the money .
 This is a good learning toy for a baby . It has 5 different shapes , which is more than other similar toys , it is a great size -LRB- easily storable -RRB- and the handle is wonderful . I would have preferred different colors of the same shapes rather than all one color for each shape , but that is not a big deal . This is a great buy .
 My daughter loved this toy when she was young . It helped her learn five colors and shapes , and we also used it as a therapy toy when she was young -LRB- fine motor skills -RRB- .
 My 9 month old is more interested in chewing the shapes , tossing them in the bucket and pouring it out than to shove and sort the shapes into the correct mold . Overall , it 's a fun toy and he enjoys it .
 It is a simple toy that gets the job done and serves the purpose . It is nice that there are 2 pieces for each shape . I 'm sure we will continue to use as language skills are acquired .
 My son LOVES this . He likes to take the top off and empty out the container . It will be fun to see the different ways he plays with this toy as he gets older .
 My 4 month old daughter likes this toy , not so much for the sorting function yet , but because the blocks are easy to handle and she can carry/flip/throw the bucket around . I agree with some of the other reviewers about the lid not snapping on . Just to make it clear , when an adult is carefully carrying this by the handle , the lid can pop off . Every time I show her how a block wo n't fit in the wrong hole and then put it in the right one , she tries to interrupt me by taking off the lid to make it easier . Funny at first , but I wonder if this will delay it 's true functionality until she 's old enough to value the ` puzzle ' aspect . Overall though , it 's durable , easy to clean , and she seems to really like it .
 I bought this toy when my child was an infant . He loved the bright colors and putting the shapes into the sorter . . that is until he found he could easily open the lid . From then on , he was more excited about putting the lid on and taking it off . Nice product , just wish it gave some resistance for taking the lid off .
 My son is seven months and he is enjoying playing with the blocks . He is still working on his coordination though ... he loves the bright colors and the different shapes of the blocks .
 My son absolutely loves this bucket of blocks . he usually lets me put him down in his play pen as long as i have this to give to him . He plays with it for more than 30 mins . which actually surprises me considering they have very samll attention span . I love that i get stuff done while hes getting some cognitive learning done . Now i 'll pay good money for that trade off !
 My daughter loves playing with these . She likes the different shapes and colors . This is such a simple product , but that 's part of what makes it so great ... no batteries required !
 Sometimes I yearn for more basic simple toys such as this one . Not everything has to light up and make noise to be fun . My son loves this and carries it around by the handle all day sometimes . when he is n't shape sorting he is using it to lug his toys around the house . It is definitely durable -LRB- it would have to be to still be in one piece after my son got his hands on it -RRB- .
 My daughter got this toy for her first birthday . She 's 17 months now and still likes playing with it . She will actually spend a considerable amount of time -LRB- considerable for her two second attention span ... -RRB- trying to get the shapes in the right holes . She likes when we play together and I can help her find the right hole . She also likes to pick out the colors that I specify . The lid does come off easily , as others mentioned . However , I do n't really see this as a negative . If it did n't come off , my daughter would try , get frustrated , and leave the toy altogether . At least the way it is , if she gets tired of trying to put the blocks in the holes she can just take the lid off and do it that way . Plus , once they 're all inside she can dump them back out , which is possibly more fun then putting them in in the first place . She also likes the handle so she can carry it around with her . All in all , a great toy!Save money and earn cash back when you shop online!http : / / home.bigcrumbs.com/LeahS
 I purchased these blocks for my grandson for a chirstmas gift . I know he will learn from them as they have brilliant colors , to keep him envolved in playing with them . The different shapes that they come is a great so he can learn as he is playing with them . I love that it comes with a container to keep them all in when done playing daily . I definatly would recommend these for any small child . they are big enought as not to have to worry about a child choking on them .
 My one year old really enjoys these blocks . We stack them up for him and he likes to knock them down . He also gets a big kick out of putting the blocks into the correct holes and taking the lid off and putting the lid back on the box . The toy comes with ten plastic blocks in five different shapes and they are the perfect size for little hands .
 This was one of the first toys I gave my daughter . She likes to bang the shapes together , drop them from high places and uses the lid as a hat or to look through . She also finds much enjoyment from filling the box and dumping it over and over again . This is an inexpensive toy that brings hours of fun , without lights , batteries or annoying sounds . You ca n't beat a classic and I truly believe it promotes a sense of creativity .
 I am really pleased with this toy . My son really enjoys trying to fit everything in the right place . I would recommend this to anyone with small children !
 I bought this for my grandson . My daughter had one similar when she was a baby & was very helpful in her shape recognition . I 'm sure when my grandson is alittle older he too will have fun with it instead of just a chew toy .
 I have a 17 year old son and an 11 month old son . I bought this in the old style when my oldest was a baby and he loved it so I had to get one for my new little man and again it is a huge hit . He constantly plays with the bucket ... putting blocks , shapes , anything he can find in and out of it . Putting items in and shaking it up to be noisy makes him laugh too . It also doubles as a drum when you turn it over ... or at least he seems to think this is a great drum to hit on . This is the BEST basic toy for any baby ! Definitely get one !
 My son is 20 months . We were given this toy about 6 months ago and it has been one of his favorites ever since . He enjoys being able to easily carry around his shape toy into whatever room mom and dad are hanging out in . It has great educational value as we go over the shape 's names and the colors while he plays with it , and he has gotten so fast at getting all of the shapes in correctly . Also , this toy is interchangeable with other Fisher-Price toys that have shape activities . Like the Fisher Price Laugh and Learn House has the same shapes that it comes with that fit into grooves along the top of the house , and we have that toy too . The shapes it came with we keep with this toy so that there are more for our son to play with . I think the bright colors of this toy draw kids to it , and especially for the price , I would recommend this toy to any child old enough to sit up and play !
 Got this for my son when he was about a year . He has known colors and shapes since 18 mos . Not necessarily due to this toy , but it did n't hurt . He loves it still . It 's a classic for a reason . Buy it !!
 I will rate 5stars for all products if my baby willing to play on it . This is a very good learning toys . I 'm glad that my baby ca n't bite on this !! Cause this is really hard . : p
 My toddler still like his toy , at first I pointed where to put each shape , now -LRB- he is almost 2 -RRB- he does it on his own . He has been playing with it for almost a year .
 This item is a great learning tool because of all of the shapes and colors and it helps a child work on spatial reasoning . That being said , the manufacturer 's images make the toy look bigger than it really is when you receive it
 My son loves the bright colors . He seats for a good hour every day and tries to figure it out . He just turned one
 she loves it so much and play it by her self !! she put everything in and then out ... i have no idea what she so busy@@
 My 10 month old loves this toy . He has n't really tried to put the blocks in the shape holes too much yet . He loves to take the lid off and try to put it back on . He also loves to bang the blocks together and take them out and put them back in the bucket . When I try to put the lid on and put the block in through the shape hole , he tries to take lid off . The lid comes off very easy .
 Babies do n't need much , but this toy is a must have at any age they love the blocks then eventually they will understand putting them in the shapes holes .
 This toy is great for older infants and younger toddlers . It brings me back to my childhood and how simple the toys were back then . There is a nostalgia to this type of toy .
 My friend has 4 children they all played with it and now pass it down to my 4 month old son , Babies love this toy my 2 year old son play with it everyday . It 's good that the lid can come off cause my son can removed the shapes , closed it and to put them right back in . Overall I think it 's a great toy for the price it keep kids busy .
 This gift is for a down syndrom baby 18 months old to help her learn her shapes . It will take her some more time but she is learning . Fisher-Price toys are always well constructed and while she is learning shapes she also learns colors . I always bought Fisher-Price toys for my children and I continue with my grandchildren .
 son bellos muy duraderos y resistentes a mi hijo le encanta juega mucho con el durante el dia me encanta
 Baby Blocks is one of a baby 's first toys . I bought this item for my Grandson 's 1st birthday . He loves it , and it 's his overall favorite toy . He likes to crawl around with blocks in his hand , clapping with blocks in his hand to make noise , chewing on them is not a danger to him and he loves dumping them out of the bucket . He even plays Peek-a-Boo with them ; we hide them under the lid and he comes and finds them , and tries to put the blocks into their holes while the lid is on the floor rather than on the bucket . He uses the bucket as a drum more than anything . I look forward to when he starts put the blocks through the lid holes while it 's on the bucket and use the bucket to store his blocks when he is done playing with them , which we play at even now .
 My lil one loves to put things in and out of this bucket ! It has been well worth the money !
 This shape sorter is very nice for the price . It does what it 's suppose to do , which helps toddlers learn their shapes .
 PRETTY BASIC BUT LOTS OF FUN FOR OUR LITTLE MAN . THE FLAT TOP HELPS HIS LITTLE UNSTEADY HANDS NAVIGATE TO THE CORRECT OPENING . GREAT TOY FROM BEGINNERS TO INTERMEDIATE .
 My 13month old daughter is loving this toy . We 've had it for 2.5 months and she plays iwth it everday . She stacks the blocks or takes them put/puts them back into the bucket . Sometimes she bangs the shapes together . its great and entertaing for her . She doesnt know the shapes and colors yet , but thats part II of the educational value of this product !
 My son loves to play with these blocks . He 's not yet able to put them through the correct holes , but he still loves to play with the bucket . Great for learning colors and shapes .
 We got this as a gift for my 6 month old and he still plays with it 10 months later . Its a good , fun , durable block set . Highly recommend .
 My son got this toy for his 1st birthday , but at the age of 2 , we are still having fun with it ! When he was younger , he enjoyed watching me stack the shapes into a tower , and then he would knock them down . As he got a little older , he could stack a few of them -LRB- some of the shapes are a little difficult to stack -RRB- . Eventually , he was old enough to tell me what the shapes are , what color they are , and where they go . And now that he can do all this at age 2 , we have made our own game of sliding the shapes into each other up and down the hallway -LRB- the blue cylinders are EXCELLENT at getting great weebly-wobbly spins -RRB- !!! If you 've got an imagination , you can get a LOT of use out of this toy , and your child will learn lots , too !
 The best thing about this toy is that there are two of each shape and they are exactly the same color . This is great because a parent can take one shape and the child can have the copy and they can see it is the same , then the parent can show the child where it goes and the child can copy the parent immediately . It 's ideal !
 As my 14 month daughter works on getting the right shape in the right hole . It 's true that sometimes she just gets frustrated and picks up the lid and throws the shapes in the bucket instead of sorting them , but when I play with her talk to her and ask her where each shape goes she really focuses and we get them together . She looks so proud of herself when she gets them right , too ! But even when she is playing by herself and taking the lid off , it 's still a very fun toy for her to put them all in , take them out , and do it all over again !
 My 8 month old has been playing with this for 2 months , and she LOVES it . She feels the shapes , chews on them , throws them , bangs them together , etc. . However , she does n't actually put the shapes through their correct hole . The lid comes off way too easily ! She rips the lid off , bangs it on the red box , throws it , chews it , but never uses it as it is intended . Perhaps if the lid snapped on somehow she would learn how to put the shapes into the holes.I do use this toy to say the name of the shape and the colors , and I try to show her how they fit into the holes , but she 's not interested.One good thing is you can wash them in the sink with soap and water very easily . You ca n't do this with a lot of toys .
 I am surprised at how many people complain about how easily the lid removes . My daughter received this toy at 6 months old . It SHOULD go without saying , but at six months old they are not looking for specific shapes as much as basic concepts . She would bang the blocks together , bang the bucket parts together , and dump the shapes out and put them back in , over and over . Then a couple months later , she started trying to put the lid on ; because of the ease it encouraged her and she would get so proud of herself . By the time she was a year old she would set the lid on the ground and match the shapes up on the carpet . Then she would clean up her mess and put the lid on . Now at 14 months , she is able to use the toy for what it is intended . The colors of the toy are vibrant , which is a wonderful thing for a child 's development in the early years . My daughter loves this toy and she is extremely advanced for her age . Baby 's do n't just magically learn their shapes because you gave them a toy . A six month old need to be taught , and there are a lot of lessons that come before putting small shapes in a hole .
 My Mother-In-Law got this for my son when he was six months old . He has played with these blocks pretty much everyday since then . They are small and light and easy for those little teeny hands to grab . When he first got them he would bang the blocks together , bang the blocks on the bucket , and then grab the bucket with his feet and study it . Then he tried to grab two blocks at once . Then three . He would grab the blocks out of the bucket . We stack them , he knocks them down . He grabs the lid and bangs it on everything in sight . Now that he 's figuring out how to put things into other things he 'll put the blocks into everything , into the middle of his stackable rings , into buckets , into the actual bucket and occasionally he 'll place a block on top of the lid and then look at me like - did I do that right ? We 're also now putting just the lid on the floor and setting the blocks into the right holes so he can see what goes where , which he is very interested in.I love it that some day , when he 's older , he 'll make the connection between the actual block and cutout shapes and start putting the blocks through the correct holes . I think that mental connection is more important then just forcing things through whatever hole they happen to fit in . I guess eventually babies will get the concept either way but for us this is the perfect shape sorter .
 My daughter received this as a gift when she was about 6 months old ... she LOVED it ... it instantly became her favorite toy . The shapes are just the right size for her to hold ... she loves having a shape in each hand and banging them together ... we are now working on getting the shapes in the right hole so they drop into the bucket ... I would certainly recommend this toy for any baby that is right around 6 months old !
 Got this for my 9-mon old daughter for Christmas and she LOVES it . Even amongst the tons of toys she received , it 's one that continues to entertain her . It 's a little smaller than I expected , but all parts are big enough to not be a choke hazard -LRB- larger than a toilet paper tube -RRB- .
 I bought this for my 8 month old nephew , and he loved it :-RRB- He mostly likes to put everything in his mouth so it 's great there are no sharp corners or anything on the blocks . Great for him to learn his shapes !
 We bought this for our first baby . He played with it - as did our second and third children . -LRB- sometimes they still do ! LOL ! -RRB- Great for small motor skills , learning shapes and who knows - if your kids are like ours it may eventually become the `` garage '' where their small cars get `` parked '' or the `` barn '' for their farm animals , etc. . Very durable and long lasting . The pieces are big enough for baby not to swallow them and nothing chips or falls off .
 Let me just start off by saying that I ca n't speak to the product safety other than the obvious . I do n't get overly sensitive about toys ' being made in China because , let 's face it , pretty much all of my son 's toys are made in China . I do n't know about the whole `` California says this toy might contain carcinogens '' thing , either . I have no idea what California 's standards are versus other states , and I do n't know if the fact that this toy apparently used to have that warning but for some unknown reason does n't anymore should be worrisome . According to another reviewer , a Fisher Price customer service representative confirmed that no changes had been made to its manufacturing in the interim , which implies that they just removed the warning for whatever reason . I have no idea whether this toy was `` safe '' the whole time or was n't `` safe '' but now is or the standards changed now no longer declaring this toy `` unsafe ; '' I simply ca n't bring myself to lose sleep over it.Anyway , about the toy ... Overall , we have had a great time with it ! First of all , it 's a great price . Comparable toys made by other companies are almost always more expensive . I bought it when my son was only a few months old , and there was very little he could do with it . Now he 's 10 months old and plays with it probably more than anything else . He likes to take the lid off , dump the shapes , pick up the shapes , put them back , smack them together , and he even matches them up . I 'll see him , say , looking for the other blue circle to match the one in his hand.Some complain that the cover opens too easily . I see that as a plus , actually , since my son is clearly too young to be using a shape sorter . He can easily open , dump , and put back the shapes . I 'm teaching him colors and shapes with it , and he finds it interesting when I put the lid on it and drop the shapes in their respective slots . I 'm sure when the time comes for him to be actually using it as a shape sorter that I will continue to appreciate the lid 's opening easily because he will be able to sort the shapes , then dump them and start over . My sister , for example , has a screw-on lid one with wooden shapes , which is nice , but when her boys are done sorting the shapes , they need an adult to open it back up and re-dump them.I guess it depends on the kid , but even if your child does n't like it as a shape sorter , it 's a good way to teach colors and shapes , as well as taking things out and putting them back in their place.My niece has the Fisher Price shape sorter with the little elephant on the front -LRB- Fisher-Price Growing Baby Elephant Shape Sorter -RRB- , and I played with it over Thanksgiving with my son . At first I was sorry I did n't buy that one because -LRB- 1 -RRB- it was cute and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it had the elephant that spun on the front , but after playing with it for a little bit , I 'm glad I bought this one for two reasons
 I ordered this toy for my son 's 1st birthday . It shipped quickly and he loves chewing on the blocks -LRB- durable -RRB- . Great first birthday present -- he will appreciate the color and shapes soon .
 After reading the reviews here about how the top does n't stay on , I was planning to purchase a different shape sorter for my 10-month old . But then we received this as a gift a couple of weeks ago . It has quickly become my daughter 's favorite toy in the house!So , it 's true
 I love the colors . My only complaint is the lid comes off super easy so there is no way to encourage the kids to use the top instead of just throwing them in the bucket .
 This is my daughter 's favorite toy so far . We got it for her when she was about 6 months old . She does n't quite get the concept of putting the shapes in the lid yet , but she does like to take the shapes out and put them back in the basket , bang them together , and stack them on top of each other . She will carry the basket around and put other items in it . This has been a great toy that I think she will enjoy for a while yet .
 We bought this toy for our little grandson , and so far it 's been a big hit with him . While he 's having fun with the colored shapes , he 's enjoying a sense of accomplishment when successfully putting the shapes in the correct holes.He 's also developing the very important eye-hand coordination skills , and problem solving skills that he 'll use the rest of his life.We think that the Fisher-Price First Blocks are a good value for the money . The plastic bucket with handle is durable and should be able to endure the roughest treatment of most babies . The bright colors of bucket and blocks , as well as the glittery picture on the front of the bucket , capture Gabriel 's attention.The lid fits on very loosely and comes off easily if the bucket is tipped or jarred . I think a tighter fitting lid would be an improvement.The Baby 's First Blocks toy is not surprisingly made in China .
 My granddaughter is 9 months old . For three months , since she learned to sit , this is her absolute favorite toy . They work because they ARE so simple and versatile . * She is just learning about putting-in-and-taking-out and is honing her skill with this box of shaped blocks . The cut-out shape makes it easy for her to pick up . She can even play with one and chew on another one in the other hand . * Mommy and Daddy work on her colors and shapes with simple things like , `` You put the red triangle in the box ! '' * Gramma is teaching spatial concepts with , `` The green one falls DOWN ! '' while dropping the green block into the box from up high -LRB- 20 '' or so -RRB- so she can enjoy the noise and then get it out and hand it to me to do again . Sometimes it bounces out . This always gets a delighted giggle . * She loves it when her 5 yo cousin stacks these blocks so she can knock them down . * She has figured out that if she hits the edge of one of these , it will go bouncing away from her and she will crawl after it ; hit , bounce , chase , hit again . She also figured out that , if she hits it on the hardwood floor it not only bounces but makes a great little noise ! * She has discovered that , if she hands a block to an adult or cousin Carter , said big person will do something amazing - they will make it disappear through one of the holes ! And does she ever study this ; you can see the little wheels turning as she promptly picks up a block and tries to do that same thing . Sometimes she leans over and peers through the hole so see where the block went . * She has taught herself how to take the top off and turn the box over for a satisfying flood of blocks into her lap . Then she puts the blocks back -LRB- along with a plastic rattle , a small stuffed animal and her shoe -RRB- and does it again . * If someone gently tosses these blocks one-by-one at her tummy , she laughs hysterically . * She likes to put blocks in the upside down lid with just the right `` twist '' of her little fat wrist to make a nice rattling sound . * She likes to explore sounds by hitting the blocks together , hitting a block and the lid together , hitting a block and a stuffed toy together -LRB- no noise , -RRB- and knocking them down when stacked . * And , finally , she clearly wants very much to put the blocks through the holes and is going to figure it out soon.This has everything
 My eight month old loved this toy . He could n't quite get the shapes in the box but he tried . He started stacking the blocks and sat for an hour just playing with this . My two year old and three year old also love this toy .
 My grandson loves this toy and plays with it constantly when he is at my house visiting . Very durable and a great deal for the money
 This was one of my favorite toys I played with when I was younger . I passed it on to my younger siblings and they enjoyed it just as much as I did .
 My daughter got this for her birthday present . She would always ask us to play with her . She would scatter out all the pieces on the floor . She would tell either my husband or I to pick the pieces and she would put it into the bucket . The lid is easy to come off . Some people do n't really like that , but I actually like it because it 's easy for my daughter to take it off and take the pieces out . It 's a good toy to play with kids . I think when my second daughter gets older she will have fun playing with it also .
 We bought this sorter after my son was doing a simple 3 shape sorter easily . I love that there are only 5 shapes . We can reinforce what he can already sort and add only two more shapes so he is n't overwhelmed . The lid does n't snap on , but I sit with him and do n't let him take off the lid until we 've sorted everything . We also use the shapes and colors to play matching games . He will play with it for about 30 minutes at a time .
 My son played with this toy for a total of three or four days and then it did n't keep his interest . I think he may go back to playing with this toy after a while like he does with a few of his other toys . Great value !
 I bought this for my son on his first birthday . He likes to try to put the shapes into the container . The only problem is there is no way to keep the top attached so he pulls the top off then ca n't figure out what to do with it . He mainly likes to carry the blocks around lol
 Classic sorting toy , with five different shapes to send through the lid . Two of each shape make it easy to sort , stack and play with . Good toy to start the logic going if you have a genius baby , or a great toy to chew on the pieces if you have an average baby . ;--RRB- Sturdy box makes carrying them around easy .
 I only bought this toy for my daughter 's 1st Birthday because it was highly reviewed and you ca n't beat the price . I thought , `` It looks to simple to be something she 'd enjoy . '' But I guess the old standards still work . I know this type of block sorter toy has been around for generations and I was pleased to find that my daughter took to playing with it right away . I was shocked that she was so interested in trying to put the correct shapes into the correct holes . She really concentrates on it . The blocks are made so little hands can easily grip them . Only complaint is the lid comes off very easily . It can easily fall off and the blocks spill out when the baby moves it around -LRB- carries it , pushes it , kicks it , etc. -RRB- . Also , since the lid comes off so easily , the baby gets distracted by pulling the lid off and dumping all the blocks out , then putting them all back in without the top ... when the point is to put the blocks in through the appropriate hole .
 We bought this for my daughter when she was 10 months old along with a kids ' laptop . She rarely played with the laptop but really enjoyed these blocks . She was -LRB- and still is -RRB- at an age where she does n't really know how to use them , but all what she does is carry two of these around with her all the time , one in each hand -LRB- at an age between 6 months through 1 year , all what kids want is smaller colorful objects that they can easily hold onto -RRB- . She hates it when we take it away . She has recently started practising putting these blocks in the box and taking them out . Hopefully this toy 's `` fun '' value lasts much longer .
 I washed the toy and the blocks in the dishwasher on sanitise setting with no injury to the toy . Our girl seems to like to play with the blocks alone and likes to take them out of the top . She also likes to pull the pieces out of the bucket and put them back . The top is exciting on its own too - it seems study and she does n't try to climb it -LRB- and topple -RRB- so we 're satisfied . I think as time progresses we 'll enjoy being able to talk shapes and watch her learn to match the shaped piece with the corresponding hold . A solid toy . If only the blocks did n't hurt when you stepped on them .
 It turns out that my 9 months old daughter is n't ready for this . She likes the blocks but could n't bother to put the blocks into the box . My friend 's 18 months old daughter is very happy with this and learn very fast . So this would be good for a 1-2 year old .
 I purchased 2 sets of these blocks , and I am very happy with them . My order was shipped out in a timely manner and I rate them a 5 star .
 Ho , Ho , Ho and on Christmas morning how lovely it was to see my grandson pull this out of the bag . Easy shopping , easy delivery , the only thing that might make it nicer would be a lockable lid . The little ones love to tote things and the handle is made for toting , the lid however , is not . The lid is fitted loosly and everytime the little feller turned the box the lid fell off and the pieces spilled out . I got a little tired of picking them up .
 excelente todo de maravilla muchas todo en perfecto estado bueno pronto har&eacute; muchos mas pedidos asi que falta todavia gracias
 We thought that we could use this Box to explain what it takes to create a Computer Account by labeling the pieces with the titles of the software components.Very well received .
 I ordered this as a gift - the product was as pictured , but is came in a really ugly cardboard box . Being that the gift was for a baby , I was hoping for more attractive packaging - otherwise it was a nice gift .
 my baby loves trying to sort the blocks now that she 's 14 months , but loved chewing on them well before she knew how to use them .
 I bought this for my two year old granddaughter for Christmas , and she has had a lot of fun with it ! She loves putting the blocks in the holes , and she caught on really quick . Great toy !
 My two year old grand daughter loves playing with these and trying to figure out the shapes and she especially loves the bucket they are in because whe pretends she is carring her purse as she sees grannie doing !
 Everything is great about this item , just that I think it would be better if it came with a lock or something , to keep the cover in place .
 Although the blocks first must be tasted , it provides timeless fun for our little explorer . Everything stores right in the bucket so it is a good travel companion to keep boredom at bey .
 My granddaughter just loves this . I was looking for the old blue and red ball but this has the same shapes and is more colorful.The box comes apart easy so little ones can play by themselves instead of needing an adult to open it .
 What a great toy it did n't take long before our 18month old went from not knowing to mastering the shapes the bright colors shapes are inviting . We have had many fun hours of playing and learning at the same time.love it !
 My sixteen-month-old really loves playing with this . She loves opening it , putting the peices in , etc. . She ca n't figure out where they go by herself yet , but she 'll get it soon !
 Perfect shape sorter . High quality hard plastic that has n't broke and we 've had it for a year . A year of 3 small children and rough and tough play ! I would recommend it to anyone !
 I purchased this for my daughter 's first birthday . She currently loves dumping the blocks out , and before long will enjoy sorting them through the lid . Their size is just right for her little hands and help work on fine motor skills .
 My daughter received this as a christmas gift and plays with it every day . The blocks are perfectly sized and easy for her to handle . They are made of heavy plastic and hold up to her banging , throwing and biting them . She loves taking them out of the bucket more than putting them in , but the nice thing about the set is that as she grows , she can still interact with the toy . The colors are bright and the basket is just the right size to carry things in . I would recommend this to anyone .
 My baby started playing with this toy when she was 6 months old . She just turned a year old and plays with it even more now . It has held up great and she loves playing with the shapes and putting them in the bucket . She also likes to tote the bucket around .
 I read through several reviews before deciding to post my own . I noticed that several other reviewers gave poor reviews of this toy because their babies -LRB- ranging from 6 months up -RRB- simply took the lid off and dumped the blocks out instead of pushing the blocks through the holes . At a young age , this is NORMAL , and figuring out that you can take off the lid and put the pieces in and out of the box is actually a good learning experience . My baby played with the toy this way at first too . As she got older , she learned how to put the lid back on -LRB- she was quite proud of herself the first time she managed it on her own -RRB- , and eventually she learned how to sort the pieces through the right holes . Now she 's an expert at fitting the blocks into the holes , but that 's thanks to her age , development , improved manual dexterity and experience playing with this toy.Please do not discount this toy simply because your baby plays with it as they should for their age and developmental stage ! Instead , realize that there is more than one way to play with this toy . My daughter , who is now two years old , still enjoys playing with it in her own creative way . This is one toy that she did n't outgrow in just a few months . It was well worth the price .
 I bought this toy for my Grandson for X-mas . He is only 5 months old but enjoys grabbing each piece and examines them with great curiosity . Ca n't wait to see him insert each shape correctly . I feel this toy is a good educational source !
 This toy is wonderful ! My grandaughter absolutely loves it ! High quality product with basic teaching aspect - Perfect for a 1 year old !
 Our daughter loves it , she stacks , put cheerios in them and the shapes and colors are a great learning tool . Excellent for babies and toddlers .
 its fun to watch the kid develop.from not being able to do it , to doing it in a minute.its good for kids from 1 -2 I think.although , supervised.piece is borderline small -LRB- cant fit through the tp roll -RRB- . update , kid is 20 months and can do it super fast , but still likes it .
 I have bought two of these for two 1 year olds . They are very attractive to the brillant colors and while having fun they are learning shapes . I would reccomend these to any one !
 Every child needs this classic toy . The bucket handle is great for taking this toy from one room to another , the colors are bright and the shapes fit like they should . Love this toy .
 I purchased this for my grandbaby . He has n't gotten on to putting the objects through the holes in the lid yet , but he really likes taking the lid off and playing with the blocks separately . I think this will be a great toy as he develops and learns how to put the blocks in the right spots . It looks to be very durable as well .
 Bought for my 4 year old nephew , and he loves it . No more broken plastic batting tees .
 What is more fun than ice skating ... not much when it 's freezing outside . My family loves this product . We use it for down home hockey matches and figure skating . Very easy to assemble however there is work involved with such a large rink . The ground must be very level in order to have a consistent depth of ice .
 This is a good ball for mid-to-high handicappers , but the $ 40 asking price is much too high . They 're readily available in golf shops & sporting goods stores for around $ 20/dozen .
 I feel like i 'm hitting more fairways with this and getting a good bounce afterwards that i was n't seeing before . These are rated by golf digest as one of the top 3 balls of 2009 and I can see why ! Great set of balls that for the price you ca n't go wrong with !
 I was very pleased to find that I could purchase these discontinued golf balls through Amazon . They were in perfect condition and I will definitely order again as long as the supply lasts .
 I was sent the wrong ball . The provider could not fill the order , so I returned the balls.But I must say , I was impressed with the return procedure . The way Amazon credited my account right away . Having the return postage label in the box , made the process easy .
 We had a lot of fun playing ... my daughter just turned 5 and we wanted to help prepare her for kindergarten . She enjoyed the challenge but did n't get frustrated . There are several options to play the game so you can change it up which is nice too .
 My daughter got this when she was approx 6 mo old -LRB- she 's 1 yr now -RRB- . She LOVED it and still laughs and smiles whenever she sees it and hears Elmo 's voice . The voice clarity is good and uses the child 's name often -LRB- not every time but enough -RRB- . I did cut the `` doggie '' stuffed toy off that Elmo is holding in his right hand - it looked cheap and fairly useless . Now my dd can drag Elmo around using either red arm ! . Bottomline ... GREAT gift idea , very cute , kids love this toy .
 Elmo was a gift when my daughter was born . She loved hearing him talk with that adorable Elmo voice . As she got older , she got excited when he would say her name . Now at one year she loves to carry Elmo around and play with him too . We love this toy !
 All Occasion Elmo was a total hit at my daughter 's 2nd birthday party ! Not only did she think he was amazing , but all her friends were in awe - they all said `` wow ... he did he know her name ? '' . A few weeks after the party and she 's still playing with him every day . Elmo plays games and sings songs - but the best part , in her opinion , is when Elmo says her name . The way her eyes light up when he says her name is the best part for me . And I like this Elmo since she can play with him year round .
 This toy is one in a million !!! Your little one will be in awe that Elmo knows their name !!! It is one of my childs favorites and will be a life long momento !!! Just think of how cool their children will think it is in the years to come that Elmo knew their mommy or daddys name !! Definitely worth the money for a life long treasure !!
 Looking for a unique gift to stand above all the others ? I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old son who LOVES Elmo . I am so pleased with the quality of this toy . I thought it might be stiff like the Chicken Dance Elmo , however , it is quite soft and cuddly . He is one of the most adorable Elmo 's I have ever seen . I am also very impressed with the clarity of his voice . When he says my sons name it is very clear what he is saying . This is a great gift to give to anyone with an Elmo loving child !
 I bought this elmo in the big Toys ' R us store in NYC were it was personalized with a computer.My daughter -LRB- 5 -RRB- is a huge Elmo fan so she is so happy if he says her name.Of course , for us as parents , the little elmo voice starts to beng a little bit annoying now and then but ahh , well ... I think this toy will not last for years and years but if it does -LRB- the ` baby elmo ' is still alive too ! -RRB- i will be very surprized !
 I bought this at the TRU store in Times Square , where they 'll personalize Elmo for you while you wait . Just a heads up to those who ca n't find their child 's name listed here that the store got our Elmo to say a name that 's not in the Amazon lookup under any of the spellings i tried . I think they entered the name phonetically or something like that . I 'm not sure how you 'd do this through Amazon , but Elmo is indeed smarter than you might think!As for the quality of the toy , i ca n't really say , because it 's a gift . Looks good though !
 Cool ! My baby cousin Liam got this toy for his 2nd birthday and it 's his favorite toy ! I think he likes it a lot because he loves the show Sesame ! I think that this toy is so cool because it says your name . I like to play with it too ! Only sometimes because it 's a baby toy ! But even though it 's a baby toy , it 's awesome ! One time , I watched Sesame Street when I was a baby , but I started crying because I was hungry ! I like this toy !
 Baby loves her new Elmo . She got it a week and a half after her first birtday . Do not order by mail or with a check , no matter what they tell you it is a nightmare ! Mommy thinks the puppy he is holding is cheap looking , and white ! Elmo does say a variety of things . He sings one song and it is not his famous Elmo song.He really sounds like Elmo which is what the baby loves . He is soft and she loves to cuddle and carry him around .
 Happy birthday to Ethan !
 My father bought this Elmo for my son , Malcolm 's first birthday and it was a hit . My son is always hugging it but I 'm not sure if he is aware that Elmo is saying his name . Elmo was not dressed as he is in the picture he only had on a Elmo t-shirt .
 It 's a few weeks before Christmas and I ordered this a couple weeks ago . I arrived in less than a week , so I was impressed by that . It does EXACTLY want it was billed to do ! Our daughter 's name is Tatiana , so I had my doubts about this product , but I was pleasantly sursprised that ELMO got every last syllable right on the money . It 's a Christmas gift for our 1 1/2 year old who just adores Elmo . We 've played it for all our friends and they and Grandma ca n't get enough of it . It 's a very inexpensive buy , but it 'll be priceless to your child .
 I got this Elmo for my nephew 's 2nd birthday . I did have to send it back for a name fix -LRB- it was Spanish the first time -RRB- , but it was worth the wait . He loves it , and unlike his other Elmo 's this one is `` my Elmo '' . Now I think I 'm going to have to get his 4 year old brother one too .
 My 21 mo old daughter loves this doll . The first time Elmo said her name , she lit up like a Christmas tree with a great big smile . Doll is just the perfect size . He states her name about every 4 time you push his hand . We 're pleased with the amount of words he can say and he also sings . This is a great toy for a little one who loves Elmo . Definately recommend .
 My 2 year old got this for her birthday and loved it , the name is clear too . She loves hearing Elmo say her name . `` Elmo thinks you 're special ! ''
 We bought this Elmo for my daughter 's first birthday . Her name is out of the ordinary and we were ecstatic to know they had the doll in her name , just spelled differently . I love that it says alot of phrases and ask the child to touch his hand or bark like a dog . Perfect birthday gift for the child who has everything which mine does : -RRB-
 I just received Elmo and it is absolutely adorable ! It is so soft and cuddly and says plenty of phrases -LRB- with and without the name -RRB- . It is a gift for my niece 's first birthday and I can not wait to give it to her . My only regret is not ordering one for my own 10 month old , and just about every other child I know ...
 This toy is great for all ages . Little on like the bright colors . Older children love to `` interact '' with elmo , they think he is really playing . This was a great investment .
 He just lights up everytime Elmo says his name . Elmo also sings , tells my baby that he is terrific and plays who do I sound like games , lion , horse ect . In fact Elmo has about two pages of phrases , and half will use your child 's name once it is downloaded into the little gizmo in his belly . -LRB- hidden behind velcro and stuffing so Elmo stays nice and squeezeable . In fact , he is more squeezable than any of the dancing Elmo 's out there . . This is a terrific idea . And yes , TRU is getting a premium for the electronic personalized name , but this is such a great little toy , I do n't even mind that .
 I bought Elmo as a gift for my 18 month old nephew for Christmas . When I ordered it , I had a couple of concerns , how big would it be and would it be soft ? I am pleased to report it 's about 15 '' tall and super cuddly ! It says his name very clearly about every other phrase and there are LOTS of phrases . More than I 've seen on a lot of other speaking toys . It invites him to `` hop like a frog '' , `` run like a lion '' , hug and kiss Elmo , and a lot of other fun things plus Elmo tells him that he 's special and that he loves him . For the same price as the Hokey Pokey Elmo , I 'll take a this one any day !
 I bought this talking/personalized Elmo for my daughter , a big Sesame Street fan , when she was 15 months old . At 2 , she still gets a huge kick out of hearing him say her name . She also really likes the part where Elmo makes you guess the animal sounds . It makes her laugh every time ! We have since given this toy as a gift to several children we know and they are enjoying it too .
 I gave `` He Knows Your Name Elmo '' to my grandaugher Kayla for Christmas . She is only 6 months old and chose to play with Elmo rather than any other toy . Her parent 's also loved it . They were truly amazed with this gift . It is also soft for a child 's touch . It has many different sayings which include the child 's name many times . This is a fantastic personalized toy . I would recommend this as a wonderful gift for a child . I was truly pleased .
 My son LOVES that Elmo `` knows his name '' and at the age of 19 months he plays with him everyday . When we first got him Elmo would say `` Oink like a bird '' or `` Quack like a Lion '' but then about 4 months ago he all of a sudden would say the correct phrases i.e. `` oink like a pig '' , quack like a duck '' etc. . Obviously they have some quality control issues but it is what it is and now it works and my son loves him !
 Elmo is programmed to say child 's name - says name clearly and multiple times ! My goddaughter LOVES it and gets so excited when Elmo talks specificly to her !
 My mother 's name is Lorie . I could n't believe they would n't have a toy with such a common name . I went back and tried to find it . I did find `` Laurie '' which is pronnounced exactly the same ! Just thought you might like to know !
 This is a personalized item that is not the same as the Toy-r-Us `` Elmo Knows Your Name '' doll . I purchased this doll and about one day later my wife found the `` Elmo Knows Your Name '' doll in stores . I learned that the other doll does so much more then this one so I decided to return it . It is possible to return this item , but you lose the cost of shipping both ways . I never opened this up so I ca n't say how good or bad it is . I know that one from Toys-r-Us knows more then just one name . You can also program it with the times for things such as Breakfast , Naps , Lunch , and Dinner . The only con here is that you have to program these things exactly on the hour -LRB- Ex
 I bought this for my two year old Elmo fan . He loves it . He looks kinda shocked when he hears he 's name being said . This would make a perfect one of a kind present for any little kid -LRB- or big kid -RRB- who loves Elmo .
 My 2 year old son just got this for a birthday gift today and WOW ! is it a cool gift . I 'm not sure who liked it more , Mom or son ! It 's a perfect `` 10 '' gift for a 2 year old . I ca n't wait to order one to give as a birthday gift !
 this elmo is extreemly cute.kids of all age love to hear their name being called out by elmo !!! highly recommended .
 The first one broke right after Christmas , but Toysrus.com was really nice , and sent me a new one . That made my son very happy .
 This doll is amazing ! My little girl is 9 months old and just loves to watch and listen to elmo . I look forward to how she will react and play with him with his songs and activities he engages kids to do as she gets older .
 We bought this for my son for his first birthday . We opted for this one instead of the birthday Elmo because this one seemed more snuggly without the big piece of cake . It says so many cute things and my son loves hearing Elmo say his name . My son 's name is Dawson and they even had that name which was surprising . I would recommend this a thousand times over and plan to buy others for gifts .
 We just purchased this item for our son 's 1st birthday -LRB- Sept. 1 -RRB- , and my husband could n't resist showing it to him before then . Well , he LOVES it !! When Elmo says his name his eyes get big , he smiles and starts jabbering . Elmo speaks clearly and it 's not real loud . I 'm very glad that we spent a little extra on this gift . Hopefully , it will be an item he can hold onto for a long time .
 My 1 yr old son got this as a gift from my sister . He loves it ! He likes everything about him . Only thing is that my 8 yr old now wants one for himself .
 I actually got this doll while I was pregnant at my baby shower as a gift . I was surprised when it had my babies name on it . I personally loved it . And now that that my daughter is 8 months old , she lights up and smiles every time Elmo says her name .
 I bought this for my 2yr old for christmas but could n't resist checking him out ... He is sure to be a big hit on Christmas morning . . We bought him to replace hokie-pokie whom sleeps between her and her baby . . This will be a much better bedtime partner .
 To the reviewer who said Christine wasnt available , it actually is . The problem is that the spelling of Christine is actually `` Christene '' . It seems the names arent always spelled the way the should be online . But is sounds the way it should.I bought one for my daughter Christine and she loves it.My daughter cant believe Elmo knows my daughter by name .
 Got this for my granddaughter 's first birthday . We used it as decoration and then gave it to her to play with . She loves it . Very cuddly . Ca n't say it 's educational per say , but she LOVES Elmo so she loves this toy .
 This was a huge hit for my 2 year old grandson . He carries it with him everywhere and sings along with Elmo .
 a fun birthday toy for my grand daughter who is one and loves Elmo . It is a little stiffer than her soft Elmo 's but will be a fun addition to her first birthday
 I was looking for a certain Elmo singing `` Happy Birthday '' and thought this was it . Did n't know it was n't until I received it . If the seller had had a video of this toy on their selling site I would not have purchased it . I decided to keep it because I am an Elmo fan and will give it to my grandchild . I am still looking for that certain singing Elmo .
 This puzzle is not as simple as it looks . I purchasedd for my Mom . When I visit , I correct her misplaced pieces , but it 's a great puzzzle for a challange . Smooth transaction , shipped as described .
 great was able to share this between my 2 oldest kids for Easter . I would recommend play dough to anyone . It is a great classic toy .
 It 's play-doh ! Need I say more ? I used these as goodie bag stuffers for my daughter 's 3rd birthday . The kids loved them . They are small 1 oz jars . Lots of random colors .
 Fabulous to keep in your handbag for those times when you need to keep the kids occupied . The only negative is I have seen it cheaper elsewhere
 Great for keeping a toddler busy & small enough to carry around ! Plus all the colors are different so no duplicates !
 I love to keep a few of these in my purse or diaper bag to pull out in a bind . They are small and portable .
 Buy It!your child will love it and will spend hours playing with it .
 I 've bought it for my nemphew for Christmas . He loved it . He said that he dreamt about it and he used it all in one week .
 What else can I say ? There were 10 tubes in multiple colors of play-doh , just what I ordered . Lots of fun .
 My little one loves this play-doh pack . We bought her some play-doh tools with this item and it works great . Quick to get out and put away and store .
 This was a stocking stuffer for our 2 year old . He loved it and loved all the different colors . Each container is small , maybe half or a third of the size of a regular playdoh container it . It 's a good way to introduce playdoh though and have some fun with the different colors .
 These were purchased for my baby shower in which people had to sculpt a little baby . They contained just the right amount and we were very pleased . They would be perfect to carry around in your bag if you ever needed to entertain a little one on the spot as they are tiny .
 I got this recently for christmas . At first i thought all you could do was play , feed and groom you pet . I was very wrong . I can do all that plus you can walk around seeing other digital pets and you can listen to the radio , dance with others , connect your digital pet to another , collect stamps and play games . i love this toy it 's not a rip off ! the best price i have seen for it is 15 dollars
 Sooo cute . Santa gave my 7 y.o. daughter the dog and cat versions of this game . She and I have already spent several hours playing with her `` pets '' . Unlike the earlier pets , there is more to do than just care for your pet . There are games , activities and interactions with pet friends . There is a whole village of homes and places to visit.You collect stickers throughout your adventures . For instance there are 29 stickers available for making friends . It is represented by a heart sticker . Everytime you collect a sticker , you are taken to your sticker book and it indicates how many stickers are available and how many you have obtained.There are three exterior buttons for use to play with , groom and feed your pet . When your pet ignores you , it means it is time for grooming , playing or eating.Sometimes your pet will suddenly disappear and then reappear at their potty mat having left a little undesirable . My daughter thinks that is hilarious . Kids!The only drawback is that the screen does not light up for play while travelling after dark . Maybe they 'll improve upon that in the next versions .
 I bought this gift for two 10-year old girls . Their first reaction when they opened the box was `` COOL ! '' It was an immediate hit ! They each went to work making their scarves and at the end they wore them all night.The colors were great , the kit was easy to use , the fabric is durable -LRB- this is not something that will fall apart after one use -RRB- and the end result is a really nice and unique scarf .
 Got it for a goddaughter for x mas . Looked fun . She seemed to like it .
 I ordered this item as a gift for someone , delivery time was 2 days earlier , once i got it it was amazing , they loved it and i even wanted to get one for myself . is washable and very fluffy . . hope this helps
 We used this to help promote our business . We have a Town car service and these are in our back windows . Almost everyone that get in our cars says how cute these are . I know we love them .
 I had my heart set on getting the orange `` Rover '' , but instead received a silver one . After going back to the site , it was then I read they could substitute colors if what ordered was not available . I 'm hesitant to order again due to only that fact . I received my car in 2 days which was awesome . To buyers
 It was a gift and our Grandson loved it . He did not sit it down all x-mas .
 And I think we will give them 5 stars . It is true that they are very similar to some of the other products out there , but they are LITTLEST PET SHOP toys which are a huge rage right now . Pluses
 I got this toy for my birthday . It is really fun except if you play it all the time then it gets boring . On the whole I think it is a good buy . I got mine from Hasbro for fifteen dollars . I ca n't believe how much money people want for it now!Here are some things I 've noticed.Pros
 My 1 year old loves stuffed animals and this is just like any other , but I 've always loved pound puppies when I was a kid . The only thing is the collar is hard plastic and does n't make it as cuddly as it can be . Still baby loves it !
 This product is an excellent value , and the bears are cuddly soft . One reviewer wrote that the bears could not be removed . They are temporarily `` attached '' to keep the bears in the pot for store display -LRB- otherwise , the bears would end up scattered all over the store -RRB- , but when you buy it , you are supposed to cut the strings that keep them attached and the bears will be freed .
 Some people have said that they recieved 99 instead of 100 . I had 100 in my box . My cards fit just fine . My only complaint is while they are new they are slippery and this makes shuffling a bit of a pain . I have heard that after some use that wears off . It was pretty easy and quick to sleeve my cards .
 I 've used a bunch of different sleeves to protect my Magic
 Forget Ultra Pro , Arcane Tinmen -LRB- from Denmark ! -RRB- makes the best card sleeves available on the market . They are durable , hefty and the best part about them is that they do n't slip . My friend had bought a pack of Ultra Pro and while we were playing a game of Magic , his deck kept falling over from the slickness of the sleeves . My deck , covered with Dragon Shield sleeves , did not have that problem . Plus , Dragon Shield comes in a variety of different colors . I have bought in the past a box of green , blue , white and gold sleeves and recently , I bought this box of red sleeves and they are still the same . Do n't mess with what works.Highly recommended for anyone who plays trading card games a lot and wants to prevent wear and tear on their cards .
 Came SUPER fast . These sleeves are very durable and not as slippy as other sleeves are , which makes makes shuffling easier . Cards fit width-wise nice and snug and the sleeve is ever so slightly longer than the card so you do n't have to worry about the top getting nicked . A bit pricey for sleeves but am still giving 5 stars because you get what you pay for and I feel that my cards are well protected in these .
 I have tried several different brands of protective card sleeves for trading card games -LRB- MTG -RRB- , and have yet to find anything that I like better than Dragon Shields . These are built to last . I have never had a dragon shield sleeve split . You may not be able to get fancy artistic designs like some other sleeve makers , but the solid color choices are enough to keep me happy .
 Dragon Shields are the best trading card sleeves available . They may be a little pricey , but they are well worth the protection . Other sleeves like Ultra Pro would be my second choice , and they work too , but they wo n't last quite as long as Dragon Shields . These sleeves were delivered well by Amazon and have a great selection of colors .
 Dragon shields are simply some of the best sleeves you can buy . They 're durable , and the cards fit snugly in them with very little wiggle-room . My only complaint is that they come in packs of 100 . Most games require a ~ 60 card deck , so I now have 40 extra and nothing to do with them but buy another pack . But they 're so good I ca n't really count this as a detriment.-dan
 I 've played card games for many years , and Ultra Pro seems to really dominate the market but when I first bought some Dragon Shield sleeves last December I fell in love with them . The sleeves are much more durable then anything else I have seen on the market . The only downside I see is that you ca n't get them with cool designs , but there are lots of colors to choose from . The fact you get 100 quality sleeves for $ 10 is a great deal . If you get any Ultra Pro sleeves with designs usually they will run you 80 for $ 10 . Overall great product , and one I will be buying again
 I have been meaning to check out Dragon Shields for a while , after using only Ultra-pro sleeves and deck boxes . I do n't really have a problem with Ultra pro , but i just wanted to see what was up with the ` competition ' . First off , its appealing that you get 100 sleeves , compared to Ultra-pro Matte sleeves that usually come in packs of 50 , and Dragon Shields throws in a decent box.The immediate impression is that these are glossy and more flexible . The gloss makes side shuffling much easier , so in large Commander style decks -LRB- 100 cards -RRB- these are a good move . The box does not hold 100 cards `` fully loaded '' -LRB- with cards in sleeves -RRB- , so you 'll need something likeUltra Pro
 Purchased this set for my neice for Christmas . It was perfect ! Very well made and sturdy enough for a 2yr old . The size was great and she loved it ! It made our Christmas . They were VERY fast on the shipping . Will do busineUnion 3 pc . Junior Kids Drum Set UT3 * METALLIC RED Complete with Seat , Sticks , Pedal -LRB- for 3-5 yrs old -RRB- ss with them again !
 i bought this kit as an early christmas gift for my 2 1/2 - year-old son . he 's been beating holes into all the toy drums , tambourines , and other musical instruments he has . so far , this one has held up to all his wear and tear without incident . i opted for the kit minus the throne because i do n't think my son will be comfortable sitting at his age.initially , i was impressed with the quality of the drums . real wood shells ! once tuned , they actually sounded much better than i expected they would . the finish is also very nice , considering the nature of the set . the hardware and tightening lugs leave a bit to be desired however . the rackmounts do n't tighten adequately to keep the drums solidly in place , but with the right placing they sit pretty well atop the bass drum . also , the bass pedal mounts onto the drum somewhat awkwardly , and it seems as though it could be knocked off with the right force.keeping in mind that this is a set for kids and not designed for performance or very heavy playing , i am very pleased with my purchase . also , the delivery was prompt and everything arrived in perfect shape . i would likely consider purchasing other products from this manufacturer and seller in the futute .
 This was an instant hit for our grandson . He pulled the Christmas wrapping from the box and he immediately want to open the box and set up the set . Now that the set is up , it is the first thing he goes to play with each morning . He is really into playing these drums . Not yet 3 , he has already got the basic hand motion for playing drums . The set is a great value !
 Great quality for price ! My nephew loves it ! Now I need to buy one for my little ones birthday ! Good buy
 Yes I know it 's a bath time set , but it 's the potty that makes this for us . What a great potty training item . The set comes with a tiny potty that accomodates the Calin size doll.Both the tub and the potty are nice durable items . The only real drawback is that you want to make sure no one actually bathes a Corolle doll in the tub as they tend to be more than a bit sodden when wet !
 I did n't think i 'd buy a bath tub for a doll but I did and it is so much fun for my granddaughter.Thank you For the fast delivery
 The PULL STRING WOODY was given to my grandson as a birthday gift . He was very excited to have this toy . Woody seems to be holding up well . Woody speaks softly which is well received by the parents . Woody arrived in half the time promised .
 It was a best toys I 've ever ordered from Amazon . It came so fast it blew my mind.I 'm so glad I was able to find this item on Amazon .
 Got this toy for my nephew . He loved it , I was suprised he new his name !!! Only thing is Boots come off easily with some pull . Other then that its great .
 We got Woody to add to my daughter 's collection . She loves the toy and shares his hot with a lot of her toys . We are very happy with the product
 Bought for a friends 3year old Birthday and it was a hit ! After he opened the Woody doll , he did n't want to open anymore gifts after that . Great Doll , great price , what a steal !
 Well I ordered this along with Buzz for my 3 year old son . They are so cute , they look just like the characters from the movie , no disappointment there at all !! My husband even said they look so good that he ca n't wait to play with them . Let me warn you , though cute , these toys are HUGE !! These are not at all the little toys that younger kids want to carry around , I mean , Woody is taller than a 4 month old baby ! But nonetheless , I know my son will enjoy him . My one gripe is the same one that I read about on the reviews before I bought it , the draw string . It simply does n't work ! I pulled it out once and it just stayed there . I have to feed it back into him to pull it again to get him to talk !! That 's not fun but this was the best Woody that I could find so we 'll deal with it . I will say that everytime I get the string back in , he still talks but it is a hassle to actually sit there and feed the string into his back . It 's a Christmas present so after my son plays with it I 'll do an update ... HTH
 I bought Woody to go with a tv and dvd for my grandson - he loved it!This is an exact replica of the character and very high quality .
 i really was glad i made this purchase my only complaint was the battery inside died after having it for one day !!! but it was decent quality ... and my son loves it ... even without the phrases
 My grandson has had this doll for some months and it is withdstanding his use -LRB- abuse ? -RRB- quite well , no problems . Voice works well , no problems !
 My grandson had gotten a large Buzz Lightyear at Christmas and he needed a buddy for good times and a bit of rivalry . Sheriff Woody fills the bill . This is a an ersatz nostalgia toy that my 6-year-old understands through the Toy Story movies . I 'd have liked it if the hat were soft and formable rather than a stiff bit of molded plastic that sits precariously on the head . I think it would be truer to the kind of toy the sheriff is trying to be .
 My son absolutely loves this woody doll he was Christmas best gift . The only thing about woody that I do n't like Is his hat does not stay on , not even slightly .
 My son loves his Woody !! Everywhere he goes Woody needs to be there too , also he try to go to school with Woody , love it !!
 My boys love their woody dolls . I only wished it did more than just talk but it was a great gift for them .
 I bought this for my 2 year old niece for Christmas whom loves Toy Story , and Woody in particular . Since I was passing out the gifts this year I gave it to her to unwrap early , and earned glares from the rest of my family when she did n't want to open the rest of her gifts . When handed a present from her grandmother she said &#34; oh pretty box grandma ! &#34; and set it down without unwrapping , and went back to playing with this Woody doll.Some reviews mentioned a weak pull string , and a poor voice imitation from Tom Hanks 's brother , but it has n't broken on her , and the voice is so similar she either has n't cared or noticed .
 I Liked this Woody much better than the first Woody I ordered and returned . It was just what my grandson wanted
 WOODY WORKED GREAT . HE ARRIVED AS PROMISED AND GRANDSON WAS SO EXCITED TO BAD JESSIE DID NOT WORK AND HAD TO BE RETURNED
 The doll looks great ! The only downfall is the pull-string does not work . I have n't tried to replace the batteries yet but I am a little upset it did n't work right out of the box . Other than that , it 's a great product . Would have gotten 5 stars if the pull string worked
 My 4 year old is having a blast with Woody ! We bought the set -LRB- Woody and Bullseye and Buzz -RRB- and it 's nothing but happy Toy Story play around our house ! Seems so far to be a good quality product for the money ,
 i bought this for my two almost three year old son . when he opened it he was so happy . he looked at me an said mommy andy sent me woody . thank you so much for making his day .
 How could a child not love Woody . He is sturdy and fun to play with as a child . A great gift for any child .
 My grandson absolutely loves this . Good quality but they did n't have to be politically correct and not give Woody his gun . Woody comes with an EMPTY holster . Silly political correctness .
 My son eats , sleeps and does everything with the Woody and Buzz figures I bought him for Christmas . A great gift for the Toy Story lover !
 Toy Story & Beyond 16 '' Pull String Talking Woody DollMY SON LOVES THIS DISNEY WOODY DOLL !! WE HAD THE HASBRO ONE AND IT WAS CHEAPLY MADE BUT THE DISNEY BRAND IS GREAT !!! THANKS !!
 well worth the price All the features were great , would highly recommend it to all ! grandson 's 1st constant companion ! very durable !
 My 4 year old son can not get enough of Woody ! He loves to take him everywhere , he even decided to put him in the bathtub with him without me knowing . I found Woody and he was fully submersed under water . I was afraid that the string pull would no longer work , but we let him dry out and he still works perfectly ! Great product and looks and feels exactly like you would expect the real Woody from Toy Story would look and feel like . Even has &#34; Andy &#34; written on the bottom pf his boot , however my son wanted to right his name on the bottom of the other boot . : -RRB-
 Outstanding doll , my 6yo granddaughter loves it . Does four or five statements and is of the usual Disney quality . Highly recommended for the price and service .
 My son Loves Loves Loves Toy story so I bought him this Woody action figure and It is a great one ! Has n't broken thus far though we 've had it less than 6 months , it has outlasted the buzz Lightyear action figure we bought at the same time.I definetly would recommend this toy !
 Only beef is of course the weird voice and the hat that almost never stays on and his bandana is pink instead of red.But those pale to the fact that this toy survived a bubble bath unscathed . The electronic music box was very simple to dismantle for it to dry properly and the fabric dried just fine after a night of hanging . So I 'm not going to sweat it if my toddler spills a drink on it or gets it dirty since it will survive cleaning .
 My 3-year-old received for a gift . He loves it so far and loves that the hat comes off and back on . Only problem is that the hat does n't like to stay on so that 's been a little frustrating for him . I 'm going to try some velcro or something on the head/hat to see if we can get it to stay on and only come off when my son wants it to come off .
 had so much fun with jessie and woody i had to force myself to wrap them for my grandson ! wish they had a few more phrases . sound just like the movie
 This Woody doll is definitely worth the money . It looks so much like the Woody from Toy Story - much more so than either version of the plush doll that is available . His voice sounds pretty similar to Tom Hanks , for some reason I thought that the pull string was just for show and you squeezed him to make him talk . I was happy to see that the pull string was functional ! This is a great buy , and such a cute doll . I do wish the hat was attached to his head some how though , that 's going to be lost within the week : -RRB-
 Pain to open box ! I also super glued the hat on ... Bad design for hat but otherwise great Woody . Voice was not far off from Tom hanks . My 3 year was not bothered by it . String has not broken yet but if pulled a ton or too hard I could see it being a problem . Over all very happy with it just glue hat on
 Toy was just what I was looking for . My grandson loves Woody because he wants to be a cowboy .
 We bought this as a third-birthday present for one of the kids back in March . We 've had three children playing with it ever since and he still looks great . Today , my son brought Woody to me , chagrined , because the pull string was not activating Woody 's voicebox . I was a little dismayed , but took a close look and found the tightly-velcroed opening on Woody 's back -LRB- between his shirt and jeans -RRB- that hides the voicebox mechanism . Upon opening up the voicebox , I saw that one of the little button batteries had come unseated . Popping it back in place made Woody good as new.The kids love Woody -LRB- and Jessie , and Buzz , and Bullseye -RRB- and play with him every day . He 's held up well to all the love and would get five stars if he sounded a little more Tom Hanks-ish .
 Ah , the wood and the king of the children , my children have had two lost . So I just bought another .
 Purchased for my grandson in Alaska . My son says that the toy is very durable and is played with daily .
 It arrived in great shape in time for Christmas ! It is the classic talking Woody toy and my daughter loves it !
 excelente producto bueno para regalo de mi sobrino le gusta este mu & ntilde ; eco estar&aacute; feliz de recibirlo en navidad a disfrutarlo
 In the age of alot of toys being useless , the woody doll is highly relatable by the kids today . There-fore a meaning full child likeable toy to last at Amazon .
 This toy was given to my son for his birthday . . He loves it . . I like it because he can carry it haha unlike his bulky Buzz . . He sleeps with him as well . . I have no complaints about this toy . . Sure the hat doesnt remain on his head , but what do you expect . . I love that he knows when is hat is on or off his head . . That I think is pretty cool . . No problem with the string , but again , my son does n't just try to yank it out either . . He 's rough dont get me wrong , but he doesnt destruct his toys either . .
 Let me start off by saying that my 2 1/2 year old son is completely in love with Toy Story and Toy Story 2 . He would watch these movies several times per day if I allowed him to do so . His favorite characters are Woody and Buzz and I could not wait to order this item for him . This item was not ordered from AMAZON.com but I did purchase this new in the box from another retailer and wanted to offer my review.After doing some research on what version of the Woody doll I should purchase I decided on this one . When he arrived at our house I allowed my son to open the packaging . He was absolutely FLOORED that Woody was now in the house ! Woody looks almost identical to his Disney Pixar counterpart . He is 16 '' tall , has all the correct clothing , and is constructed to move and bend in the same places as you would expect after watching the movie . Woody does come with a hard plastic hat that does not stay on his head very well unless we place it on backwards and press it firmly to his dome . Not a big deal.After getting Woody out of the box my son immediately turned him around to pull his string . Once the string was pulled and Woody spoke for the first time my son looked extremely puzzled . I 'm sure he was expecting Tom Hanks to be speaking from this Woody doll and he was suprised to hear a voice that sounds NOTHING like Tom Hanks -LRB- I have heard that it is the voice of Tom Hanks brother -RRB- . I was aware that Tom Hanks ' voice was not present in this doll but I was hoping that they could have hired a person to record a voice that would sound somewhat similar . I was also surpirsed that my 2 1/2 year old would be able to identify the difference of the voices with all of his excitement.Here comes THE BIG WARNING ... Woody 's pull-string was not very durable on this particular doll . After my son pulled it for the third time the plastic ring separated from the string upon the retraction into the doll . This means that the string was pulled to activate the voice sequence and was then released from his hand so that it could snap back into place flush with Woody 's back . When the ring snapped back into place the string separated from the ring after connecting with Woody 's back and disapeared into the little black hole of no return ! I could not believe it ! I would highly recommend finding a method to stabalize the pull-cord to the ring either by cutting it and re-knotting it or by another method before your little one starts playing with it . This will save you much time and disapointment . I even went as far as digging into the back of Woody -LRB- days after my son continued to play with Woody -RRB- to find the string and reconnect it to the ring . I was successful with the reconnection -LRB- not the easiest thing to do by the way -RRB- but his voice no longer activates when the string is pulled . So everytime my son pulls this cord I have to do my best Tom Hanks/Woody impression of saying `` You 're my favorite deputy , '' `` Reach for the sky , '' or `` Someone poisoned the water-hole . '' I think he enjoys it because I can make myself sound more like Woody than Woody did for the three times his string was pulled and he actually spoke.I would have rated this toy a 5/5 if it were n't for the flimsy pull-string and ring that broke on the third pull . Although his hat does not stay on and he does n't speak on his own , Woody is still a great toy for your little one if they are really into the Toy Story movies . My son loves him and his Buzz and continues to play with them every day .
 Exactly as the one on Toy Story . People in other reviews complaint about durability of the string on the back , but my 4 year old cousin plays a lot with his Woody , and is working as it should be 4 months later . As far , is a great toy .
 Brace yourself when you buy this , because it does n't have Tom Hank 's voice . I often wonder why ? Perhaps Mr. Hanks demanded too much money . If that is the case , well , I hope he 's glad he 's disappointed a ton of fans . Buzz Lightyear seems to have Tim Allen 's voice ... and it sounds great . Woody 's voice is lame . We did n't have problems with the pull string other people had . One funny thing was that as much as we pulled the string , we never heard the phrase `` reach for the sky ! '' Could it be true ? Could the doll makers have been so callous and absent-minded that they not only messed up Woody 's voice , but they left out one of the best quotes from the movie ? Turns out you have to throw a switch on Woody 's back to get him to say all 10 phrases -LRB- of which `` reach for the sky '' is one -RRB- instead of the 8 phrases he says out of the box . ???? Strange but true . Actually I have n't counted the exact number of phrases , but it 's something around there . Any way , a lot of weird management decisions went into this doll . Thus , it gets a ` B ' rather than an ` A ' .
 I bought this toy for my son and he loved it ... the only problem was after 15 days the batteries went dead and they are the watch batteries and i had to pay more for those then i did for the entire doll . . All in all my son loved it and even when it didnt talk he still played with it ...
 I was worried about the quality of this Woody doll when I read the reviews , but decided to take a chance because my 4 year old is currently obsessed with Toy Story . I was pleasantly surprised when Woody arrived . The level of detail is fantastic and he really looks and moves just like Woody in the movie . His clothes and face seem like a perfect match to me . His hat does fall off easily - but hey , it does that in the movie too.I disagree with others who complain about the voice , I think Woody sounds just fine . `` There 's a snake in my boot ! '' makes me laugh every time , and I 'm not even 4 : -RRB- Most importantly though , my son is in love with this toy . Woody has `` ANDY '' written on one boot , just like in the movie ... the first thing my son wanted to do was write his own name on the other boot.I would buy this again and recommend it to a friend .
 Wow , a lot of people seem really upset by the voice on this Woody doll . I bought it for my 2 1/2 year old son and he adores the doll and does n't notice anything wrong with the voice . It 's true it does n't sound exactly like Tom Hanks , but if you listen to the movie closely neither does the real Woodys pull-string voice ! Woody is supposed to be an old toy from the 1950s , and his voice on his old TV show and pull-string do sound old-fashioned and different in the movie too . This doll is so accurate to the film in every way , that I do n't think they skimped on the voice . Another thing that is maybe too accurate to the film ... ? How easily his hat comes off ! Your toy will be losing his hat as often as Woody does in the movie if you do n't take precautions . I put a square of industrial Velcro on his head and inside his hat and this does the trick ! Another hint ? Just put a square of the rough side of industrial Velcro inside Jessie 's hat , and her yarn hair will act like the soft side of Velcro and keep her hat on too . The Buzz , Jessie , and Woody toy are all wonderful and my son drags them everywhere . So far they have held up just fine and will be his favorites for a long time I think . Buy them and be prepared to have these toys eclipse all others in the toy box as your kid 's new faves !
 I almost did n't get the talking Woody because people complained about the wrong voice and the disappearing hat . Well I 'm glad I listened to my 4YO daughter 's wishes and not everyone here because she loves it ! The voice is not Tom Hanks and we know that , but he 's a good stand-in . He sounds pretty good ! Yes the hat comes off and I thought about hot gluing it on . But for now we are just going to keep an eye on the hat ... and if she loses it , big fat deal . I do n't think her heart will break . He looks just like the Woody in the movie and my daughter even talks to him like Andy did . She even swings him around by his hands ! Overall , this was a great product and I 'm glad I got it . Just keep an eye on the price - I have seen it vary $ 10-15 .
 I Love This Woody , I Had This When I Was Little And I Still Have It And It Is Still Fun To Play By Kids And Your Little One . Defintally Recommended For Your Little Toy Story Fan .
 Now This Is Probably The Cheapest -LRB- in price -RRB- Talking Woody Doll You Can Get , And I Love It ! I Would Recomend This For Any One . And His Boot Actually Says Andy !
 my son loved it . good quality and size . i just wish there was a way to fix the hat in place as it easily drops off
 I had to purchase this for Christmas at the last minute , my grandson had forgot to tell me he told Santa that he wanted this , so I ordered online and received Christmas Eve , my grandson was truly excited Christmas morning .
 This was a gift to my grandson in Atlanta . One foot was missing but my son said that my grandson did n't care he loved it but i wiah it had come intact . I sent them contact info to get it taken care of but do n't know if they contacted Amazon .
 I would recomend this to anyone who has kids that love Toy Story . My wife and I bought this for our 18 month old son who is in love with everything Toy Story and according to him it is the greatest thing because he takes it everywhere just like his blanket .
 This toy is awesome . It 's much larger than I expected . It 's made well , and it talks ! I thought that my son was a little old for this , but he 's never without it . Woody is even present when he 's playing with his Mario Bro . plushes . Nice toy , delivered quickly .
 Nice toy , well done and manufactured , it was a present for my son , arrive on time and it is original and good price
 My son is a huge Toy Story fan . This doll is great and looks exactly like the movie . Even the way he looks when you flop him down a banister or hop him across a couch like in the movie ... the weight of his body and the way it moves are so accurate . My only two complaints are that the hat is a little hard to make stay on and that the fingers are n't flexible . I only mention the fingers because my son accidentally broke Woody 's pinkie finger off within the first week with all the playing . No matter ... we still love him even missing a finger .
 I was hesitant on getting this at first cuz there was mixed reviews and its always hard ordering online . But it was a great price . Now I have n't opened or used it yet b/c its for my son 's birthday but I was happy when it arrived and looked just like what I was expecting . Now all the reviews say that it doesnt have Tom Hanks voice but that doesnt ' really matter to me esp for the price . My son is not die hard Toy Story fan but is just getting into it a little and I thought for the price this was a great way to start .
 My son loves him ! He call 's him his baby . Perfect size & all . Great for any kid . I ca n't wait to get him the horse . Most places sell him for $ 50.00 or more I got him for a GREAT price . Love him ! Now everytime my son watches toy story he saids thats my woody . Lol . It 's funny .
 My four year old loved the set of Toy Story dolls he got this year and it is hard to choose , but I think he likes Woody the best . For him , the most impressive things were its authenticity to the movies . Original sayings in the pullstring voicebox , Andy 's signature on the bottom of his boot , and of course the hat :--RRB- Nothing negative to say about this toy !
 Bought this for my grandson for Christmas ! He loves it ! He loves Toy Story and most especially Woody and Buzz ! Also my oldest grandson has one of these and he is now 7 and still loves it ! Got ta love Woody and Buzz !
 Bought this Woody for my two year old daughter who LOVES the Toy Story movies . Her first question when he came out of the box , `` Where 's Buzz ? '' So , we know what to get her for Christmas.Anyway , construction of Woody seems really good and although my daughter is n't hard on it , he does travel a lot with us . Previous mentions about his hat not fitting well are correct , but if the hat did n't squeeze onto his head a little bit ; it would be lost quickly . And , I 've read complaints about the pull string or ring on his back . But , we have had no problem with that . Woody 's voice is close enough to Tom Hanks that my daughter has n't noticed any difference and loves it so much she probably would n't care.We 've been very impressed with Woody so far and I would definitely suggest this toy for a toddler .
 Well , I was concerned at first after reading other reviews , however my son is happy and Woody sleeps with us every night . Woody only says a few phrases , and has a nose that seems more closely related to Pinocchio . But , the price was right and my 4 year old is happy thus far , no quality issues after one month of use .
 My twins love this toy ; we got this along with the talking Buzz Lightyear , and they 've provided months of fun ! There are lots of sayings that are similar to the Woody dialogue in the Toy Story film . The voice is slightly different , however , so if you are not familiar with the movie , the lines may sound different . Ex . `` There 's a snake in my boot '' ...
 Woody served its purpose of surprising our 2 year old grand daughter with a package in the mail ... only drawback was a nosy in-law -LRB- 40 something and possessive -RRB- who opened the package before letting the grand daughter know it was hers . As for transaction and doll - everything was perfect .
 Woody was purchased for my granddaughter . She loved it . We had alot of trouble getting it out of the box and the box looked like it had been around the moon and back however the doll was ok .
 great toy , my grandson lost his first one when they family moved to NY . Now I have sent a new Woody and he loves it . My daughter-in-law said he takes it everywhere . He is 11 years old .
 Es como ver al propio woody de la pelicula . Muy bien hecho y duradero !! A mi bebe de 3 a & ntilde ; os le gusto mucho !
 Very satisfied with the quality of this toy . I 'm so glad that I ordered two of them , we need one Woody for upstairs and one Woody for downstairs , so one is kept clean for going to bed and the other can be taken outside to play . Our 2 year old toddler just loves his friend Woody ... . thx , a million
 My baby loved!The voice it 's a little bit low , but that it 's perfect with me -LRB- no annoying noises hhahaahha ! -RRB-
 All oure daughter wanted for Christmas was Woody , and he 's wort the money !! He 's fun and entertainin , and he can handle to be played with !!
 I ordered this for my son to give to his son for Christmas and he loved it . It came in a short time too !
 My son is very happy with this present . Woody is a real , as in Toy Story!He looks fairly well and I hope it will not break fast .
 We had an early Christmas this year and when my 2 1/2 year old grandson saw Woody nothing else mattered ! He is exactly like in the movie and is now the favorite toy . Woody even has `` Andy '' written on the bottom of his boot . The only thing is that he hat falls off and is not so easy to get on .
 Bought this for my 3 year old and he loves it . Heard the pull string was not durable , but my son has put it to the test and the ring and string are still in tack . Would recommend , a wonderful buy .
 I recommend this toy , my 3-yr-old daughter loved it . There are only two things to say : - I wish his expression was exactly like the one in the movies , with his eyes completely open , and the mouth closed . This woody is smiling , with his mouth open , and you can see his eyelids . Also , the ring attached to the string is much larger than the `` real '' ring . But overall , it is very similar , including the ANDY inscription on his foot -LRB- with the mirrored `` N '' -RRB- . There is also an inscription on his other foot , with the serial number ! - The second problem is that the ring seems to be tied to the string by a knot , and if this knot gets loose , I am afraid the string will retract and be stuck forever inside the toy ! This has n't happend , as it is a new toy , but I am constantly watching it . Maybe it is a good idea to put some hot glue , or something to prevent this from happening.I can totally live with these two `` problems '' , but if you absolutely want to get an exact replica , maybe go for a more expensive , collectible toy .
 My son who is 7 yrs . old , is in love with Toy Story . We own all three movies . This doll is his little buddy and for his age , I was surprised to see him so attached to it . The doll is well made . I believe it will last a long time .
 grand daughter loves woody doll . very pleased . Woody preforms as expected , no disappointments . She wants additional dolls in series . Thank you .
 Great size.One of the best toys a child could get especially a fan of Toy Story . Real talking Woody and looks identical to the movie character . Details are great especially the name `` Andy '' written at the bottom of his boot . Wonderful toy .
 I loved Toy Story and bought several of the characters to place on the staircase of my office . By the time my clients reach me , they are smiling . I 'm only sad that Woody does n't have Tom Hanks voice .
 Hello!In general , this toy is excellent . I bought it for my nephew and he has had so much fun with it . I totally recommend this toy to other Toy Story fans like me .
 It looks just like in the movie . My kids love it so much . They also got all other main characters from the movie to play with this toy !
 Muy buen producto todo llego a tiempo y de la forma esperada . El vendedor es serio y cumple con lo ofertado
 My son loves Toy Story 1-3 and it only made sense to get the talking Woody doll . He absolutely loves it ! Woody says several phrases with his pull string -LRB- which thankfully is very short and easy to pull -RRB- He also recognizes if his hat is on or off which is kind of hilarious .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 3 year old son . He LOVES it . It 's tough , durable , fun , and looks EXACTLY like Woody . All the way down to the letters `` ANDY '' written on the feet , this toy misses no detail . The only complaints that I have are minor
 Sheriff Woody definitely deserves all 5 stars . He is exactly how the seller described him . Very impressed with the quality and size . The only thing I can really complain about is Woody 's voice . I do n't think my 3 year old is going to know that it 's not the voice of Tom Hanks . Minor complaint on such a great product . I ca n't wait to give him to my 3 year old son for Christmas .
 Buen producto , excelente precio , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 The toy shipped on time . It was in great shape . Packaged well . I did not get the product out of the box yet ... It is a christmas present . But it looks good .
 Except for the voice which is not close to Tom Hanks its a great toy . The pull string has not been an issue either . My daughter loves Buzz more than Woody but he still get a lot of play time . I only wish the hat would stay on better . It fits very loosely and falls off easily .
 I purchased this for my son 's 5th birthday . He loves all of the Toy Story movies , and has had many of the toys , but wanted the talking ones for his birthday . I ordered this for him , and he loves it ! He has played with this doll since he opened it , and even sleeps with it now . The only minor complaint is that the hat fits awkwardly and does n't like to stay on , but that 's not really a huge deal . He loves that he can pull the string and he says the phrases like Woody does on the movies . Overall , I am very happy that I chose this doll because it is a big hit so far !
 Grandson is 8 years old and was for his birthday , he takes it with him everywhere he goes . Only shouldnt put Andy 's name on bottom of boot , that should be for the child who is receiving it .
 This Woody is just what you would expect after watching the movies . The most important thing is that my daughter loves it .
 excelente , el tama & ntilde ; o ideal , mi hijo lo ha utilizado mucho , excelnte pilas lo recomiendo para aquellos ni & ntilde ; os que les guste mucho
 My little one loves `` buzz woody '' ... he cant get enough of the movie . This toy was a surprise for him amd he loves it . Woody is so sweet and the pull string is so retro ! Note that woodys toy voice is not tom hanks ' voice so dont be disappointed when woody starts talking ... little ones dont know the difference anyway ! ; -RRB-
 I bought this for my nephew 's 4th birthday -LRB- since he had 3 Buzz Lightyears and no Woodys ! -RRB- . I love that it is really a model of Andy 's toy in the movie . And my nephew , neice -LRB- 20 months -RRB- and daughter -LRB- 4 years -RRB- spent the weekend dragging this toy around . It was thrown and dragged and pulled and is no worse for the wear . They all love it .
 My granddaughter is completely satisfied with the Toy Store Pull String Woody.She now has the complete Toy Story gang .
 this toy will always be in the heart of kidsit 's huge gift for kidsgreat excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellenthnksarrived on time in perfect conditionsgreat toy
 My Grandson loves this Woody Figurine!He has never wanted a sleeping toy but he has slept with it since Christmas
 bought this for my grandson over a year or so ago & he loved it . It has also help up to his rough treatment of it , so product is made very well .
 Woody arrived sooner than expected and in great condition . Grandson loves to pull the string to hear Woody talk . He likes to put the hat on other toys too .
 Exactly what my Grandson asked Santa for ... . I was the best until he got to his next gift , however still plays with it .
 My 3 1/2 year old son takes it to school sometimes , and to show and tell . He also sleeps with it and watches cartoons with it . He loves it !
 This game is really cute ... at first was n't sure but after I got it I could n't put it down . Another thing I ca n't believe the price ... I only paid 14.99 plus tax . I would not pay for the price they have on here .
 Sooo cute . Santa gave my 7 y.o. daughter the dog and cat versions of this game . She and I have already spent several hours playing with her `` pets '' . Unlike the earlier pets , there is more to do than just care for your pet . There are games , activities and interactions with pet friends . There is a whole village of homes and places to visit.You collect stickers throughout your adventures . For instance there are 29 stickers available for making friends . It is represented by a heart sticker . Everytime you collect a sticker , you are taken to your sticker book and it indicates how many stickers are available and how many you have obtained.There are three exterior buttons for use to play with , groom and feed your pet . When your pet ignores you , it means it is time for grooming , playing or eating.Sometimes your pet will suddenly disappear and then reappear at their potty mat having left a little undesirable . My daughter thinks that is hilarious . Kids!The only drawback is that the screen does not light up for play while travelling after dark . Maybe they 'll improve upon that in the next versions .
 Alright , so I 'm a bit old for this game - but it looked so cute ^_^ ! I could n't resist buying one for myself , after I bought my nieces some Pixel Chix games -LRB- cottage house -RRB- from the toy store.What I like about this toy is that there are many games/activities to choose from , and you get to visit other little houses . I also like the charms included with the toy -LRB- cat , dog , hamster ... -RRB- and the food and brush that are tied to the toy -LRB- again , I thought it looked so adorable when I first saw it -RRB- . I also enjoy the fact that the game is not easy to finish in 5 minites -LRB- the pixel chix , unfortunately , was -RRB- , and each `` corner '' has its own activity and game . There 's a little map located to the right of the screen -LRB- or thereabouts -RRB- showing you where you are , and with the help of the direction sheet -LRB- seperate paper included when buying the toy -RRB- you find that there are places that you can take your pet such as the beach , or the park.What I did not like about this toy
 My daughter received this for Christmas and is one of the few toys she has played with everyday . She likes to have tags to attach to her back pack and belt loops and this is small enough to do that . Small enough that it fits in a child 's hand , but not too loud .
 I think the Litllest Pet shop animals are the best toy because you can take them in the car and stuff like that with you.But when you are in th ecar after dark they do n't have a light up screen Also they have this sticker diary where you can get different stickers for doing different things with your pets . You can also hook them up to other animals and then your animal and the other animal dance . It looks so cool . Trust me . And you can also feed , groom and play games with your pet . I love them .
 Okay so these pets are so much fun.ProsYou can explore a whole mini worldYou can play 30 + -LRB- I think it 's 31 games -RRB- mini games!There 's fun -LRB- and a bit annoying -RRB- musicThe little charms are cute and sillyThe buttons are nice feeling.The charms are fun and interactive.ConsYou ca n't see the screen in the dark.The pet are a bit ugly but they are also really cute too.I do n't like seeing the machinery through the clear plastic - yeah it 's kind of a stupid complaint ! But I 'm one of those people who is afraid of breaking their new toys ... The key chain gets in the way if you are n't using it - but it has cute flowers!So that 's it . Hey , I really want to give this product like a bizillion stars . It 's so much fun.I would n't recommend it for kids under 8 years old though . The games are hard sometimes and it might break -LRB- that does n't mean it 's cheap though -RRB-
 This electronic pet is the best one out there . Giga pets , tamagotchi , whatever-they-bring-on ! This is the best ! You can explore the a town , a mountain , a park and a beach ! You can play 31 games and there 's some fun music too . I got this for my b-day and it 's THE BEST !!!!!!!!! You can use charms to interact with your pet . You have your own house and you can visit your friends . I got the cat and my sister got the hamster . This is like as good as a computer game or a video game ! It fits in the palm of a normal teenager hand and it is so incretable ! It 's sooo cute . YOU HAVE JUST GOT TA GET THIS . P. s. sometimes mail is boring but it 's okay . The games are fun ! YOU CAN NEVER BE BORD ON A TRIP AGAIN . Well I hope this helps . This is the VERY best electronic pet EVER . I would rate it 5,00000000000000000000000 stars ! It is sooo coool !
 I agree with the other review posted . This item was out of stock six hours ago and I really wanted acouple of them . At that time they were 26.99 each and now they are back in stock and at the price of 32.99 !! I went on eBay and got the kitty for 16.99 and the monkey for 18.99 brand new . I have been shopping on Amazon for a few years at Christmas time and I am dissappointed . I also bought the Fly Pentop Computer Bundle on here a couple days ago for 109.99 for what I thought was a deal until today it 's listed for 69.99 ! A forty dollar difference ???? What are they doing on here ??? I should get at least half of the differenc refunded back to me . I love Amazon but what 's the deal ???
 -LSB- From my 8yo daughter -RSB- When I got this toy I enjoyed it for a long time . Sometimes the picture that represents the activity looks like something that it is not . Be sure to check where you are going before you get on the train . You check by pressing the orange button while you are in , not at , the train station . Keep pressing the orange button until something that looks like a frame with a maze inside darkens . Then click the pink button to get a map . You will see letters in the middle of the map which also appear above the doors inside the train station .
 I got two of these for my nieces an I ended up getting one for myself . It 's kinda sad that a college student plays with a little pet shop toy , but it 's sooo cute . I could not help myself ! There are minigames , you can explore to the beach and the mountains , and it come with a cute little keychain . This also works out well when I am board in class.Trinity
 Alright , so I 'm a bit old for this game - but it looked so cute ^_^ ! I could n't resist buying one for myself , after I bought my nieces some Pixel Chix games -LRB- cottage house -RRB- from the toy store.What I like about this toy is that there are many games/activities to choose from , and you get to visit other little houses . I also like the charms included with the toy -LRB- cat , dog , hamster ... -RRB- and the food and brush that are tied to the toy -LRB- again , I thought it looked so adorable when I first saw it -RRB- . I also enjoy the fact that the game is not easy to finish in 5 minites -LRB- the pixel chix , unfortunately , was -RRB- , and each `` corner '' has its own activity and game . There 's a little map located to the right of the screen -LRB- or thereabouts -RRB- showing you where you are , and with the help of the direction sheet -LRB- seperate paper included when buying the toy -RRB- you find that there are places that you can take your pet such as the beach , or the park.What I did not like about this toy
 This scrabble board is great . Be warned , however , that there are so many extra squares and tiles that if you only play with two people , your game will take hours . The only problem I have with the board is trying to clear it at the end of the game . Normally you can just fold the board and pour the letters into the bag but this board has a split in the middle and the grid to keep the letters from sliding . With a little creativity , we were able to figure out a clean-up method without losing too many tiles to the floor . Also , there is no timer included with this edition which would have been a nice addition .
 We were very happy with this game ; the raised grid means we do n't have games that have to be called ` due to sudden kitty ' . My only complaint would be that for such a large and somewhat heavy board it has pretty feeble hinges on it , I 'm afraid that someday we 'll simply be pushing the halves together to use it .
 I 've played the traditional board for 50 years , and since my new wife and I play an average of ten games a week , it was time for something fresh . Our games had become `` speed Scrabble '' and were usually finished in 25 minutes , with the winner 's score ranging from 325-410 or so . The $ 50 this version cost is equal to what we spend at the local cineplex for two movie dates with junk food . We expect to have thousands of hours of pleasure with this item . The board 's ball-bearing ride does suck , as many other reviewers noted . Our solution has been to put the new larger board right on top of our old board and its lazy-susan turntable . Works fine that way on our dining table , on top of a placemat . It 's been fun learning where the big score squares are , and waiting to get two `` Q 's '' or two `` X 's '' or two `` Z 's '' at the same time . Our scores now , winning or losing , are usually in the mid-600 's . It takes us 70 minutes for a game , cutting our play to one game a night , which does n't hurt a bit . For anyone who likes to play regularly , with fairly competent opponents , I recommend it . You might end up making a few new words , and will definitely have fun learning the triple and quadruple letter square locations .
 I purchased the Super Scrabble . It 's a lot more fun because it has twice as many letters . This version is an improvement because it is on a turntable and it has a raised board so the letters fit into little boxes . This way the letters do not move as you chage players . I highly reccommend this game for Scrabble lovers .
 My husband and I love Scrabble . We have every version . We like this one the best . We pick 9 tiles instead of 7 and it makes the game much more interesting especially since it has the `` Super Deluxe '' board . Even though it is a deluxe board with spaces for each tile I am not pleased with the design of the board itself . It seems flimsy and I am afraid it will fall apart before we get a lot of use out of it . Maybe they will design one that is more durable like the older Scrabble Deluxe version . Yes it was a little big and bulky , but the board was strong and durable . It has been on many camping trips and is still in one piece , -LRB- ca n't say that for the box -RRB- :-RRB- . The new board has hinges in the middle where it folds in half and I just know that it will break before it 's time . I would recommend this game to any Scrabble players , but be warned , the board is not real sturdy and does bulge up in the middle where it folds . Still fun and you ca n't beat the security of the deluxe tile boards . Happy gaming .
 We -LRB- my mother , brother and myself -RRB- have been a fan of Scrabble for a very long time . After playing it for so many years , I started feeling the need of a longer game-play . On hunting a bit , came across Super Scrabble . The Deluxe version seemed to be better , especially because of the raised grids.I was a bit apprehensive purchasing it because of some reviews stating that the board was a bit flimsy , and that the tiles did not sit properly along the center of the board . But even if that was the case , I was OK only because of the fact that it had 200 tiles and a bigger board - something that we really wanted . So I went ahead and purchased it.It was shipped to my country India within 1 week . And let me tell you that I was totally satisfied . I found the quality to be very good , and the tiles fit in properly on the grid , even along the center . The board looks professional and special . The wooden tiles were of good quality , and had a comfortable silky feel to them.We have just finished our 7th game , and I feel this has been one of my best investment . I highly recommend this to all Scrabble lovers .
 I have to say , for $ 50 it 's disappointing . As others have pointed out , it 's NOT a board on a raised lazy susan turntable , as was sold in the past . It 's a folding board with round metal bearings on the bottom . On a hard , flat surface , it can be rotated or slid which is convenient to move the board for each player which is really what you need . However , you need a big table to move it around on or it will collide with your racks . A friend made us a wood turntable which we put it on , so we have the benefit of the grid which holds the pieces in place as well as the elevated board which spins over the racks.The folding plastic board is not the most rugged , and needs to be treated a bit carefully . But of course , it 's not one of the super expensive Franklin Mint versions.In our opinion , it 's probably worth getting if -LRB- 1 -RRB- you 're a big fan of super or double scrabble -LRB- 2 -RRB- you really like the grid boards that do n't require you to be a surgeon to place the tiles -LRB- we love that feature -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- you play on a flat , hard surface -LRB- 4 -RRB- you can get the board at a discount -LRB- we got a Barnes & Noble coupon and were able to get it for $ 38 , which made us feel much better -LRB- Jan 2009 -RRB-
 Scrabble is still a great game and in this form it 's particularly enjoyable as the game board will spin around to face each player without dislodging the letters from their grid holder . Well built and resonable .
 This is a fun game . It does take a lot longer than regular scrabble , but it 's fun . It 's easiest with four players , rather than three . Too many turns with three . -LRB- At least for me . -RRB- I like the ball bearings on the bottom that turn the board . Great value .
 Lots of fun to rack up quadruple letter and word scores ! It 's also easier to get double-double scores , etc. . I would recommend subtly marking 100 of the tiles to make it easier to play a traditional game if you desire , as the full 200 tile game can take quite a while . The ball-bearings on the base of the board make it incredibly easy to slide , rotate , and move the board . More fun with 4 + players .
 The Super Scrabble Deluxe is my favorite game . And the customer service from Amazon was wonderful . I will be shopping with them again , and will tell my friends about the great service
 We are scrabble nuts , and this new version with a huge board and 200 tiles is really a lot of fun . You can run up scores of 1000 points on one game . Having the embossed board so the tiles stay in place is a real plus . The little ball wheels work ok on a hard table top , but are not very effective on a padded card table top . All in all , well worth the money !
 Super Scrabble Deluxe is excellent!More tiles , more spaces , quadruple word scores!If you 're a scrabble lover -- this is the game for you !
 We purchased the Super Scrabble Deluxe and the Franklin Scrabble Companion , an electronic dictionary , word finder and game player . The combination of the two has made Scrabble far more interesting , without decreasing the resourcefulness that is rewarded in Scrabble alone . My family enthustiastically recommends this combination .
 Our family , ages 14 -49 , thoroughly enjoy this game . One word of caution
 The game is more challenging than original version , takes longer to play but loads of fun ! We love it!Betsy
 This is simply the Cadillac of Scrabble games . If you play Scrabble , this is the only way to go !!!
 This is a newer version of the game of Scrabble . It is still the fantastically challenging game of Scrabble , but with some new ways to increase you total word scores . The board has ball bearing like balls on the bottom of it to make rotating the board to the next player easy . I think you 'll be pleasantly surprised with this purchase !
 We are a husband and wife team that has been playing Scrabble for ove 40 yrs . and over 10,000 games and are throughly enjoying this new version and would highly recommend it to one and all .
 Super scrabble is super fun . Once you use this game you will never go back to playing the origianl game .
 Larger board , more letters , and a raised grid so the tiles do n't move when bumped . What more can you ask for ? This is scrabble made better . I play it with my 6 year-old and he 's getting so good that he can beat me now . It has really helped develop his word-building skills . Overall , a great game for the whole family !
 This is a an excellent game . I would suggest it for all . We have a regular game night and this is a group favorite . I highly recommend it .
 I love Scrabble ! It 's always been my favorite game . Well , this one takes Scrabble to a new level ! It takes an already fun game , and makes it even more adicting ! This is my new favorite game . I gave one to my adult daughter , and she loves it too . I highly recommend it !
 The game was all I expected it to be and more . Very happy with product and with price . Have done price comparison and this was a good deal . Will buy again from seller .
 We play scrabble quite a bit , so when we saw we could get a board with more letters and better bonus tiles-we bought it-lots of fun and I suggest using 9 letters instead of seven . Better words that way and with double the letters , you can still play in a reasonable amout of time --
 Sunday will be the first time I use my new scrabble set . I play scrabble with a group of women and enjoy it very much . We get together at a different home each week . I have played with the same set as mine at others homes and we find the bigger board more challenging , love the rotating board , and like the enclosed squares . I wanted to have my own set when it is at my home and , also , if I have company , it is a good game to play .
 scrabble is scrabble , and more spaces , and more letters along with the quadruple scoring squares is just better . the only thing I was disappointed in was the way it rotates . there are ball bearings on the bottom , so it rolls rather than rotates . I was expecting a stand that rotated , like the older version of regular scrabble deluxe . but it is still a lot of fun
 This is a great game for children and adults . Scrabble lovers will enjoy the extra challenge of more tiles and higher rated squares.The game lasts longer too ! Its a great educational tool for children , helping them learn new words from others and think about the ones they already know.The slight downside is its supposed to be easier to turn , but its not really . Thank goodness the tiles lock in so they dont move when turning the board from player to player.This is a must have item for scrabble lovers
 I saw this and knew I had to get it for my boyfriend and his family , as Scrabble is all we do when we go there . It 's a lot of fun with the extra tiles , but the game took over three hours to play ! Plus , since the board folds , the tiles do n't lay exactly flat in the middle of the board . It can rotate , which is great , but I wish it had a raised turntable like original Scrabble Deluxe . It was a bit hard to manuever on a plastic tablecloth . But , if you 're ready for a night long game of Scrabble , this is the way to go !!!
 Super Scrabble is way better than regular Scrabble . One can make so many more words and make many more points . 2 of us play every week and our scores are in the 700 's . Of course we fill our holders with 9 letters instead of 7 and sometimes we even use 2 holders , 18 tiles . We do this when we have to play in only a couple hours . Any way you do it it 's great . The lazy susan part of the deluxe set does n't work all that well so I put it on the same lazy susan I used before for the board .
 We bought this for friends that had become nearly addicted to regular scrabble . Now they play this version whenever friends are over because more than 4 can play -LRB- if you have some letter cradles from an extra game -RRB- and the board does not seem to become cluttered with dead ends nearly as fast .
 Super Scrabble Deluxe EditionThis new Deluxe Scrabble is w/o a doubt the greatest Scrabble game ever made . It 's twice the size , and twice the fun for those of us who are obsessed with the game . The only thing I wished they would have done , is put it on a rotating spinner . But my mother and her Scrabble buddy who play Scrabble until 5-6 am in the morning , have already created their own rotation , by using a Lazy Suzy . Between all of my family members , we probably have at least 10 old Scrabble boards , but when my mom and her Scrabble buddy bought the deluxe version and we played on it , I immediately purchased 2 new Deluxe boards -LRB- one for myself , and my dad and his family -RRB- , and since that time , no one wants to play with the old boards . If you are a Scrabble lover , I strongly suggest that you get this new deluxe version ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is by far the best version of Scrabble available for the word-game enthusiast . We discovered the expanded version a couple of years ago and were frustrated by the plain , flat playing board - it was prone to scattering the tiles . So we were elated to find this deluxe edition , which has the raised edges to hold the tiles . The added rows and the quadruple scoring makes the game more versatile and much more enjoyable for us Scrabble nuts ; although if only two players are involved , the game can last quite awhile , but so what - is n't the idea to have a great time ?
 Love this game . The board was damaged by the manufacture , The game shipped in perfect condition , but the board was damaged in a perfectly sealed box , I e-mailed the manufacturer and they sent a replacement immediately ... . I was very impressed .
 It takes a long time to complete a game , but it is fun to make big words and high scores . Only complaint is the the center of the board does n't lie flat .
 We loved playing our old scrabble game , but this newer bigger board is fantastic ! With twice the number of letter tiles and the bigger board size we are able to build out to the edges of the board and use up all of our letters . It 's fantastic ! Love the divider grid too . Yes , the center row where the board folds is a little unstable , but it still does it 's job . It 's nice to be able to turn the board with the little ball bearings underneath.We 're so glad we bought this board !
 Original Scrabble was great , but it always felt like you were trying to cram words on the board for the last half of the game . Super Scrabble makes larger words easier throughout the game , ups the game length and points , and takes some of the focus off the puzzle aspect and places it back on the word competition , where it belongs.The Deluxe version is definitely worth it ... the raised grid keep the letters nice and neat , and rarely bumped out of place . The ball bearings on the bottom help the folding board turn smoothly , but I wonder how long before they get stuck . This game is a ton of fun , a great improvement on the original , and worth the money for the deluxe designation .
 It took me a couple of Scrabble games before I finally `` bit the bullet '' and paid the extra cost for this Super Scrabble Deluxe Edition.It is well worth the extra money . Not only are the tiles secured to the board , it slides with such ease on the table you hardly know it 's moving.The only problem , if you want to fuss , is that the tiles are harder to put back into the box for storage since they are so secure in their raised squares . Oh well . It would be nice if someone would come up with a magnetic board and tiles game , but so far this does n't exist.Any entrapreneurs out there ?
 I love this game ! The additional letters and larger board make it exciting , especially having quadruple word scores ! The only thing that would make it better for me would be if the board were a little sturdier , however I play with adults , so we 're careful when setting up the game . We 're playing Super Scrabble tonight at GAME NIGHT !!!!
 My wife and I have n't stopped playing since we got it a month ago.This large plastic gameboard has raised edges framing each square on the board that help keep the pieces in place.It rotates by using tiny ballbearings encased throughout the bottom of the board . It works best on a large , flat , solid surface . It is a bit awkward rotating this large board especially if you have anything else around it . We play the game on a table all by itself and keep score , drinks , etc. . . on a side table.It is roughly TWICE the size and has TWICE as may letters as the standard scrabble game so more and longer words can be formed . It takes much longer to complete a game too . We are often leaving an `` unfinished '' game up overnight and continue it the next day and have even left `` Your Turn '' note on the board with the last word spelled.We are very pleased with `` Super Deluxe Scrabble '' ... A + +
 I have been playing Scrabble for close to 50 years . Various boxes of Scrabble have accompanied me around the world to be played with anyone who had the remotest interest and also with friends who would ask `` have you packed the Scrabble ? `` I always felt that I had a good command of the english language and since a child have been the one who bends the corner of a page over , as a reference point for my dictionary to find out the meaning of a word on the page . I still do it to this day.I have a life long friend in the UK and several times a month we will log on to the web and play live games of Scrabble , completing entire games in 10 minutes !! The new super sized board has advanced the possibilities of the game even further and as the saying goes , its hard to go back!Scrabble is a gift of learning the fun way and discovering how to bluff your family and friends into challenging a word that you know they will be uncertain about.Adore the game , the competitiveness and 50 years on , enjoy the fact that the english language can still teach me a thing or too .
 We had been looking for a scrabble board with a turntable and the raised grid so that it would be easier and more enjoyable to play . I 'd been checking every week or so and when this one went on sale with free shipping from Amazon I figured it was time to order . We have n't had time to play much but it 's exactly what we wanted !
 I bought this game for my wife who loves regular scrabble and often plays it solitaire . She has had a lot of fun doing the same with the expanded version because of the increased number of letters giving more opportunities for words to be created with letters such as X and Z , more opportunities to create words on a `` spread out '' board and a longer play time -LRB- helpful for solitaire , where the game can be left for a while if necessary -RRB- . Disadvantages seem to be that luck has more to do with who wins . For example , my wife usually beats me because of her excellent vocabulary base , but with some lucky letters and being able to use double-double word score and quadruple word score , I was able to get very large scoring rounds and score a rare win . The one nice thing about this is that if you get far behind , a lucky round can put you back in the game pretty quick . Another possible downside is that it took 2-1/2 hours to play , which was okay on a rainy windy winter afternoon , but may prove troublesome on a warm spring day when the sun beckons .
 Overall this is great . I like the wooden letters and the grids to keep them in place . It says it `` rotates '' so I thought it had a turntable to spin around on like other boards we have played on . But it does n't . It has a little ball on each corner to help turn the board - it 's ok , but it 's more difficult to turn around , especially on a smaller table . I would prefer the turntable to spin the board .
 This new Scrabble game is loads of fun and a lot more challenging than the regular game . To make it more fun we play with 14 letters instead of the usual seven . This way we write a lot of seven and more letter words for a high scoring game . Great family fun with loads of double , triple and quadruple points !
 My family and I loved playing on the Super Scrabble game board . It provided us with great opportunities to create more words than usual , enjoy time with each other and score higher ! It 's really super . LD in Scottsdale
 We love this game ! More spaces , and more letters , and the extrs bonus squares make it lots more challenging and fun.Super Scrabble Deluxe Edition
 WE love Scrabble . The Deluxe version is terrific , the one downside is the board . The seam in the middle lets the tiles wobble that are in the `` seam line '' and the little plastic hinges broke the second time we used the board . A very disappointing design flaw ! Being creative , I have managed to effect a repair that has made the board sturdier , to bad the design team could n't have done the same . I also made a platform for the game to sit on as the ballberrings can and will scratch whatever surface the game is placed on , another design flaw . Games can last longer and are more challenging with the extra space and letters . We truly enjoy it .
 This new version is great as it is possible to make mega points on one word ! It talks longer and I think it requires more strategy to do well at it !
 IT BRINGS BACK THE FUN WE USED TO HAVE PLAYING THE GAME.ALL THE PIECES STAY IN PLACE WHENEVER THE GAME BOARD IS BUMPED
 Ordered as new . Received as used . Should be better informed . . Price was different . Otherwise we are very happy with the game . Jack OB
 i love this board ... sooo pleasant to have tiles remain where they 're put . end of game cleanup a bit of a pain but , so worth it ...
 We received the product we were expecting . The product has met all expectations . My wife beats me on most every game however .
 ; IT WAS FOR MY DAUGHTER IT WAS DELIVERED PROMPTLY AND IT WAS EXACTLY WHAT SHE WANTED . i WOULD RECCOMEND IT TO SCRABBLE LOVERS WHO LIKE MORE CHALLENGE THAN THE ORIGINAL GAME .
 Me Mum and I have been playing Scrabble daily for a long time but to now have a bigger board ... more tiles and a board that sports raised plastic slots for the placement of each and every tile ... well it almost feels a guilty pleasure indeed ... Thanx and best wishes from ... Kathryn Herriott Hunt ... her Mum and what we feel is the requisate canine crowd `` cheering '' us on ...
 We have n't played Scrabble in years ... until New Years Eve when a couple invited us to spend the evening with them playing Scrabble . Theirs was one of the `` original '' models , like we used to play . It was a fun evening so we decided to get a Scrabble game of our own . We came across Super Scrabble with all of its new and improved features , so we bought it . We invited the couple with whom we spent New Years , to come play and what a hoot the evening was . We spent 4 hours on just one game . All the tiles stayed in place , we rotated the board and had double the scoring opportunities . If you like Scrabble , you 'll LOVE Super Scrabble .
 Me and my wife love regular scrabble , so we loved this game . The letter combinations are different and the scoring can get a little out of control -LRB- which I like , but I 'm not so sure about my wife -RRB- . Overall it 's a good diversion from regular scrabble .
 For anyone who likes regular Scrabble , this is a great gift . The 4x squares are a fun challenge to get to or keep others from being able to use ! The bigger board and more tiles do make this a longer game to finish , but I do n't know that we 'll ever go back to the regular size game again ! The ridges to hold the tiles in place are really nice , especially if you have to let the game sit a while , no worry about skewed words if the board gets bumped . The only negative thing I 'd say is n't anything major , but when we finish a game with the old board we 'd pick it up , fold it and slide all the tiles off into the box/bag . You ca n't do that with this ... the tiles do n't slide , and when you fold the board the tiles fall through the middle crack , so you have to more or less take the tiles off individually when putting the game away .
 We have been playing scrabble for years and it was time to make it more interesting since our normal games only take 1/2 an hour , now we can play for an hour to an hour and a half . This is good because we love scrabble and it has some extra twists in it to keep the player more focused on the game . If you have played regular scrabble for a long time this is a great change . We do n't play this as often because of the time but when we do it is a treat .
 Scrabble is a great game and the super scrabble deluxe edition is no exception . Raised grid - must have . Larger board , more tiles - must have . The turntable is a sorry excuse compared to the real turntables . This game has several ball bearing type rollers that allows for turning the table . It works but compared to the real turntable model , pretty sorry . I can get by with that but the really sorry part is that the table folds in half via 2 small plastic hinges and the two halves of the board do n't line up which makes for an uneven surface for those tiles to lay . The bottom line is that I 'll use it and the real problem is quality control in CHINA !
 The only draw back is the difficulty of putting the squares back in the bag when you complete a round . They stay on the board and you can not bend the board while the pieces are on it .
 The addition of so many extra tiles , plus the quadruple point score , made for a very exciting game . It takes longer than a typical regular Scrabble game , but the game holds our interest very well -LRB- so many possibilities !! -RRB- . The raised board is wonderful , and it rotates very well . The only problem we encountered was when trying to put the game away ... it 's very hard to get the tiles back into the bag . They ca n't just slide in the way they would if the spaces were n't raised . But this is a minor flaw - the game itself is GREAT ! Definitely recommended !
 my friend and I play alot of scrabble , we just got super scrabble and love it -- takes longer , but we usually play 2 games at a time of reg scrabble anyway .
 Overall this is a very nice deluxe set . I was a bit surprised that the board has more spaces , and tiles than a standard Scrabble board . Games take longer and have more possibilities than normal but it is still the same Scrabble .
 This game is all that I expected . It is fun and gives more possibilities . The only drawback is that it may take 3 to 4 hours to play unless each turn has a time limit . If the turns are timed one can still expect a long but fun game . Thanks for making this game . Again some may not like the length so prepare for a long game .
 As an avid scrabble player for over 30 years , I love the super scrabble board game . I really like the raised edges that keep the tiles in place in case the board is bumped . Also like the lazy-susan style board although it needs a big table area to play on ! Great game : -RRB-
 I purchased this for myself , since I asked for , but did not receive it for Christmas . My daughter and I have played it several times since , and we have had a great time with it . It is not as sturdy as the one that I have that actually sits on a turntable -LRB- as this sits on ball bearings -RRB- , but we are adults and not very hard on this kind of stuff . Yes it does take more time to play , so set aside a morning or afternoon , but it is worth it .
 I am a senior citizen and I have to keep my mind sharp . I play by myself lots of times and pretend 4 people are playing.Time just flies , and before you know it 2 hours have gone by in a jiffy .
 Product arrived as promised . Waiting for a crowd to play the game . Expect excellent results . Sorry I ca n't be more specific .
 Super Scrabble Deluxe EditionMy husband and I play all the time . He works third shift , so our games always go on for a couple days . We play with 9 tiles so the 7-letter words are a big part of our games . With the super scrabble there are more 7 letter or more words showing up . We like the 50 point bingo that gets added to those words . Needless to say , our scores are way way up there . We are going to my mom & dad 's this weekend , taking the game with us . I may have to leave it there and order another one ! We really like the grid that keeps the tiles in place . The only thing we found that was just a little bit disappointing . The racks are not quite big enough to hold 9 tiles . We use the red plastic racks from a 3o year old or so scrabble game my mom gave us two years ago . We got her for Christmas a newer Deluxe Regular scrabble board , but even though it have the turn table , the letters do not stay on the board nicely because there are just little slight pockets . I was bumming for her .
 Love the bigger game ! My family gets together every week and we end each night with a game of scrabble . we did take the extra `` tile holders '' out of the old game so we could ave more people play . : -RRB-
 The amount of tiles is about double but the games do n't take twice as long since there are more places to make your plays . the rules are the same but I think the game just works better in this larger format .
 I first ordered the Platinum edition although the price was rediculous and the delivery time was like two weeks.Therefore , I cancelled the Platinum and ordered the Super Scrabble Deluxe Edition . It is awesome and we got it in days not weeks at 1/2 the price.I was a little disappointed about the turntable , it is very different than I had when I was young and there are twelve ball bearings , six in the middle like the old days and the other six are on either side of the board . I just checked how easily the turntable works and it is perfect too.I am still going around and round with npfister3 who sold me the Platinum edition . He said that I had to cancel the order with his buyers . I have no idea what he is talking about his name was the only one on the Platinum scrabble .
 This game is sooooo much fun . Love that the game board is bigger . With a bigger board it gives you a lot more space to create more words . My kids love playing this game .
 Everything about this product is what I expected . It 's fun to play , albeit longer than the original , and definitely a nice challenge.The only downside I see is that since the board is hinged in the middle , the tiles do n't sit perfectly along the vertical seam . The tabs that create the `` hinge '' also seem a little flimsy and prone to breakage .
 I bought this game for our family for Christmas . The scrabble fans loved it !!!!! There are so many more tiles and higher tile spaces for more scoring . The `` rotating '' game board was very disappointing . Small balls on the back of the board are suppose to rotate the board . I thought it would be on a lazy susan type apparatus .
 My husband and I love this game . It has a lot more tiles than regular Scrabble , as well as more ways to score big .
 I bought this top end version of game for my wife and she was impressed with all the thoughtful features like rotating board . Great buy on Amazon .
 Super Scrabble has the added element of additional scoring tiles and additional letter tiles . The game score changes dramatically at any moment . It 's just a double dose of the worlds best board game .
 I have always been a Scrabble lover . My son told me he saw this on Amazon , so bought as an early Christmas present for him . What a great game !! If you love Scrabble , you will love this . Double the tiles , lots more bonus squares . Will take a while to figure out what a good score is . With regular Scrabble and 2 players , over 500 I think was considered good . The board is clear plastic and hold the tiles pretty secure , folds in half because it is so large . Has roller balls underneath so rolls on table easily . Again , if you love Scrabble this is really fun !
 My wife and I play scrabble regularly . We started using Super Scrabble instead of the standard game a couple of years ago and reallly love it . The only problem was that since the game is twice the size of the original scrabble , it took us more than one sitting to finish a game . The standard flat board was easily bumped and often our games were ruined by someone bumping the board . I even contacted the Scrabble people to see if I could get a deluxe board -LRB- with the rails -RRB- 2 years ago and was told that it was not being made ... and NOW here it is . no more ruined games from someone bumping the board!We love the Deluxe game.Only -LRB- minor -RRB- problem is the seam where the board folds does not always lie flat so the letters in that column can move around.all in all , a wonderful addition to the scrabble game .
 If you like scrabble you will LOVE Super Scrabble . More tiles and larger game board allows you to spell bigger words for bigger points ! Please note however that the game takes twice as long because of the 200 letter tiles as opposed to the 100 . The deluxe edition features a rotating board but it is not on a turntable . It is set with ball bearings allowing it to turn on a stable hard surface . Just do n't set on anything you do n't want to have scratched . Highly recommend .
 If you like and enjoy regular Scrabble , you will love Super Scrabble . But - be sure to get the deluxe version because the regular Super Scrabble lacks the much-needed raised grid . Turntable is a little funky , but it 's still great fun to play .
 I played this game while visiting my Aunt and Uncle in FL and we had so much fun that I had to buy it when I got back to NY . The only problem I had was that the fold on the board does n't allow the letters there to lay flat .
 I highly recommend this game for anyone that loves Scrabble and is very patient . Having twice as many letters as the original board can result in some rather long games depending on the rules you use . I would recommend the deluxe version over the regular because of the grid spaces . The only thing I was slightly disappointed by was the quality of the board . I do n't know how the regular Scrabble Deluxe board is but this one is 100 % plastic and just does n't feel like the Scrabble board I am used to -LRB- the original -RRB- .
 If you and your group are avid Scrabble players , you need this version!Super Scrabble Deluxe EditionThe larger board presents a unique set of tactical options
 This is a great concept ; it is double the tiles and has much greater scoring opportunities as well as a much larger board . We have spent MANY hours already playing and will continue to do so . My only complaint is that the board , a clear plastic , seems to be cheaply made and can snap out of the hinge easily -LRB- which feels like it can break very easy -RRB- and I am real disappointed in the tiles and the tile holders . They are the cheapest tiles , the same exact ones that come with the $ 8 standard edition . I was expecting a much nicer built and thought out product.But , if you do n't mind that , the game itself is loads of fun !
 Really enjoyed having twice the letters and space . The black letters on the natural wood tiles are easier for me to read than the gold on maroon tiles . The additional bonus squares boost the high score possibilities . The hinges on the board are weak . The roller bearings allow the board to swivel on smooth surfaces and catch on uneven surfaces . I also miss the having the letter count on the tile holder . With careful use , Super Scrabble Deluxe Edition is a great educational game . Math , spelling , logic and memory skills are constantly used . I recommend the Scrabble dictionary and the Webster 's dictionary to develop skills and knowledge .
 Our weekly Scrabble group uses this game when 5 or 6 of us play . It keeps us on our toes as the point values are different and there are double the amount of letters in the game . The game rotates so that each player can look at it the right direction . The spaces are recessed so that the tiles do not slide out when the board is rotated . The letter spaces are not quite deep enough to be 100 % effective . We have games of varying age and it seems as though some of the older Scrabble games had deeper spaces . All in all , this is a fun game . We 're all Senior Citizens so fudge on the rules by having our 2 - and 3 - letter word lists in large type . We also have the large print editions of the Scrabble dictionary . From 4 to 6 of us play weekly . One game a month is in the evening following a community potluck . Otherwise we have snacks -LRB- some have wine -RRB- , play a game and then have coffee & dessert . We have a lot of laughter and consults with each other on how to make words .
 Super Scrabble is what the original game wanted to be . With over 400 spaces -LRB- instead of the old 225 -RRB- , and quadruple scoring spaces , it 's hours of fun ! The deluxe game board has rollers on the bottom that make it easier to rotate the board , as long as you have a smooth table under it . The board is hinged in the center for storing , but be careful - the hinges are plastic and can come apart easily . The game board has a raised grid , eliminating the old problem of the letter tiles wandering off their spaces . Even if you 've played the old game for years -LRB- which our family has -RRB- , you 'll want to play this one even more .
 I have a group of friends and we love playing Scrabble . I have all the types of scrabble -LRB- raised letter board , rotating board , but the new super scrabble with all the above features is the greatest . I love it so much I bought 3 for gifts . Its an evening of fun , for the whole family as well as friends . My grand kids also love to play .
 The super scrabble that was a joint gift for us for Christmas andis fantastic . Although the spaces and tiles havedoubled from the normal size scrabble game thegame takes more than twice the time to complete . Highly recommendthis super scrabble especially for retires to keepthier mind 's in an active challanging status.Five stars .
 I love this version of Scrabble . The board is much larger , you can gain higher points and it swivels so that you can turn it as each player takes their turn .
 The board turns 360 degrees and rolls smoothly , which makes it easy to look at the words right side up without moving around .
 If you love Scrabble and play it often , this set is for you ! Double the tiles , double the spacing , triple the triple letter word scores and the all new quadruple world and letter score ! The additional tiles and spaces elongates the game , so if you do n't have much time , just play with a regular set . The best part is your scores will go through the roof ! My mom and I duel on a regular basis and in our last game , we both ended with scores over 900 points . THAT is fun!The deluxe edition is made of plastic and has raised ridges to keep tiles in place , folds in two for storage in the box and has ball bearings on the bottom for easy rotation and movement of the board . We have n't had any issues with scratches from the ball bearings and have used it on many surfaces.This makes for a great gift for the Scrabble enthusiast ! We 've given my mom many different versions , including a wooden deluxe edition , but ever since receiving Super Scrabble , it 's the only board she wants to play on .
 The Super Scrabble Deluxe edition is great ! I bought one as a gift and then had to get one for myself because I liked it so well . The board has small ball bearings to roll around easily from person to person . The number of tiles is doubled and the board has a lot more possibilities with extra bonus squares . Scoring is much higher that way as well . It does n't take as long to find a play because of the extra spaces so it does n't take much more time than the regular game . It came very quickly in excellent condition and I love it . Scrabble helps build vocabulary , spelling , adding , subtracting , multiplying , problem solving , & strategy skills , teaches taking turns and planning , & it is just a lot of fun .
 I had n't played Scrabble for years but a friend wanted to play . So , ahead of time I bought this and I 'm really glad I did . We had a blast on it , although I kept losing , and I would reccomend this game to my friends & family too . Buy it ! It really is a lifetime investment !
 I like scrabble , alot . . What I really like is defeating ever member of my family with my awesome word power . No bones about it , I will crush all those who challenge my vocabulary superiority .
 I played this game about 30 years ago . It is great that the rotating board is still available today . Get this game and have a family night .
 It 's the Scrabble game , so what more can you say ... however for the price , the storage box could be a lot better and while the board does rotate , its not like a real lazy susan would be that has a base and spins nicely ... it just has some ball bearings embedded in the bottom of the board and uses that to turn . So it does not spin very effortlessly especially if playing on carpet or on a surface that is not smooth -LRB- such as a table with a table cloth on it -RRB- . Personally , I 'd get the standard edition and buy a separate lazy susan if you only buying this edition for the ability to spin the board .
 This was a gift for my son and his wife . They both loved it and now I want one too .
 I had bought this game several years ago and it was amazing . The extra premium squares , especialy the quadruple letter and quadruple word spuares , leads to more scoring opportunities and there are more words that you can play condierning the fact that there are twice the number of tiles.Granted it takes a while to play , but its worth the time .
 Our family played a lot of Scrabble on vacation this summer , but found that our games were too short and frustrating on the standard -LRB- 100 tile -RRB- board . This one is MUCH better and allows for longer games/higher scores . I do , however , have a few complaints
 This scrabble set brings us to the next level ... more tiles , more spaces and with a quadruple scores . It has raised grids and the board rotates at any angles for the convenience of the player . It 's super !!!
 I purchased Super Scrabble Deluxe Edition for my Mother 's Birthday . We always said that Scrabble should have more tiles , a larger board , and more bonus spots . This one has all that ! We vary the game , playing the usual 7 pieces when playing with the kids , and either 11 or 15 pieces each when it 's just my Mom and I . We play Scrabble a lot , and the kids are just amazed by the long words that we come up with and it challenges them to try to make longer words when we play with them . Scrabble is our ` go to ' game . All of the kids started playing when they were little -LRB- maybe as little as 3 -RRB- . They would not always finish a game , but we felt like we had a victory if they just played for a short time , and then we called in a ` sub ' to finish for them . Now , the kids are teenagers , and they all want to play Scrabble with Grandma . It was the only board game we took on our recent vacation to Colorado , and it got used almost every day . I highly recommend this product to any fan of the original Scrabble . Thanks ! R. Allen in Texas
 Super Scrabble Deluxe EditionSuper Scrabble stretches your game strategy to include quadrouple word and letter scores . Sometimes extra points are available within one play ! Extra letters and larger board ! This version of the game is most appropriate for veteran scrabble players !
 This game is awesome ! If you like regular scrabble , this one is just so much bettr - bigger words , bigger scores and double the letters !
 Scrabble has always been a great educational game . The first Super scrabble board I had was like the old boards , with tiles that could be bumped out of place . This board solves that problem . My only knock is that the board will not turn easily unless you 're on a totally flat surface . But hey , what 's perfect ?
 My wife and I are avid Scrabble players . She is actually very avid and serious . She is also very difficult to buy presents for or to surprise with something that she really likes.When I found Super Scrabble I decided to take a chance and bought it for her for Christmas.She was skeptical when she opened it , but we played our first game a few days later with our sons who were both home for the holidays and thoroughly enjoyed it . My wife declared that she never wanted to play normal scrabble again !! It is a great and challenging game . It does take longer to play but does result in higher scores and somehow makes comebacks more possible than in the original version.Yes the board is a bit flimsy , but we mounted it permanently on a piece of inch plywood and it is much more sturdy . It no longer works like a lazy susan , but that could be remedied if I was creative enough.If you like Scrabble odds are that you will love Super Scrabble.Ewald Wibergauthor ofThe Perfect Vacation
 My husband and I love playing Scrabble , so one day not too long ago , I surprised him by purchasing the deluxe version of Super Scrabble . I wanted it because of the opportunity to make words that you could not make with the regular Scrabble game . I also like the gridded board to help keep the tiles in place while the game is in progress.As far as the game play goes , we love it ... but as far as durability goes , I 'm not too thrilled with the way the board is made . The seam where the board folds not only wo n't always lay flat , the board comes apart there on a regular basis . In fact , I think the board has come apart every time we play the game ... We 're not rough on the game ; the board is just made in a slip-shod manner . So far , my husband has been able to put the board back together again each time it comes apart , however , it is plastic so I 'm not expecting it to last like it should.I ca n't recommend this version of the game to families with young children because of the structural defects of the game board ; aside from that annoying flaw , I do recommend the Super Scrabble game to families with teenage children and to adults who like to stretch their vocabulary . Families with younger children should probably consider the less expensive regular version of Super Scrabble - the one where the board is n't plastic . -- addendum -- I 'm revising this review nearly four years after the purchase of the game . We still love the expanded scoring opportunities and extra board space ... and for a wonder , the board has n't broken on us - yet . It still comes apart on the same regular basis - not quite every time we play anymore , but still more often than it should . The main change I 've made is to the durability rating , which I decided deserves only two stars , not three . Yes , I paid too much - well over $ 40 , but no , I 'm not a bit sorry . I do wish the board was better made though , especially since this version of the game seems to be no longer available .
 Great game for -LRB- 4 -RRB- people ... like the inset board for tiles . Would recommend for anyone that likes Scrabble to purchase .
 This is a great buy . The game grid is much bigger than the original board . Combine this with twice as many tiles as the original , and you can play much longer games with more than 2 people . The raised grid keeps the tiles in place well . The board is set on a number of ball bearings , so you can spin the whole board for a good look very nicely . The bag for the tiles makes it much more organized , without just having the tiles scattered all around the box . It also makes choosing tiles easier as you do n't have to flip all the tiles upside down and shuffle them to choose your letters . All in all , it 's awesome !
 we 've been playing Scrabble for years and actually wore out the Super Scrabble we had . This one is so well made I expect it to last a life time .
 We like playing scrabble with this edition because of the extra tiles and board space.Tiles and trays are sturdy ; the trays have extra letter space so that one can slide tiles around easier.I do have some concern for the board 's hinges ; the long term durability looks very questionable plus the lack of a center hinge may lead to bowing and can cause some funky unevenness in the center when playing.The balls on the bottom of the board are very nice for rotating the board when we play on a table , but are worse than a flat board when playing on carpet -LRB- in this case , a short-height & dense carpet -RRB- .
 So much more fun to play Scrabble with bigger board and more letters . The game takes longer but even a couple of hours into the game there remain more possibilities for words . Love the recessed tile areas so letters ca n't shift and slide . Also te ball bearings on the reverse of the board make it easy to rotate 180 degrees to the other player . We have only played the game between us two but imagine it would be fun for more . Delux Scrabble seems to resolve all our complaints about the original game . Thanks !
 The game was exactly as expected . Double everything . Only drawback is the fact that it hinges in the middle . I have an older Scrabble board that is on a lazy susan type turntable . This one has ball bearings embedded in the bottom of the board and it rolls and slides pretty well . Just wish they would have made the hinge a bit sturdier . Still waiting for a fix for the long time running issue of how to get all the tiles back in the bag without making a mess . One last note , one of the `` A '' tiles was damaged at some time . I took a picture of the tile and the broken piece , e-mailed them and inquired about a replacement . Within four days the replacement came to the house in a bubble envelope NO CHARGE !
 I purchased this item as a gift for an aunt who loves playing Scrabble . However , due to a significant essential tremor , she ca n't play a regular Scrabble game . The pieces end up scattered everywhere.She LOVES this version . The grid lines are just enough so that she can place the tiles without knocking others out of the way . The board rotates on little casters , and it works well.Pricey , but if you have someone who really could benefit from the raised grid , it is worth it !
 This game puts a new spin on a classic . We will enjoy it for many years to come . Scrabble is a great educational game for our entire family .
 i need the next size larger motor for a lionel thomas train replacement-please help . pls contact me so i can order the right one .
 Material was received in time fashion , but needs superior packing for international despatch.But its a superb piece and a good addition to any truck / trailer collection .
 My son loves this , and works with it quite often ! He loves die cast toys , and is not easy on them . Very strudy , and better in person
 I ordered this truck for my son who is 4 1/2 years old and he absolutley loved this truck . He opened it christmas day and was so excited that santa got it for him . Its the truck he always wanted he said . He plays with it everyday . It is a fragile truck so I have to make sure he takes care of it since hes a little rough so far it came apart but my husbnad was able to fix it . Overall I was happy with the purchase and so was my son . The truck was flawless and brand new just like the seller said and arrived on or before the time they said . I will definitely buy from this seller again and would recommend them .
 This was a Christmas gift to my great grandson -LRB- 2000 -RRB- miles away . I heard loved it and ingnored the rest of his gifts .
 Brought this for my son who loves big trucks . He dad is a log truck driver , so this was a great gift .
 Got this as a gift for my son . After a closer look at it , I will probably get another one to put on a shelf as a collector item . Built well good detail . Yes logs are separated .
 I wanted my grandchildren to learn and value the worthwhile occupation of logging and it 's relationship to ourfamily and their ancestors . I wanted the toy to be sturdy enough for them to play with and make it work . I wanted it to be the right value for the amount of money paid . I was happy to see this occupation represented in your toy line .
 My 10 yr . old daughter got this game last Christmas , and really enjoys it ! This is a card game format and players draw horse cards to use in game play , for different horse show events and competitions . Players need to use logical thinking when deciding what card -LRB- s -RRB- to play during the various events of a show -LRB- each horse has strengths and weaknesses -RRB- . Each game is fairly quick -LRB- another plus ! -RRB- , but once players start , it 's hard to stop after just a couple of games :--RRB- This game would be especially enjoyable to horse-lovers !
 I love this game ! Although it does n't teach much about the horses themselves , players can learn about the different disciplines . Very cute pictures of the horses ! Like Herd Your Horses , this deserves to be a classic horse game that you can play again and again with horsey or non-horsey friends . Use strategy to determine which horse to enter into which class with which accessories . ` Horse Show ' takes a little while to learn , but after that it moves quickly . If I could change one thing about this game , I would put information on the personalities , talents , etc. for each horse on the backs of the cards , like Herd Your Horses does . But it 's fun to make up personalities , breeds , experience levels and other things for the horses and pick your favorites . If you 're looking for an exciting horsey game to play , try ` Horse Show ' .
 My 10 year old daughter received this as a gift ; of all the games she got for birthday/Christmas , this was in the top five . The game requires some strategy -- at the random draw of a card , you must choose which horse to compete in that event . Each horse has varying degrees of strength in four different categories , but can only be used once in the game . As the players progress through each event , they must use weaker horses -- this is where the strategy comes in , as players must think in advance about the best way to use their stable of horses . The `` right '' answer is not necessarily to use the strongest horse each time . For additional complexity , there are also equipment cards that boost the strength of a horse in a single turn . Adults wo n't find this game particularly hard , but interesting enough to make it fun to play with your kids .
 Yes , Horses , Cards , and Fun all mixed together is definetly what I would call this masterpeice in Family Games . Illustrations are detailed and beautiful . Although you do n't learn very much about the horses themselves , you can determine the four main classes of Showing . Horse Show will get you more interested in horses tham you ever have before , and I assure you any horse enthusiast , or someone who doesnt even have anything to do with horses , would spend hours of fun competing in Dressage , Equitation , Jumoer , and Hunter events .
 You need to be old enough to look at a set of several horse cards and decide which kind of horse show a particular hose would do best in and which horse you would get the most points for if you had that particular horse compete in a dressage show , jumper show , ect . points are added up and who evers horse earned the most points wins that horse show and that player gets to keep the cards . So I would say ages 8 to 12 , but younger children could play with help from someone who can read and add up numbers.There is a limited amount of rounds in a game , since there is a limited number of cards to play for each horse show so the game last around 15 minutes or so . I like this part a lot , since games like war `` Chomp '' can go on forever.It does take a table top to play the game , I originally purchased the game for my daughter thinking she could play it on the bus with a friend , but you need to have a surface to lay out some cards . I quess you could try to squeeze them onto a larger text book laid onto your lap . But it would n't be easy .
 This is a card game . It revolves around each player playing a card -LRB- which represent horses -RRB- in ` events ' which are turned up in a random order . The highest scoring horse in the event turned up wins . Sounds straight forward , but each horse has different abilities , there is an element of chance in the hand that you are dealt , the event is turned up at random and there may be specific bonuses or penalties on each event . The result is that everyone from the simplest -LRB- who pick their horses on the wonderful pictures -RRB- to the most sophisticated strategic player , has a chance of winning.The game teaches planning and strategy , forward thinking , patience with the other players , and the acceptance of winning and losing.I thoroughly enjoy playing this with my eight year-old daughter and her friends . Our six year-old is not a confident reader yet , and reading is required for this game so she is not into it yet .
 It 's a long hot summer in the south , and we are always looking for fun indoor activities . Card games are very popular with my two kids -LRB- ages 5 and 7 -RRB- , and after playing and loving both `` Sleeping Queens '' -LRB- which was a Christmas holiday hit -RRB- and `` Rat-a-Tat Cat '' , I picked up `` Horse Show '' for us . Simply put , we love it . The games last around 15-20 minutes so it 's perfect to play here and there without taking up the entire afternoon -LRB- although it 's so good you can play an hour or two and not even realize it -RRB- . `` Horse Show '' comes in a nice keepsake type box made of heavy , sturdy board . The instructions make the game seem more complicated than it really is however . The cards are standard size -LRB- larger ones would have been nice -RRB- and have beautiful paintings of horses on them . Each one is different and everyone has their favorites -LRB- mine is `` Miller '' because he is always left out it seems , but `` Grace '' and `` Lightning '' are the kids favorites -RRB- . The game seems complex at first , but in reality is fairly simple once you get the mechanics down . There 's three categories of cards , horses and assist cards , which are dealt out to the players as `` action '' type cards , and then `` Event '' cards . The events are from four categories that make up your `` Horse Show '' such as Jumping and Dressage . The horse cards have their own stats . Some horses excel at jumping , and others at Dressage , and are given point values for the four categories . The strategy comes in when you try to guess what events are coming up and compile your hand of five cards from your personal `` stable '' . An event card is drawn and the competition is on ! You pit your best matched horse card against your opponents and hope that maybe the event will give you a few points in your favor -LRB- some events favor some horses over others and give them stat boosts -RRB- . Win an event and you get to keep the blue ribbon event card ... you play four horse shows , each with three events , and the person with the most blue ribbons , wins.That 's pretty much it in a nutshell . You can mix in an assist card which will add points to one of your four skills . Everything is color coded as well , so even kids that ca n't read , if they can recognize colors and numbers are able to play.My five year old has very basic reading skills while my seven year old is very advanced at reading . They are both able to play the game with me as equals , because of the color coding . The five year old ca n't read `` Dressage '' but she sure can tell that it 's a red card , that D stands for `` Dressage '' and that a 5 is a higher number than a 3 . That 's really all that 's needed as long as there 's someone there that can moderate the rest of the game -LRB- calling out which horses have advantage or handicap in that particular event -RRB- . So I would rate this as 5 and up ... maybe even slightly younger if they have some help , and the game is fun enough that adults enjoy it as well . `` Horse Show '' is a blue ribbon winner in our book ! We LOVED and have played `` Sleeping Queens '' to the point some of the cards look dog eared but this has been declared the new favorite around here . If you are looking for a fun , quick card game , look no further ... this is it !
 This is a nice card game for girls 7 and up . It features 4 equestrian themed ` events ' -LRB- Jumper , Hunter , Equitation , Dressage -RRB- - and the object is to collect blue ribbons . Players take turn alternating who hosts a show - and depending on the number of players , there will be 3-4 events per show . Certain horses in your hand will have a better chance than others in certain shows - and some horses have penalties for a particular ribbon . There is a bit of strategy - but not so much that younger children are at a disadvantage against older kids or their parents.My daughter really likes the horse theme and the cards have lovely images on them . In all , we greatly enjoyed this game !
 I have three daughters who show horses , ages 8-14 . This game has been so much fun for the entire family to play together - its simple enough that everyone can quickly understand the rules , but also uses strategy , so there is some higher thinking that can happen while playing as well . I definitely recommend for horse enthusiasts !
 I did n't know what to expect when I ordered this game . My youngest is a horse lover and I wanted to surprise her with something different . Our family spends hours playing this easy to learn , competitive , fun game!We are exploring other games invented by this creative woman .
 My 8-year-old daughter got this for Christmas and she loves it . She 's very much into horses at this age , and the game is just challenging enough to hold her interest for a long time .
 The reviews were spot on . Not only do you get a little idea what horse shows are like there is a great deal of strategy in choosing you team for each show . I can tell because my 9 year old kicks my heiney most of the time and I dont know how.It is a little difficult only at first but once you get in the groove of being the dealer that show , choosing your five cards and putting down your horse for each event , your hooked.Really cool addition to my card game collection
 My daughter is completely and totally in love with horses ... everything she does seems to involve them . So when I saw this game on Amazon , I knew I had to get it . Not only does she LOVE it , but it is educational as well . Great quality and value . I definately recommend this game for any child whose life revolves around horses !!
 I bought this game years ago for my daughter . Now 12 years old , she still likes playing it . There is a little strategy , and a little luck . The cards are decent quality and colorful.It is simple enough to `` throw '' the game if your younger ones are losing and becoming a bit irritated at their bad luck.The rules are easy to understand once you get the idea of what is going on . The cards are colorful . The game can be played quickly . This is a decent game for any kid who likes horses .
 This is a very fun game . I think it is for ages 7 and up .
 This is a really fun game . It has stratagy and beautiful horse pictures.You 'll love it !
 I ordered this toy , it shipped out on the 27th , and I received it on the 29th . I am very happy with it . I bought it for my youngest daughter because my oldest already had one . She was very excited to find it in the mailbox ! We were going to Vegas the same day it arrived , so she played it throughout the whole trip ! I was so happy that she had something to do ! This is a very age appropriate toy and it is very fun .
 This digital pet was bought for my daughter and also bought one for my nephew . These were stocking stuffers that would be from the kids Granny . They both have another pet from last Christmas and they were so exited to be able to put them together and watch them dance . Seems to be a really fun toy and it is age appropriate .
 I have a scope like this and is great , objects are easy to find with the computer and the optics are very good .
 Frog Juice is GREAT ! It 's fun to play and great if you 're working on addition . If your worrying that it will be to `` Little kiddies '' it wo n't be . My sister -LRB- 15 -RRB- and her friends love this game . It 's slightly hard to understand the first time that you play and catching on is not too hard . One of my favorite aspects of the game is the illustrations on the playing cards they 're great . The imaginative illustrations are absolutely fantastic . Overall I would highly recommend this game !
 We enjoy playing with just two or with our whole family . It 's tough to get the shuffle `` right '' though ... Sometimes , one person is able to get the majority of power cards so early in the game that it 's really pointless to continue when there 's no way for the other person to gain the lead . Still , we 've had some very fun and interesting games and are learning new strategies for increasing the fun .
 I liked the game very much . Even though I 'm just seven years old I enjoy the game . I like the part when you do n't know who has Witch Wash until someone says Witch and someone else says Witch Wash. . I also like the part when you do spells and the Black cat .
 My freinds and I all love to play Frog Juice . You can play it again and again and never get bored . I have 3 Gamewright card games , and this one is the best . It is beter to have at least three people . Whenever we play we always try to guess who will win .
 I have been playing this game since 1997 when a friend in high school discovered it ... back then it was great as a drinking game ! Now I am a mom in my 30 's , and I enjoy playing it with my son to help him with counting , strategy , and memory . My best friend used this game recently to help her 65 year-old mother recover from a stroke that wiped out her ability to do simple math ... thanks to Frog Juice she has re-developed counting , addition , simple multiplication , and image recognition . Best . Game . Ever .
 I agree with all the reviewers above . My 6 and 1/2-year-old 1st grade son adores this game . He needs to use addition to 12 and has developed planning skills . He picked up the rules as or more quickly than I did . He now thinks about his discards and is thinking strategically . The game is a fun combination of luck and skill , and a great starting point for young game fans . As long as your child can do basic addition , s/he should be fine . Importantly , it 's a game parents enjoy playing too !
 I have three kids -LRB- 15 , 8 , and 7 -RRB- , so I am frequently asked to play games . My favorite games to play are the Gamewright games . My favorite Gamewright game is Frog Juice . It appeals to my appreciation of the magical side of life , and I enjoy watching my kids get very excited about casting spells . The game is structured so that young people can beat older people ; I 'm not constantly trying to lose so that my kids do n't get discouraged by constantly being beaten . The first time we looked at the instructions , we all laughed and said , `` This is way too complicated ! '' The instructions are very poorly written . However , after playing the game a few times with the instructions right beside us , we go the hang of it . It 's actually a simple concept executed in an entertaining way . Although this game is marketed as being for those 8 and up , a five or six year old could learn to play it . Highly recommended !
 Is your child ready for learning simple addition ? Then your family will LOVE this game . My bright 5 year old daughter ca n't wait for our daily `` date '' when I get home from work and we 'll play Frog Juice . We have played this game virtually every day for nearly two months , and I still LIKE the game ! It is simple , with enough variety of game states and unpredictability -LRB- odds analysis -RRB- to keep the grown ups entertained . The best part is watching your kids actively LOVE math . This game is a MUST for parents with a young child with a voracious intellect . You 've never spent such a fun time learning with your kindergartner.PS Our favorite thing to do is shout `` NOT SO FAST ! '' when you play `` Witch Wash '' to catch someone `` Sweeping . ''
 Everyone will love this ` juicy ' game of witches and spells.This is never-ending fun for the whole family .
 This is a great game - fun for kids and adults . It encourages strategic -LRB- and somewhat complex -RRB- thinking as well as reading and addition skills , but it also has enough element of luck to keep kids and adults on a fairly even playing field . Plus , the cards look really cool . This is one of the few games I 'm happy for my son to ask me to play .
 This is my favorite of all the games we own -LRB- and we own plenty -RRB- . I have 7 children ages 4-21 , and everyone plays . So including me , that means 8 players at one time . We have two decks , and I just purchased a third . Have n't played with three yet , but am looking forward to it :-RRB- When using two or more decks , the rules have to be modified a bit , but once you 're accustomed to playing with one deck , it 's easy to decided how you want to work it out . We just state the modified rules at the beginning of the game so there are no surprises -LRB- ex . . a witch wash can `` take '' a witch wash -RRB- If you 've never played , I 'm probably confusing the heck out of you lol . To put it plainly , you should get this game !!! If you 're playing with 4 or less people , then one deck should be fine . If playing with more than 4 people , you may want to consider two decks.I took off two stars for durability since the Gamewright cards do tend to wear out pretty quickly . I bought clear card protectors which seems to solve this problem .
 This game is so much fun . I originally bought it as a Christmas present for my children , but brought it out early . My son is 6yrs old , so he needs a little help with the math portion , but overall he can handle the game on his own . He and his sister -LRB- 8yrs old -RRB- beg for us to play this every night . I have as much fun playing it as them , and I think you would too ! The directions seemed confusing at first , as there are several different actions you can take at once during your hand , but once we started to play and referenced them as we went along , it was easy to figure out . Great fun !
 with our busy lifestyles , I guess we prefer the simple basic card games with minimal directions that are easy to figure out right way so we can get right to playing -LRB- such as Uno , Quiddler , Set , etc -RRB- . Once you get the hang of this one , it 's lots of fun and different though .
 I would n't have believed it until I actually played it but even adults can be out-strategized by young kids -LRB- as young as 4 years old - and I 'm still playing with my 8-year-old -RRB- . The game is designed so that kids can legitimately win the game and outdo you . For added educational value , we let our son do any type of mathematical combination -LRB- even involving more than 2 cards -RRB- in order to `` capture '' cards from the middle . I think this is one of the best games out there for kids ages 4 to ? .
 This is a little complicated at first , but lots of fun when you have the rules down pat .
 What a pleasant surprise ! We received this game as an unexpected present , and we love it ! Great game to play with my 10 year old son . It 's a simple card game with a wizard / witch theme . Creative , the game has enough interesting rules to make for a lot of fun . I recommend it !
 Gamewright has done it again . Everything they make is golden . Another great game that is fun for the whole family . My husband and I play this with our daughter at least once a week . Takes a little bit to learn but it is one of those learn as you play games . Teaches math without the kids knowing it.Definately use two decks to keep the game going longer .
 this is a great game to play at any event I first learned it at my softball summer camp . We played every night it was very very fun . its easy to play and u can play for hours
 I 've played this game as an adult , and with groups of fourth and fifth graders . Like most Gamewright games , it 's tricky to get the hang of the directions . There are a few different steps , and various cards that mean different things , but once you 've figured out what to do , the game is a breeze , and the kids loved it . It 's great for reviewing math facts , too .
 The game takes several readings of the instructions and trial runs to figure out how to play , but once you get it , the game is quite fun and educational .
 Frog Juice is a magically terrific game ! It reminds me of Halloween sometimes . There also are funny spells like the uglyfying spell . When Gamewright named the game Frog Juice they named it well because the frog juice cards are very special . I LOVE Gamewright games and I have LOTS of them
 Gamewright makes excellent games for children and this one is no exception.Players collect ingredients such as frog juice and salamanders to complete spells and earn points . This fun game requires fundamental use of strategy and some simple math , thus hiding some eduction in the guise of fun.As a parent of two children , I have played plenty of simple-notioned games that bored me to tears , but this is a game that adults can enjoy along with their children .
 This is a great game for kids & adults alike . Multi levels of playing available , great maths functions , interesting theme & card graphics . Our set has n't worn well as we play it so much .
 Frog Juice is a great game of spells and competition . It is exciting and contains enough strategy for the ` big ' kids . The strategy has 2 different parts . To collect cards -LRB- and win -RRB- you add cards together and you also collect objects for spells . It is a great game to help kids learn adding . But it is also fun for all ages ! It is great to have a game that teaches kids and is also fun for everyone !
 We got this for our 7 and 8 year old boys for Christmas , and it 's a great game ! They had a lot of fun playing it , and it 's a neat little concept . As an adult I would prefer a little more to it , but for children it 's just right . I 'd also prefer more cards so the game lasts a little longer . We played a full game in about 15 minutes , which is fine , but a longer game would have been better .
 This is a great game that is good for all ages . Really easy to learn and lots of fun . Buying it again since the dog chewed up some of the cards .
 I bought this for my son 's 9th birthday . The rules , at first , seemed confusing but as we played they became more clear . Before we knew it we were Frogjuice addicts . The game takes 15-20 minutes max with three people . We found we kept playing it over and over again and one day played 3 hours straight with our son . He could n't be happier becasue we are playing together , and we could n't be happier because the game is fun and is an excellent mix of luck and strategy . It also takes some basic math skills , which is a bonus . I highly recommend this game .
 I bought this game for my 7 year old grandaughter for Christmas . We sat down to teach her and ended up having as much fun as she did . It is a great family game . Too bad only 4 can play . We are getting another game and will try to do a double deck so more can play . Have also bought the Sleeping Queens game and that is another great game for the faily .
 This beautifully illustrated card game quickly became an all time favorite with the kids I nannied for 10 years ago . Now that I have two boys old enough to play it 's once again become a favorite . The kids love the whole idea of collecting classic magical ingredients to create spells . Bonus
 I have boys age 7 and 11 and both love this game . It 's a great family game for all ages . I can play with the kids and they have as much of a chance of winning as I do . Our 7 year old often wins and we do n't have to go easy on him .
 Collect ingredients like frog juice & monkey powder to complete spells . Use witch cards to `` sweep '' the discard pile unless someone else has the `` witch wash '' card . There are quite a few rules , but once we got the hang of it we played again & again . Game dynamics change dramatically when there are 3 or more players . Perfect for that before-bedtime window . I 'm buying 6 sets for 1st grade birthday gifts .
 My sister and I -LRB- both adults -RRB- buy interesting card games to play on the road or at home when we want to do something , but just do n't want to spend hours playing other games . Frog Juice was surprisingly fun . It 's a little bit like rummy . It takes about 20 minutes . For older players I reccomend combining 2 decks to keep things more interesting . Otherwise the spell ingredients get used up too quickly .
 My family delights in a Frog Juice competition . We have found that this game can be played repeatedly , with strategy changing if you are playing with 2 or 3 players . You must determine when to play your spells , when to WITCH all the cards , and how to prevent your opponents from completing a spell . My youngest started playing at 5 but the older the better . My 11 year old and I have some tough games . Enjoy .
 First of all , I love Gamewright games , maybe not all of them , but the majority . I own several different ones and this is among my favorites.I originally bought this to play with my nephew -LRB- age 9 when I purchased it -RRB- on rainy days . However , I think I as an adult enjoyed it more than he did ! I chalk this up to the fact that I had to help him throughout the game -LRB- and this kid is very smart -RRB- because of all the varied rules.Which brings me to my only complaint , it 's almost like they have packed way too much into one card game . There are 3 ways to build one pile , only 1 way to build the other pile , you can play different cards to have different effects , and you have to collect the right cards to make your potion , etc. . The game could have been just as much fun with a few less things and in a few places the rules a bit more detailed.I recommend the game for kids 10 + not the 8 + as stated on the box .
 This is a great family game . We bought a used one at a thrift store , and it turned into my families favorite ... we have 4 boys , 14,12,6,4 , and all of us can play at once , and even the youngest can win !! It is fast paced , and challenging with just enough magic!Sadly , I left the game at a friends house , and she wont give it back , as her family now insists it is thier favorite ... so I must replace it to keep peace in my family!Who would have guessed that an accidental find would turn out to be such a big hit !!!! This is a must for Halloween fun !
 I stumbled upon this game years ago , and my family has enjoyed it -- even my adult friends , who seemed to balk at first at playing a kids ' game . This past year , I decided to purchase it for my sixth grade classroom . I must say ... WOW . I allowed the kids to play it for a while during homeroom , and kids would be waiting early outside the room to get in and snag the Frog Juice . They would even play it over other outdoor games at recess . Anytime you heard a `` NOOOO ! '' in the room , you knew someone had pulled out the Witch Wash. . The kids LOVED it.So , I have come back to purchase a new deck for this upcoming year . To any educators who might be reading this , it makes a great addition to the intermediate classroom for those few minutes of downtime , and because of the math and bit of strategy involved , you do n't feel guilty about it at all . Plus , it is something different and for the teacher , inexpensive as far as games go .
 It 's just as suited for adults as kids , and a perfect Halloween gift for that spooky someone . If you dug watching The Nightmare Before Christmas , this game is for you.Basic play
 I 've been playing this game a good ten years and I still love it -LRB- I 'm 19 - I just do n't have an Amazon account , hence the Kids ' form . -RRB- I do n't like the new version quite as much - though it probably lowers the age of accessability somewhat , making it appropriate for first graders provided they have reasonably strong addition skills -LRB- if they can add numbers up to a sum of twelve , they 'll be fine . -RRB- The art is lovely , charming - silly enough to entertain a child without alienating adults . Gameplay is three-quarters luck , one-quarter strategy - a child could beat an adult , but players will find they have enough control over gameplay to want to return to the game if they lost the last round . Games are short - about 20 minutes - and you 'll likely want to play several rounds before you 're done . I 've heard recommendations for older players to combine multiple decks for longer , and somewhat more strategic , gameplay . Same might go for games involving more than two players . One can almost play it solitaire , but that 's hardly as much fun.A wonderful game for any age .
 We have been playing Frog Juice since 1995 . I have introduced the game to my nieces , nephews and godchildren . I purchased additional games and found that the game had been changed . The cards are different and the children tell me that it is n't as much fun as the original 1994 version . I have been searching for original copies . If anyone has one we would love to have it . I always look in stores to see if by chance one is there.We have had so many hours of fun with this game . Now thekids are older and are going off to school and would love to take the game along.Bring back the original version .
 I think Frog Juice is oh so fun and it has a lot of potential . It will hgelp kids think logically andf learn how to solve problems in logic and repeat steps. , It also promotes teaching . It is so good that the kids and adults even TEACH people ! That gives them practivce in explaining things !
 Though it is complicated game to learn it is tons of fun . The only downside is there are tons of rules to remember . But after you 've played it enough you kind of master the game and you learn strategies that can help you win . It is great fun .
 This game is great ! I never got tired of playing it with my friends over the summer . It does n't take long to understand how to play and is not that difficult once you learn . I like it when you get to sweep the layed out cards with a which , and `` making '' more power cards . Every one I know who has played it loves it . If you have other games by Gamewrite that you like then you will love this game . But even if you do n't own a game by Gamewrite you will still love it .
 I got this for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas . The instructions are really confusing but once you play a few rounds , you get the hang of it . Even my 5 year old son loves to play this game . It is definitely different and not like other card games . Fun for all though .
 i got a few games for a friends kids 4 xmas , this was another that was a lot of fun . pretty easy , just get it .
 This is a fun game but has a lot of complicated instructions . Even with 3 adults it was hard for us to figure it out . We still have n't got it all the way . We also are disappointed that we ca n't make potions .
 just thrilled with this game . They like playing princess and what better way than a game which involves all the fairytale elements in it ? It involves a bit of thinking too .
 When we bought this game , we thought it would be a silly one for kids . Move over , kids - we love this game ! It 's pretty easy to learn , quick to play and great fun !
 This is a very fun game , although a little complicated to understand at first . Which makes it even more fun to play once you understand it . Really really nice game .
 My wife ,10 year old daughter , and I love this game ! It utilizes a lot of strategy.It is fun for adults and children .
 Have played dozens of times with my 4 year and 7 year old daughters and wife . It has become our `` go to '' game on most game nights . The girls really enjoy the game . There is some strategy but it is mostly luck driven on who wins - which helps keep the games close , fair and competitive . Love Gamewright games and this is one of the best .
 The babysitter brought this game over to our house and my 9 and 11 year olds could n't play it enough . Six months later they were still remembering it and asked for it for Christmas . Amazon was the only place I could find it .
 This is a quick easy game that anyone who can do simple addition can play . Though simple , it is also fun . We have played it with people ranging in age from 10 to 60 . Lots of laughs . Can be played in 10 minutes or so .
 I got this for my 7 year old son and I play it with him and my 4 year old daughter practically every night . She needs a little help on some of her turns but she has learned to handle the power cards by herself and she can do direct matches with ingredient cards too . We have added a fun rule to the game . If the Frog Juice card is in the center by the start of the game or by someone discarding , who ever sees it first yells , `` Frog Juice '' and slaps the card and get to add the card to their power card pile . Since it is a simple card game , we take it with us every where and play it when ever we have down time . My son loved it so much ; we got it for his best friend for his Birthday .
 My 11 year old received this game in her stocking . She had been asking for it for awhile , but it was difficult to find in stores . We had so much fun playing this game . I found it to be engaging , educational , and strategic with a little luck involved . Since it is a card game , it is easy to take with you . Great game !
 I rank Frog Juice among my favorite games ever . It has so much variety built in , and plenty of different options that keep the game interesting . I never get tired of playing it . The rules are not hard to learn , and the game is fun for all ages . Definitely worth buying .
 Frog Juice is a really fun game for the whole family . There are witches , witch wash , and spells . My family could play it all day . It is very fun . That 's it .
 This is a really fun game -LRB- even for adults -RRB- . It is a great gift for a Harry Potter fan because you get to complete spells , make potions and use witch cards to sweep up points . It can be educational because you have to be able to do addition to earn points .
 Frog Juice is one of the funnest card games ive ever played . Game wright definately knows how to make good games . Every time i play it i keep wanting to go on and play again . The only bad thing about the game is that the cards are bent very easily
 I 'm not sure if they have fixed the latch on this or not but it works great for my 3 year old son . He loads it to the max with his cars and pulls it around everywhere . We have never had any trouble with it coming open and he is able to load the cars and close it all by himself .
 My 3-year old son loves it . But he ca n't finish the puzzle without my help . The size of the puzzle is smaller than I thought . My son can finish floor puzzle but not this one , because the puzzle comes with small pieces . But he still enjoys it .
 My 3 year old grandson is really into tractors . He loves to watch me mow with my John Deere tractor which is just like this one . This product is very well made and the attachments are easy for little fingers to change .
 She got it as a 1st birthday gift from her grandparents . I was to sure about it a frist . Its hard to get her out of it . Its where she goes for her own time . Its big enough so I can also join her in there to play with her which she thinks is the greatest when I stick my head in . It was easy to put together . It also folds up pretty small so you can hide it when people come over . A great buy !! They get their own alone time which lets us Stay at home mom get some too .
 This is a great walker for infants , especially for outdoor playing . It has no turning radius but its great for straight long walks ! My daughter also has a good time putting things in and taking things out of the basket .
 I purchased this for my daughter 's first birthday . She loved it right out of the box and has enjoyed all of the freedom of walking on her own ! Her older sisters also love playing with her and the wagon . They push her around in the wagon which provides more entertainment . It 's a great investment for any one year old !
 This was given as a gift for my grandson 's first birthday . The reports from his parents is that he just loves it . It has met their expectations by far .
 Within minutes of assembly our little guy was stumbling along behind the wagon , bonking it against the furniture -LRB- not a problem bonking into furniture due to the plastic bumper on the front . It causes no harm . -RRB- Be sure to tighten all the bolts fairly tight ... my husband did n't and a bolt fell off , but that 's not a problem with the product , just his assembly technique . Before this wagon , our son would only cruise sideways , and would n't ever go forward . Now , he trots along and has already figured out how to reverse and semi-steer it around obstacles . He loves to put toys into it , wheel them around for a ride around the living room , and then take them out again . It goes a bit slower on carpet than it does on our wood floor , so until he can learn some speed control , we are keeping him on the carpet with it so it does n't fly out ahead of him and leave him without support . It is definitely worth the higher price than a cheap plastic version , and we would buy it again in a heartbeat . Those plastic ones tip too easily and do n't offer any stability or support for little pre-walkers . Do n't wait until your kid can already walk before you buy it ! Very sturdy , cute , and multi-purpose . We expect he will be playing with this for many years .
 My daughter was walking with this wagon at 9 months and still enjoys it at 15 months . We taught her to push it down the hall and pick-up balls we throw and place them in the wagon . She also enjoys pushing other children in the wagon . Plus it 's a SAFE wooden toy .
 We bought this wagon for our 8 month old daughter who was just showing interest in pulling her self up and walking with assistance . She loves racing across the living room with the wagon . Now at 10 months , she is enjoying putting things in the wagon and taking them out . Her 12 month old cousin was visiting and she spent most of her time stepping in and out of the wagon -LRB- with the sides removed it creates a platform -RRB- and standing inside . There are so many ways to play with this wagon that children can discover as they grow . I can imagine her pushing her dolls or other toys around in it when she is a toddler or preschool aged . She also enjoys wagon rides from an adult . This wagon will far outlast any plastic walker/push toy that your child will outgrow once they are a sturdy walker . It is made of high quality materials and is very sturdy and does not tip over .
 My 11-month old son absolutely loves this walker . He 's not quite walking by himself yet , but he can cruise around very well with this . Ca n't quite figure out how to turn it yet ; it 's a little difficult for a little one to turn it , especially on carpet . It moves a little too fast for my liking on hardwood floors , but he seems to manage OK . The pins that slow down the rear wheels do n't seem to slow them down much , and the wheels are a little wobbly . I 'm not sure how well the rear wheels will hold up , but the rest of it seems quite sturdy.I put it together myself in less than a half-hour . The directions are pretty straightforward and it 's easy to assemble . I do wish the rear axle went all the way through to tie the wheels together , as in the front axle , rather than individual wheels that spin independently.But all in all , it 's a lot of fun , a good size for a 1-2 year-old , and nice solid wood construction . Unless the wheels break off , it 's a good addition to our toy collection !
 Pros
 This is one of Sadie 's favorite toys . She is content to push it through the house and bang into walls and furniture all afternoon long . She also likes to put toys , stuffed animals , and other random things from around the house in the wagon and push them all over the house . Occaisionally a cat gets run over , but otherwise its pretty safe . The only problem is that usually after she has been playing for awhile , one of the back wheels keeps falling off . Its easily put back on , but it is annoying since she is still tries to push it during the repair .
 To begin , you need a full tool set for this one , including two wrenches , something I need to invest in having two young children wanting new assembly required toys . That aside , assembly was easy and the cart is so adorable . The `` fence '' parts around it are able to come out which my daughter loves to do so she can sit in the wagon . The only problem is that it is a little difficult to turn and steer for a new walker so she ends up just slamming it into the wall over and over until I help her turn the thing . I see why it has a bumper guard now ! Great toy though and doubles as a temporary storage for toy cleanup that the kids do n't mind helping to fill !
 We were searching for a walk-behind walker that my daughter could use . Some of the walkers on the market were dual purpose . You could could use these walkers and then convert to a riding toy . But these toys were made out of plastic and seemed cheaply constructed . And they seemed expensive for what you got.We are trying to minimize the number of toys that we purchase for our daughter . Which is n't easy :-RRB- So we wanted a walker that would convert to something else . This wagon is great . My daughter can walk behing it and it has a mechanism so the wagon does n't move too quickly . As a bonus , we use the wagon to store her toys . This wagon is well-constructed . The handle is strudy and so is the body of the wagon . I think the wheels are a little cheaply made but they are acutal rubber and not plastic.I think my daughter will use this product for a few years , but you never know !!!
 The wagon is very cute -LRB- small -RRB- and is good for putting toys in and letting our baby try and push it . It 's exactly what I thought it would be . Exactly how Amazon describes it . Even though it 's small we can still put our one year old in it for a ride , but we bought it for learning to walk . Do n't buy it as a pull wagon because it 's not for that -LRB- too small -RRB- . We are very happy with it .
 i think this is a great toy but the problem is that its so small that it will only be useful and fun to play with for a very short while.while it is constructed to be durable , its dimensions make it comfortable for pushing only for a few months tops before the kid outgrows it.also you ca n't put much in itfinally it does n't do turning well
 We bought this for our son 's first birthday present . It is great -- very easy to assemble -LRB- I did it on my own in less than 30 minutes -RRB- . My son loves taking his blocks in and out of the wagon and loves pushing it along as he crawls . He is not yet walking , but if I stand him up , he can walk behind it and push it as he goes . The front has a bumper to prevent scraps on our furniture . Plus , as with all radio flyer products , it has great retro style !
 I bought this wagon-walker after assessing the plastic walker we were given was more of a hazard than a help . Our daughter kept tipping the plastic walker over and although it is much easier for her to navigate , the Radio Flyer Wagon/Walker is by far the superior product . Our daughter loves to push it around as well as go for rides in it too . At 14 months she is having a little trouble steering it but because it is such a durable and multi-use product , it will be around long after she masters it 's steering . A little pricey but as I mentioned , it will be around for along time , much , much longer than the original plastic one we were given .
 This is helping my 11-month daughter with her walking . It 's not too fast for her b/c the clickers help slow it down . She 's used it on hw floors and carpet . For now , carpet is better until she gets better herself . But it 's been great.I love -LRB- and she loves -RRB- putting her toys and `` goodies '' in the wagon part . I would recommend it .
 I bought this wagon/walker for my 1yr old grandson 's birthday , he received 2 other walkers for his b ` day . The Radio Flyer wagon was definitely the most superior of the 3 walkers . It is a controlled and `` easy does it '' tool that helps him walk without fear . The other walkers he received scare him because they are too light-weight and the slightest push causes them to race ahead leaving him behind on the ground .
 Wheel tension lets a young walker push the wagon instead of falling while trying to keep up with it . Fantastic feature ! She had problems keeping up with other walker toys . I got it for my niece and it was an instant hit with her as well as her parents !
 I bought this toy when my son was 9 months old , and from the moment he saw the wagon , he was drawn towards it!Since than , he played with it everyday!He loves it ! The wagon is solid , well built , has a nice wide base , so it helps the beginner walker to stand and take first steps ! All in all a great toy !!!!
 Everything arrived nicely packaged and was easy to assemble - and sturdy after being put together . Our son is 10 months and not crawling quite yet , but will be very soon as well as walking with his strong little legs . He 's a big healthy boy - about the size of an 18 month old and really likes holding on to this walker as well as riding in it - fits in it just right . We mix it up a bit as he is learning to walk . We want to make it fun and he really likes this toy . Also , it does n't tip over - YAY !!! We definitely did n't want a walker that would tip over . We are pleased with our purchase , glad we spent a little more to get the right walker/toy for our lil ' buddy . He will use this for a long time and once he 's walking around , he 'll most likely travel around our home with his toys and out to the garden with little plants and gardening tools . THANKS SO MUCH !!! SHALOM < 3
 It 's brand new , the quality seems to be excellent . It looks great and our 1-year old granson LOVED it immediately . His 4 year old brother , has played with it as well . Both have had rides in it . The 1 year old ca n't steer it , because the wheels do n't turn , you have to muscle it and he does n't get it yet . All in all still very pleased . The parents were n't thrilled with the wheel clickers , but the boys like them . I would buy it again . We ordered this from Amazon and it shipped and arrived quite quickly . Good experience .
 We loved this walker ! My ten month old is loving his learning to walk time ! I am so satisfied with the quality of this item . Plus , it is so cute ! I would recommend to purchase .
 This is what I got for his first birthday and he loves it
 My 16 month old daughter has some physical delays and still is n't walking on her own and has an extreme fear of gravity so all walker toys are very scary to her and she just refuses to walk with . This one has done the trick ! She does n't feel like she 's falling forward because of the retension wheels and it makes her feel more stable . Very well made toy that will stay in the family for many years to come !
 My little cruiser LOVES the Radio Flyer Classic Walker Wagon . I set it up for him so that he would discover it immediately after waking up from a nap . He gravitated to it and knew exactly what to do -LRB- although he first pushed it while walking around the house on his knees ! -RRB- . In the beginning , we had to place some weights inside to slow it down , but once he got the hang of it , he was easily able to push it around empty.I believe this is a MUST-HAVE for all babies . Yes , it is pricey , but do n't waste your money on cheap plasticy push walkers that produce obnoxious noises and promise to teach your baby their colors , numbers , Chinese , etc. . Those are JUNK , and many can be dangerous . The Radio Flyer Classic Walker Wagon is sturdy , safe , and fun !
 Radio Flyer is of course a great brand . I bought this in 2008 for my first baby . She loved it and continues to play with it as a wagon now - she 's just turned five . My one year old son is now starting to play with it and he seems equally enthralled.It 's very well constructed -LRB- so rare ! -RRB- and just heavy enough that a baby can lean on it to start it moving but not have it shoot out from under them . We love it . It will survive being handed down through several other kids in the family I 'm sure .
 I got this for my daughter for her first birthday . With so many glowing reviews , I do n't have much new to add . This is an excellent , well-made product that entertains my daughter to no end . She loves to push one of our pugs around in it , as well as ride in it . It is very sturdy and I see no safety issues with it as of yet -LRB- I have had it a few weeks -RRB- . Highly recommend it !
 We bought this for my son for his birthday . Up until now he has been lifting himself on tables and couch and sidestepping around . He really had no interest in walking with our support . After a while , we noticed he was pushing another toy while standing and decided to put the Radio Flyer together . Firstly , I am very impressed with the construction of this item , as it made of wood and actually has nuts and bolts to secure it together -LRB- wow , like when I was a kid ! -RRB- , which make it very durable . Also , because of the materials , it is heavier than other walkers we have seen , which makes it easier for him to pull up and lean on without tipping over . Upon introducing it to him , he was a little tentative , take a few steps and then sitting down , but shortly he got used to it . The built in resistance is great , but since he is so strong , he was pushing hard and still trying to keep up with it even on a carpet . Easy solution , we put a bag of his wooden blocks in the wagon and this was perfect . Now he loves pushing it back and forth through the living room and is extremely proud of himself . He easily puts one foot in front of another and seems to be moving his legs naturally , all in about 90 minutes total of play so far . We have to help turn it around , as there is no steering , but that 's not a big deal , since we are always supervising his play.Overall my son loves this and definitely now has an interest in walking , I am sure he will continue to have fun with this item even after he mastered walking .
 I went to a consignment store to try out all the walker toys out there and there are very few that I liked . My criteria was 1 -RRB- no batteries/no flashing lights/noise and 2 -RRB- my 10 month old son should be able to operate it mostly on his own . This wagon has excellent balance ! At first it was too light for him and he would fall trying to get on it and push it , but we added water bottles in the wagon to slow it down a bit . He LOVES it . He gets up in the morning and crawls to it so that he can push it . Although he ca n't turn it around , that 's not a big deal as he ca n't really do that right now . Best walker . Did I mention that he LOVES it ?
 I bought this for my daughter when she was learning to walk at 11 months . My daughter loved this wagon walker . Every time she saw it , she would crawl over to it , pull up , and start walking with it . The first time my daughter used this walker outdoors , she walked 3 blocks . My husband and I were very surprised because she could not walk on her own yet . She wanted to keep on walking , but we took the walker away because we did n't want her to tire herself out.The quality of this walker is excellent . It is solidly built . The walker is great for indoors or outdoors . It also has a set of clickers on the wheels to keep the walker from rolling away too quickly for babies learning to walk . The walker is very sturdy and will not tip over.My daughter is 15 months now and walking very well on her own . She still loves this wagon . She puts her stuffed animals in it and hauls them around the house and out . This walker was a very good buy .
 We bought this for our twins who are almost a year old . It is great for developing their walking skills . One sits in the cart and the other pushes , they have a blast ! The clickers that provide some restraint to the wheels are ingenious - they slow the wagon down just enough so they do n't fall on the wagon and push it away from themselves .
 This wagon is the perfect size for 1 year olds . It will help them learn to walk and to solve problems -LRB- like filling and emptying it , climbing into it , taking the sides out , pushing it forward and backward -RRB- . I gave it to my grandaughter for her first birthday and she loves it . I 'm very glad that I bought it and it 's durable enough to last many years . I had a lot of difficulty finding it and ended up paying almost $ 20 to ship it . But I would buy it again in a minute .
 My 9.5 month old baby loves this more than anything he has played with yet . He will walk with the wagon as long as I keep turning him around when he hits the walls . . When he first got up to use it he squeeled !!! This wagon is stable , has a speed retarder , and is perfect for babies who are just starting to walk !!! We love it .
 This walker wagon is excellent . It is very sturdy and stable . My 10 month old son figured out on his own how to pull himself up on this and push it to walk . The wheels have perfect resist on carpet so he does not go too fast and it has never fallen over . It is definately worth the cost .
 Got this for my 10 mos old newly walking daughter for Xmas . She loves to push it around and I love the simple design.I would recc . that parents put the slats away until baby is older . My kid tried to sit in the wagon and leaned back on the slats and ended popping out the screws that hold the brackets that the slats slip into.I hope Radio Flyer addresses this problem -- young children are really quite brutish with their toys . In the meanwhile , we are going to unscrew all the brackets and put the slats away in the box it came in.We 'll give her the slats back when she 's old enough to cope with them and understand what they are for . We will also put some epoxy on the brackets before screwing them back in for added strength.I 'm not thrilled that the brackets are INSIDE the wagon where the babies will sit . It 's inviting some scrapes and bruises with the way babies clumsily climb in and out of it . And older child would know to take care but an infant/toddler wo n't yet know to do so.This design problem is why I give it only 4 starts instead of a full 5 because this is marketed for babies/toddlers . Other than the above , we 're very happy with it and baby loves it .
 It met my expectations . It 's a great size and just what I wanted . I would recommend this wagon as a good grandparent gift .
 Bought this for a grandchild . She absolutely loves it . We push her in it , she sits in it , puts toys in it . She was afraid to push it at first because the metal handle rolls around . I guess it 's made that way . It does n't come off or come loose . Now that she is used to it she pushes it around quite a bit . It really does n't steer . I have to push it to turn it for her . I do n't like the plastic wheels because I 'm not sure how long they will last . It is a bit smaller than I would like it to be . But the grandbaby absolutely loves it and was excited with it from day one .
 We gave this to one grandson at 12 months and another at 8 months . Wonderful wagon for all ages - for taking rides , pushing , climbing in , developing walking skills , for transporting toys . Highly recommend for ages 8 months through age 2 .
 LOVED this product . It was study enough to use as a walker for my 10 month old granddaughter , and she loved giving toys rides in it . It also was perfect to sit her in and give her rides . It was easy to put together and a very high quality item . 5 STARS !
 My son got this as a gift for his 1 year birthday and we literally had to tear him away from it at the end of the day . It has been his favorite toy for months now . At first he just loved to push it everywhere . Now that he 's 16 months he can now turn it and load it with `` goods '' . Very high quality and worth every penny .
 This wagon was great for our daughter first learning to pull up and walk because it is much more sturdy than the plastic light weight walking toys and she felt much more confident and secure walking with it . It is a great quality . As other reviews have said , she enjoyed being pushed around the house in the wagon as well as putting toys in it and pushing it herself . She has progressed in her learning to walk now that she wants to make turns . The only downside with this wagon is that due to its stability , it is difficult for her to turn it . At this point , we 've switched to a lightweight plastic inexpensive walking toy because she can make turns with it very easily.To update my review - our daughter is now 14 months and is still loving this wagon . She is also getting the hang of turning it !
 Basically , this is the best little walker out there . No , it does n't have bells , whistles , lights , and music , but what it does have is everything you could want in a walker
 My almost 14-month old son loves his walker wagon ! He received it for his first birthday , but he is turning out to be a later walker and has just discovered how much fun it is to push around ! It works really well on carpet and laminate floors -LRB- does n't go too fast -RRB- . He is not able to turn corners on his own -LRB- which is OK -RRB- , but with an adult there , corners are no problem . It is also a lot of fun to put -LRB- throw -RRB- toys into , then take out , the put -LRB- throw -RRB- back in !
 My daughter got this for her first birthday as a gift and so far she loves it ! We have n't had any problems with small pieces breaking off like some of the other reviews . It moves at just the right speed for her to walk behind it and she even loves when we push her around the house in it . Its well constructed and puts together quickly and easily . Overall , a wonderful toy that will last us years I 'm sure .
 I think this is an awesome walker . My son just received it for his first birthday and it 's become his favorite toy . He will push it from one side of the room to the other . The only down point I could see is that it does n't have a lot of resistance while pushing . However , my son does just fine with it .
 I was just recommending this to a friend for her daughter 's 1st birthday and decided to leave a review . I got this wagon for my older son when he was about 10 months old ; he 's now almost 5 years old . He loved it as a baby , and used it when he was learning to walk . My twins , who are 3 now , also used it when they were learning to walk . But the beauty of this toy is that it 's incredibly sturdy -LRB- and my boys are TOUGH on everything -RRB- , and it 's not only good for babies and toddlers . My kids still use it all the time . They sit in it and push each other around -LRB- they take off the sides , and both twins can sit in it together with older brother pushing , or any other arrangement -RRB- . The twins love imaginative play and for them , it can be a pickup truck , a grocery cart , a boat , a baby carriage , etc. . So this is a little wagon that has served us incredibly well for more than 4 years . I highly recommend it to anybody with an older baby or toddler , with the knowledge that it is a gift that will last for ages .
 Bought this for my son 's first birthday . He used it as a walker , as he was still quite wobbly on his feet . He loves it ! He loves to sit in it and be pushed around , and sometimes he will walk around with it . When he gets too old for it , it will become toy storage.One thing I do n't like -- the side rails do not stay in -- my son removes them all the time , then gets very frustrated when he ca n't get them back in the slots .
 This walker is sturdy and allows my child to push it at his own pace . He bumps it into walls , and it does no damage due to the bumper on the front . Easy to assemble and repair parts -LRB- if you hammer the hubs too hard like I did when putting on the wheels -RRB- are cheap and easy to obtain from Radio Flyer .
 This wagon is a very good and sturdy walker . Not like our other walker which goes way too fast and he falls often . This wagon has given him courage and confidence to walk and stand and he enjoys putting his toys in and out of the wagon . I agree with the other reviewers that the wagon does not turn well -LRB- sacrificed due to the stable design -RRB- . I also had a screw come loose on my toy , which my son tried to put in his mouth - so please watch your kids while they are playing with this toy .
 I bought this wagon after extensive research on walkers and based on the recommendation of my close friend -LRB- whose daughter is now 2 1/2 years old still enjoys it -RRB- . The floors in our house are mostly laminate and we wanted to make sure that when our 11 month old pulled up on the wagon it would be sturdy and not tip over or slide too fast on the floor . I was surprised to see that this wagon proved to be excellent in both respects . Also it took my husband literally 10 minutes to assemble it . Our daughter loves pushing the wagon around the house , throwing her toys in and out of it and even enjoys an occasional ride inside it when I push her around . It 's durable and serves its purpose and will recommend it to anyone who is looking for such qualities in a walker wagon .
 This is a little wagon ... smaller then it looks , but just the perfect size for beginner walker and Toddler ! It really is the cutest thing ! If child is young and not used to walking good , then you will have to supervise . The metal bar adds to the nice look , but should be watched or wrapped with something for beginners as to not hit face if falls . The clickers -LRB- things that slow the wheels down -RRB- are now a rubber like peg and have screws holding them in -LRB- not going anywhere -RRB- However , they most likely do n't slow the wagon down as the past plastic ones most likely did . The sides come out super easy and this you might like or hate . If you hate them coming out then you could fasten them in some way.The bumper is hard plastic -LRB- very hard -RRB- and ca n't see this stopping damage much more then if it was wood ... but have not experienced hits yet!I can see this lasting a very long time and my grandson getting loads of fun time with it ... outside and inside!Going to post some black and white photos of him in his wagon outside .
 Being new parents , Santa almost forgot a present `` from Santa '' for the baby . Thanks to Amazon , it 's wonderful reviews , and 1 day shipping , it arrived Christmas eve . Our daughter was 5 months old at the time and LOVED to be pushed around in it . She would cry hysterically when it was time to stop . When she was 6 months old , she pulled up on the bar herself and began walking behind it . Now she is ten months old and she RUNS with it all over the yard . I would approximate that she goes at least a quarter of a mile every day with this thing . She does n't like to walk by herself yet , but with this walker she is all smiles and going as fast as those little legs will take her . She will go around picking up things , like sticks or toys , and putting them in the wagon and continue on pushing . We even put our pomeranian in there and she gives him a ride . Santa really scored some points with this one .
 We just put this together today and my 9 month old son loves it ! He has been pulling up and scaling furniture for a month now . He was able to walk with it right away with confidence . He also loves putting his toys in the wagon part and pulling them out . This product is sturdy and will not tip over on him as he pulls up on it . I also like that his has resistance to it so that it will not go too fast for him . Previously we owned a plastic playschool push and ride , it went way too fast and was not heavy enough for him to pull up on ; he was constantly falling or having it fall on him . The wagon does not have swiveling wheels to enable it to turn BUT why would you want that for a beginning walker it would make them fall ! I also like that there is not distracting toys attached to the walker , it keeps the kids focused on walking . Another benefit is that it will grow with your child , the resistance tabs can be taken out for experienced walkers and they can use it just as a wagon . My three and five year old are very interested in it and keep playing with it when our son is not ! We may be purchasing another one I think that this is the best first walker that I have seen . I purchased this item after reviewing many , and this was the only one that met our needs and standards . Some of the reviews stated that it was poor quality , from what I see it is all high quality parts and wood . I ran my hand over the wood and its very smooth with no potential threats of slivers . My husband put it together in about ten minutes , with ease . It is exactly what you would expect from the Radio Flyer brand . Overall we LOVE our Radio Flyer wagon , it is perfect for the needs of a beginning walker !
 This is the second Radio Flyer Classic Walker Wagon I have purchased for grandchildren . It is great because it is not large so can be used even in smaller spaces . It encourages leg muscle development and is a confidence builder for independent walking . I do not care for traditional walkers . They seem clumsy and not safe . Also , the parents can pull the child in the wagon and the child can fill the wagon with toys . Then the child can pull the wagon when walking is mastered . Just a wonderful toy ! Keep it for the second child .
 THIS IS A GREAT WAGON FOR WEE ONES - IT DOES N'T DUMP THEM IF THEY ARE TRYING TO STAND UP AND HOLDING ONTO IT . I ORDERED IT FOR MY GRANDSONS FIRST BIRTHDAY AND HE IS NOW THREE AND CONTINUES TO PLAY WITH IT - HE LEARNED TO WALK BY PUSHING EVERYWHERE HE WANTED TO GO - IT IS HEAVIER THAN MOST SO IT IS HARDER FOR A TODDLER TO MANUEVER AROUND CORNERS BUT OTHER THAN THAT IT IS A GREAT FIRST WAGON
 We bought this for your 9 month old who was not walking . After 1 month he walks behind this like a pro ! He spends his day trotting around the kitchen pushing it ... and most times my 2 year old is riding in it !! Very sturdy ! Well worth every penny spent !!
 We have purchased one of these wagons for the first Christmas of each of our four grandchildren . It is a classic . Easy to assemble and lasts forever . It actually has mechanism that slows the wagon down so it will not `` run away '' when the child is pushing it . I highly recommend this product . Amazon had the best price on the item by far .
 We bought this for our son who was almost walking , but still cautious . I knew it would be a matter of minutes before he took off , but lacked the confidence . Once we got this wagon , he was so happy and walking back and forth in our apartment . It was sturdy enough that it did n't just lead him , but he was able to control the speed . After a couple days , he was more confident in his legs and was off walking on his own.We bought a second wagon for his cousin who is four months younger than him .
 We bought this little wagon for our daughter as a walker . We hated the cheap Fisher Price one our son used as it was just flimsy plastic with no traction or speed control . This wagon is awesome . Ca n't say enough about it . Now that my daughter is 2 she and her brother take the side rails off and push each other around the house . When they are done , it 's a cute wagon to hold all of her dolls . She uses it as their stroller too . Worth every penny !
 We got it for my son right before he turned one . He loved it as a sturdy walker toy -LRB- much better than the plastic collapsing death-trap someone had gifted us -RRB- . His then 3-year-old sister loved to push him around in it . Since my little guy was a `` high-needs '' baby/toddler , I welcomed any chance to cook dinner without him strapped to my back in the Moby -LRB- used it until he was 18 months , yo -RRB- , in the hiking pack , or screaming in the Fisher Price Jumperoo . FYI , I totally believe in bribing a 3-year-old with candy before dinner so she 'll keep doing laps around the house with baby brother in the wagon.Fast forward to 2 years later -LRB- no more baby ... * sniff sniff * -RRB- -- it 's still in my living room , and I 'm okay with that because it does n't do damage to my eyeballs like 75 % of the other neon-colored obnoxious kid toys . Now that he 's almost 3 and she 's in kindergarten , they can take turns pushing each other . It has doubled as a doll stroller , laundry cart -LRB- chores start young around here -RRB- , grocery cart -LRB- would go awesome with the wooden kitchen -RRB- , surfboard -LRB- on carpet only ! The sides are removable , and banging the rails together is also fun for baby -RRB- , and as a `` wheelbarrow '' when they help me cut basil for dinner from the herb garden outside . I know their imaginations have turned it into so many other things , but those are just the first few I thought of.It 's kind of pricey but it 's well-made , safe , decent to look at and relatively quiet , functional , fun -LRB- wheels ! Wheels are everything -RRB- , leaves room for imagination , and it has staying power -- which is EVERYTHING with kids . You may think your house is busting with toys and baby paraphernalia now , but it only gets worse . Turn your dollars into something they 'll play with for more than five minutes !
 Fantastic Toy!Highlights : - Very stable ; my one year old can climb in and out of it , stand in it , and jump in it all without the slightest amount of tipping . -LRB- actually climbing in and out is one of her favorite things to do -RRB- - Does n't run away . The braking mechanism provides a good amount of resistance , but not so much they it ca n't be pushed . - Removable sides . need I say more - Long term toy . Older kids think it is great too as it can be a truck , a train , a shopping cart , etc - Good quality constructionNote
 I bought this for my 11 month daughter who was beginning to walk a bit . She loves to push it around the house . The model we received has the clicker problem resolved -LRB- radio flyer did a recall a couple of years ago -- this issue mentioned by a few reviewers has been resolved -RRB- . I agree with all the positives posted by people here , but I want to point out a few things - Its not easy to turn . My daughter can do it by backing up and lifting it a bit , but the plastic lightweight ones probably turn easier . This toy is best for people who have a long area for baby to push it . - Your child will climb into it . The toy is very stable and thus , its easy for your child to climb into and stand in it . I have observed her while she does this and it does not seem like a hazard because the toy will not tip . However , if your child loses balance , they might fall out . We decided that its fine if she plays with it this way , but other parents might not like that .
 My Grand-daughter loves this wagon ! -LRB- She is 12 months -RRB- Our 3 and 4 year olds love it too ! They can stack up their toys in it and push it around like a grocery cart ... also makes a nice doll carriage ! The little one likes to climb in and out of course . ADVICE FROM GRANDMA
 My 11 month old son got this walker for Christmas . He is very tall for his age , and is able to reach the rail comfortably . He likes using this walker , but it does go a little fast , even with the `` catch '' wheel mechanism , so we will keep it on the carpet until he is walking better . The wooden sides come off easily -LRB- he can pull them off -RRB- , so this is something to watch out for . Overall , we are pretty happy with it .
 We bought this walker wagon for our 9 month old granddaughter . She absolutely loves it . She is just learning to stand up alongside anything she can balance herself against . The wagon provides just enough resistance so that she can walk behind it while holding on . I believe it will help accelerate her walking process .
 Our son loves this walker ! he is 10mo and plays with it all day , he puts all his toys in it , he gets in it for a ride , he loves the sound it makes when pushing it ... We tried several other walkers at a toy store , plan toys , haba . . etc. this is the one he liked better . Great price from Amazon too , Thanks ! I extremely recomend this product .
 I bought this wagon for my nephew 's 1st birthday . He was walking cautiously , still not on his own . The minute we put this together and placed him in front of it he took hold and was off ! It was just what he needed . He pushed it all over the place and bumped into things . The wagon held up well and he was happy . It is the perfect size for him . He is now 2 years old and still uses the wagon . He puts his toys in the front and sometimes climbs in himself , but mostly he likes to push it around . It 's an attractive wagon and we have many pictures of him with it . I think this is one of his favorite toys . It is still looking like new !
 We have experienced three of these with our grandchildren , each family having one ! They are sturdy wagons that take a real beating . Start with the kids being pushed around in them , then they crawl in and out . Then they learn to stand next to it . Then the big moment , using it as a `` walker '' taking those first steps while pushing it and screaming with joy at their new-found independence . Then it gets loaded with precious possessions that must be kept at hand ! And then it becomes a doll carriage.And then a baby brother/sister comes along and they get to enjoy carting around the younger sibling and , eventually , teaching them how to use it.Whel all is finished these do n't tend to be thrown away . They are given to friends with first kids and , to our amazement , cleaned up , disassembled and carefully packed away to be saved for the next generation!Since they do not have a handle to bang around and they do not need to be steered they are perfect for in-home use.Yeah , this is a review for one just purchased from Amazon -LRB- five stars there , too ! -RRB- , but it is also a review of 10 + years experience with the wagons !
 My baby loved this toy the minute we put it together . She puts anything in it from her toys , dolls and even the dog ! She also enjoys being in it pushed around the house . The only negative thing is that she ca n't turn the wagon . She only can walk in a straight line .
 Wish I had thought of this `` wagon '' sooner , my grandaughter was up and running the next day . It is so safe and sturdy , made well as in the olden days . JBH
 I got this wagon for my 2 year old nephew 's birthday . He loved to push it , put his toys in it , and yes even ride around in it . He just loves it !
 This wagon is great . The size is perfect , it 's easy to assemble and so far has proven very durable . Good buy .
 We got this wagon for our 10 month old for Christmas and he loves it . He pushes it back and forth and sometimes we push him around in it . It is very good quality , stable and so far very durable -LRB- has hit many walls and door frames -RRB- . The only down-side is that it does n't turn but I knew that was considered a safety feature . Overall we are very happy with this toy .
 Bought this for my grandson who is learning to walk . He loves it.One of his favorite toys . Very sturdy , well made . His uncles also had funny pushing him around in it .
 I purchased this as a gift for my 10-month old daughter 's first Christmas . I noticed it as a lightning deal and could n't pass it up.My daughter loves it ! She 's not yet walking but loves to cruise , and this walker-wagon has given her a new sense of freedom . Because it 's got controlled motion , my daughter must give some force to move the wagon forward - it 's just easy enough for her to do it without the wagon flying out from under her . She 's pushing it around the house , smiling and laughing constantly.Her five year old brother has also put her inside the wagon and pushed her around , again to her delight ! And I can see in the not-too-distant future , she 'll love putting things in and taking them out of the wagon - it 's the perfect size to hold blocks , dolls , etc. . So happy with this purchase !
 My 10 month old is starting to walk and he got this wagon for Christmas . He LOVES it . It 's the perfect height and weight for him to push around . It works well on hard floors and carpeting , and he can even get it over the edge of a rug . It 's sturdy enough for my 3 year old to push him around in -LRB- supervised ! -RRB- so she loves it too . It 's not easy to turn , but I feel like it 's safer that way anyway . Highly recommended !
 It is very sturdy and my one year old and 8-month old have a ball with it . My only concern was if it was supposed to be lopsided the back is lower than the front I may have put it together wrong but I have not seen anyone else write about it being lower in the back .
 My 10 month old loves this walker ... he uses it to cruise the house all day . He puts his toys in the wagon or even climbs in himself for a ride.It 's pretty sturdy although the wood on the rails is flimsier than I anticipated for the price . We had a screw pop through on the first day of use . The wheel ` brakes ' work much better than on most of the plastic walkers I 've seen and my son 's only tipped it over once which is amazing considering how rough he plays with it.Overall a great purchase that will hopefully last through all the kids .
 I purchase this gift for friends babies turning one , its durable , when the child is first walking it helps with their balance , they love pushing their toys in it and they love being pushed in it .
 I just bought this wagon for my daughter 's first birthday . She is a very cautious little girl and I wanted to find a walker that would give her more confidence with walking . She had just taken her first steps the night before she got the wagon . As soon as she opened it she took off and has not stopped . The wagon is very well thought out . She is able to pull up on it and walk behind it without a problem . I was worried that she would not be able to keep up with it at first but she surprised all of us . The wagon is very easy to put together and very sturdy . I would highly recommend this walker . It took me a month to make my decision and I am so happy with the radio flyer walker wagon .
 I bought this for my grandson for his first birthday . He is not walking yet and thought this would be a good tool to help him take those first steps . He loves it . The only problem is that on hardwood floors it moves too fast for him to walk behind it without assistance . He loves to take the sides off and put them back on and fill it up . He also like to climb in it and be pushed around the house . Great toy .
 We bought this wagon as a Christmas gift for my 15-month old daughter . She loves it and so do all her friends when they visit ! It 's simple , sturdy , easy to put together and looks really nice too . I do n't think we 'll be selling this even when she outgrows it . This is the kind of toy that becomes a keepsake .
 This toy was a birthday present for our son when he turned 1 . This was a FANTASTIC toy for him . He was n't walking yet , but he could easily walk behind this wagon . It was n't too hard to push , but also was n't too easy to push where it would go too fast . It goes just the right speed for him and he can control how slow or fast he wants to go pretty easy . He also loves to load stuff into the wagon and push it somewhere and unload it -LRB- and then do it all over again of couse -RRB- . He also can ride in it . I also have a 9 year old son who loves to push our 1 year old in it . The side rails come out very easily -LRB- but not too easily for our little guy -RRB- so you can remove them if you want the wagon to be low enough for a smaller baby to pull up on . Our little guy is now 14 months old and he loves to climb in and out of the wagon portion with different toys and sit in it playing . It is a very versatile toy and has held up in excellent condition . I would definitely recommend this toy to any parent looking for a sturdy walker that can be used after you 're little one can walk !
 Got this for my 10 month son and it seems like a great toy that he 's going to get a lot of mileage out of . Its very sturdy and I chose it over the plastic push along/ride on items that were out there and really happy with my choice . It definitely looks built to last .
 I bought his for my grandson . It is very sturdy and will take a lot of rough handling . This winter he is playing with it inside ... puts his toys in it and rides them around . I 'm sure this summer he will have many uses for it outside
 This walker wagon was very easy to assemble . Our little boy is still too little to walk with it , but enjoys sitting in the wagon and being pushed . He enjoys the clicking sound . The clicker helps to stop the wagon from moving too fast once he does get around to pushing it himself . When we ordered this pusher we did so with Frustration Free Packaging . Not only was it cheaper , but what a joy to just open the box and get down to putting something together ! There were no extra cartons or plastic anyplace ! No twist ties or wires ! Just parts and the instructions , which were very clear . Everything came in good order . None of the pieces were damaged even though there was n't alot of extra packaging . I 'm so glad we bought this item !
 I bought this wagon for my 16 month old grandaughter for Christmas . What a hit it 's turned out to be ! She loves her wagon . She uses it for a shopping cart , toy carrier , or just to `` cruise the driveway . '' I plan on buying one for my son 's first child when that happy event comes to be .
 I got this as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter who was nine months old and ready to walk . This gave her something to hold on to as she walked . It was stable and did n't just go flying when she pushed it . Even though she is walking on her own now , she loves to push it around . We are very happy with it !
 It is very useful for my baby boy to learn walking . He likes to push it very much .
 This Walker Wagon is just as advertised . It is very sturdy . My 1 yr old grandson can push his 2 1/2 yr old brother . Mainly he has a sense of independence and it helps him keep up with his older brother . My daughter using to stablize his walking . It his a highly recommended toy for an early toddler and later as a carrier . Very pleased Grandmother too !
 This toy has been a great help for my baby who is just learning to walk . I love that the wheels do n't make noise on the hard floors , and that it does n't get away from him . My four and five year old love to push each other around in it as well . My only complaint is that it does n't turn .
 My grandson was turning one year old and he was not walking yet by himself . He pushes this toy everywhere . He has had a ball with it . He puts things in it and pushes it all over the house . Great toy !!
 This is great as a walker and does n't flip over - it does help them learn to walk . However , that being said , this wagon is n't that great after that - it only goes really one way and the wheels do n't turn so they ca n't really steer . If you 're looking for a wagon for your child that can walk - look elsewhere for one that has steering capabilities - this is NOT it.I would recommend for all children as a walker wagon only .
 Very sturdy and functional . I found it a little annoying to assemble , but I feel like it 's very solid once assembled . My son loves climbing in and over it , pushing it around , putting other toys in it and being carted around in it . It 's quickly become one of his favorite toys . He even loves just removing and replacing the sturdy side slats . The wheels offer a bit of resistance to help with learning to walk . We are very happy with this purchase .
 I never write reviews , but this was really a super duper buy . My 10 month old daughter LOVES this walker and she cant stand or walk on her own , but she can cruise all around with this thing and loves to stop to pick things up and place them in her wagon . Safe , reliable , sturdy ... a must
 My daughter loves this wagon . We bought it for our 8 month old for Christmas this year . She has been pulling herself up on everything and attempting to walk . This was the perfect gift for her . It is extremely durable and I feel better knowing that this wo n't tumble over on her when she pulls herself up . She is 9 months old now and walking on her own . She grabs this wagon all the time to push and pull her babies around the house . She still fits inside so she does get to enjoy that aspect of it as well . It is a great buy , worth the price , and something that she will enjoy for a while . I did not have any issues with the clickers falling off as some of the reviews have stated . I did some research on that and it seems that radio flyer fixed any issues with recent models . I would suggest follwing the instructions when putting the wagon togther to ensure proper set up .
 My grandson received this Radio Flyer Classic Walker Wagon when he was born . At 8 months he was so cute pushing it around ... before he was even walking ! Then he enjoyed placing his toys , etc. , in the wagon and pushing . I gave this wagon as a shower gift to my second cousin who is expecting a little boy . She was thrilled ! It 's very durable , does n't take up a lot of space , and is a great toy !
 This radio flyer walker wagon is a total hit with our 12 month old . She just loves it and I like that it has some resistance so it wo n't go flying out from under her . She is able to pull herself up to standing and walk with it all the way across the house . She likes to take things out of the wagon part and haul things around with her . We have a plastic walker/ride on toy and it pales in comparison to the radio flyer . I think this was worth every penny and would definitely buy it again . We have only had it for about a month so I ca n't speak to long-term durability but so far so good .
 We got this for our now 9 month old for Christmas and it was a great choice . He loves to be pushed around in it and is now toddling all over the house with it . It is also great for storing his blocks .
 My 9mo old girl loves it ! Works great on carpet and flooring - moves quicker in flooring so we typically keep it on carpet . Sturdy ! Easy to grab handle and climb up . Wooden railing comes out to reconfigure for toys or an older brother who wants a ride - or my daughter climbs in the her brother pushes her around . Absolutely love it - best $ 40 ever spent . Durable and something we plan on keeping forever .
 We got a great deal on this at Christmastime , just when I was looking for a push wagon for our 10-month-old . After a couple of false starts , he 's a pro at pulling himself up and pushing the toy-filled wagon across the living room , down the hall , or into the kitchen , anywhere he can move in a straight line for more than a couple of steps . It 's freaking adorable . I highly recommend it.The first attempts were nerve-wracking because even with the pegs , it moves faster than any of us were expecting , so stay close , Mom and Dad!Assembly was well-explained and diagrammed and took under an hour . Loved the old-fashioned single-color box graphics . Love that the wagon is made primarily of wood .
 We bought this for our son 's first birthday and we are very pleased . He is n't walking yet , but he can take some steps as he pushes the bar . It is very sturdy and made with high quality materials . If you are looking for a special , classic toy , this is a good choice .
 This is a really great wagon , my 10 month old is determined to walk and really enjoys pushing his wagon around , he also loves to ride in it with the sides taken off . The wagon is really well-made and sturdy and assembly was pretty easy , the front bumper is great as it protects our paintwork from my son 's enthusiastic pushing - I can see him using this for years to come .
 This really is perfect for a babe learning how to toddle . It does n't go too fast , and our little one is so delighted with it . Highly recommended .
 bought this for my grandaughter who is yr . she is n't walking yet but with this walker she is struttung around the house . she puts her dolls in and takes off.it is very durable and she loves it therefore we do too
 My 13 month old son LOVES this . This is helping him learn to walk and build strength . The removable sides are also a nice bonus . Without the wooden sides he is able to climb in and out inside the house and load it easily with toys . I would recommend this to anyone with small children .
 i bought this for my son who had just begun to take his first steps.i propped him up on this right after i assembled it and across the living room he went!too cute!i love how the wagon has a mechanism to prevent it from `` just going '' you have to push it to go it does n't just roll.great for beginning walkers.he loves to ride in it as well!couldn ' t love it more and radio flyer is a quality brand .
 We got this walking toy as a gift for my Twin 's 1st birthday and LOVE it . They can push it on carpet , wood floors , grass , and sidewalk . It is different from most other push toys because it can not get away from them ! I would highly recommend this push toy above all others . They also can both fit in the wagon -LRB- it is a tight fit -RRB- and enjoy being pushed ! Great product !
 We have a 10-month old and he had tried this wagon at a friend 's and loved pushing it around . So we immediately purchased one and he does indeed love it . It 's the perfect speed/resistance for him -LRB- we have hardwood floors so having something that moves too fast could be disastrous -RRB- . However , I 'd be remiss if I did n't mention that putting the thing together was an exercise in frustration . There were several times when I 'd come across an instruction that was needlessly difficult -LRB- full disclosure
 We purchased this after seeing it in use at my niece 's house . Our ten month old ca n't use the wagon as a walker just yet . He enjoys putting his blocks and toys in it and can walk with the wagon with guidance . He enjoys being inside the wagon and wheeled around.The wagon is nicely constructed with real wooden sides which can be taken off . It is a good buy for the price .
 After poring over the existing reviews for this product and others in the category we purchased this for my son as an alternative to all the plastic noise making walkers out there . -LRB- Happily it was on sale through Amazon at the time -RRB- . I looked at the Melissa and Doug alligator walker in a store and found it to be too flimsy and small for what we wanted . There are some other very nice wooden walkers -LRB- car style -RRB- out there -LRB- mostly European made -RRB- but most are quite pricey and this one seems to have greater potential use down the road.When we introduced our son to this walker he was about 7.5 months old , pulling himself up on everything in site , and trying to walk . He was instantly excited when he saw it.I will say that I thought the clickers -LRB- which provide the `` resistance '' mentioned on the product summary -RRB- would keep the wagon from moving forward as quickly as it can . Luckily , since it is constructed so sturdily he could pull himself up to kneel on his knees and then stand and he figured out how to keep up with the wagon and push it before it could get away from him . This did take some practice on his part and some steadying/holding of the wagon on ours . He is heavy for his age so smaller children may not have this problem but note that it can get going rather quickly as they transition from sitting to pushing it forward.One funny thing is that he likes to take the sides off and sometimes try to put them back on but pretty much the sides stay off . This may change when he gets older . Right now he likes taking the sides off and crawling in and out of the wagon as well as standing up in it to get up a bit higher.Pros
 I bought this for my one year old daughter who was not walking on her own yet . She immediately was able to push it on her own and was so proud of herself . She is now walking on her own , but still loves to play with the wagon . She enjoys pushing it , sitting in it , and putting her toys in and out of the wagon . It is very durable and seems very safe .
 I bought this for my daughter for her first birthday and she loves it ! She was close to walking but did n't quite have the confidence to try even a few steps on her own . We had an old walker to that just went too fast on our wood/tile floors for her to keep up . This walker wagon has the perfect amount of resistance in the wheels -LRB- they make a clicking sound -RRB- so that the wagon does n't move faster than baby can . There are so many pluses
 Our 10 month old just loves to fill and empty her wagon . She also enjoys pushing it as a walker . The back wheels have a plastic tab that clicks when she rolls the wagon and therefore helps to keep it slow/paced . It is terrific ! It is quite sturdy for her to pull herself up and walk independently .
 We have bought this for our two youngest grandsons for their first birthdays . It was their favorite gift . Not only can they push it themselves without it running away with them , but they can put toys in it , take it apart , put it back together and be pushed in it themselves . They love it !!
 This is absolutely the best walking toy ever made ! This is a sturdy wagon for unsteady feet . My daughter also love to ride in it . This will be a great toy for years to come ! I would strongly recommend this wagon for any parent wanting to build their child 's confidence to walk .
 This is the second wagon that I have purchased . My first grandson has been using his walker/wagon for 1 1/2 years . He learned to walk with it , used it to move his toys around , taught his friends how to give him a ride and finally learned to take turns and give them a ride . The second wagon is now for my first granddaughter . She is nine months old and is loving it .
 I love the quality of the toy . It is heavy so it does n't tip when my daughter use it . We tried the cheap plastic one and that was a waste of money . We slowly introduce it to her so she learn to love it . Kind of have to get rid of the old plastic walker experience . She does n't play with it as much as we thought because she love to walk around when we hold her hands . The wheeles do n't turn so we have to help her out of corners . That 's fine because she needs supervision anyway . Maybe when she actually can walk she will enjoy it more . I got this when it was on sale , almost half the price . That 's probably the reason why I got it too . Ca n't seem to justify spending almost $ 100 for it otherwise .
 The wagon was great for my daughter as she was learning to walk . She 's walking now but still carries her dolls in it . The bumper on the front prevents damage to walls and furniture .
 Great , simply great . When baby first started to pull up on things , and then began attempting first steps this was a great learn-to-walk tool . Once she got the hang of it , she 'd push until she bumped into something , then look for one of us to redirect her . Likes to ride in it too . I think this is a better exercise toy than the `` excer-saucers '' .
 My toddler loves his walker wagon . Of all his toys , this one gets the most use.Perhaps most impressive , is how durable it is . I 've never been disappointed in a Radio Flyer product .
 Our family loves this toy . We bought it when our son was 9 months old and expect to get use from it for at least a couple of years . He is able to control it on both hardwood and carpet . I like the design . If he happens to fall back while pushing it , the handle and wagon do not fall on him . We bought it on yoyo.com , because they were out of stock on amazon . Definitely worth the difference in price from the plastic walkers available at local stores . So glad we purchased this wagon !
 this was a wonderful present for my year-old granddaughter . she just loves it !! pushes it all over and thinks she is hot stuff . she is taking several steps on her own now .
 I bought this for my son when he was around 8 months old , he 's now 10 1/2 months old and still plays with it on a daily basis . It is by far the best push toy we own . It 's sturdy , well built and adorable ! I built it myself and it 's pretty easy . He loves pushing it around . It even makes a little click , click , click sound when it 's pushed that 's adorable ! His father also pushes him in it and he loves it ! I highly recommend to parents with cruising babies ! I can see it being used for years to come , especially for Christmas ! It somehow reminds me of Christmas ! My first Radio Flyer toy and I 'm hooked !
 I bought this wagon for my 9 month old granddaughter . My daughter commented it was very easy to put together . My granddaughter took to it right away ! It is great on hard wood floors as it has a slowing feature so it doesnt fly out from under her . She walks all over the house with it . We like that you can take the sides and back off . When we took the back off it was easy for her to climb in and out of it . And of course she loves to have her parents give her rides in it . A great toy !
 My 2 year old son walks everywhere with this . Very sturdy , bought in April and he has almost worn the tires smooth.It is also sturdy enough to give rides to his twin sister in.They have also used it sled to go down small hills.I would love to find a similiar product just slightly taller , since he has started to have to slouch to push it .
 My daughter got this wagon from her grandparents when she was only two months old . By four months she would sit in it and play . It was wonderful - like a little play yard but with enough support to help her sit up properly . For months she would very happily sit and play that way for a half hour while mommy showered and got dressed . At nine months she started using it as a walker . I could not be happier with this toy !
 I purchased this for my daughter as she learns to walk and she loves it . It makes a clicking noise as she walks which she loves and she can carry stuffed animals and other toys inside .
 This is a great walker . My son loves it . I am so glad we decided to purchase this walker as opposed to a plastic one . He also likes to get inside and go for rides , it 's cute .
 I got this for my nephew for his first birthday . It was easy to assemble and he knew what to do with it right away . Not only can he play with it by pushing things around , but he likes to climb in and be pushed around by his cousins . When he gets too big to ride in it I 'm sure he 'll use it to do yardwork with his dad or go on picnics with it since it is so durable .
 The moment after my husband put this together , after getting a replacement nut , that was missing , it was a success with our 6 month old . Our daughter uses this wagon daily and walks back and forth pushing it on carpet . It moves too quickly for her on our hardwoods or tile , so we only let her use it on carpet so it moves slowly , at her pace . This is by far one of our best purchases for our daughter to date . After she makes a few laps walking back and forth , pushing the wagon , we sit her inside the wagon and push her , which she loves . The wagon has toppled over on her a couple of times , but only if she loses her balance and hangs onto the wagon for dear life . She is quite strong . Fortunately , she did n't cry , but was just surprised . Falling on a carpeted surface helps too . There are bolts that are at the front of the base , on the side under the handlebar , that I do not like and wished they had used a plastic cover over them . I have covered them with duct tape so they do not harm my daughter . My daughter loves this , and we do too because she is building up coordination for walking and enjoys this immensely .
 My son played with this before he could walk , I 'd take the sides off and he 'd load stuff in and out , in and out.It was his favorite push toy while he was learning to walk . Lucky for us , we have a good straight-of-way , but even when he did run into things , no damage done . It 's sturdy , but also not real distructive.Now he 's up and running and he LOVES to load this wagon up and make the dining room/kitchen/living room/dining room loop . He 's figured out how to lift or slide the back wheels -LRB- intuitively -RRB- and goes around and around , full speed ahead . Sometimes he 'll climb in and read a book without any interaction from us . We also used it when we got portraits made and it was an adorable prop.The only problem we have had was that one screw came loose on one of the wooden removable rails . A little screw glue and it 's back to heavy duty toddler abuse .
 The Walker Wagon was purchased for a 13 month old boy . It has become one of his favorite toys and it is helping him stand and walk using the handle . He is not yet strong enough to change direction or reverse direction by turning around so an adult has to help .
 My 10 month old son loves to walk with this wagon . Best thing about it is , it does not tip when he pulls himself up on it no matter what side he chooses to do so on . Well crafted and an absolute HIT in my house . Well worth the money , best walker out there .
 My daughter is 14 months and not yet walking so I bought this walker in hopes to get her motivated . I am so glad I did !!! She absolutely loves it ! She puts all her stuffed animals in it and pushes it around the house . Also , we take it to the park and she walks all over the place with it and fills it up with sticks and dirt . It is great because it is perfect for both indoor and outdoor use . This walker has really gotten her on her feet!Also , it is very safe . There are clickers on the back wheels , therefore , it does n't move faster than the child can walk.We are so pleased with this walker ! It is definitely worth the $ !
 We purchased this for our grand-daughter 's first birthday . It was her favorite gift and almost 2 months later , she uses it consistently . It helped her balance and walk when she was not quite ready to walk on her own . She climbs in and over it . She puts toys in it and pushes it around . She even tried to use it to ram the baby gate!It was very easy for my husband to assemble-he says it was one of the better ones , no parts to `` fight with '' and no parts were missing . The front has a rubber covering to minimize any damage to furniture . It is well constructed and should last a long time . I highly recommend this product to keep busy toddlers entertained and to use their imagination for play .
 Sigh , my son is definitely a late walker . We bought this and our son used his knees to crawl and push with it . Because of that , we stopped letting him play encouraged with it . We encouraged more walking through the week with the help of our family guiding him with both arms , and we gave the wagon a try again . He started walking with it!It 's been another week . We 've been taking him outside to the sidewalk and he 's pushed it to the from one end of the block and back . He wails when we take him back inside because he wants to play some more.We were skeptical about this at first , but not anymore . Just takes some time for the baby to learn.Cons
 Grandson got flyer 1 month after started walking . He has only spent one day with it so far , but seems to like it , especially sitting in it and getting pushed across laminate floor It is smaller than I realized it would be and he fits well in there now -LRB- 1 yr , about 26 lbs -RRB- but I 'm not sure how much longer.Hopefully he will pick up toys with it . It seems well made .
 I was hesitant as this classic walker is n't cheap ... but it 's 100 % worth it 's money.It not only looks great . . but it 's sturdy and stable . . not like the plastic junk out there.It taught our child to have the confidence to walk on his own.He still loves it and puts his toys inside . He even climbs inside of it to be pulled around for rides.Would definitely recommend this classic !
 I just completed assembly of the Classic Walker Wagon for my Grandson , a Christmas present . The design , materials , and construction are commendable ! A fine product in this era of junk from China !! Makes you proud of American manufacturers who still care about their work . John
 I purchased this walker wagon for my `` cruising '' 11-month old and he absolutely loves it . Unlike the plastic walker-toy we have that was a `` hand-me-down , '' this little walker-wagon does not topple over when he attempts to pull himself up . He can grab on to any of the 4 sides and pull himself right up to a stable standing position . And , when he gets behind the bar , he takes off with the biggest smile and screaming - he just loves pushing it around and putting stuffed animals in it and taking them out . The wheels make a `` click-clack '' sound as it rolls -LRB- which echos over the all-tile floor -RRB- , but it 's really not as annoying as some reviewers made it out to be -LRB- in accompaniment with the tv , dogs barking , and all of the other normal every-day sounds in the house -RRB- . His 3 cousins -LRB- aged 13 months , 21 months & 3.75 yrs -RRB- all love playing with it too when they come over . Caution though
 I bought this for my grandson 's first Birthday and he loves it . He loves to load stuff in it and push it around . It 's been alot of fun watching him come up with new things to load in it .
 All the kids love to either get a ride or push each other in this little wagon -LRB- it 's design is hard to tip -RRB- . They also like to use it to clean up their toys or to move their toys around . Works for Mom too!Get indoors or outdoors ...
 This was one of our best purchases yet . Our son loves it , and it was perfect toy to help him learn how to walk . Also , I have to give great praises to the Radio Flyer company . When we shipped it back to our house -LRB- already assembled -RRB- the side arm cracked and Radio Flyer sent a replacement part free of charge . Excellent customer service !
 I bought this walker/wagon for my grandson when he was just 9 months old . He started walking with it right away . The fact that it does n't roll away when you touch it made it great for learning to walk . You actually have to push it to move it . Since then he has pushed , pulled , used it as a stool , pushed it down the stairs and just used it every day . I put the first one together myself and it does require being very careful to line the parts up correctly . I did have my son-in-law use a mallet to reinforce and secure the wheel axle covers . Now I am buying one for my grandaughter who just turned 1 yrs old . I am sure she is going to love it . I ca n't wait to see if she can walk with it .
 We got this as a gift from grandma however if we had not , we would have gotten it ourselves . Our 1 year old son loves it and ca n't get enough of walking on his own . It 's made well and does n't roll out from under him as the wheels have little resistance tabs to slow them down . WORKS GREAT ON CARPET as it still is easy to push yet does n't go to fast where he ca n't keep up . My son 's favorite is to sit inside and have my wife and I push or pull him around in it . You could n't wipe the smile off of his face if you tried . Overall a solid purchase if you get one .
 A gift for his first birthday , my son loves this wagon . The resistance on the wheels is perfect . He walks it from one end of the house to another with a look of sheer joy on his face . I knew he needed something like this when he started pushing our dining room chairs around . He can not yet walk on his own , and he can stand for a few seconds -LRB- until he realizes that he is not hanging on to something -RRB- . I think this will help him get the mobility he wants .
 I just purchased this after doing lots of online research for a walker for my 1 year old . I was just about to buy the Haba walker wagon -LRB- despite the very high pricetag -RRB- , but chose the Radio Flyer Wagon when I saw that it had been heavily discounted -LRB- 50 % off -RRB- . Overall , I am glad with my decision ... but I do n't think it is worth buying for any more $ than I paid.Pros : - Clean , simple design . I do n't mind the look of it sitting around in my living room - Compact size - Seems to be the perfect weight -- heavy enough that it does n't tip over , but light enough that I think my daughter will learn to manoeuvre it on her own . - Goes at the `` right speed '' for my daughter who is just learning to walkCons : - MAJOR assembly required -LRB- just like something from IKEA , except you need actual tools and not just an alan key -RRB- , although the directions were relatively straightforward - the wood side rails are removable . This is fine -LRB- and even convenient -RRB- but there is nothing keeping them in place . Which means that a 1 year old will inevitably pull them all out . There should be some latch and release or something . - The `` tires '' are made of plastic . I do n't know why I expected anything else , but I was imagining that they would be made of rubber . They seem sturdy enough ... but they 're that same plastic as on all of the cheap mall strollers -LRB- I know because I have one -RRB- . - This is no fault of the wagon itself , but I was n't expecting my daughter to STAND in the wagon ... and she does -LRB- it 's her favorite thing to do with it -RRB- and she trys to climb OVER the handlebar !! It is an accident waiting to happen , and it means that I have to keep my eye on her the whole time she is playing with this toy .
 Maria Montessori , the great educator , recommended such a walker wagon for children learning to walk . It gives them something to hold on to that can move with them but does not hamper their movement . While we would have preferred an all-wood model , this was the closest thing we could find , so we purchased it for our baby.Our daughter does n't use it to walk quite yet , but she still loves climbing in and out of it . She also enjoys when we give her rides in it . She 's almost ready to push it around , and I 'm sure that she will enjoy it greatly.It was fairly easy to assemble and is the right size for a child learning to walk . It even has a nice rubber piece that adds resistance while rolling so that it does n't roll to fast for the child.There are two downsides , I think . First , it 's a little bit expensive . Secondly , it is very hard to turn . So do n't expect your child to push it around in a circle ; it 's forward and reverse only .
 Length :
 We bought this walker for our fourth child . All of our older children had walkers similar to the Chicco type but we now have hardwood floors throughout the house and it was important to find a walker that had a speed adjustment and also would not `` tumple `` over . This walker is amazing !! I wish we had had it for our older children . It is incredibly sturdy and stable . Our son loves pushing it all over the house and putting things in it , now that he is a little older . He also loves to sit in the back or lay down and prop his feet up on the bar and let his older brothers push him around.I read that some people had trouble putting this walker together and/or the wheel caps came off . I -LRB- mom -RRB- did not have any problems putting this together . I simply followed the directions . I do n't think that it is that heavy or bulky and the wheel caps are really snug . -LRB- I check them occasionally . -RRB- I really believe if you follow the directions and hammer the wheel caps on completely , you should n't have any problems.I would highly recommend this product . -LRB- In fact , I already have to other family members that are having babies and for a friend with twins ! -RRB- We are completely satisfied and our little one is having a ball !
 My son really likes this walker . Some reviewers have complained about the maneuverability . If you are buying it for a 1 year old you actually do n't want that level of maneuverable ; it makes it difficult for the little one to pull himself up . My son has another walker and we basically just park it between the couches , otherwise , he would take off and face plant . This one is much more sturdy , he can pull himself up on his own -LRB- with me as his spotter of course -RRB- . Other reviewers have complained that it 's too small . Again , for a 1 year old , he fits in it perfectly and he loves when I push him around the house in it .
 I purchased this item for my son 's 1st birthday . He is not walking yet but enjoys cruising around the coffee table . This wagon is a huge hit ! At first , it went a little fast for him as he tried to push it , but after just a few days , he got the hang of it and LOVES to push it around the house and outside . His older brother -LRB- 5 yrs old -RRB- also loves to push HIM in it . And the sides come off so my 5 year old can get in it as well and be pushed by his younger brother . The joy in my 1 yr old 's face as he `` learns to walk '' is priceless and he squeals with delight as his older brother pushes him around . My niece -LRB- 2 yrs old -RRB- came over last week and filled it with her favorite toys and pushed it around the house all afternoon -- they all took turns pushing each other around -LRB- my sister-in-law is now considering buying her one for Christmas -RRB- ! I have bought A LOT of baby gear/toys over the years and this one is the best investment -- I can see us using it for years to come .
 My munchkin loves this and I 'm sure we 'll get lots of use out of it after he 's learned to walk . What a fun toy ! I read reviews that said there was a choking hazard with the clickers ... . yeah , if you do n't put it together correctly ! I think those people did n't read the instructions because it is so easy to put together . The clickers are secured with a washers and screws in the wood . If you skip that step ... . yes they will fall out and be a choking hazard . Read the instructions and you wo n't have any problem with that and it will be a fun toy for all !
 This wagon/push toy is made so the kids do n't fall learning to walk . My 11 month old grandson and my 8 month old grand daughter both enjoy this toy at our home . I plan to get one for my youngest grandson for his home for Christmas . He is just 4 months right now . And does n't get to visit as often as the other two to enjoy this one at mammaws house . It is wonderful . I bought one 5 years ago for my eldest granddaughter and the 11 month old already has that one as a hand me down at home . I love this toy . It is worth every dime and something you could keep after they out grow it to decorate with in a family room . The kids ride in it too and how they love being pushed in it even at 6 months . The eleven year old totes the poodle and the cat in his all the time!EnjoyTlbloy
 This wagon is great ! My daughter is 8 months old , stands with support , and she needed to take that next step -LRB- literally -RRB- . She wanted to feel more independent in the process of learning to walk other than my wife and I holding her hands . This was the answer we were looking for . This toy does require supervision and assistance while the child is learning to walk , but the thrill of accomplishment that my daughter felt as she took her steps and knew that we were n't holding her was priceless . The flexible rods on the wheels are great and provide just the right amount of resistance needed as they learn to move forward and backwards . She loves it and so do we . It also serves as a place to store toys when playtime is over ... my daughter greatly enjoys emptying the wagon of its contents as well .
 Great product . Works well on carpet , kitchen floor and outdoors . Easy to put together . My son -LRB- 8mos -RRB- walks and pushes this all day long . Highly recommend for beginner walkers .
 My granddaughter and grandson love this wagon . They use it so differenly . She like to push it and he love to sit in it and be pushed around . She is 2 and he is 1 years old . It is very sturdy , safe , and the color is beautiful . This is a must buy !
 I got this wagon for my daughter when she started `` cruising . '' She is able to go at her own pace thanks to the function on the wheel that stops it from flying away from you when you 're pushing it . It is quite sturdy . There are some things to consider before you purchase
 As walkers go , this one gets two thumbs up for being the least likely to tip over , most handsome and classic-looking . It 's also useful for holding toys . On the minus side , it does not steer at all , so while it 's good for very early walkers just learning to walk , it 's very difficult for small , new walkers to push around once they 've gathered all their toys inside . Since both my kids seemed to go from first steps to crossing the room in no time , the usefulness of this wagon as a learning aid for walking was VERY limited . I mostly love how it looks and feels like a classic toy that you can hand down from kid to kid and generation to generation . That said , the wood side walls will break after lots of play and use -LRB- kids like to get inside for a ride , and they also loved pulling the sides in and out -RRB- . We ordered replacement wood rails from Radio Flyer , but then it pretty much sat in the corner of the living room collecting toys , and got played with very little afterward . We 're now in the mode of purging our house of the `` baby '' items , but I have n't yet decided to give away or sell this one . Seems like the kind of thing I want to keep for the grandkids , but then i 'd have to store it somewhere for decades . I guess that says something about the wonderful nostalgic design of this item , but , again , its usefulness really is limited .
 A friend of mine who is an occupational therapist recommended this wagon for my 9 month old , who was starting to cruise , because it does not contain all the bells and whistles which distract babies learning to walk . My daughter loves it so much , we have to hide it from her -- all she wants to do is walk her wagon , it makes her so happy . It is VERY sturdy and great for newly cruising babies because the wheels are designed not to go too fast or turn , making falls less likely . My husband and I tied a rope to the front of it so one of us can walk in front of the wagon and steer it for her . This is definitely one of the best toys I 've purchased .
 We bought and returned several `` walker '' toys before I found this one . We bought it when our son was about 10mos old and just beginning to venture out on his own . It is very stable when many of the others would fall over when he tried to walk behind them . The handle is also very wide compared to other push toys . Because of the clickers it takes a little effort to push , which I like because the others would fly away from him.I agree that initially it was hard to steer but give it a time ... our son is now a pro . Plus many of the other push toys would just fall over when he tried to turn them . He can take this wagon around the tighest corners with no problem . We also had to replace our clickers . I called radio flyer and they sent them out ASAP and they were a snap to replace.Even with those two issues , I would buy this wagon again . We are going on 8 months of use now and it is still the favorite . I am a super picky toy buyer and this wagon is at the top of my must have list !!!
 I hesitate to call this a toy because it is more like a work horse . The walker belongs to our one year old daughter -LRB- love the classic , gender non-specific color/style -RRB- , but our three and five year old children enjoy it as much as she . They push around dolls , folded clothes to put away , and each other and the toy is happy to do it . It takes a quite a little abuse from the three of them , yet is in store-front condition . It is also heavy enough that it does n't tip easily like plastic push toys we have had before.Radio Flyer has done it again . This is an expensive purchase for a small person , but really will last a long time . Worth the price . Easy to assemble .
 Love this . . got it as a gift and it was great . My son started pushing it around at about 8 months . . just a little at a time and by 10 1/2 months was walking on his own . He still loves this wagon , he puts his toys in it and then takes them out , and now he likes to climb into it -LRB- much to our dismay of course -RRB- Some of the reviewers said it was n't great bc the wheels do n't turn but a beginning walker does n't need that really . This wagon is great bc it is heavy and really helps with balance , they will plow over anything in their way !
 I purchased this wagon for the love of my life my niece Kate and as I brought the big red box in the house , opened it up and started assembling it she got so excited . At first we would put her in it and pull her around but now at nine months old she loves to push it , of course with us right behind her making sure she does n't fall . I believe she feels a streak of independence as she pushes it around and looks to see who is watching her . Assembly was n't the easiest thing , in fact my brother got a little frustrated but overall it was n't too bad . I would definitely recommend this toy to anyone and hope they like it as much as my little Kate does !!!
 MY 15 MONTH OLD GRANDSON JUST LOVES IT . HE CAN PUSH OR PULL AND HE FOUND OUT EVEN RIDE IN IT.WHAT A JOY
 With all the lead paint from China . You would think Red Flyer would place on their adds Made in china . My box had the handle missing . That shows me the quality is where . It still looks as of old Red Flyer with china paint , wood & attachments material . Nothing about the safety Well I hope someone wil test the paint !
 I want to follow the Montessori method with my LO and this was one of the items recommended in the `` Joyful Child '' catalog . This was originally going to be a xmas gift , but my LO started showing signs of being interested in standing and walked , so we broke it out just before he turned 8 mos . he LOVE it . yes , you have to turn it for him , but i want that since he ca n't walk on his own yet . . much safer . this is my first time doing a review on amazon . I 'm glad i went this route vs the more expensive HABA wagon route .
 Bought it for my 11 month old , he loves it , he keeps walking behind it around the house , crawls in it , out of it , stores his stuffed animals in it ... and it gives him more confidence in walking . The toy is a big hit ! It 's sturdy , easy to put together and just wonderful . This toy will last a lifetime !
 We got this toy for our twins when they were 9 months old . It is by far their favorite toy ! It is extra sturdy and worth every penny . One son can walk pushing the wagon and the other son sits in the wagon to be pushed by his brother . We also give the boys wild rides pushing them in the wagon . It is also very sturdy for crawling in and out of .
 My 12 month old twins love this wagon !!! It 's a great gift for one year olds ! My only complaints is that I wish the wooden side rails were attached securely ... the twins just figured out how to get them off !
 I got this wagon as a shower gift even before my son was born , and I do think it is a must-have . He started pushing it and walking with it when we was about 8 months old . At that point he could stand independently and could move around standing up while holding onto furniture but could not yet walk by himself . He LOVED pushing the wagon around . The wheels move slowly enough that it is possible for a pre-walker to push it without face planting . Now , more than a year later , he still uses it daily . He loves carrying stuff around in it . I will always choose a more expensive , quality toy that keeps a child 's interest for a long period of time over numerous cheaper toys that only keep a child 's interest for a short period of time . I think $ 75 for a toy that has been used everyday for over a year is well worth it .3 / 22/12My son is pushing 3 years old now and he still plays with this wagon almost daily . Best . Toy . Ever .
 WORKS GREAT , BOTH IN AND OUT OF HOUSE FOR YOUNGER KIDS . GOOD FOR LEARNING TO WALK BY THEMSELFS . LOAD WITH TOYS AND PUSH AROUND . AND AS ALWAYS RADIO FLYER MAKES GOOD PRODUCT .
 This toy is awesome . She uses it to cruise around and it is the only walker that does n't turn upside down on her . We also keep it stocked with toys and roll it around from room to room and set her on the floor with it . We can put her in the bumbo chair and take off the rails of this wagon and she sits in bumbo pulling out toy after toy while i shower and get ready in the morning . I put it in her bedroom when i 'm putting laundry away , and she takes things in and out . Many uses . She 's almost walking as a result of pulling up on this wagon . My cousins girls are 4 and 2 and they take it everywhere and use it as a baby carriage . too cute .
 Our son Landon loves , loves , loves this wagon . He ca n't get enough of it . He actually cries and fusses when we bring him inside and he has to stop playing with it . We let him push it to the mailbox to get the mail , and it works really well in the grass , unlike regular walkers which ca n't handle off-roading ! It is great for inside as well , the rubber tires and rubber bumper on the front save your walls and floors from scuffs and dings . Very easy to put together , I 'll be keeping my eye on other radio flyer products for him as he gets bigger . Highly recommended for those little ones learning to walk .
 Love how well it 's made , but not that it 's made in China!We do n't have the best house for this because it does n't turn that easily for a baby who does n't know how to walk.If your baby walks , than I 'm sure he can turn it fine , but then whats the point . I think it 's the best made walker out there , it soid and wo n't tip over . Just make sure if you get any walker , you have enough straight halls/area for you baby to cruise or they 'll get bored with it quickly.Again , I was very upset to find out this is made in China !
 We are totally satisfied with the purchase and receipt of this item . We gave it to our granddaughter on her one-year old birthday . She took to it immediately and was walking right behind it , having a great time . The 3 and almost 5 year old at her birthday party also had a blast pushing it around . I think this toy will be used and used . I am very pleased with the Amazon price and shipping !
 This is a great item for toddlers . Pricey when purchased new . This second hand wagon is in excellent condition - looks brand new ! What a find .
 We are very pleased with this walker wagon . Our daughter is 10 months old and loves it ! It immediately helped her practice walking . It is very stable and does n't tip forward when she is using it to pull herself to a standing position unlike other walkers . Also , it is worth the money b/c as she grows , she can use this to pull her toys and dolls around . Radio Flyer has lived up to my expectation - it 's very well made . I wish I would have purchased this months ago !
 Got this for my son 's first birthday . He did n't care for it as much as we thought he would . He does like taking the sides out , climbing in , and riding or pushing a buddy in the wagon . We do n't have a lot of space to push the thing around so it 's annoying that it does n't turn easily . It 's sturdy and such a classic , thouugh , we like it overall .
 HEavy enough not to tip over , heavy enough to hold my one year old , heavy enough for early walkers . Overall an excellent product . We 're extra happy and our kids LOVE it .
 This walker was easy to assemble and is very sturdy . The wood slats only `` slide in '' and are n't really attached to I 've left them off until my son is a little older.The bumper on the front is just hard plastic so I doubt it will prevent much damage to walls or furniture but I 'm okay with that.You also can not adjust how easily the wheels turn for very early walkers . This makes it so my 8 month old literally RUNS across the floor unless I 'm there manually slowing it down.Even after all that , I am VERY glad I purchased this walker ... it 's built to last and I know he will be using it long after he needs it to help him learn to walk . Other walkers seem to be useless after the early walking phase ... this walker can be used to gather up toys for playing , giving rides to a favorite teddy bear , or whatever else his imagination can come up with . I love toys that are sturdy and built of quality materials AND that wo n't become obsolete soon after I purchase them.Would recommend this walker ! : -RRB-
 My granddaughter loves this , but she wo n't have the wooden sides on it . We try to put them on and they come off right away . She loves to sit in it and loves to be pushed , but wo n't yet push it . Nice sturdy toy !
 At $ 70.00 you expect a certain level of quality in the materials used and the construction - and this does not disappoint . The assembly is pretty simple , allow yourself 15-20 mins with basic tools . Its very sturdy and a great size for our son to pack up his toys into and push around . We love it !
 My friend loaned me her son 's walker wagon for my son - he loved it so much I bought my little guy his own . This wagon is sturdy , well-made , and practical . My favorite feature are the clicking rubber wheels with resistance built into them . This helps my son -LRB- and his wagon -RRB- to not fall over -LRB- as he has with other wagons -RRB- and also allows the wagon to work well on both wood floors and carpeting . The wheels only go straight , which is also good for babies learning how to walk . Other nice features are the bumper on the front of the wagon -LRB- saves the furniture -RRB- and the removable wood wagon walls . I highly recommend investing in this wagon for your baby - dont waste your money on cheap plastic bright colored walkers - in my opinion , this one is the safest and most durable one out there .
 Our little one loves this wagon - he started pushing it a month or so before he could walk on his own . Classic .
 Such an awesome product ... would totally recommend to a friend . Baby loves it and probably wil use it for a long time .
 We got this for our daughter 's first birthday . She loved it and zipped all over the house with it . I like that the sides come all the way out and we used it this way for a long time so that she could ride in it . It goes a bit fast on tile , so we even took it out into the grass to slow it down . Now that she 's older , it holds lots of animals and toys and will be in fine shape for her brother to use as well . A great , classic piece that you wo n't mind seeing in your home .
 I started my son on this at 8 months and he absolutely loved it . He is now 10 months and trying to turn it himself . I picked this walker for him because it is very sturdy and hard to tip over . We love it because it will grow with him too ! Also there is no musical noise like most things out there for kids .
 We purchased this wagon for our 9 month old grandson the minute he began taking steps . The little guy has so much fun pushing this wagon . The `` resistance '' is just right on carpet and tile . The wagon was easy to assemble and is so sturdy our grandson can ride in it ! Highly recommended for begining walkers !
 I would highly recommend this stable walker wagon , since my son loves it and i do n't have to be afraid that he tips it over . The wooden rails are easily movable , so he can do it himself and climb onto the wagon . The rattle sound helps me know when he is moving .
 This wagon is a great find ... our Granddaughter is walking behind it sooner than we expected !!! Speeds the process of walking after crawling !
 Very durable and safe product . Particularly helpful to use when a child is just starting to learn to walk . Helps with his/her stability and balance .
 My son is just learning to walk so my Mom bought him this wagon . He climbs up on it and walks with it across our living room !!! It 's so cute ! He also likes to load up the cart with his favorite toys for a ride . We take it to the park sometimes and all the kids come over to play with it . It 's a popular little cart . I love it .
 When I purchased this I definitely worried about if the toy would be `` worth it '' since it was more expensive than other walkers . It is!My son loves pushing it around and it has never slid out from him since it has resistance to prohibit it from going too fast.We use it to clean up his toys at the end of the night and store toys in.Plus it is a great classic design . Are n't you sick of ugly plastic items taking over the house ? I am . It is one of my favorite baby items .
 Got this for our 12 mo. old grandson who is just beginning to walk . It 's perfect !! The clackers keep it from running away with him , and within an hour of receiving it he was able to turn it around by himself and keep on going ! He loves it !! Not only to walk with , but to ride in and throw his toys into it.Easy to assemble , durable . The little ` bumper ' on the front keeps from scarring furniture or bruising adult ankles !! LOL !
 This walker is absolutely THE BEST . I should n't have expected anything less from Radio Flyer . It did take some assembly out-of-the-box -LRB- thank goodness my husband loves this kind of thing -RRB- , but it is a solid toy once finished . The wagon `` bed '' is generously sized and is perfect for toting around favorite stuffed animals . The `` slow down '' feature is perfect for the beginning walker - this item has NEVER slipped out from under my one-year-old . We did have one red wheel `` cap '' fall off just after assembly , but have n't had any issues since -LRB- we 've been using this for about two months now -RRB- . This is great for both an indoor and outdoor toy and performs very well on a variety of surfaces . I have recommended this to friends and family over and over .
 My son started using this as a walker when he was 10 months old . He walked on his own at 12 months . He is now 18 months old and still plays with this radio flyer walker EVERY SINGLE DAY . The side rails of the wagon have come off -LRB- my son can climb in and out -RRB- and the variety of play for this toy is excellent . So glad we chose this walker . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 This is a very durable toy , and my child has played with from 8 months on up . Love that it can hold toys and bring entertainment . My little one still likes to climb in and out of it . Definitely recommend !
 We bought this for our 11 month old baby girl and she immediately , and I do mean immediately , began walking behind it . She absolutely loves it . This was money well spent . She also loves to be pushed around the house while riding in it .
 Purchased this product for my son 's 1st birthday , and it was a hit ! My 3 year old also loves it . They load it up with toys , or each other and up and down the hall they go . It is easy for the 1 year old to push , even with his brother in it . It is super sturdy , well made and easy to assemble . The clickers that keep speed under control work great ! This walker wagon also has plenty of weight to it , so it is n't easily tipped . My mother-in-law is a pre-school special needs teacher and autism specialist . She said she would love to have these for her kids/classrooms . Overall , it is a great buy , worth the money !
 So , this thing is awesome my nine month old took off with it . The only thing is it 's hard for him to get up once he starts and we have to hold it in order for him to stand up with it . Sooner or later he 'll transition to where he can . . Once he hits a wall , it 's kind of game over , he does n't know how to turn the toy , and its a little hard for him to get it around . All it means is of course watching over him and helping him out before he gets angry at not going anywhere.Very nice toy , nicely built , makes a clicking sound as he moves it which does n't bother me really.I am very happy with this classic style toy that I 'm hoping lasts a long time
 This toy provides hours of fun . The sides can easily be lifted off , toys loaded in and transported to a different area , sides taken off again , and toys unloaded , played with , only to be once again loaded onto the wagon . This toy keeps toddlers busy ; it gives them a job to do . My son loves being a trucker . Sometimes he loads his stuffed animals in and gives them a ride . It 's a great toy . It 's sturdy and was fairly easy to assemble . I highly recommend it .
 Great only had since Christmas , seems to be made well . Easy to essemble 14 mo old took right to it
 This is a the best walker , perfectly balanced and sturdy . Intrigues child later as a carrier of toys and other toddlers
 Our 1 year old grandson loves his Radio Flyer Classic Walker Wagon . We purchased the wagon for him for his first birthday . He proudly places his valuables in the wagon area and walks using the handle for support . This product is well worth the cost and is extremely well made .
 Well made and perfect size . My 3 year old granddaughter pushes her 1 year old sister in the wagon . It was a birthday present for the 1 year old . She loves to sit in the wagon and pushes it too !
 Great construction . Easy to put together.Sturdy . Will last forever . Safer than what we grew up with . Made in China though .
 My two grand kids , 3 and 1 , loved it . The one year old uses it to walk around and the 3 year old likes gaining her rides in it .
 Fantastic ! Nice and steady for unsteady legs ! My little one just loves putting her toys in and attempting to push them around . Great idea to put clackers on the wheels so it does not run away . Would n't get any other walker !
 My husband and I got this gift for our 1 year old son ... He has now had the wagon for over a year and continues to push it daily ! He loves this gift ! He loads it up , he sits in it and we push him , he takes out the pieces and puts them back in - tons for him to do ! This is a MUST purchase for any 1 year old !
 I purchased this for my grandson and he loves it ! Very sturdy and well built . I would highly recommend it .
 I would recommend this walker wagon . This is made very sturdy and the paint job is nicely done . It is great for a 1 year old who is getting ready to walk . This will not tip over . Children will love to put things in and out of this adorable wagon.This was a great purchase !!! Deb from NJ
 I love this item ! Great for my son and all his blocks he can take with him all over the house !
 Santa brought this to my 8 month old son for Christmas . It is very cute and is a quality product ! Also , he fits perfectly in it so I think I am going to have his picture made in it .
 I bought this item for my little girl when she was 8 months . She could walk with it on the carpet immediately . It is too heavy for her to tip over , and within a few weeks , she could walk all over the house with it . At 11 months , she was walking but still loved playing with her wagon . She is almost one and still plays with it all the time . Wonderful purchase , worth every penny !
 This is a great toy . It is stable and that is a real plus in a walker . It is also so much more than just a walker that will only last a short time . My son got it just before he started to walk and is still playing with it tons months later . He loves to put things in it . Take the sides off and sit in it . He can push it easily and safely . It does n't get away from him . I think he will be playing with it for a long time . Almost every child who comes in our home enjoys it either as a walker or as a push toy .
 This is really adorable , we bought it for our baby son for Christmas so that when he starts walking he can use it for support . Little ones love to push things , especially when they can load up their treasures.The reason I do not give it 5 stars is because the wooden side panels are so easily removable , he will be able to just pull them out -LRB- once he realizes that they come out - we will try to stall this revelation ! -RRB-
 I bought this for my daughter 's first birthday -LRB- she was just starting to walk at the time -RRB- . It 's 3 1/2 months later and still a hit ! Both my 3 1/2 year old and 15 month old LOVE it . I did n't use the rails after the first day b/c they like to sit on it and push eachother around.I 'd buy it again , it 's worth the money !
 My mother bought this toy for my 11 month old son for Christmas . He absolutely loves it ! It was his favorite gift . It 's great , because he can not walk by hiself , but with the wagon walker , he can RUN ! I would definately recommend this toy !
 For the money I hoped my first son would play with it , and did he ever ! Now the younger and the older one both play with it and it looks brand new !
 I bought this for my grandson when he was 10 1/2 months old . He was trying to push laundry baskets around and falling . This little wagon was sturdy enough for him to climb in and out of , push around and bang into everything in his way . While not good at cornering , he quickly mastered the walking .
 My son got this for Christmas when he was ten months old and he loves it . Since he has n't quite yet mastered walking , this helps him to walk . And it is so funny because he pushes it and it makes him go pretty fast . It 's really cool . Connor loves to put his toys in it and push it around .
 My daughter got this for her first birthday . It went together easily and has been a wonderful walker for her . She keeps her books in it and pushes them all over the livingroom . It is a hit when playgroup comes over - a sure sign of a great toy !!!!
 Grandma has gone crazy , snapping up every Radio Flyer wagon/rider she can get her hands on . This is my 10-month old 's favorite . He 's been riding in it as long as he could self-support , sitting upright . We could plop him inside it , along with a few toys , to keep him `` contained '' without being caged.He now uses it as a walker , it 's a little wide to manage in a tight space , but the wheels adjust resistance for carpet or flooring.The durability of this item has been dissapointing , as the wooden areas have chipped or broken , and the wheel retaining nuts have come off twice .
 This is the second Radio Flyer Walker Wagon I 've purchased for grand children . It is very well made , easy to assemble and is used and loved by the grand children I bought them for . It is very stable and because of the resistance on the wheels , will not easily slide out from under a novice walker . I like the front bumper and the fact it can be used outside when weather permits . The last purchase was for twins who just turned a year old . They are unsteady on their feet and not walking alone . One rides while the other pushes.This is my all time favorite gift to give . Usable , practical , and enjoyed by child and parent .
 I have always Loved Radio Flyer , so when I found they had a Walker Wagon I was excited . I shopped all over and found the best price for it here on Amazon , Yeah ! The Walker is one tough toy . It does n't easily tip , but it does n't make corners well either . When pushing it the child needs room to go , go , go . My Grandson loves to load his toys in it . We got it for him at his First Birthday , and he already knew the concept of putting things in it to push around . Would suggest it to others .
 I got this for my daughter for her first birthday . She 's not walking on her own yet and I thought this thing might spur her along . She was loving it right away . The breaks provide just enough resistance so she does n't fall over when she pushes it and in general it 's very durable . I made the mistake of putting her inside and pushing it . . now I have to convince her that pushing it herself is just as fun because when she sees me approach it , she climbs in!My one complaint is that the tips of the little plastic pegs that are the breaks , snap off fairly easily . I 've already had to replace a set . Luckily that 's a pretty simple process . . you do n't need to take the whole thing apart to do it . The tips that broke off are way too small -LRB- about 2mm -RRB- to pose a choking hazard , but I still do n't want my daughter eating them . They need to make the break pegs out of more durable stuff . The replacement pegs Radio Flyer sent me were free of charge , but I 'd rather not need them at all .
 I bought this wagon for my friend 's son 's 1st birthday . Prior to his party I put it together for him and let my 7 month old daughter try it out and she loved it ! She was already able to pull up and easily walked with the help of this wagon . I 'm going to order one for her for Christmas . When I gave it to my friend 's son he loved it too ! This is a great toy little ones !
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 9 months old because she had been standing up and attempting to cruise since she was 8 months old . She was mostly interested in putting toys in to the wagon and pulling them out again until she turned 10 months . Now she loves to walk with it . She quickly figured out not to lean into it too hard so that it would n't go too fast . She is so proud of herself as she walks up and down the living room.I agree with other reviewers , it is hard to turn . But if it was easy to turn , it may be too much for new walkers.Over all , its great , my daughter loves it = -RRB-
 This wagon is perfect for our son who is just learning to walk . The only down side I can find is that he can not turn it on his own yet so he goes until he bumps into something and then we have to turn it around for him . Other than that it is awesome and safe . The wagon only goes as fast as the baby pushes it .
 I would recommend this product and this price is great compared to what you have to pay for at the store .
 I bought this as a birthday gift for my friend 's son who just turned one and he loves it ! The wagon itself is terrific . It 's fun to play with and it 's multifunctional . Children who are just learning to walk can push their toys around in it and the wagon is even big enough for a child to sit in . Overall , it is a great product and a great gift . The only issue I had was that the wagon I initially received was damaged . At first , I was upset about that but Amazon handled it very well . Once I called and explained the situation , they promised to send me a new wagon free of charge . I did n't even have to send the old one back because it was defective . I received the new wagon just a couple of days later !
 I bought one of these wagons 3 years ago for my grandson . It is an awesome toy for learning to walk ! It is so stable that you do n't have to worry about a toddler tipping it over . He also loved being pushed around in it , and as he got older , he hauled toys around in it . This one I just purchased is for a granddaughter . I think every family should have one !
 I bought this for my 13 month old son who is n't walking yet . He can push this very well and it does n't go to fast for him . It is very heavy so I have to turn it for him . He also loves to get pushed in it ! His brothers and sister push him all over in this and he absolutely loves it ! Well worth the money !!
 I bought this toy for my son who is on the verge of walking ! He loves pushing this all over the house .
 I bought this for my 10 month granddaughter for Xmas . She knew what to do with it . This is something I wanted her to have and I was very pleased . I have now purchased one for my 9 mo. old grandson . It was a great hit .
 This toy is great . Just tonight my one year old pushed it for four city blocks , very proud of himself . Really enjoyed being pulled in it as well . Every other walker I have seen or tried seemed more of a hindrance . This one is really well made and actually is helping my kid to learn to walk . He also loves to watch his show while sitting in this wagon . This will be one of the few things that we will be buying for other people 's babies when they need a good present .
 We got this for our -LRB- then -RRB- 10 1/2 month old for Christmas . He could stand but was n't at all intersted in stepping yet . He immediately learned to push this across the room and is now taking step on his own without the wagons help ! He has n't even had it a month yet and already it 's helped him learn to walk ! The resistance is great and was the most important reason I chose it . The wagon is wonderful , he climbs in and out of it , we give him rides in it , he totes his toys around in it , big brother totes his toys with it . I love that the sides come off and they 're easy enough to remove that the baby can take them off himself if they 're in his way . The only negative part of it is that it 's very difficult to turn . We have to help him turn it . It does n't seem to bother him any as he pushes it from both sides and just goes back and forth with it but I do wish maybe the wheels turned or something so it would turn better . It is smaller than I expected too but again not a problem . He does n't care . I would absolutely recomend it and buy it over again for my kids !
 This is a beautiful little wagon !! I thought my 14 month old might enjoy it and I was right . She loves to fill it with toys , and her 4 year old brother , and push it around the house . It 's a lovely little radio flyer product .
 I bought this for my daughter 's first birthday . I hesitated because she was already walking , but I went on the hunch that she would still enjoy it . Not only does she love it , but her 4 year old sister loves it , too . They fill it full of stuff and back and forth they go.It is a great toy that will last a long time . Assembly required several tools but nothing I could n't handle .
 This wagon is fantastic for my 9-10 month old granddaughter . Though not yet walking , she pushes this all over the house , giving her independence and a feeling of success that you see all over her bright happy face .
 I purchased the walker wagon for my grandson who just started toddling a week before Christmas . My husband assembled the wagon upon arrival and we were both impressed with its sturdyness . When I gave it to my grandson Christmas morning he took to it like a little fish to water and pushed the wagon all through the house . He even quickly figured out how to back it up ! By the end of the day he took the sides off and crawled into it.It is a very nice toy for a beginning walker and our experience seemed to confirm that .
 We love this walker wagon ! It was a Christmas gift for our 10 1/2 month old , who has been cruising on furniture for several months but has just started standing unassisted . She immediately started walking with her wagon , and she also has fun riding in it as we push her . She totes her toys in the wagon , and it serves as a great mobile toy box . The only down side we have seen so far is that it is difficult for our daughter to steer or turn at all , but she does n't seem to mind . I definitely recommend this toy !
 I received the wagon today , got it pretty quickly considering the time of year -LRB- Christmas -RRB- . I put it together very easily too . In about 15 minutes I guess . The only thing negative , the wagon came with a pretty good dent in the sideboard . The box was not damaged at all but the wagon definitely was . Almost looked like a hammer head mark , broke through the paint into the wood . Very visible . What a let down ! So it seems it was damaged before packaging or during the packaging process . It 's too bad because this is a cute wagon , perfect for that little toddler .
 A bit expensive but worth it . Our 10 months-old loves to walk around with it . He 's not walking yet but it seems that it will help him to make big improvements .
 Look no more ... you have found the perfect `` walker '' for your child . I had been looking for a walker for my son who at the time was about to turn 1 . He is n't walking yet so I thought he could use a walker.The ones that I 've come across were all `` plastic '' and they just did n't appeal to me . When I found this one , I just knew it would be perfect . It was very easy to assemble , its durable and the best part is my son `` Chance '' loves it !!! Everyday he climbs in and out of it with a huge smile on his face . When we take it outside he pushes it around while waving to all of the older kids that are either riding their bikes or skate boarding . I feel this wagon has given him some more confidence about standing and walking that I 'm sure he 'll be walking on his own any day now.Thanks `` Radio Flyer '' !
 I bought this wagon for my son for his first birthday . He 's a bit of a late walker so we wanted something sturdy that he could pull up on but that would n't tip over on him like many of the other plastic `` walker '' toys . This was perfect . I liked the click stops to keep it from going too fast and flying out from under him . Many of my friends have bought the same wagon because they enjoyed playing with it at our house . My son is 20 months now and walking well but still enjoys pushing around his wagon and when his little friends come over the favorite activity is taking turns pushing each other around in the wagon .
 We have had our walker wagon five years and two kids . The kids have had lots of fun pushing each other in the wagon , carting their toys around , and learning to walk with it . BUT we have had to replace the clickers -LRB- the small plastic pegs that slow the wagon down to make it safer for beginning walkers -RRB- three times . They work for 6 months or so , and then I 'll notice that the wagon no longer clicks . Several times we have found the plastic piece on the floor -LRB- someone else showed a picture of the piece that falls off -RRB- . So beware ... check the clickers often .
 Lots of people will tell you that this is a great walker . It 's well-made in terms of the parts being precisely cut . It 's easy to put together and the instructions are clear . And kids like it.But for me the most remarkable aspect is Radio Flyer 's customer service . Our Classic Walker Wagon arrived with a crack in one of the side panels , most like caused by poor handling during shipping.It took only one pleasant phone call to Radio Flyer to quickly get a replacement part . Simply great , old-fashioned customer service . Got ta a love a company like that , especially when they also turn out terriffic products.Jerry
 We bought this for my son just before he turned one . He is now 3 and still plays with it ALL THE TIME . He used to climb in and out of it , put toys in it , and we even used to push him around in it . Now , he fills it with all kinds of fun stuff -- rocks , leaves , balls and pushes it around the yard . This toy can be used indoors or out , and I think it is one of those toys that will be used again and again ... . definitely worth the money !
 My son is learning to walk and every plastic walker I tried would only result in him pushing it just to fall onto his stomach and crawl away . This radio flyer walker is awesome since it 's all wooden . My son is 27 lbs and 32 in . tall and he can easily push this around and stay in an upright position . He loves it ! I finally have something for him to walk with and he enjoys the new independence . I would highly recommend this walker . Previous posters mentioned that the `` tickers '' are flimsy and come off easily . I have n't had any problems with the parts on this walker at all . My son is pretty hard on his toys and this walker is standing up to all kinds of banging into walls just fine .
 my grandson loved it -- he is a year old and just started trying to walk -- was a little fast at first but he got the hang of it quickly !!
 My toddler has loved this wagon since he first started to scoot around at 8 months . It really helps babies practice and learn to walk . Once he got older he started putting his toys in it and carting it around . Now he has a little baby brother he loves to push in it . It is extremely durable and although pricey compared to other wagons , totally worth the price . It also has stoppers on the wheels that help to slow it down so it does n't speed out of control . We 've had this for almost two years and gotten a ton of use out of it . It still looks new . One of the best baby/kid purchases I 've made .
 When I was looking at buying something like this , I needed one that did n't have hard slick plastic wheels and was n't too lightweight as we have laminate floors . I could envision the lightwieght slick plastic things just sliding out from under her as she tried to push it . I finally ran across this . It was heavier and had a more grippy wheel . I gave it to her a little early because she was trying to walk early . She loved it . She had no problem pushing it even with the resistance pegs , even on the low cut area rugs . No she could n't turn it but since I was supervising anyway , it was n't hard to just reach over and realign her and let her walk to the next wall . She also loves to ride in it and as another said , that is hard on the adults back but particularly the backs of the thighs LOL , but worth it for the giggles . She is now older and likes to push it and put her animals in it and can now turn it just fine by herself . It will continue to get used through her toddler years . I 'm sure pushing dolls is next . Great purchase .
 Highly recommended , and here 's why : My son got this wagon for his first birthday . He could already walk , but it is still has become one of his very favorite toys . From day one he has been practicing climbing in and out of it -LRB- with the sides up , but he 's tall -RRB- . Since the wheels do n't turn super-easily , I do n't have to worry about it sliding out from under him while he does it -LRB- especially on carpet -RRB- . Once my son is sitting inside , he sits down and we wheel him around the house -LRB- the faster the better -RRB- . When little friends come over , they also take turns pushing each other . This is very cute and apparently so fun that they often all try to climb in at once -LRB- we 've fit up to a large 18-month-old in the basket , but that 's about its limit -RRB- . Usually , at least once a day , I find him sitting in the walker waiting to be pushed in circles around the house . My son also pushes stuffed animals around , but the corners are hard to turn , so I do have to follow him.This is also a very sturdy toy ; we will be able to pass it down to my son 's children . Because toddlers can also ride in it , this is the very best walker I 've seen and my son certainly loves it . If you do push your child around in it , be prepared to do it a lot -LRB- he or she will love it -RRB- . And , since the handle is quite low -LRB- it 's built for a toddler , after all -RRB- , it 's hard on an adult 's back .
 PROS : - high-quality , sturdy construction - wooden `` sides '' are removable , for more versatility - great for learning walkers -LRB- wheels offer slight resistance -RRB- - good for indoor or outdoor play - little ones can sit in it , if one or two sides are removed - easy to keep it moving in a straight lineCONS : - a little hard to maneuver around turns -LRB- none of the wheels `` turn '' to the left or right -RRB-
 This walker is helping our 8 month old twin boys to learn to walk . Its very safe and very cute ... * It only goes straight , perfect for a beginner * Large basket , we use it to hold peek-a-blocks usually , or it can hold my twins ! * Small and low to the ground , wont tip over * Very durable , nothings breaking this wagon ! * The wooden slats come off so my kids can ride in it * It wont tip over * If its on hardwood , it doesnt ruin the floors * Rolls well on carpet tooIts just a cute and great walker for those first few steps , my twins love this one just as much as the Gobble n ' go hippo , great toy ...
 My son loves this wagon ! He received it as a Christmas present -LRB- he was about 1 -RRB- It is great for a child just starting to walk . Unlike other push toys it has resistance in the wheels so even when he was still unsteady on his feet he could stand up and push it . Now that he is older , he still likes to push it but also likes to take the rails in and out and also loves to have a ride in it ! If I had to have a downside it is that it is a bit heavier and he ca n't really turn it by himself yet . However from my perspective , that downside was ` outweighed ' by all of the other plusses ! It is also extremely well-made and durable .
 I just bought this walker for my 9 month old daughter . She had just started pulling herself up on furniture , and she had a habit of pushing my kitchen chairs around . I figured it was time for a push toy ! But as a mom of 5 , I knew that most push toys are made of plastic , and are completely unsturdy . When I found this Radio Flyer Deluxe Walker Wagon and read some reviews , I knew I found the walker for us . My daughter is already pulling herself up to stand with the walker . It does n't tip at all ! She has taken a few steps with it , but right now prefers to push it from her knees , or be given a ride in it.Someone said that the basket capacity is only big enough for a large 18 month old . Well , my son is 5 , and very big for his age -LRB- about the size of the average 7 yr old -RRB- . He sat in the walker wagon WITH THE SIDES IN PLACE . Yeah , he had to bend his knees , but he fit . However , I told him to get out as I do n't know what the weight limit of this toy is . I plan to call the company to find out.We 've only had this toy a week , but I can tell that it will last a lifetime !
 I wish we had gotten this little wagon/walker . We bought a plastic Fisher Price walker and my son obviously senses it 's lack of mass . Our friends bring this Radio Flyer walker to the park and my son -LRB- 11 months -RRB- pushes it around . Even though the wheels do n't adjust , it 's sturdy enough that he can put some weight on it without it flying out from under him . It 's a winner .
 The quality of this product is absolutely amazing , with detail in everything , from material to packaging . Assembly is more complex then the average IKEA product , but if you are a `` handy phobic '' you can always get somebody to help you - It 's easier when done by two . Our 1 year old girl loves every use she can find to it
 We bought this item for our 1 year old granddaughter . As she was wanting to walk we felt this would be a great way to start her out.It took her a week or so to warmup to it , but now she wants to push it everywhere . As it also suited for outside I have taken it outside and she will push it as well as ride . An old belt wrapped around the handle serves as a means to tow her . She likes it better with the side planks off as this allows her to step in and out easyly . Take the front end plank off , place a small pillow on the other end and she is ready for that realxing ride to nap time . With an age rating of 1 to 4 years it will see many hours of use as she learns to walk and then for her dolls as she gets older . This is an excellent product.Radio Flyer Classic Walker Wagon
 OUR GRANDSON LOVES THIS WAGON . HE IS ONLY EIGHT MONTHS OLD BUT LOVES TO PULL UP TO STANDING POSITION BY USING THE HANDLE AND LOVES TO PUSH THE WAGON . HE ALSO LIKES TO TAKE RIDES . THE WAGON MAKES A GREAT PLACE FOR MOM TO KEEP HIS FAVORITE TOYS IN THE FAMILY ROOM . THIS IS THE PERFECT 1ST RED WAGON FOR ALL CHILDREN . HAS DEFINITELY BEEN WORTH THE PRICE AND THE NON SKID TIRES AND FRONT BUMPER MAKES THE SAFE AND TODDLER FRIENDLY .
 Love the walker wagon . My 13 month old non-walking son loves to push this around the house while he is walking or while he is crawling . It does n't move too fast so he can keep up with it .
 We all love this wagon !!! We got it for my daughter when she was 9 months . She is now almost 14 months . I loved that it did n't turn because when she was not walking on her own I wanted her to have stability . But she can get it to turn now that she is older ! We have not had any problems with any parts coming off at all . My daughter uses this wagon often . Now that it is spring she uses the wagon up and down the cul-de-sac . Still no problems with parts . My husband found it easy to put together . I read reviews and the few 1 star and 2 star baffle me . We have found it extremely durable ! We love it and think it was definitely money well spent !! Now on our second child -- a boy . He loves it too !!! It spends most of the time outside now going over grass and mud , hauling stuff . Still no problems with the wagon at all . Probably one of the best purchases for the kids we have made !
 Awesome !!! Quality is great . The children love it . It is light enough to move easily and sturdy enough to avoid tipping . Great toy !
 My kid loves the wagon . Perfect for her at 9 months as she 's learning to walk . The big grin on her face while pushing around the wagon is priceless .
 I bought this walker wagon for my 8 month old daughter for christmas . The assembly was easy and it looks absolutely gorgeous ! It is exactly what I expected from a genuine radio flyer . I did remove the plastic pieces that make the wheels click when it is being pushed because the sound scared the dog , and I think it rolls a little faster because of it . My daughter is just learning to walk , and she has so much fun pushing it , as well as riding in it when we push her around in it . The bumper in the front is great so it wo n't damage furniture or walls -LRB- or the wagon -RRB- ! We get compliments on it from most people who come to the house . I highly recommend this walker wagon !
 Great ! I was looking for a walker to give my little boy for his 1st birthday . He is very strong and on the tall side for his age -LRB- 34 inches -RRB- . It seemed that every walker we tried was to short and he could easily pick it up or tip it over . This walker was perfect . The height of the walker is great , the bar was a little above his waist . It is also very sturdy . We have to help him turn it if he runs it into something but he will learn how to manuever it as he gets older . He can stand up holding on to it w/o it rolling .
 We bought this for our daughter when she was 8 month old for her to walk . We had a chicco 3-in-1 , but it was too light that my daughter failed several times trying to pull herself up . This walker is very sturdy and heavy enough for my daughter to pull herself up without falling with the walker . We have both hardwood and carpeted floors . The wagon works fine on both surfaces . She started walking by herself 3 weeks after we bought her the wagon . Now she 's 13 months old , and still enjoy playing with the walker . She drags it around to collect any interesting items she finds around the house . Sometimes , we find our TV remotes , camera , thermoeter , empty bottles in her wagon . Right now , her favorite way to play with this wagon is to sit in there and have her daddy push her around.I do n't have any problem with any broken piece or any part fallen off as described by some of the reviewers . My daughter is not very gentle , and she likes to take things apart . Maybe I 'm just lucky , but I always like Radio Flyer stuff . I will definitely recommend this wagon to parents who want to purchase a walker for their little ones .
 Got this for my first born 's first Christmas when she was just learning to walk . We 're on kid # 4 now , and it is still going . One of the side rails broke at one point -LRB- I think one of the kids was smashing it against something , it was completely our fault -RRB- , and radio flyer sent me a replacement at no charge . The best thing about this , compared to any other walker toy , is that it is nearly impossible to tip over , and it has a mechanism that slows the wheels down so it does n't get away from a beginning walker . It was perfect as all my kids were learning to walk . And the kids love to fill the wagon , or push each other around in it . The only thing to watch out for is the bolts that hold the wheels on - if the kids are pushing it over bumpy surfaces like grass , they will loosen and come apart . I had to replace a few once , but since then I just check and tighten them once in a while , esp if the kids have been using the wagon outside .
 I bought this toy 2 years ago for my grandson . He and his twin sister love it . It helped them when they were just starting to walk to have something stable to hold on to . They still enjoy filling it up and pushing around at 2 1/2 . Made very well , sturdy , good weight and balance . I love that it has wheels that will stop and not just keep rolling when the child lets go . I loved it so much , I bought it for our newest grandson this year . I highly recommend it .
 We bought this indoor wagon for our 1 year old daughter 's birthday . She is not quite walking on her own yet , so she loves the independence this provides . She also loves to take rides in it ! It is well made , but I do wish it had a cushioned bumper !
 this little wagon is the most fun you can have or watch . children 3 1/2 years , 11 months - walking , 8 months , and 5 months . the older walkers pushed the little ones sitting inside , they could share a ride . Everyone was safe because it does not just roll away , there is good control even for the 11 month old . We had such a good time with this wagon . Hours of fun !
 My son was ready to start walking at 7 months , but needed a lot of help keeping his balance . This wagon was the only walking toy I found that he could n't pull over on himself , and was sturdy enough for him to hold on to while pulling himself up off the ground . He also loves sitting in it and getting rides around the house . For any child that is too rough or uncoordinated for a light weight plastic walking toy this is the perfect solution . It is also very well made and I feel will be in great condition when our next baby is ready to start walking .
 I do n't have a lot to say about this wagon . Was at first a little hesitant to get it , thought that I should maybe opt for a full size wagon , but I 'm really glad we did get it . Our son has fun walking around the house with the help of this wagon and he also enjoys putting toys and other objects inside to take for a ride . The quality of the wagon is so far meeting my expectations . Most of the parts are wood except for the thick metal handle . The wheels are the only part of this wagon that I feel could be improved as far as quality . Overall , we are very happy with it .
 My son loves this wagon . We got it for him because he was pushing dining room chairs around -- this is a much better alternative ! This wagon is sturdy and heavy enough that it wo n't slip out from under him . It was easy to assemble and seems very well made .
 We have given this little wagon to each of our grandkid families as the first grandchild turns one -LRB- or whenever they are getting close to walking -RRB- ! It is a great toy to encourage walking and the kids are so proud of themselves for being upright ! Lot 's of cute videos have been made of these wagons & walkers . It then serves as a push along toy box or stroller for dolls for years to come .
 I 've purchased this toy twice because it 's such a big hit with the kids . First purchase was for a 9mo boy just taking his first steps . He did n't open another gift , immediately started walking back and forth in our hallway for a couple of hours . It 's been almost a year and it is still his favorite toy . He fills up the wagon with toys and blocks and pushes from one destination to another . Second boy is approaching 9mo so we purchased for him to help take his first steps . Arrived in great condition and easy to put together .
 We bought this for our first child at 8 months old and he absolutely loves it . I was browsing on Amazon when I found this and had to get it . It 's fairly simple to put together , and is very sturdy . It 's heavy so that your baby will not tip it over as he learns to walk on his way to becoming a toddler . I will definitely be saving this for our future children and maybe one day , even their children . It is literally the cutest thing ever !
 Purchased this with the radio flyer car . Both were a hit for this Christmas season . Our standup grandson was able to hang on and push it and loves to put his new toys in it . Hopefully it will help him keep his toys picked up ! as well as provide a fun time .
 My son really likes this wagon , and it is helping . Him want to stand and try to walk . We needed some good motivators !
 This is a sturdy little wagon . Our little guy loves it!It was n't too hard to assemble and all the pieces fit together very well.I did n't give it 5 stars because it 's very hard for him to turn , so you either need room to go straight or constantly help your little one adjust the steering .
 Length :
 Thank you for making such a great walker . I can not believe I almost did not see this walker before purchasing a different one . I have the most amazing absolutely beautiful pictures of my baby walking around with this . And to have her stop and put a rock or leaf in the cargo hold is so precious.Worth it . All the other kids want to use it .
 This little wagon is great for pre walkers . My son races around the house with it . Sturdy for not so steady kids . Has clickers so it does n't roll too fast . I 've told every mom they need this .
 My daughter got this last year for Christmas when she was 9 months old . I wanted something that would allow her to pull up to standing without tipping over and something that would not fly out from under her while she was learning to walk . I chose this wagon because it seemed to meet those requirements while also being a sturdy toy that would get use for years past learning to walk . It was perfect for learning to walk !! And a year later she is enjoying pushing it around with her baby dolls and other toys in it . She likes to climb in it also and make us push her around . This wagon is probably one of the best toys I 've ever bought ! I highly recommend it ! Yes , it is more expensive than most other toys like it but well worth it !
 Very sturdy wagon that we use and purchase often for physical therapy for toddlers . Do n't have much use for the side rails and would be nice if it had a steering option , but overall it 's a go-to for a new toddler for outdoor stepping practice .
 We bought this for our little boys 1st Christmas and decided to give it to him early . We filled it with books for his first few walks but have recently taken them out . It is really cute and looks good around the house unlike other toys/walkers . He is learning to walk and having fun doing it .
 My Son absolutely loves his wagon.The wagon is very sturdy not to mention cute . It is perfect to help your baby learn how to walk .
 I was very happy with the appearance and quality of my wagon . It is for my first grandchild that is expected to be born 2/10/09 .
 I got this for my little guy -LRB- 16 months -RRB- who was afraid to let go and walk . In less then 3 days with his new wagon he is a full time walker . The wagon is now used to move toys from one end of the house to the other . He loves it . If he 's not using it , his 3 yr brother is using it . This wagon will get lots miles & hours of fun .
 I got this wagon for my grandson , but a fiend of mine had a grandson about the same age , he was in and out of it and just starting to walk so it was a great support for him . I thought I would have to send the rocket radio flyer back and get him the same but he loves the rocket too ! Great products for ages 10 months and over
 My wife and I got this wagon for our 11 month old who is on the verge of walking . The minimum age recommendation is 12 months ; however , our little one is so close to walking we decided to give it to her now . It has worked wonderfully . We have had no problems with the little plastic clickers that give resistance to the wheels -LRB- and really , they 're too small to be a `` choking hazard '' as reported in other reviews -RRB- . We tried plastic walkers which are flimsy and cheaply made , and have been nothing but pleased with this more sturdy , durable , and higher quality walker .
 I bought this for my daughter 3 years ago for Christmas and by the time she opened it she was all ready walking -LRB- 7 monthsold -RRB- . I thought it was a waste until it became her favorite toy to ride in and take her animals for a ride . Fast forward 3 years to the birth of my son . He has been using it as a walker since he was 6 months old and I trust this item to be safe . Very quality product from Radio Flyer , I imagine many more children could give this wagon a beating and it would keep on ticking .
 I purchased this walker wagon for our 11-month-old grandson who at the time was close to taking those unassisted first steps . He loved the wagon and immediately started pusing it around our home . Within three weeks , he was walking unassisted . Now I know that he well might have taken those steps without the walker wagon , but I think it may have accelerated his progress . He also enjoys sitting in it and being pushed around . Now that he is walking , he loads the wagon with special cars and stuffed friends and parades them around . The wagon 's quality is typical Radio Flyer , which means it 's outstanding . It took me about 20 minutes to assemble it . This is a wonderful product that will last for years .
 I bought this wagon for my 10 month old who had just started to walk holding on to furniture . A friend recommended the purchase . From the moment we opened the box and assembled the wagon , my son loved this toy . He is now able to move around the house freely walking upright holding on to the wagon . And he can keep his favorite toys in the wagon , too . He will be walking on his own in no time . I found that amzaon had the best price after searching the net extensively.I would highly recommend this toy for anyone whose child is learning to walk .
 This wagon was easy to put together , all pieces were included , and it worked properly the fisrt time used . We will consider more products from this line of toys for future purchase .
 My son loves this wagon . He loves pushing it around and he 's even had a few rides in the cab ! This wagon was a huge pain to put together because one of the pieces did n't fit properly and I had to drill my own holes . In the process , I chipped off a piece and glued it back together.This required a lot of tools and coordination to put together but my son loves it so it was -LRB- mostly -RRB- worth the hassle .
 I bought this wagon because I was looking for a sturdy push toy for my son to use while learning to walk . I shopped around a lot before purchasing the Radio Flyer Wagon . I went to several toy stores to try out the push toys they sold and this is by far the best out there . It is one of the few that is actually heavy enough for my son to use it to pull up to stand without it tipping over . It is also the perfect height . Some of the shopping carts out there that can be used as push toys are too tall . The wagon has a nice resist push feature that helps it keep from moving to fast . Still , I find it is too fast for my son , but it is easy to weigh down with weights or sacks of sand in order to slow it down . I highly recommend this wagon .
 I purchased this walker wagon for my 10 month old son who had started to walk behind things . Besides being really cute , the wagon is perfect because it has `` clickers '' in the front set of wheels , so the wagon does n't go too fast and the child can walk at his/her own pace . My son loves putting toys in and out of the wagon as well ! I would definitely recommend this product ! The only complaint I have is that it took a little longer to put together than expected .
 I think every baby will have a Radio Flyer at some point , this is a great first wagon . It has some little plastic pegs that create resistance -LRB- and some clicking noise -RRB- to make sure it does n't fly out from under them when trying to walk . Our boy loves to sit in it and ride around the house , of course that means you have to bend over and push him around but it is well worth the exercise !
 I was immediately impressed when I took this out of the box . It is ALL wood construction ! I , being your average consumer , expected some wood and some parts to be plastic -LRB- as so much is these days -RRB- . The weight added because of this truely all wood construction , not to mentioon real rubber wheels , makes this sturdier than any other infant walker I 've seen . It 's hard to tip , so I do n't have to worry about my 11 month old pulling it onto himself while trying to get in an upright position . This will be something my son enjoys for years , and the best part is ... it will LAST !
 We purchased this wagon for my son 's first birthday and are very glad we did . He absolutely loves it ! When he received it he immediately started pushing it and laughing . It does not turn but he quickly figured out how to maneuver it as he wants . He loves to put things in it and take them out . Now fourteen months old , he still plays with this toy everyday ! The wagon was also a huge hit with the other children in his play group . The wagon is very well made and durable . It does require some assembly but it is not difficult . I would absolutely recommend it !
 Was a gift for our 3yr old for Christmas . We bought a cash register for the 5 yr old and needed a buggy for shopping . I could n't find and shopping carts that I really liked so I bought this . She loves it ! Very sturdy and rolls great .
 My 10 month old boy loves his new walker . His 2 and 4 year old sisters love it too . They love to push him around in it when his legs get tired and then it a good home for their toys when he 's all through . Very durable and stable .
 I purchased the walker for my granddaughter for Christmas . She had been standing but yet to take her first steps . She has played with it and now taking steps on her on . I believe this helped her gain confidence and most likely helped her legs prepare for walking . I was aware it would have to be turned around by someone else so that has n't been a problem . I feel she will get a few years of good use from her new toy !!
 We bought this wagon for our granddaughter , 11 months old . It is a solid toy , well made and well balanced . It has some resistance so she can pull herself up on it without it running away from her . It has rubberized bumpers so it does n't damage walls or furniture when she crashes it into them . A great toy for almost ready to walk and early walkers !
 My daughter was 9 months around Christmas time . Those of you with children know that babies love the paper and boxes more than the toys . We decided that our daughter needed a wagon . She loved it . She walks behind it all the time . She spends a lot of time loading and unloading the wagon -LRB- GREAT developmental skills ! -RRB- . I love the clicking sound it makes . We are very happy with our purchase and know that AB will enjoy it for years .
 I purchased this for my 1 year old son , who still was n't walking -LRB- he was cruising though -RRB- . He loved it and pushes it everywhere . My 3 1/2 year old son really likes to play with it too . They put their toys in it and push it around . My older son even took the sides off and the younger one crawls in it and they go for a ride !
 I bought this for my daughter 's first birthday and oh how she loves it ! . She is not quite walking on her own , but can push this around everywhere . It does not go too fast and the bumpers protect it and her from hitting walls , etc. . Both of my kids enjoy it ! Assembly was quite simple and I could tell that it was a quality product . Another hit from Radio Flyer !
 We have had this walker wagon for a week and are thrilled with it . My 7 1/2 month old loves to sit in it and get rides courtesy of his brothers and sister . He even likes to sit in it just to play with some toys without getting pushed around . His brother thinks that the baby likes it because it is `` cozy '' . The older kids like to use it to round-up toys and roll them to the toybox . Of course , a few months down the road , the baby may use it as a walker . The best part of this wagon is that it has multiple uses . The baby has konked his head on the metal handlebar , but I just pinned a soft cloth around it to solve that problem . I like the sturdy construction .
 This wagon is EXACTLY what is was described to be . The wagon started out as a toy for the child to climb in and be pulled in and developed into a `` toy '' to help the child start walking on her own !!! Well made and durable while being very light to carry & store . Well worth the $ $ $ .
 My husband and I got this wagon for our 11 month old daughter for Christmas . She loves it . There is some resistance on the wheels so that it ca n't get pushed too fast so its perfect for little ones learning to walk . It was easy to assemble . I think it will offer her years of enjoyment because it can double as a stroller for her baby dolls when she is a little older . I truly think this is a great product .
 My son really loves this wagon , he likes to sit in it , put things in it and push it around . I think it keeps him physically active and we as parents appreciate that . My only problem with the wagon is that the walking bar is made of metal , that is why I gave it 4stars instead of5 . I would have prefered it to be made of wood , it would n't beas hard if he accidently hits his face or head . Yes I know wood is heard too , but it is n't as heavy . The construction of the wagan was not difficult . The wheels click when the wagon is moved , it prevents begginer walkers from rolling away . Overall we are glad we have it , we are just going to purchase a bicycle foam to go on the handle .
 This will be a fun walker for our newest Grand-daughter ! It was fairly easy to assemble & will have a wide range of imaginary uses .
 Great product , and one she never tires of . Looks great anywhere filled with toys or books , and a high quality toy that will be kept even when she grows out of it .
 I bought this wagon for my newest grandson , who is now 7 months old . I thought it would be a good way to help him in learning to walk and give him a place for his toys . On Christmas day his big brother , age 3 , put him in the wagon and pulled him all over the house . They had great fun!Radio flyer is a great product , we still have the one we first bought for our eldest daughter 32 years ago . I just hate that now they are made in China instead of the USA !
 I purchased the walker wagon for my 9 month old granddaughter for Christrmas . My grandson had a similar `` walking '' toy when he was about the same age and therefore thought this would be excellent . Emma is pulling up but to my surprise she took right off with the wagon . She puts toys in the wagon and away she goes . The product is as wonderful as the name itself `` Radio Flyer '' . I am a baby boomer and grew up with the name . It is the best . I was worried that the walker would get away from her but that is no problem either . Excellent A +
 We bought two of these for our one-year-old grandsons , and they are a hit ! They love pushing them around , getting in them and being pushed around by older siblings , and transporting their toys from one place to another . They 're also very handsome wagons and are built to last , unlike some of the plastic walker wagons , and they 're easy on the hardwood floors -- no scratches !
 My son was n't walking when he received this wagon at 1 year . He immediately began walking around with it , and was inseparable from it for the next 3-5 months . Now , at 2 , he rarely plays with it , and prefers his riding toy instead . But for a critical time there , this was his # 1 object in the entire house . Maneuverability was an issue initially , but I think this wagon 's lack of steering is a bonus , as it helps children build strength and large motor dexterity . And , after being heavily used , the wagon is still in mint condition . Strongly recommended .
 If your child is crawling and starting to pull him/herself up to standing , buy this ! The joy of seeing your smiling child walking around is priceless . We got this for our son when he turned one . He loves it ! He keeps many of his favorite toys in the wagon and stops to play with them , pulls some out , puts new ones in . He can pull himself up by the handle and the wagon has never tipped up from it . Look at the design closer and you will see the handle is actually forward of the rear axles . We brought it to a wedding and all the 2 to 4 year old toddlers could n't wait to get their hands on it and run around , which gives us lots of hope for the longevity of the wagon . The Radio Flyer Walker Wagon is a well built toy every kid goes crazy for !
 This is the third Radio Flyer Classic Walker my husband and I have purchased for our grandchildren . They are durable , safe , and provide hours of fun . One year olds learn to walk by pushing the wagon , two year olds fill it with toys , and three year olds -LRB- and older -RRB- still enjoy playing with the wagon in any way their imaginations dream up . This is a terrific product .
 We bought this wagon for our 8 month old son after buying many other `` walker '' toys . The others slipped out from under him , while this wagon is sturdy and stable for a baby learning to walk ! The best part is that he gets to put toys in the wagon and push them around the house ! We loved this wagon so much , that we just bought a second one for our son to keep at daycare !
 I searched and searched and read review after review looking for a good resistance walker . We have hardwood floors throughout the house and needed something that would n't fly across the room ! We purchased this for our son this past easter . He was 8 months old and LOVED it !!!!!!!!!!! He walked all around with it . His grandparents loved it too , and how well it 's made . He still plays with this and takes the sides off and we put him in it and push him back and forth between my husband and I . We store his buillding blocks in the back now and it 's very easy to pick up ! LOVE this wagon !!!!!!!!!!!! This will be a toy I keep and pass to my grandchildren some day !
 We received this as a gift from my sister and brother in law for our toddler daughter . Abi LOVES it . She pushes around all of her books and it truly helped in her confidence when walking . The best part was that when walking on our deck she would come to the railing and slam in to it at full speed yelling , `` stuck ! '' Which is of coure our cue to turn her 90 degrees so she can continue her promenade around the deck . Well built and fun a great help to the new little walker in your house .
